the photosynthetic reaction center jr norris   j deisenhofer san diego : academic      
chromosome banding in x-linked mental retardation c fonatsch lancet i    
an empirical review of price behaviour on the internet h riquelme  electronic markets   2001.0 
learning with kernels [ ph. d. thesis ] aj smola technical university of berlin      
modeling and analysis of a traveling wave tube under multitone excitation 2000.0 jg wohlbier   
tunning red for web traffic m christiansen   k jeffay   d ott   fd smith proc .    
myocardial infarction and the emotional climate ah crisp   m queenan   mf d'souzaâ ? ¦  lancet   i   1984.0 
predicting the benefits of information retrieval techniques a arnt    
visualization   optimization   and business strategy dl gresh   ei kelton  d. gresh   e. kelton   proceedings   ieee visualization    
convergent stakeholder theory 1999.0 tm jones   ac wicks the academy of management review    
new developments in laser resonators 1990.0 ae siegman   
energy conservation 2000 mayville and horicon : a study of a community-based program b neal   c sabo wisconsin demand-side demonstration   april    
instrumental stakeholder theory : a synthesis of ethics and economics 1995.0 tm jones the academy of management review    
learning plateaus in generalized cognitive condensations : phase transition   path dependence and 2001.0 r wallace   r fullilove   
electron microscopy and diffraction of twinned structures in evaporated films of gold phil . mag   dw pashley   mj stowell   
ws-catalognet : an infrastructure for creating   peering   and querying e-catalog communities k baina   b benatallah   h paik   f toumani   c rey   a  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
an analysis of the relationship between nln pre-admission scores   age and student success in two em kirking  2004.0 
yu . a. medvedev   and bm stepanov av zhemerev at .  
progressive encoding for lossless transmission of 3d meshes p alliez   m desbrun acm siggraph conference proceedings    
distance learning : whatâ ?? s holding back this boundless delivery system i bruder 1989.0  electronic learning    
a.   h. muroya   and rg gould . 1972 vivo demonstration of the circadian . rhythm of cholesterol p edwards   
continuous querying in database-centric web applications jc shafer   r agrawal www9 / computer networks   2000.0 
social experimentation h riecken   
scatter/gather : a cluster-based approach to browsing large doctnnent collections dr cutting   dr karger   jo pedersen   jw tukey  proc . acm sig1r    
what teachers can do to relieve problems identified by international students ds lee new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0    
the haskell school of expression : learning functional programming through multimedia   2000 p hudak   
syntactic accidents in program analysis d damian   o danvy  proceedings of the 2000 acm sigplan international conference  
yu . a. nikolaev   and yu . r. kevorkyan   â ?? grain-boundary segregation of phosphorous in low-alloy av nikolaeva at .  
grassroots k kamiya   m rã ¶ scheisen   t winograd  technical report   stanford university   cf. url http://diglib .  
the evolution of polyandry ja zeh   dw zeh  1996.0 
guide to finding pediatric injury prevention public education materials t smith journal of emergency nursing   1997.0 
recent developments in sic power devices and related technology j millã ¡ n   p godignon   d tournier    
the md5 message-digest algorithm . request for comments 1321 1992.0 rl r-vest   
catalytic ethylene dimerization and oligomerization : recent developments with nickel complexes f speiser   p braunstein   l saussine acc . chem . res   2005.0 
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large databases proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   g sudipto   r rastogi   k shim   
198 1 . the evolution of sex-role reversal and monogamy in shorebirds wj erckmann ph. d. diss.   univ. washington   seattle    
graduate program in communication sciences & disorders 2006.0 cg students   
an adaptivecongestioncontrol schemeforreal-timepacket video h kanakia   pp mishra   a reibman proceedings of acm sigcomm computer communications review      
human t-cell lymphotrophic virus type-i ( htlv-i ) retrovirus and human disease journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 dj bentrem   ee mcgovern   ml hammarskjoeld   rf   
incremental subgradient methods for nondifferentiable optimization technical report lids-p-2460   massachusetts institute of a nediä ?   d bertsekas   
crime in greece in perspective cd spinellis   1997.0 
lernerautonomie und lernstrategien   fernstudieneinheit 23   langenscheidt   mã 1/4 nchen   2000 p bimmel   u rampillon    
measurements of electron cyclotron emission from non-maxwellian electron distributions in tcv p blanchard   h weisen   s alberti   s coda   p gomez     
a sign-based phrase structure grammar for turkish . master 's thesis middle east technical university   o sehitoglu   
agile software development : addison-wesley pub co a cockburn   
co-operation in the digital ageâ ?? engendering trust in electronic environments bt technology journal   2004.0 a seleznyov   mo ahmed   s hailes   
radioprotection ( colloques )   this issue na beresford   sm wright   cl barnett   jl hingston      
balneotherapy for rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis ap verhagen   hc de vet   ra de bie   ag kessels   m cochrane database syst rev   2000.0    
explaining the enigmatic anchoring effect : mechanisms of selective accessibility f strack   t mussweiler journal of personality and social psychology     1997.0 
assessment of neonatal diaphragmatic paralysis using magnetic phrenic nerve stimulation gf rafferty   a greenough   g dimitriou   mi polkey      
confirmation of traumatic interhemispheric subdural hematoma by magnetic resonance imaging va romano   gj toffol journal of emergency medicine     1994.0 
applying wavelets in image database retrieval jz wang   g wiederhold   o firschein   sx wei technical report   stanford university   november  
some in-situ measurements of the radiated emission in a door network jp rouzaud   f issa & hellip ; symposium on powerline communications   athens   greece    
program micro-and macrotheory : a guide for social change wr shadish new directions for program evaluation . jossey-bass inc   san & hellip ;    
data compression for bitmap indexes y chen   
concept based query expansion qyf hp proc acm sigir      
the utilisation of un-cultivated rural land in southern norway during the last 2000/2500 yearsâ ?? d moe proceedings   ve congrs international de la socit dâ ?? & hellip ;    
a new efficient algorithm for computing grobner basis jc faugere proceedings of mega   1998.0    
query processing techniques in the summary-table-by-example database query language g ã?zsoyoä?lu   v matos   m ã?zsoyoä?lu acm transactions on database systems ( tods )     1989.0 
overview of reverse engineering and reuse research 1992.0 pav hall information and software technology    
customer handling intermediate serverâ ?? an architecture-led project g mathieson bt technology journal   1997.0 
naturalistic study of evaluation utilization mc alkin new directions for program evaluation     1980.0 
concurrentuseofb-treeswith variable-length entries sigmod rec   wg kelleram   
hierarchical test generation based on alternative graph models j raik  1997.0 
the architecture of simplicity d miller the academy of management review     1993.0 
predicting real outcomes : when heuristics are as smart as statistical models unpublished manuscript   a todorov   
emergency nurses ' perceptions of critical incidents and stress debriefing c burns   nj harm journal of emergency nursing     1993.0 
substructure clustering on sequential 3d object datasets data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international z tan   akh tung   
occupational infectious disease exposures in ems personnel e reed   mr daya   j jui   k grellman   l gerber   mo journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
an index structure for efficient reverse nearest neighbor queries c yang   ki lin    
duplicate elimination in the advanced information managment prototype g saake   v linnemann   p pistor   l wegner   g int . conf . on vldb   ( amsterdam      
predicting academic performance of college students in the united states and in estonia lw anderson  international journal of educational research   2001.0 
removal of heavy metal ions and humic substances from water by ultrafiltration membranes 1995.0 m kabsch-korbutowicz   t winnicki environment protection engineering    
training in east germany : an evaluation of the effects on employment and earnings b fitzenberger   h prey  unpublished manuscript    
wave scattering from rough surfaces ag voronovich  1994.0 
handling summary information in a database denvability proc acm h sato   
the complexity-extremity effect and age-based stereotyping pw linville journal of personality and social psychology      
enterprise integration technologiesâ ?? what is it and what can it do for me ? s vodicka   nc cary   
method to estimate parameter values in software prediction models information and software technology   1991.0 y miyazaki   a takanou   h nozaki   n nakagawa   k   
fa and tanca   l. ( 2004 ) : a contextaware methodology for very small data base design sigmod cs bolchini   
trust-based collaborative filtering j weng   c miao   a goh   d li    
thyroid and adrenal dysfunction in abstinent alcoholic men : locus of disturbance neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 pt loosen   b chambliss   n ekhator   d burns   
misconceptions about real-time transactions : a serious problem for next generation systems j stankovic  ieee computer    
green assessment of multi-product based on concordance analysis y yinsheng   l hongwei   t jin  proceedings of 2001 international conference on management  
database management for life sciences research hv jagadish   f olken  sigmod record   2004.0 
the anti-il-2 receptor monoclonal antibody yth-906 in liver transplantation pj friend   h waldmann   s cobbold   h tighe   p transplant proc   1991.0 
adaptive performance management for umts networks c lindemann   m lohmann   a thã 1/4 mmler computer networks   2002.0    
tornadoâ ?? a global-scale peer-to-peer storage infrastructure hc hsiao   ct king  submitted for  
an approximation algorithm for finding a long path in hamiltonian graphs s vishwanathan   
transaction protection by beacons ; aiken computation laboratory   harvard university   cambridge mo rabin massachusetts 02138   technical report tr-29-81   november    
current results and new developments of coronary angiography with use of contrast-enhanced computed mayo clinic proceedings   2002.0 tc gerber   rs kuzo   n karstaedt   ge lane   rl morin   
the new zealand digital library : collections and experience ih witten   r mcnab    
the representative design of person-situation research la pervin personality at    
afzaal 5   speir p   pergantis sa   thomas-oates j ej anal r pickford   m miguens-rodriguez at . spectrom      
male circumcision for prevention of heterosexual acquisition of hiv in men n siegfried   m muller   j volmink   j deeks   m egger  cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
formal description of realtime systems : a review . m joseph   a goswami information and software technology   1989.0    
paradox lost ? firm-level evidence on the returns to information systems spending e brynjolfsson   l hitt management science   1996.0 
what 's the meaning of this ? rl kay    
synthetic gene transfer vectors . 1993 jp behr acc . chem .  
identification and estimation of the triangular simultaneous equations model in the absence of 2003.0 r klein   f vella   
zwischenbericht zum forschungsbericht â ?? kã ¶ rpererleben in tonrã $ umenâ ?? p wiedemann   r beckner   b fliegener   f janofske    berlin   technical university    
epidemic carbon monoxide poisoning following a winter storm journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 pm houck   nb hampson   
meeting the market for quality evaluation in education a ginsburg new directions for program evaluation   1992.0    
an investigation of age and gender differences in physical self-concept among turkish late 2002.0 adolescence-san diego -   2002   
program abstract for neer grant de-fg-07-99id13781 university of wisconsin   jp blanchard   
dg holloway jw johnson phil . mag    
computing pagerank in a distributed internet search engine system proc . of vldbâ ?? 04 conf   y wang   d dewitt   
hematoma of the rectus abdominis muscle : case report and review of the literature il dubinsky journal of emergency medicine   1997.0    
variations in decision makers ' use of information sources : the impact of quality and accessibility ca o'reilly iii the academy of management journal     1982.0 
digital apparition electronic culture   v flusser   
phytolith analysis : an archaeological and geological perspective : academic press san diego   dr piperno   
the mice project : multimedia integrated conferencing for europe ( mice ) cd schulz 1994.0  proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;    
retrieval of horizontal wind field in stratiform precipitation by conical scannings from two doppler g scialom  conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
l â ?? ing   pd   and \ \ â ?? a   sbâ ?? query optimization in star computer networks   â ?? l kcrschhcrg acm trans . database  
a technology for thermoelectric devices based on electroplated v-vi materials m jaegle at    
north carolina   page 24 - fcw co at age      
the viterbi algorithm gd fomey proc . ieee    
the erosion of federal program evaluation new directions for program evaluation   hs havens   
relational data sharing in peer-based data management systems b ooi  sigmod record   2003.0 
effective training of program evaluators : a mixture of art and science 1980.0 ed brown new directions for program evaluation    
two-layer model explaining the properties of srtio 3 boundary layer capacitors r wernicke see    
current market outlook seattle   washington   february   bc airplanes   
dynamic content acceleration : a caching solution to enable scalable dynamic web page generation 2001.0 a datta   k dutta   k ramamritham   h thomas   d sigmod conference    
modeling piano sound using digital waveguide filtering techniques ge garnett proc . int . computer music    
effects of the eastern marmara earthquake on the marine structures and coastal areas   report 3 y yuksel   z alkis   e cevik   ac yalciner alciner   b   2001.0 
alternative assessment in a mathematics course nj simpson new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0    
a structural approach for the definition of semantics of active database p fraernali   l tanca acm tods    
surgical treatment for meniscal injuries of the knee in adults cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 jr howell   hh handoll   
iterative residual rescaling : an analysis and generalization proceedings of acm sigir   r ando   l lee   
multi-join optimization for symmetric multiprocessors proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   ej shekita   hc young   kl tan  1993.0 
toward learning based web query processing 2000.0 y diao   h lu   s chen   z tian vldb    
demonstration : enabling scalable online personalization on the web k dutta proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2000.0 
the just-war tradition in the postâ ?? cold war era.â ?? 1994.0 p casuistry   
network security essentials   ( 2000 ) prentice hall w stallings   
interprocedural dependence analysis and parallelization m burke   r cytron   
age-related differences and change in positive and negative affect over 23 years journal of personality and social psychology   st charles   ca reynolds   m gatz  2001.0 
rehist : relative error histogram construction algorithms s guha   k shim   j woo proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0    
ayguad e   e.   and valero   m. improved spill code generation for software pipelined loops j zalamea   j llosa  procs . of the programming languages design and  
predicting foreign exchange rates with support vector regression machines msc thesis . computer science department   university of b guesde   
sub hash g. mechanical alloying of w-hf-ti alloys   tungsten refract . met-1994 proc . int . conf   2nd   dg edelman   bj palatka  1995.0 
andm . mehta . sprint : ascalableparallel classifier fordata mining . in 22 nd j shafer   r agrawal vldb proceedings   bombay   india    
an adaptive control of lum smoother 2000.0 r lukac radioengineering-prague -    
visualization in scientific computing acm sigbio newsletter   bh mccormick  1988.0 
changes in red cell oxygen release capacity in diabetes mellitus fed proc   1979.0 j ditzel   
the ssã · - tree : an improved index structure for similarity searches in a high-dimensional feature r kurniawati   js jin   ja shepherd   
pharmacological treatment for aphasia following stroke ( cochrane review ) j greener   p enderby   r whurr cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
extensions of a theory of networks for approximation and learning : outliers and negative examples t poggio   f girosi  technical report aim1220   artificial intelligence laboratory    
selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( ssris ) versus other antidepressants for depression cochrane database syst rev   jr geddes   n freemantle   j mason   mp eccles   j   
gramatiky a jazyky m ceska   z rabova technical university of brno      
positive provocative discography as a misleading finding in the evaluation of low back pain nass proceedings   e carragee   c tanner   d vittum   d kim   
attachment chemistry of organic molecules on si ( 111 ) -7 7 f tao   gq xu acc . chem . res   2004.0 
what can hierarchies do for data warehouses ? proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   hv jagadish   lvs lakshmanan   d srivastava  1999.0 
on clustering and retrieval of video shots cw ngo   tc pong   
network architecture design for back-end storage networks rw watson ieee computer      
radar meteorology training at the us national weather service training center dl covey & hellip ; on radar meteorology   zurich   switzerland   amer . meteor . soc    
three-dimensional internet developments 1997.0 m crossley bt technology journal    
a moose and a fox can aid scientists with data management problems   1993 j wiener   y ioannidis submitted for  
stlucia area   key facts  2001.0 
regulation of alternative splicing of alpha-actinin transcript by bruno-like proteins genes to cells   2002.0 h suzuki   y jin   h otani   k yasuda   k inoue   
dynamic resource allocation for multi-user query execution 1995.0 dl davison   
polynomial filtering in latent semantic indexing for information retrieval proceedings of acm sigir   e kokiopoulou   y saad  2004.0 
mediametro : browsing multimedia document collections with a 3d city metaphor proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   p chiu   a girgensohn   s lertsithichai   w polak   f  2005.0 
ties that bind jm wexler computerworld      
an array-based algorithm for simultaneous multidimensional aggregates y zhao   pm deshpande   jf naughton 1997.0  sigmod conference    
modeling and simulating semiconductor devices using vhdl-ams proc . ieee/acm bmas   h carter   
wanxian yangtze bridge . struct . eng . int . ( iabse   zurich   switzerland )   g yan   zh yang   
the mechanics of ship collisions z shengming denmark   technical university of denmark      
cd-rom . 2000 ed california : microsoft   e encyclopedia   
easyliving : ubiquitous computing & the role of geometry b brumitt   j krumm   b meyers   s shafer   
a review and empirical analysis of feature weighting methods for a class of lazy learning algorithms d wettschereck   dw aha   t mohri  artificial intelligence review    
provision of market services for eco compliant electronic market places sigmod record   s arpinar   a dogac  2000.0 
union responses to nafta in the us and canada : explaining intra-and international variation mobilization-san diego -   1998.0 m dreiling   i robertson   
koorde : a simple degree-optimal distributed hash table mf kaashoek   dr karger lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
dylan thomas wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 r maud   
macrocultures : determinants and consequences e abrahamson   cj fombrun  the academy of management review   1994.0 
the determinants of goal commitment ea locke   gp latham   m erez 1988.0  the academy of management review    
what 's in the middle ? sp benns   baf crawford   m touman 1999.0  bt technology journal    
the universal relation revisited ( technical correspondence ) w kent acm transactions on database systems ( tods )     1983.0 
the pc magazine 100 most influential companies pc magazine   j kirchner   
managers ` perceptions of subordinates ' competence as a function of personal value orientations j senger  the academy of management journal   1971.0 
finding pearls in an ocean of data r scheier  computerworld    
seasonal grazing of locoweeds by cattle in northeastern new mexico mh ralphs   d graham   rj molyneux   lf james journal of range management     1993.0 
program evaluation new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 je sieber   
internet protocol version 6 ( ipv6 )   2000   microsoft windows 2000 tcp/ip protocols and services microsoft t lee   j davies   
wangy ( 2000 ) niagaracq : a scalable continuous query system for internet databases j chen   dt dewitt   f tian  proceedings of the acm sigmod  
multiprocessor hash-based join algorithms proc . vldb r gerber   d dewitt   
chandrinoskvandspyropouloscd ( 2000b ) anexperimentalcomparisonofnaive bayesian and keyword-based anti kj androutsopoulosi  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir  
on the propagation of errors in the size of join results   acm sigmod intl y ioannidis   s christodoulakis conference on management of data      
the feminine technique in is m johnson computerworld      
dj   and gerber   r   â ?? multlprocessor hash-based jom algorithms   â ?? d dewitt proc  
query execution techniques forcaching expensive methods proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conferenceon managementof jm hellerstein   j naughton   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?a decomposition storage model.   '' gp copeland   sn koshafian  proceedings of acm-sigmod 1985 international conference on & hellip ;    
bionomics of the diamondback moth in the northwestern himalaya op bhalla   jk dubey see . ref    
employer perceptions of the wisconsin employability skills certificate pilot program wj horbinski   2000.0 
nonoblivious hashing a fiat   m naor   jp schmidt   a siegel journal of the acm ( jacm )     1992.0 
gender differences in ability to decode emotional messages g christie july   athens   greece.   paper presented at the european & hellip ;    
the self-sufficiency project at 36 months : effects on children of a program that increased parental p morris   c michalopoulos 2000.0    
d   gerber   b   graefe   g   heytens   m   kumar   k and m murahknshna   â ?? gamma-a high performance dataflow d dewitt proceedings of the 1986 vldb conference   japan   august  
beyond the traditional query operators ( poster session ) c ding   ch chi  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 
deconstructing binary race and sex categories : a comparison of the multiracial and transgendered ja greenberg san diego law review   2002.0 
autocorrelation properties of correlation immune boolean functions s maitra 2001.0  lecture notes in computer science    
authenticity and positivity strivings in marriage and courtship wb swann   c de la ronde   jg hixon 1994.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
building intelligent agents that learn to retrieve and extract information t eliassi-rad  2001.0 
reinforced polymers for structural engineering in canada . ma erki struct . eng . int . ( iabse   zurich   switzerland )    
acute inflammation in gram-negative infection : endotoxin   interleukin 1   tumor necrosis factor   and 1987.0 hz movat   mi cybulsky   ig colditz   mk chan   ca fed proc    
spravochnik khimika tom i   bp nikolsky   
body condition   ovarian hierarchies   and their relation to egg formation in anseriform and galliform proc . int . ornithol . congress   vg thomas   
on william gaddis : in recognition of james joyce wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   b benstock  1965.0 
parallel mining of association rules r agrawal   jc shafer    
coping with stress : divergent strategies of optimists and pessimists mf scheier   jk weintraub   cs carver journal of personality and social psychology     1986.0 
decision validation and emotional layers on fuzzy boolean networksâ ? cents jab tomã ©    
star rg ross  computerworld   1981.0 
teamwork is the key to concurrent design l maliniak  electronic design    
there 's method in cases the academy of management review   1978.0 ji reynolds   
a geochronological   geochemical   and mineralogical study of some tertiary plutonic rocks of the kg kyriakopoulos 1987.0    
concepts   activities and issues of policy-based communications management mdj cox   rg davison bt technology journal   1999.0 
issues in multimedia databases proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   hv jagadish  1993.0 
an adaptive congestion control mechanism for intelligent broadband networks 2001.0 se polykalas   gt kolyvas   is venieris computer networks    
bargaining power   management control   and performance in united states-china joint ventures : a 1994.0 a yan   b gray the academy of management journal    
a fast algorithm for high-dimensional similarity joins k shim   r srikant   r agrawal technical report   ibm almaden research center      
voting over non-linear taxes in a stylized representative democracy . h bohn   c stuart university of california at santa barbara   mimeo    
a developmental psychopathology perspective on vulnerability to personality disorders tc geiger   nr crick vulnerability to psychopathology     2001.0 
g-whiz   a visual interface for the functional model with recursion j paredaens   p peelman   l tanca  proc . 11th int . conference on very large databases   stockolm    
noaa/nasa pathfinder avhrr land data set user 's manual . goddard distributed active archive center   pa agbu   me james    
pruning decision trees with misclassification costs jp bradford   c kunz   r kohavi   c brunk   ce brodley  lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
retrieval   â ?? a kiryakov   b popov   i terziev   d manov   d elevierâ ?? s journal of web    
stereology : a demonstration of some basic principles and applications part of a demonstration presented at the meeting of the & hellip ;   tm mayhew   gh cope   ma williams   m mahon   lm cruz -   
cytokine gene polymorphisms and relevance to forms of rejection 1999.0 iv hutchinson   v pravica   c perrey   p sinnott transplantation proceedings    
shaping alternative loan programs . 1982.0 am hauptman new directions for higher education    
a systematic study of quercus parvula greene on santa cruz island and mainland california 1980.0 kc nixon   
scalable browsing for large collections : a case study gw paynter   ih witten   sj cunningham   g buchanan    
non-monotonic knowledge evolution in vlkdbs c esculier vldb     1990.0 
more children 's literature to promote citizenship in the upper and middle grades . social studies and the young learner   al sandmann   jf ahern  1997.0 
xml and information retrieval : d carmel   y maarek   a softer sigmod record     2001.0 
is this a quadrisect mesh proceedings of acm solid modeling symposium   g taubin   
continuing professional education : a spiritually based program lw miller 2000.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
serum trimethoprim and sulphamethoxazole levels in aids . lancet i   fj bowden   pj harman   cr lucas  1986.0 
strengthening the student aid system in the community colleges . r johnson  new directions for higher education   1982.0 
the protozoan nucleus   morphology and evolution 1982.0 ib raikov   
hyper-books and visual-books in an electronic library electronic library   1993.0 m landoni   
the 1980-81 washington pre-college counselors guide rj noeth seattle : washington pre-college test program    
alternative transport architecture for core atm networks pa veitch bt technology journal   1998.0 
competition   communication or culture ? explaining three decades of foreign economic policy diffusion b simmons   z elkins unpublished manuscript    
naã ¯ ve-network aware internet video encoding proc . acm multimedia   hm briceo   s gortle   l mcmillan   
capture and age determination method for the gadwall ( anas strepera ) rj blohm   1977.0 
comm . v. weeks   430 us 73   83-84 ( 1977 ) . in this context   â ?? plenaryâ ?? does not mean â ?? absolute   â ?? dt bus   
speaker recognition based on idiolectal differences between speakers g doddingtonâ ? ¦   
a distributed execution environment for shared java objects n erdogan   ye selcuk   o sahingoz information and software technology   2004.0 
1993 a cypher watch what i do : programming by  
the influence of mechanical stress on graft healing in a bone tunnel k yamakado   k kitaoka   h yamada   k hashiba   r arthroscopy-new york -   2002.0    
estimate of the degree of contamination of water during storage of vitrified radioactive wastes in li anisimova   vv kulichenko   nv krylova   lb at .  
ernesn 2000 biomagnetic systems for clinical use s della penna   c del gratta   c granata   a phil .  
the halo effect and technology licensing : the influence of institutional prestige on the licensing 2003.0 wd sine   s shane   d di gregorio management science    
alkaline metal complexes as electron-injecting layer in organic el devices proc . int . conf . adv. tech . polym.   j endo   j kido   t matsumoto   
source acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) archive g wiederhold acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1990.0    
may 1979 jl white   n perspective  mit laboratory for computer science   from proceedings of the  
what should introductory courses do ? . mw gregory 1984.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
the composition of boards of directors and strategic control : effects on corporate strategy 1990.0 b baysinger   re hoskisson the academy of management review    
an alternative approach to resource classification a arik proc . 28th intern . symp . computer applications in the & hellip ;    
hard-won lessons in program evaluation m scriven new directions for program evaluation   1993.0 
cancer incidence and survival among children and adolescents : united states seer program 1975-1995   lag ries   ma smith   jg gurney   m linet   t tamra   md      
parallel index building in informix online 6.0 w davison   
kelly . a. & williamson   gk ( 1960 ) j washburn  phil . mag    
regularization of mellin-type inverse problems with an application to oil engeneering   february 2004 o hansen   s fischer   r ramlau   
the struggle for the american curriculum ( 1893-1958 ) h kliebard    
active and adaptive base station antennas for mobile communication seminar and demonstration on adaptive antennas and antenna & hellip ;   b johanisson   
hop-count filtering : an effective defense against spoofed ddos traffic proceedings of acm conference on computer and communications & hellip ;   2003.0 c jin   h wang   k shin   
explaining the variance in the performance effects of privatization a cuervo   b villalonga 2000.0  academy of management review    
ultrastructural localization ofl-fucose residues in nuclei of root primordia of the green peapisum the histochemical journal   h chamberland   jg lafontaine  1992.0 
toxicity assessment of waters from macquarie harbour   western tasmania   using algae   invertebrates mount lyell remediation research and demonstration program   & hellip ;   jl stauber   m ahsanullah   b nowak   tm florence   
pm4d final report m fischer   c kam 2002.0    
theory construction as disciplined imagination the academy of management review   1989.0 ke weick   
pre-scheme : a scheme dialect for systems programming ra kelsey submitted for publication   1992.0 
do progressive taxes really promote wage moderation a rdseth unpublished manuscript      
vuw departmentofcomputerscience information and software technology   pjl wallis  1994.0 
maximum a posteriori ( map ) estimator for polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) processes h kakavand   doâ ?? brien   a hassibi   th lee   
hierarchical classification of web content s dumain   h chen proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;    
cogeneration of heat and electricity h fragopoulos   e karidoyiannis   g karalis  athens   greece : greek productivity center    
review of load-flow calculation methods proc . ieee   b stott   
sip and h. 323â ?? interworking voip networks 2001.0 a stephens   pj cordell bt technology journal    
explaining the evidence : tests of the story model for juror decision making n pennington   r hastie journal of personality and social psychology      
sources of conflict between work and family roles 1985.0 jh greenhaus   nj beutell the academy of management review    
characterizing and modeling the cost of rework in a library of reusable software components vr basili   se condon   k el emam   rb hendrick   w proc int conf software eng   1997.0    
tenosynovitis of the wrist gaw gooding a sonographic demonstration . j ultrasound    
on optimizing an sql-like nested query acm transactions on database systems   w kim  1982.0 
using children 's diaries to teach the oregon trial . middle level learning . rm wymanâ ? ¦  social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large data databases s guha   r rastogi   k shim proc . of the acm sigmod      
stressful life events and use of physician services among the elderly : the moderating role of pet jm siegel journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0    
creating your reflection map new directions for higher education   2001.0 j eyler   
a survey on job coachesâ ?? perceptions and attitudes to facilitate coworker natural supports for jh kim  2001.0 
learning collection fusion strategies em voorhees   nk gupta   b johnson-laird proceedings of the 18th annual international acm sigir & hellip ;     1995.0 
database cost analysis : a topdown approach th merrett  proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   1977.0 
baton : a balanced tree structure for peer-to-peer networks proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 hv jagadish   bc ooi   qh vu   
network externalities and the provision of composite it goods supporting the e-commerce 1999.0 jm gallaugher electronic markets    
alternative tests of agency theories of callable corporate bonds l crabbe    
additional statistics on the dimensions of the chesapeake bay and tributaries : crosssection widths wb cronin   dw pritchard  md    
implementation aspects of an object-oriented dbms a dogac   m altinel   c ozkan   i durusoy sigmod record   1995.0 
bilateral hypoglossal nerve palsies following head injury journal of emergency medicine   rj brennan   jp shirley   js compton  1993.0 
huron college : an intergenerational program . new directions for higher education   1980.0 wf price   jd bromert   
the evolution of the web and implications for an incremental crawler . september   2000 26th intl. conf . on very large j cho   h garcia-molina   
reconceptualizing mentoring at work : a developmental network perspective mc higgins   ke kram 2001.0  academy of management review    
polar t   rectopolar t a averbuch   rr coifman   dl donoho   m israeli   j and applications . technical report   stanford university      
an applied-calculus for iteration templates h simmons   
architectural accessibility : matching places to people . rw anderson   m coons new directions for higher education   1979.0 
age and the recognition of facial expressions of emotion j green   p ekman unpublished manuscript    
construction   demolition & land clearing market assessment : gypsum wallboard ( # cld-95-1 ) cw center seattle washington : june      
aspects of the absurd in gunter grass wg cunliffe 1966.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
realistic scheduling : compaction for pipelined architectures a nicolau   
metu object-oriented database system a dogacâ ? ¦  demo description   in the proc . acm sigmod intl. conf . on & hellip ;    
the text encoding initiative guidelines and their application to building digital libraries ( n ide   j klavans proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   1996.0    
muhiprocessor hash-based join algorithms proc . 1985 vldb conference   stockholm   sweden   sept   d dewitt   r gerber   
tapes hold data too : challenges on tertiary storage mj carey   lm hass   m livny sigmod record      
element evaluation in resistive networks ja starzyk   h dai proc . 28th midwest symp . circuits  
optimizing candidate check costs for bitmap indices d rotem   k stockinger   k wu 2005.0  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
improved fine structure in immunolabeled cryosections after modifying the sectioning and pick-up w liou   jw slot proc . int . conf . electr . microsc    
casdal : cas sm 's da ta l anguage syw su   a emam  acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1978.0 
duplicate detection in information dissemination t yan   h garcia-molina  proceedings of very large databases ( vldbâ ?? 95 ) conference   & hellip ;    
steroids for treating tuberculous pleurisy pt matchaba   j volmink cochrane database syst . rev   2000.0 
nearest-neighbor search in medical image databases f korn   n sidiropoulos   c faloutsos   e siegel   z proc . conf . very large data bases ( vldb )      
beam profile measurements at 40mhz in the ps to sps transfer channel g ferioli   jj gras    
a combined storm overflow structure : design procedure g oliveto   m fiorentino   g mininni   
predicting software reliability w alan ieee computer      
influence of reciprocal electromechanical transduction on outer hair cell admittance ek weitzel   r tasker   we brownell    
temporal and selective association of multiple sigma factors with rna polymerase during sporulation m fujita 2000.0  genes to cells    
its thrashing behavior a thomasian   tpl performance acm tods      
linear clustering of objects with multiple attributes proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   hv jagadish  1990.0 
removal of no x by corona discharge induced by sharp rising nanosecond pulse voltage s masuda   y wu  proc int conf electrostatics   oxford    
blending two cultures : state legislative auditing and evaluation ra brooks new directions for program evaluation      
storage estimation of multidimensional aggregates in a data warehouse environment b shah   k ramachandran   v raghavan   
a toolkit for constructing type-and constraint-based program analyses lecture notes in computer science   a aiken   m faehndrich   js foster   z su  1998.0 
tappi pulp . conf sj szegda  1994.0 
cambridge : cambridge university press ; 2000 gb regulation   
information technology diffusion : a review of empirical research rg fichman   
b 5500 manual   university of washington computer center   seattle   g kildall & equil   apl preliminary   
the dependence of lipochrome-formation in birds on plant carotenoids o vã ¶ lker proc int ornithol congr    
for whom is liberal education produced ? . new directions for higher education   dw breneman  1994.0 
film criticism and micro-computer courseware evaluation gm della-piana  new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 
the tectonic and volcanic contributions to abyssal hill topography : a study on the east pacific rise rt alexander university of california   santa barbara      
materialized view selection for multi-cube data models a shukla   p deshpande   jf naughton    
in x-ray microfocusing : applications and technique pj eng   m newville   ml rivers   sr sutton mcnulty   i.      
assimilation and contrast in the anchoring effect : implicit attributions about accessibility i skurnik   n schwarz   d park   a galinsky unpublished manuscript      
task complexity : a review and analysis dj campbell the academy of management review   1988.0    
music therapy for people with dementia ac vink   js birks   ms bruinsma   rj scholten  cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
multaprocessor hash-based join algorithms d dewltt   r gerber proc of the 1985 vldb conf   stockholm   sweden   aug    
use of slag for dye removal kr ramakrishna   t viraraghavan waste    
automatic film genre classification s fischer   w effelsberg proc . acm multimedia      
asnapshot differential refresh algorithm b lindsay   l haas   c mohan proceedings of the acmsigmod international conference on    
tertiary storage support for large-scale multidimensional array database management systems b reiner   k hahn    
investigative journalism methods in educational evaluation 1982.0 de nelson new directions for program evaluation    
magmatic evolution of the pine grove porphyry molybdenum system   southwestern utah [ ph. d. thesis ] : university of wisconsin   jd keith   
cultural variations in the cross-border transfer of organizational knowledge : an integrative 2002.0 rs bhagat   bl kedia   pd harveston   hc triandis academy of management review    
the national curriculum and the two cultures : towards a humanistic perspective d hall geography      
august . congestion avoidance and control computer communications review   proceedings of acm sigcomm   v jacobson   
self-other judgments and perceived vulnerability to victimization ls perloff   bk fetzer journal of personality and social psychology   1986.0    
dialogue specification and control : a review of models and techniques dt clarke   gp crum information and software technology   1994.0 
a laboratory study of the absorption of light by lake waters hr james   1938.0 
using segmented right-deep trees for the execution of pipelined hash joins proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   ms chen   ml lo   ps yu   hc young  1992.0 
legal and government implications of the ers standards for program evaluation new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 j cahn   
a dynamic programming approach to optimal integrated code generation c kessler   a bednarski    
on finding duplication in strings and software submitted for bs baker   
popytka slovaria noveishikh naimenovaniiâ ® rm   magazinov   parikmakherskikh i pr . poimenovannykh i t nikolaeva  unpublished manuscript    
teaching in the information age : the role of electronic technology mj albright   dl graf new directions for teaching and  
guidelines for designing information visualization applications d carr proceedings of ecue      
modellierung dynamischer aspekte mit dem objekt-prozess-modell r burkhardt technical university ilmenau   germany    
apollo streaks through the workstation market c thames electronic bus    
generating schedules and code within a unified reordering transformation framework   university of w kelly   w pugh  md    
query processing for high-volume xml message brokering proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 y diao   m franklin   
information access for context-aware appliances ( poster session ) gjf jones   pj brown 2000.0  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;    
on the computation of multidimensional aggregates s agarwal   r agrawal   p deshpande   a gupta   jf  & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ;   1996.0 
steroids for treating cerebral malaria 2000.0 k prasad   p garner cochrane database syst rev    
psychology and the american ideal 1977.0 ee sampson journal of personality and social psychology    
key agreement protocols and their security analysis lecture notes in computer science   s blake-wilson   d johnson   a menezes  1997.0 
concatenate   reverse and map vanish for free j voigtlander   
direct measurement of localized joule heating in silicon devices by means of newly developed high a yasuda   h yamaguchi   y tanabe   n owada   s proc . int . rel   1991.0    
in the information age aa livanis editions   athens greece p anastasiades   
organizational learning and diversification jm pennings   h barkema   s douma 1994.0  the academy of management journal    
texcp : responsive yet stable traffic engineering s kandula   d katabi  proc . acm sigcomm    
mdx-mac and building fast macs from hash functions b preneel   pc van oorschot lecture notes in computer science     1995.0 
workflow history management . sigmod record   1998.0 acms anthology   
h-trees : a dynamic associative search index for oodb . cc low   bc ooi   h lu    
sociotechnical theory : an alternative framework for evaluation j farley 1991.0  new directions for program evaluation    
an optimal and progressive algorithm for skyline queries d papadias   y tao   g fu   b seeger sigmod conference   2003.0 
an ultrahigh rate digital tape recorder for spacecraft applications 1973.0 cr thompson   rj treadwell   c powell & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings    
improving interactional organizational research : a model of person-organization fit 1989.0 ja chatman the academy of management review    
this changing world : hong kong c speak  geography    
projectively invariant symbol map and cohomology of vector fields lie algebras intervening in pba lecomte   v ovsienko   
multiresolution terrain database visualization k xu    
control and collaboration : paradoxes of governance c sundaramurthy   m lewis 2003.0  academy of management review    
handbuch des fachsprachenunterrichts   narr   tã 1/4 bingen   2000 r buhlmann   a fearns    
migrate   documentation and program   part of lamarc 0.9 p beerli   1997.0 
readers rate the web m miller pc    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?pseudo - maximum likelihood estimation of digital sequences in the presence of intersymbol hr sadjadpour   cl weber  proc . 28th annu . asilomar conf . signals   systems   and & hellip ;    
fatal spontaneous rupture of a gravid uterus : case report and literature review of uterine rupture journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 s suner   l jagminas   jf peipert   j linakis   
usur halici sigmod record   pt method  1987.0 
building new partnerships for employment : collaboration among agencies and public housing residents ly kato   ja riccio 2001.0    
blueprint for school retention in the middle grades 1987.0 k sherwood   
lost and found in cyberspace : informational privacy in the age of the internet se gindin san diego law review     1997.0 
calibration of scintillation cells for radon-222 measurements ( abstract only ) k aakko   e oksanen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;     1991.0 
a novel growth and cell cycle-regulated protein activates human cdc7-related kinase and is essential h kumagai   n sato   m yamada   d mahony   w seghezzi   1998.0    
g.   possingham   l v. 1973 . te fine structure of avocado plastids d crin    
national marine fisheries service alaska fisheries science center   seattle   de stevenson   
concerning the influence of diffusion on the electro-crystallization of metals & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;   1973.0 m braun   
vulcan a edwards   a srivastava   h vo  technical report msr-tr-99-76   microsoft research ( msr )   jan. .  
software evolution management : a process-oriented perspective ds hinley information and software technology    
the evolution of human intrasexual competition : tactics of mate attraction dm buss journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
relevance feedback in xml retrieval h pan    
incremental test collections b carterette   j allan    
a performance analysis of alternative multi-attribute declustering strategies s ghandeharizadeh   dj dewitt   w qureshi    
using the tools of philosophy : metaphor in action ca lane 1982.0  new directions for program evaluation    
program personnel : the missing ingredient in describing the program environment ka peterson   l bickman 1988.0  new directions for program evaluation    
glucocorticoids for croup k russell   n wiebe   a saenz   sm ausejo   d johnson   cochrane database syst rev   2004.0    
inc. â ?? dynamic content acceleration : a caching solution to enable scalable dynamic web page c technologies proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on mgmt . of data    
acupuncture for idiopathic headache d melchart   k linde   p fischer   b berman   a white   2001.0  cochrane database syst rev    
using middle - c ware   ot work  sigmod record   1995.0 
scalable coherent interface d scheme  ieee computer    
a hidden markov model retrieval system drh miller   t leek   rm schwartz proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;      
a uniform approach for the definition of security properties lecture notes in computer science   r focardi   f martinelli  1999.0 
odontogenic ghost cell tumor : a case report with cytologic findings md   2000.0 ch stone   ar gaba   ms benninger   rj zarbo   
the electronic library and literacy . jk olsen new directions for higher education     1992.0 
analysis of an nn + low-high junction and the application to integrated injection logic devices tl gannon ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1980.0 
recovering feature and observer position by projected error refinement 1998.0 gs bestor   
fiz kg shkadinskii   bi khaikin   ag merzhanov goreniya i  
altinel 2 asuman dogac software research and development center middle east technical university   b ozen    
the adoption and use of national information infrastructure : a social network and stakeholder s nambisan   r agarwal    
optimal nesting for computation n-relational joins t ibaraki   t kameda acm trans . on database systems    
tackling malnutrition : what can targeted nutritional interventions achieve ? g kumar   f stewart poverty in india   oxford university press   bombay      
concise papers assbo algorithm  ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
menstruation   reattribution   and competence j rodin journal of personality and social psychology   1976.0    
andm j gripp   p bernasconi   c chan   kl sherman zirngibl   \ \ demonstration of a 1tb/s optical packet switch    
qos control versus generous dimensioning bt technology journal   2005.0 dm johnson   
measuring and testing program philosophy kj conrad   tq miller  new directions for program evaluation   1987.0 
running microsoft word 2000 1999.0 c rubin   
search engines   spiders   and web crawlers computerworld   m schwartz   
sound partners : a reading tutoring program for first-grade at-risk readers pf vadasy   s wayne   re oâ ?? connor   jr jenkins   k  2000.0 
using de-optimization to re-optimize code s hines    
bug isolation via remote program sampling b liblit   a aiken   ax zheng   mi jordan    
interventions for treating chronic pelvic pain in women cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 rw stones   j mountfield   
potato tuber necrotic ringspot disease . varietal differences in appearance of ringspot necrosis m kus proc eapr meeting vitoria-gasteiz   29th june-3rd july      
learning styles : implications for distance learning wb james   dl gardner  new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0 
niagaracq : a scalable continuous query system for internet databases 2000.0 j chen   dj dewitt   f tian   y wang sigmod conference    
mate : multipath adaptive traffic engineering 2002.0 a elwalid   c jin   s low   i widjaja computer networks    
metu object-oriented database system   demo description a dogac proceedings of acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data   & hellip ;      
clusterbook   a tool for dual information access ( demonstration session ) g mureå?an   dj harper   a gã ¶ ker   p lowit proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;     2000.0 
digitisation of exam papers a hampson   s pinfield   i upton 1999.0  electronic library    
accuracy and bias in self-perception : individual differences in self-enhancement and the role of 1994.0 op john   rw robins journal of personality and social psychology    
program design . fd van aalst new directions for higher education     1974.0 
optimization techniques for queries with expensive methods acm transactions on database systems   1998.0 jm hellerstein   
axin   an inhibitor of the wnt signalling pathway   interacts with - catenin   gsk-3 and apc and t nakamura   f hamada   t ishidate   k anai   k 1998.0  genes to cells    
the institutional edge : how capital market rules influence work organization and competitive us department of labor   bureau of international affairs   s christopherson   
the design and evaluation of a high-performance soft keyboard alternative to qwerty s mackenzie   sx zhang proceedings of acm chi    
additional resources . j duley new directions for higher education   1974.0 
poetry   1965 wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   sf morse  1966.0 
poetic baldness and its cure . jeg zetzel  md    
review of current regulation techniques for three-phase pwm inverters mp kazmierkowski   ma dzieniakowski  iecon-proceedings -   1994.0 
women at work-experiences and identity in rural east germany b van hoven 2001.0  area    
information literacy and accreditation : a middle states association perspective . hl simmons  new directions for higher education   1992.0 
investment in facility flexibility under uncertain competitor market entry rm franza   c gaimon   
rights of tods readers   authors and reviewers 2002.0 rt snodgrass sigmod record    
video portals for the next century ( panel session ) r koenen   h yu   a zakhor   f galliano   c bouman   n 1999.0  proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ;    
influence of symbolically modeled instrumental aggression and pain cues on aggressive behavior dp hartmann journal of personality and social psychology   1969.0    
foreground object detection from videos containing complex background l li   w huang   iyh gu   q tian  proceedings of acm multimedia 2003.0 
optimal histograms for limiting worst-case error propagation in the size of join results 1993.0 s christodoulakis acm transactions on database systems    
utilizing unilateral and multilateral groups to enhance program development . ms charuhas new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
on-line handwriting recognition using character bigram match vectors a el-nasan    
the effect of altered sex ratios on the spawning of red salmon.â ?? in : studies of alaska red salmon ( 1962.0 oa mathisen   
qualifications of evaluators : a federal perspective w lohr new directions for program evaluation     1980.0 
data parallel fortran j sanzâ ? ¦ technical report   ibm almaden research center   march    
epidemic algorithms in replicated databases r steinke    
microsoft windows 2000 security technical reference 2000.0 d clark   
compiling control into queries for parallel execution management bs pascale   d benoã ® t   c carla & hellip ; conference on parallel and distributed information systems & hellip ;      
characterization of the c. elegans gap-2 gene encoding a novel ras-gtpase activating protein and its s hayashizaki   y iino   m yamamoto genes to cells   1998.0    
an efficient i/o interface for optical disks acm transactions on database systems   1985.0 js vitter   
the vb5 interface bt technology journal   ma hale   at gillespie   ka james  1998.0 
quantitative description of spatially homogeneous textures by characteristic grey level co - g gimel ` farb 2000.0  & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems    
measuring child   adolescent   and family service use bj burns   a angold   ej costelloâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation      
traces of culture : searchbots scour the web looking for visual information 2004.0 s wilson proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
qcdnum15 : a fast qcd evolution program m botje to  
object-oriented querrying of existing relational databases da keim   hp kriegel   a miethsam    
continuum of literacy program models : alternative approaches for low-literate welfare recipients lg martin new directions for adult and continuing education     1999.0 
tsai hg yan & hellip ; mechanism of adenylate kinase . demonstration of a functional    
toward a psychological structure of human values sh schwartz   w bilsky journal of personality and social psychology      
the temperature dependence of radiation sensitivity of large molecules es kempner   r wood   r salovey   
surgical interventions for age-related cataract ( cochrane review ) t snellingen   jr evans   t ravilla   a foster  cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
incremental development : review of nonmonolithic life-cycle development models . dr graham information and software technology   1989.0    
the shaping of menâ ?? s minds : adaptations to the imperatives of culture see ref   ya cohen   
and social programs 1980.0 t evaluators new directions for program evaluation    
ly uy-loi   et al. design of localizer capture and track hold for a transport airplane : an hâ ?? / ltr bm chen   a saberi proc . of the 29th conference on design and control     1990.0 
topology optimization methods with applications in mechanism   mems and material design 2001.0 o sigmund   
the human element in computerized conferencing systems sr hiltz  computer networks    
evidence of energetic reaction between helium and hydrogen species in rf generated plasmas j phillips   c chen   
sql-like operator for mining association rules r meo   g psaila   s ceri   a new proceedings of international conference on very large & hellip ;    
â ?? a review of complementary transistor circuits ras is electronic design    
evidence for turonian rift related extensional subsidence and tertiary backthrusting : the almopias i sharp   ahf robertson bull . geol . soc . greece   athens    
mentoring : an adult developmental perspective new directions for teaching and learning   ml otto  1994.0 
a structured approach for the definition of the semantics of active databases . tech . pep . 95-028   p fraternali   l tanca  acm trans . database syst . ( to appear )    
relativistic astrophysics in black hole and low-mass neutron star binaries ltsa98 w cui   2000.0 
morse   â ?? m hopper csp demonstration  
age classique ( paris : gallimard   1972 )   90 h foucault   
biopsychosocial rehabilitation for upper limb repetitive strain injuries in working age adults k karjalainen   a malmivaara   m van tulder   r roine cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
cmm and tods r snodgrass sigmod record   2005.0 
key facts rl escobar   d party   p radical area   2001.0 
short-term treatment with proton pump inhibitors   h2-receptor antagonists and prokinetics for gastro b van pinxteren   me numans   pa bonis   j lau cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
optimistic strategies for large-scale dissemination of multimedia information r yavatkar   l manoj   
the organizational impact of profit sharing the academy of management review   gw florkowski  1987.0 
fast high-dimensional data search in incomplete databases 1998.0 bc ooi   ch goh   kl tan vldb    
l. oâ ?? gorman   â ?? an object model for image recognition   â ?? hv jagadish  ieee computer    
idi : informative summarization of differences in multidimensional aggregates s sarawagi    
some adaptations in the nesting behavior of terns jm cullen  proc . int . omithol . congr    
taking diversity seriously : new developments in teaching for diversity new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 llb border   
social exclusion goes digital ? a critical reconceptualisation of the â ?? digital divideâ ?? r gill   ac pratt association of american geographers annual conference   new & hellip ;      
on the performance of bitmap indices for high cardinality attributes 2004.0 k wu   e otoo   a shoshani proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
synchrotron radiation applications in mineralogy and petrology : selection of papers 1988.0 ss augustithis   
the late quaternary environmental history of the windmill islands   east antarctica-initial evidence h cremer   d gore   h kirkup   a mc minn   m melles   d & hellip ; symposium proceedings . athens   greece : university of athens    
real time traffic measurements for high-speed networks 1995.0 pc hershey   cb silio   jg waclawsky bt technology journal    
a plea for powder-free surgical gloves rf edlich  journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
die gallersche knochensammlung   dokumentation teil 2 e amsler   1994.0 
on traveling incognito g ateniese   a herzberg   h krawczyk   g tsudik computer networks     1999.0 
staffing intermediate care services : a review of the literature to inform workforce planning sa nancarrow   g mountain isbn    
group correspondence biases and the provision of public goods st allison   nl kerr 1994.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
using semantic knowledge for transaction processing in a distributed database h garcia-molina  acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1983.0 
coarse grained parallel next element search a chan   f dehne   a rau-chaplin    
upland development in the tropics : alternative economic strategies in a philippine frontier wt conelly   1983.0 
data domain description by support vectors d tax   r duin proceedings esann      
product models 4d m fischer   c kam  cife technical report number 143   cife stanford university    
advanced synergetics : instability hierarchies of self-organizing systems and devices 1993.0 h haken   
the hellp syndrome : case report and review of the literature r fish journal of emergency medicine     1993.0 
& sidner   cl ( 1985 ) . the structures of discourse structure bj grosz  stanford university technical report  
application of packet assembly technology to digital video and voip t kanda   k shimamura proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
choking under pressure : self-consciousness and paradoxical effects of incentives on skillful rf baumeister journal of personality and social psychology   1984.0    
humanature . austin : university of texas press   1996 p goin    
iscsi performance and architecture and comparison to other protocols j menon   c fuentes ibm corporation   almaden research center report ( february 21    
reconceptualizing the determinants of risk behavior sb sitkin   al pablo the academy of management review   1992.0 
ecophysiology and growth of gelidium robustum in culture i sousa-pinto  1994.0 
selection of optimal values for concentration of key isotope in waste of a cascade for separation of na kolokolâ ?? tsov   ni laguntsov   ga sulaberidze at . energ      
environment partitioned distributed simulation of queueing systems jc comfort   
memory is not only about storage . kl huber new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
reducing persian gulf dependence over time 1980.0 d kline   jp weyam   
student perceptions of the nature of science and attitudes towards science education in an dj jelinek   
meeting ordinary and extraordinary women worldwide . perspective . social studies and the young learner   a pflepsen   s vokesâ ? ¦  1996.0 
accurate repeat finding and object skipping using fingerprints c herley proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2005.0 
multilevel theory building : benefits   barriers   and new developments ki klein   h tosi    
economic problems of the north east coast ghj daysh geography      
xirql-an esteoslon of xql for information retrieval paper presented at the acm sigir 2000 workshop n fuhr  athens . greece    
on real-time transactions jsw zhao acm sigmod record ( mar. .    
simultaneous pyrometric measurement of temperature and size of fuel particles in fluidized bed j stenberg   m urponen   r hernberg  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
sanz is with the department of computer science ibm almaden research center   san jose   c jl   
on the implementation of n-version programming for software fault tolerance during program execution a avizienis   l chen  proc . compsac    
linear stability of tcp/red and a scalable control 2003.0 sh low   f paganini   j wang   jc doyle computer networks    
analysis of metals by graphite furnace aas using spark ablation bv l'vov   av novichikhin 1990.0  at . spectrosc.    
development of a rotor-body coupled analysis for an active mount aeroelastic rotor testbed vt center    
prostaglandins and obesity 1975.0 pb curtis-prior lancet i    
metaevaluation 1983.0 n nilsson   d hogben new directions for program evaluation    
a review of acoustooptical deflection and modulation devices ei gordon    
diabetes predicts congestive heart failure risk in the elderly cu chae   rj glynn   je manson   jm guralnik   jo circulation ( suppl i )    
the functions of program theory new directions for program evaluation   1987.0 l bickman   
measurements of cp-2 co-polar and cross-polar antenna illumination functions at s and x band rj keeler   ph herzegh   cl frush conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland     1984.0 
explaining the effect of incentives and control mechanisms on information technology usage : a a bhattacherjee    
symptoms of stress inventory ms leckie   e thompson seattle : university of washington    
improved turbulence models based on large eddy simulations of homogeneous incompressible turbulent j bardina   jh ferziger   wc reynolds & hellip ; technical report tf-19   stanford university   stanford   ca      
committee hearings as an evaluation format nk stenzel new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 
flexible string matching against large databases in practice proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 n koudas   a marathe   d srivastava   
software for information storage and retrieval tested   evaluated and compared . part 1 - general eg sieverts   m hofstede electronic library     1991.0 
the last wave of affirmative action wisconsin law review   m adams  1998.0 
return to sender : filtering pc magazine   may   s robert-witt   
zinc supplementation in pregnancy k mahomed  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
pm : a high-performance communication library for multi-user parallel environments submitted to usenix   h tezuka   a hori   y ishikawa   
charismatic leadership perceptions of resident advisors at the university of wisconsin-stout based 2001.0 sa kling   
biogeography of the marine red algae of the south african west coast : a molecular approach mh hommersand   s fredericq   
journalists in greece and turkey : a study of greek and turkish journalistsâ ?? perception of the d tilic  middle east technical university    
participatory evaluation : a tool to assess projects and empower people new directions for program evaluation   i brunner   a guzman  1989.0 
beam in gap measurements at the sns front-end   s assadi   w blokland   c deibele   w grice   j   
annotation : from paper books to digital library cc marshall   
downside risk implications of multinationality and international joint ventures jj reuer   mj leiblein academy of management journal   2000.0    
modeling slotted wdm rings with discrete-time markovian models computer networks   ma marsan   e leonardi   m meo   f neri  2000.0 
compiling separable recursions j pjww naughton proc . of the 1988 acm-sigmod conference on the management of & hellip ;    
hsv/aav rep1 hybrid amplicon vector improves the stability of transgene expression in human cells by y wang   sm camp   m niwano   s shen   jc bakowska   xo  2002.0 
an integrated visualization system for surgical planning and guidance using image fusion and dt gering   a nabavi   r kikinis   wel grimson   n lecture notes in computer science   1999.0    
knowledge   bargaining power   and the instability of international joint ventures ac inkpen   pw beamish the academy of management review     1997.0 
technical report aug17-7 j eckerle   o nurmi  technical university of munich    
toward a new information logic cj van rijsbergen proceedings of acm sigir      
simplifying polynomial constraints over integers to make dependence analysis more precise   v maslov   w pugh  md    
supporting recursion-in proc if cruz   ao mendelzon   ptwagq language acm sigmod conf . on management of data      
p. 461   2000 h gã 1/4 mã 1/4 å?kaya   m ve bilgisayarlar   a yayä ± nlarä ±   
translation-invariant denoising technical report   stanford university   rc cd951   d donoho   
modeling multidimensional databases : [ research report ] r agrawal   a gupta   s sarawagi ibm almaden research center   san jose   california    
co.   2000 d verwã ¶ hnungsfalle   a wunsch   kv gmbh   
lectures on quantum mechanics   yeshiva university new york   pam dirac   
the teaching of evaluation in schools of management r perloff   rf rich new directions for program evaluation     1986.0 
gromov-hofer compactness for holomorphic curevs in a symplectic cobordism technical report   stanford university   f bourgeois   e yakov   
fluoride gels for preventing dental caries in children and adolescents ( cochrane review ) vcc marinho   jpt higgins   s logan   a sheiham cochrane database syst rev   2002.0    
chimera : example-based graphical editing d kurlander 1993.0  & hellip ; what i do : programming by demonstration table of contents    
e. and wong   e. ( 1987 ) . query optimization by simulated annealing y ioannidis & hellip ; sigmod international conference on management of data and    
efficient parallel data mining for association rules js park   ms chen   ps yuâ ? ¦   
on the characteristics of practical bilinear model structures systems science-wroclaw -   1996.0 a dunoyer   l balmer   kj burnham   djg james   
santa barbara papers in linguistics vol . 4 : discourse transcription jw du bois   s cumming   s schuetze-coburn   d  university of california santa barbara    
release 2.0 : a design for living in the digital age e dyson   
recent developments in the numerical tire analysis proc . int . rubber conf . h rothert   n gebbeken   j jagusch   m kaliske   
self-esteem in young men : a longitudinal analysis of the impact of educational and occupational journal of personality and social psychology   1977.0 jg bachman   pm oâ ?? malley   
staying connected rfid : is this game of tag fair play ? m mcginity  communications-acm   2004.0 
xl : generic text summarization using relevance measure and latent semantic analysis y gong proc . acm    
oral non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug therapy for cystic fibrosis 2000.0 c dezateux   a crighton cochrane database syst rev    
study of ieee 802.1 p garp/gmrp timer values f tobagi   p molinero-fernandez   m karam    
empirical assessment of visceral selfperception : individual and sex differences in the acquisition es katkin   j blascovich   s goldband journal of personality and social psychology     1981.0 
preventing the misuse of evaluation . cj stevens   m dialâ ? ¦  new directions for program evaluation   1994.0 
farmersâ ?? perceptions of insect pests and control strategies   their relevance to ipm in pearl millet o youm   j baidu-forson see ref    
improving tcp performance in integrated wireless communications networks k xu   y tian   n ansari computer networks   2005.0    
corporate risk financing : the emergence of a new market w hersberger 1998.0    
captopril and phaeochromocytoma a israeli   n gottehrer   d gavish   rn melmed lancet i   1985.0    
mix : a meta-data indexing system for xml sr cho   n koudas   d srivastava proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;     2005.0 
memory-contention responsive hash joins dl davison   g graefe proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     1994.0 
role of apoptosis in the progression of glomerulosclerosis h makino   n kashihara   h sugiyama   t sekikawa   z 1996.0  contributions to nephrology    
molecular electronics with carbon nanotubes a phaedon  acc . chem . res    
cancer statistics review 1973â ?? 1988 . nih publication no. 91-2789   national cancer institute l ries   b hankey   b miller   a hartman   b edwards md    
appendix b : call for papers and content guidelines for authors tj bergin   rg gibson history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
emotional reactivity in mice may not be inherited but induced by parents f calatayud   s coubard   c belzung  submitted for publication    
interventions for dysphagia in acute stroke pm bath   fj bath   dg smithard  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
responding to resolved and unresolved interadult conflict : gender differences in emotional m el-sheikh unpublished manuscript    
presenting html structures in audio f james technical report   stanford university    
simultaneous measurements of pressure and velocity oscillations during spurt flow of a high-density a merten   m schwets   h mã 1/4 nstedt  procs 6th european conf rheol   erlangen    
how to stand in a storm . ba asbury new directions for higher education   1973.0 
orthotic devices for the treatment of tennis elbow pa struijs   n smidt   h arola   c van dijk   r  cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
in b-to-b marketplace   reality bites : firms wait on xml   increase use of edi c sliwa computerworld      
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for categorical attributes proc . of 1998 acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data   s guha   r rostogi   k shim   
the importance of long-range dependence of vbr video trac in atm trac engineering : myths and bk ryu   a elwalid   
environmental equity in urban texas : race   income   and patterns of acute and chronic toxic air urban geography   1999.0 jp tiefenbacher   
self-employment for welfare recipients : implementation of the seid program gc doolittle   bl fink  new york : manpower research demonstration corporation    
characterization and chromaticity of q-trees ã?n egecioglu   lp shen   1986.0 
the autha protocol for password-based authenticated key exchange m bellare   p rogaway    
case study : mantle convection visualization on the cray t3d js painter   hp bunge   y livnat proceedings   visualization &#39; 96   1996.0    
indefinite and maybe information in relational databases kclr sunderraman  acm transactions on database systems    
zotepine for schizophrenia m fenton   s morris   p de-silva   a bagnall   sj cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
verhalten von intra-und extrazellulã $ ren algenmetaboliten bei der trinkwasseraufbereitung g paul  diploma   dresden technical university    
p.   & zeidner   m. ( 2000 ) . ( eds . ) . handbook of self-regulation mp boekaerts san diego    
association of glial cells with the terminal parts of neurite bundles extending from chick spinal cell and tissue research   f grainger   dw james  1970.0 
developments in abrasive waterjets for micromachining d miller summers d.   editor   proceedings of the 2003 wjta american    
strategy making and structure : analysis and implications for performance the academy of management journal   1987.0 d miller   
new approach for bone marrow transplantation in patients with class 3 thalassemia aged younger than p sodani   d gaziev   p polchi   b erer   c giardini   2004.0  blood-new york -    
jm hellerstein static analysis techniques for predicting the behavior of active database rules a aiken   j widom  transactions on database  
ambulatory venous pressure measurements a kriessman see ref    
cognitive psychology and college-level pedagogy : two siblings that rarely communicate mw matlin new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0    
the design and evaluation of a defense for internet worms proceedings of the 23rd ieee international symposium on & hellip ;   r scandariato   jc knight   
luca15   a putative tumour suppressor gene encoding an rna-binding nuclear protein   is down-regulated 2000.0 h edamatsu   y kaziro   h itoh genes to cells    
concise papers aac aware  ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
source acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) archive acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   dk hsiao  1978.0 
individual construct accessibility   person memory   and the recall-judgment link : the case of ja bargh   rd thein  journal of personality and social psychology    
cocaine-associated dissection of the thoracic aorta . 1992.0 a fisher   br holroyd journal of emergency medicine    
digest of technical papers of international symposium wa barrow   re coovert   e dickey   cn king   c laakso sid seattle   washington   usa      
explaining development and change in organizations ah van de ven   ms poole the academy of management review   1995.0 
fine-grain protocol execution mechanisms & scheduling policies on smp clusters b falsafi   1998.0 
the design of postgres l rowe   m stonebraker & hellip ; of the 1986 acm-sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;      
the field drift of ions and its influence on the electrical properties of sno 2 ( abstract only ) av ignatov   av burlak   vv serdyuk   v lantto   s oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
a 3d reconstruction and enrichment system for broadcast soccer video x yan   x yu   ts hay 2004.0  proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
northwestern flora   p. 66 tc frye   gb rigg university of washington   seattle   washington    
inside windows 2000 : third edition 2001.0 s russinovich   
a management perspective . j welling new directions for higher education     1983.0 
cytoskeleton and red cell shape cellular and molecular biology letters   s svetina   a iglic   v kralj-iglic   b zeks  1996.0 
the moral comedy of miss compton-burnett mm curtis wisconsin studies in contemporary literature     1964.0 
linear clustering of objects with multiple attributes . acm sigmod intl hv jagadish conference on management of data      
lure   vy   and shu   nc data translation   part ii . define : a non-procedural language for defining in - proc . acm bc housel   
understanding dielectric cure monitoring 1982.0 sd senturia   
dynamic content acceleration : a caching solution to enable scalable dynamic web page generation kdkrh thomas   a datta   d vandermeer proceeding of the fifteenth acm symposium on operating & hellip ;    
thickness dependence of the nucleation field of triglycine sulphate phil . mag   hf kay   jw dunn   
carotid endarterectomy for symptomatic carotid stenosis cs cina   cm clase   rb haynes  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
notes on digital coding mje golay proc . ieee    
an optimal divide-conquer algorithm for 2d skyline queries hx lu   y luo   x lin   
algal class abundances in the western equatorial pacific : estimation from hplc measurements of deep-sea research i   1998.0 dj mackey   hw higgins   md mackey   d holdsworth   
bicycle helmets for children js halpern journal of emergency nursing   1990.0 
composite document extended retrieval   '' ea fox  proc . acm sigir conference   montreal   canada    
from welfare to work : summary jm gueron   e pauly   cm lougy  1991.0 
exceeding the datatlow lit via value prediction mh lipasti   jp shen  proc . of 29th international symposium on  
border crossings : transnational movements for alternative development and radical democracy in the jh bandy phd   university of california   santa barbara      
accessibility law evokes cheers   fears s lais computerworld    
a new sql-like operator for mining association rules . int . m. vijayaraman   ap buchmann   c. mohan   r meo   g psaila   s ceri proceedings 22nd international conference on very large data    
dual outer approximation methods for concave programs and reverse convex programs pt thach   h tuy    
managerial skill development the academy of management review   ja waters  1980.0 
dan duchamp . ip-based protocols for mobile internetworking [ a ] proceedings of acm sigcomm   j ioannidis   
compensating networks for sliding-mode control . g roberto  1995.0 
antidepressants versus placebo for people with bulimia nervosa ( cochrane review ) j bacaltchuk   p hay cochrane database syst rev   2001.0    
ftp : the family transition program : final report on florida 's initial time-limited welfare program 2000.0 d bloom   
towards a wide spectrum language to support program specification and program development fl bauer   m broy   r gnatz   w hesse   b krieg -  acm sigplan notices   1978.0 
explaining and forecasting results of the self-sufficiency project c ferrall   
johns hopkins university   baltimore j lebowitz md    
design and evaluation of parallel pipelined join algorithms proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   jp richardson   h lu   k mikkilineni  1987.0 
gender and the emergence of leaders : a meta-analysis ah eagly   sj karau  journal of personality and social psychology    
short acting beta agonists for recurrent wheeze in children under 2 years of age r chavasse   p seddon   a bara   m mckean 2002.0  cochrane database syst rev    
education through geography : knowledge   understanding   values and culture f slater geography-london -   1994.0 
multiplexed   pipelined microcomputers submitted for publication   h sullivan   
a methodology for generating and evaluating alternative operation sequences . 1992 sk gupta   ds nau   g zhang submitted for    
parameter identification of linear systems using nonlinear noninvertible measurements ds bayard   m eslami  proceedings of the 23rd  
ample growth seen for mini dbms market al morley  computerworld    
statistical gate delay model considering multiple input switching a agarwal   f dartu   d blaauw   
analysis of new variants of coalesced hashing wc chen   js vitter acm transactions on database systems   1984.0 
rich rewards : computerworldâ ?? s best places to work 1999 computerworld   j wexler   
stakeholders as deck chairs ca murray new directions for program evaluation   1983.0    
the mental maps of children h matthews geography      
canonical view update support through boolean algebras of components sj hegner 1984.0  proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;    
indentifying representation trends in massive time series data sets using sketches proc . of the 26th intâ ?? l conference on very large data & hellip ;   p indyk   n koudas   s muthukrishnan   
modeling hyperdocuments using the topic map architecture proc . int . hytime conference . vancouver   m biezunski   
ismt 157 nm reticle handling meeting san diego   t bloomsteinâ ? ¦   
a structured approach for the definition of the semantics of active databases acm transactions on database systems   1995.0 p fraternali   l tanca   
set-serializability : a formal theory for partitioned data g alonso   a el abbadi    
m.   rosenthal   a. ( 1991 ) using semantic values to facilitate interoperability among heterogeneous es sciore acm transactions on database  
query execution techniques for caching expensive methods sigmod conference   1996.0 jm hellerstein   jf naughton   
utilization of mycorrhizal fungi in citrus nurseries ja menge   h lembright   elv johnson proc int soc citriculture      
gain measurements in optically pumped   far-infrared laser media 1976.0 a semet   s obenschain   nc luhmann jr & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;    
radioecological conditions on the territory of the shore-based technical bases of the far east va danilyan   vl vysotskii   aa maksimov at .  
the conversions of the jews a guttmann 1965.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
stochastic query optimization in distributed databases pe drenick   ej smith  acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1993.0 
simultaneous diagonalization in the frequency domain ( sdif ) for source separation hc wu   jc principe    
approximate computation of multidimensional aggregates of sparse data using wavelets js vitter 1999.0  sigmod conference    
environmental control of hair and sporangial formation in the marine red alga acrochaetium proc . int . seaweed symp   ja west   
long-term dependence in trading unpublished manuscript   e ghysels   j jasiak   
yu . d. tsvetkov   and vv voevodskii ys lebedev  kinetika i kataliz    
social cognitive theory of organizational management 1989.0 r wood   a bandura the academy of management review    
software firms unite   aim to keelhaul pirates . m betts computerworld    
the provision of a sanctioning system as a public good 1986.0 t yamagishi journal of personality and social psychology    
students ' perceptions of large classes . new directions for teaching and learning   dh wulff  1987.0 
sdl basics r brk  computer networks    
study of implementation strategies of enterprise business reengineering f qiao   h tian   q wu   r shen & hellip ; of international conference on management science and the & hellip ;    
simultaneous inferences in nonparametric functional estimation pb gilbert   mr kosorok 2001.0    
suresha   and k. ramamritham . proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world a datta   k dutta   h thomas   d vandermeer proceedings of sigmod-2002      
genetic relationships of several aboriginal groups in south east asia see ref   le lie-injo   
transfusion thresholds and other strategies for guiding allogeneic red blood cell transfusion cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 sr hill   pa carless   da henry   jl carson   pc   
transformation : the missing link of mda lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 a gerber   m lawley   k raymond   j steel   a wood   
20th conference on local computer networks 1995.0 c los alamitos computer networks    
tcp nice : a mechanism for background transfers a venkataramani   r kokku   m dahlin  acm sigops operating systems review   2002.0 
a note and a checklist jr bryer  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
organizational differences in managerial compensation and financial performance b gerhart   gt milkovich the academy of management journal   1990.0 
seer cancer statistics review 1973-1990   national cancer institute . bethesda ba miller   lag ries   bf hankey   cl kosary   a md    
social loafing : a meta-analytic review and theoretical integration journal of personality and social psychology   sj karau   kd williams  1993.0 
indexing and retrieval strategies for natural language fact retrieval 1983.0 jl kolodner acm transactions on database systems    
enhanced spot noise for vector field visualization wc de leeuw   jj van wijk proceedings visualization     1995.0 
arousal and attraction : a response-facilitation alternative to misattribution and negative - journal of personality and social psychology   jb allen   dt kenrick   de linder   ma mccall   
unsteady squeeze film derivation for incompressible fluid technical report   massachusetts institute of technology   2000 . ja carretero   
a review of 300 attempted strangulation cases part i : criminal legal issues journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 gb strack   ge mcclane   d hawley   
finding motifs with gaps unpublished m crochemore   cs iliopoulos   yj pinzon   w rytter   
coming to grips with staff development d harrington-lueker electronic learning   1996.0    
visualization reference models ( panel position statement ) d bergeron proceedings of ieee visualization   gm nielson and d. & hellip ;    
misconceptions about real-time programming ja stankovic  ieee computer    
garcia-molina h. ( 2000b )   â ?? the evolution of the web and implications for an incremental crawlerâ ?? j cho   
the obligatory earthquake insurance ( decree 587 ; 27.12 . 1999 )   draft paper middle east technical university   ankara   m balamir   
equestrian injuries : a five-year review gd hobbs   dm yealy   j rivas journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
zur selbstorganisation von solidarnetzwerken unter ungleichen r hegselmann  wirtschaftsethische perspektiven i    
visual data mining   tutorial da keim international conference on very large databases  
the euclidean distance transform : finding the local maxima and reconstructing the shape g borgefors   i ragnemalm   gs di baja procs . of the 7th scand . conf . on image analysis    
usage-based readingâ ?? an experiment to guide reviewers with use cases t thelin   p runeson   b regnell  information and software technology   2001.0 
active magnetic bearings-basics   properties and applications g schweitzer   a traxler   h bleuler   1994.0 
stresses in a notched plate under tension fg maunsell phil . mag    
reconsidering the use of race as an explanatory variable in program evaluation je davis new directions for program evaluation   1992.0 
evaluation and social justice : issues in public education . ka sirotnikâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation   1990.0    
incorporating hierarchy in a relational model of data hv jagadish   
running microsoft office 2000 m halvorson   mj young  1999.0 
on-line new event detection and tracking proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   r swan   j allan   
persistent lymphadenopathy in homosexual men : a clinical and ultrastructural study mg anderson   j dixey   p key   ds ellis   g tovey   tf lancet i   1984.0    
mining deviants in a time series database hv jagadish   n koudas   s muthukrishnan proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;   1999.0 
novice programming comes of age dc smith   a cypher   l tesler communications-acm   2000.0    
embedding finitely generated abelian lattice-ordered groups : higmanâ ?? s theorem and a realisation of amw glass   v marra  submitted for  
engineering optimization : methods and applications 1983.0 gv reklaitis   a ravindran   km ragsdell   
discovering misconceptions in a distributed pedagogical system 2004.0 r joshua   dh scuse   
l903 . letter to henry rankin . 10 june l903 . in vol . 2 of the letters of william james   196 w james   
a tissue oxygenation monitor using nir spatially resolved spectroscopy s suzuki   s takasaki   t ozaki   y kobayashi proc  
stones of destiny : keystones of civilization michigan technical university   houghton   jr poss   
this court held that under the constitution of the state of florida a municipalityâ ?? s power to levy id . i birdsong   
a performance study of an optical burst switched network with dynamic simultaneous link possession t battestilli   hg perros  computer networks   2006.0 
ultrastructure of plant leaf tissue infected with mite-borne viral-like pathogens 28th ann . proc . electron mierose . soe . am   oe bradfute   re whitmoyer   lr nault   
intravenous treatment of leishmania donovani infected mice with liposomal hexadecylphosphocholine p kaufmann-kolle   a kuhlencord   h eibl cellular and molecular biology letters   1996.0    
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining j shafer   r agrawal   m mehta vldb     1996.0 
latino connections : family   neighbors   and community . children 's literature . 1996.0 mh cordier   ma perez-stable social studies and the young learner    
the approval motive : studies in evaluative dependence dp crowne   d marlowe    
defensive attribution : effects of severity and relevance on the responsibility assigned for an kg shaver  journal of personality and social psychology    
synchronous wc kwong   pr pruncal cdma demonstration for fibreâ ?? optic networks with optical & hellip ;      
on indexing line segments hv jagadish vldb     1990.0 
study on mechanical and optical characteristics of reverse dispersion fiber cables 48th iwcs procs   m morimoto   
race   education   and the construction of a disabled class t glennon  wisconsin law review   1995.0 
ghost : fine granularity buffering of indexes ch goh   bc ooi   d sim   kl tan proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;   1999.0    
linkage map of the fruit fly drosophila pseudoobscura w anderson see rcf    
the zucker-fatty rat : a review ga bray  fed proc   1977.0 
social factors of adjudicated juvenile offenders in texas cjp council   
rf cavities for the positron accumulator ring of the advanced photon source y kangâ ? ¦  procs . of the 1995 particle accelerator conf.   dallas texas    
performance measurements of compressed bitmap indices t johnson proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;   1999.0 
the role of a judge in a user based retrieval experiment ( poster session ) m wu   m fuller   r wilkinson 2000.0  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;    
college of saint benedict : a planning model that works . new directions for higher education   sf escher  1976.0 
trace table based approach for pipelined microprocessor verification j sawada   wa hunt lecture notes in computer science   1997.0    
continuous nearest search t tao   d papadias   q shen  2002.0 
suresha   and ramamritham   k. 2002 . proxy-based accelaration of dynamically generated content on the a datta   k dutta   h thomas   d vander meer proceedings of acm sigmod    
'' system level concurrency control for database systems dj rosenkrantz   rd stearns   pm lewis acm tods   v    
place g ( 2000 ) learning objects : communicating the pedagogical potential g hepburn procs of ed media      
amultivariate simultaneous generalized arch @   wp n1 89-57r   u r engle   kf kroner  california   san diego    
panko   1ltl project teams : profiles and member perceptions st kinney proceedings of the 25 ~ h hawaii international conference on & hellip ;    
the evolution of artificial social systems g boella   l van der torre   
information age transformation ds alberts  getting to a    
niagaracq : continuous queries j chenâ ? ¦  & hellip ; of the 2000 acm sigmod conference   dallas   tx   may    
the influence of vaxiabtes of boolean functions j kahn   g kalai   n linial proc . of 29th ieee fogs      
chabot : retrieval froma relationaldatabase ofimages ieee computer   ve ogle   
3rorqlf * 1hjrl 9 using borehole measurements with the object of improving the knowledge of proceedings   international symposiumâ ?? 25 years of research xju yhvfx   
internet addiction : is it just this monthâ ?? s hand-wringer for worry-warts   or a genuine problem rw greene  computerworld    
web accessibility for the low vision user m bergel   a chadwick-dias   t tullis & hellip ; association annual conference   montreal   canada . june    
pcb interconnect characterization from tdr measurements 1999.0 d smolyansky   s corey electronic engineering    
to do or not to do : the dilemma of disclosing anonymized data 2005.0 lvs lakshmanan   rt ng   g ramesh proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
using wordnet tm to disambiguate word sense for text retrieval proceedings of acm sigir conference   1993.0 em voorhees   
dry adhesive contact of elastomers ar savkoor technical university   delft      
an activity based costing approach to systems development and implementation g ooi   c soh   pm lee    
the design of postgres proc . 1986 acm-sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;   m stonebrslcer   l rowe   
a data extraction   processing and restructuring system nc shu   bc housel   rw taylor   sp ghosh   vye lum  acm trans . database syst    
effects of emotional abuse against men in intimate relationships da hines   k malley-morrison unpublished manuscript      
strict identifiability of multichannel fir systems : further results and developments proc . int . conf . k abed-meraim   y hua   
education for the information age new directions for higher education   ps breivik  1992.0 
public-private employment choice   wage differentials and gender in turkey   processed   ankara : middle east technical university   a tansel   
source acm sigmod record archive rt snodgrass   m winslett 1994.0  acm sigmod record    
macro-op scheduling and execution i kim 2004.0    
mecamylamine ( a nicotine antagonist ) for smoking cessation t lancaster   lf stead cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
visual panel : virtual mouse   keyboard and 3d controller with an ordinary piece of paper z zhang   y wu   y shan   s shafer proceedings of acm workshop on perceptive user interfaces ( & hellip ;     2001.0 
data networks as cascades : explaining the multifractal nature of internet wan trac a feldmann   a gilbert   w willinger proc . acm sigcomm      
pre-and post-colonial sediment sources and storage in the lower neuse basin   north carolina jd phillips  physical geography    
mental health services administration . ( 2001 ) . summary of findings from the 2000 national household s abuse    
teachersâ ?? perceptions of the block schedule jh hulce   2000.0 
text filtering by boosting naive bayesian classifiers yh kim   sy hahn   bt zhang  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;    
part-based shape retrieval m tanase   rc veltkamp    
dynamic video summarization and visualization proc . of acm multimedia   n jeho   ht ahmed   
international and domestic evaluation : comparisons and insights rf conner new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
age and alzheimer disease w bondareff 1983.0  lancet   i    
a review and empirical evaluation of feature weighting methods for a class of lazy learning artificial intelligence review   1997.0 d wettschereck   dw aha   t mohri   
polytene chromosomes and their use in species studies of malaria vectors as exemplified by the ca green   v baimai proc . int . congr . genet    
encountering search committees . new directions for higher education   jf lawrence   tj marchese  1990.0 
hellerstein ( 1992 ) . behaviour of database production rules : termination   confluence and observable proceedings acm sigmod   international conference on the a aiken   j widom   
andm . f. kaashoek . fugu : implementingtranslationand protection ina multiuser   k mackenzie   j kubiatowicz   a agarwal 1994.0    
influence of cytokine genotypes on allograft rejection iv hutchinson   dm turner   d sankaran   mr awad   pj  transplantation proceedings   1998.0 
teor . i lksperim khim.   i   il knunyants   ga sokol ` skii   ma belaventsev   
somlib : a digital library system based on neural networks a rauber   d merkl    
future research on exergy and its application : simultaneous resolution of energy and environment h jin   1999.0 
evolution of the frameworks quagmire sa sheard   
the impact of cultural values on employee resistance to teams : toward a model of globalized self - bl kirkman   dl shapiro 1997.0  the academy of management review    
strakovskaya ls kremenehugskii   r ya at .  
naturalistic evaluation eg guba 1987.0  new directions for program evaluation    
regression diagnostics : identifying influential data and sources of collinearity da belsley   e kuh   re welsch    
additional resources . jdw andrews new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0    
dynamic spectrum utilization in ad hoc networks [ star   open ] computer networks   2004.0 vr syrotiuk   m cui   s ramkumar   cj colbourn   
information paradox pa strassmann  computerworld    
orientation dependence of energy dissipation during plastic deformation of fcc crystals phil . mag   d nakada   
electrical stimulation of the ventral sacral nerve roots : selective activtion in patients njm rijkhoff   l hendrikx   fmj debrunye   h wijkstra proceedings of the international continence society   25 & hellip ;    
user profile replication for faster location lookup in mobile communications proc . acm/ieee mobicomâ ?? 95   n shivakumar   j widom   
program ( sped ) . 1996 m lloyd   usped kearns & hellip ; single parent employment demonstration program : kearns    
views of nature : the environment   values   and literature . r lutts new directions for teaching and learning     1989.0 
supl :) orting transaction time in the relational algebra e mckenzie   r snodgrass proceedings of the a cm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;      
new directions for mentoring : an organizational development perspective ma wunsch new directions for teaching and learning     1994.0 
running microsoft frontpage 2000 j buyens   1999.0 
creating an energized workplace b nelson  leader to leader    
kafka and phenomenology : josef k. 's search for information wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   cn pondrom  1967.0 
understanding attitudes and predicting behavior i ajzen   m fishbein new york      
recovering motion fields : an evaluation of eight optical flow algorithms b galvin   b mccane   k novins   d mason   s mills    
ã?ppna prioriteringar i ã?stergã ¶ tland k bã $ ckman   p carlsson   
key issues for higher education in the 1980 s. 1979.0 c kerr new directions for higher education    
awareness   attitudes   and perceptions of regular education students towards students who receive sa johnson 2004.0    
video demystified : a handbook for the digital engineer k jack    
weighted proportionally fair differentiated service tcp p oechslin   j crowcroft proc . of acm computer communications review    
s. sohi . effectivejump-pointerprefetching for linked data structures proc . 26th intâ ?? l symp . on comp . arch   a rothandg   
polar fft   rectopolar fft a averbuch   rr coifman   dl donoho   m israeli   j  and applications . technical report   stanford university    
a review of theories & research on group development unpublished ap beck   
august 30   2000   oregon department of geology and mineral industries   baker city field office   m ferns ecology and environment   inc.   seattle    
on the computation of tc of relational operators proc . of 12th vldb conf   y ioannidis   
information storage and retrieval : a survey and functional description acm sigir forum   j minker  1977.0 
outcome measurement : showing results in the nonprofit sector mc plantz   mt greenway   m hendricks new directions for program evaluation    
digital phase modulation jb anderson   t aulin   ce sundberg    
lectures on photomorphogenesis h mohr   1972.0 
introduction to the meaning of meaning   ck ogden and ia richards   vâ ?? xi 1989.0 u eco   
monitoring the future . national results on adolescent drug use : overview of key findings   2000 ; nih ld johnston   pm oâ ?? malley   jg bachman md    
chelation therapy for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease mv villarruz   a dans   f tan  cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
a survey of alternative designs for a search engine storage structure a garratt   m jackson   p burden   j wallis 2001.0  information & software technology    
detecting topical events in digital video tfsms srinivasan proceedings of acm multimedia 2000      
automatic generation of personalized music sports video j wang   c xu   e chng   l duan   k wan   q tian proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0    
storage model g copeland   sk decomp acm  
a new sql-like operator for data mining association rules r meo   g psaila   s ceri proceedings of the 22nd vldb conference   bombay   indien    
depot fluphenazine for schizophrenia 2000.0 ce adams   m eisenbruch cochrane database syst rev    
dynamic resource brokering for multi-user query execution dl davison   g graefe  sigmod conference   1995.0 
pleasure : a program for simple and multiple folding of plas submitted for g de micheli   a sangiovanni-vincentelli   
dynamic multidimensional histograms n thaper   n koudas   
the socially handicapped and the agencies : a market analysis hc bredemeier see ref    
pfeiffer   s.   eâ ? elsberg   w. 1996 . automatic audio content analysis s fischer proc . acm multimedia      
a retrospective review of the relationship between facial fractures   head injuries   and cervical d sinclair   m schwartz   j gruss   b mclellan journal of emergency medicine   1988.0    
the 1975 australian family law act : a model for assessing legal impacts r mccleary   je riggs new directions for program evaluation     1982.0 
scripts in organizational behavior da gioia   pp poole  the academy of management review   1984.0 
regularizing the embedding operator and applications g teschke   r ramlau submitted for    
a spoken language system for information retrieval sk bennacef   h bonneau-maynard   jl gauvain   l proc . icslp      
a methodology for database system performance evaluation proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1984.0 h boral   dj dewitt   
predicate migration : optimizing queries with expensive predicates jm hellerstein   
the additive nature of chronic and temporary sources of construct accessibility ja bargh   rn bond   wj lombardi   me tota  journal of personality and social psychology    
influence of brothers and sisters on sex-role behavior gs leventhal journal of personality and social psychology   1970.0    
deconvolution in compton profile measurements p paatero   s manninen   t paakkari  phil . mag.   1974.0 
humor as structure and theme in faulkner 's trilogy pg adams  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1964.0 
an efficient method for knn join processing c xia   h lu   bc ooi   jh gorder proc . of vldb    
molarchâ ? ã?molecular architecture modeling program technical university of darmstadt   s immel   
meta-level design instruments for reuse-based evolution submitted for s jarzabek   
temperature and velocity measurements in a hypersonic laminar boundary layer soâ ?? byrne   pm danehy   afp houwing   s mallinson   p proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on shock    
looking to the future : implementation of a five-year plan . pl beukema 1986.0  new directions for higher education    
a review and reconceptualization of organizational commitment ae reichers the academy of management review     1985.0 
resistance to self-direction in adult learning : myths and misunderstandings . 1994.0 rg brockett new directions for adult and continuing education    
dut . 1977 . postharvest handling of south african citrus fruit p pelser proc . int . soc .    
the research scanning polarimeter : calibration and ground-based measurements b cairns proc . spie   1999.0 
laptops in class : what are they good for ? what can you do with them ? be weaver   lb nilson  new directions for teaching and learning   2005.0 
automatic classification of database columns using feature analysis hct ho   x tian submitted for publication    
index nesting-an efficient approach to indexing in object-oriented databases 1996.0 bc ooi   j han   h lu   kl tan the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;    
cure : a clustering algorithm for large databases s guha   r rastogi   k shim proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
cross-cultural training effectiveness : a review and a theoretical framework for future research js black   m mendenhall the academy of management review   1990.0 
manufacturing flexibility : a strategic perspective management science   d gerwin  1993.0 
the pretenure years : a longitudinal perspective d olsen   md sorcinelli new directions for teaching and learning     1992.0 
using program theory to describe and measure program quality l bickman   ka peterson  new directions for program evaluation    
sorting   grouping   and duplicate elimination in the advanced information management prototype . pmg g saake   v linnemann   p pistor   l wegener proc . 15 int . conference on very large databases  
formation of methylglyoxal-modified proteins in vitro and in vivo and their involvement in age - pj thornalley   m westwood   twc lo   ac mclellan contributions to  
primary inclusion of culturally diverse minority program participants in the evaluation process new directions for program evaluation   1992.0 am madison   
detection of oceanographic fronts : a knowledge based n rees   j aiken procs expert systems      
missing and inapplicable values fd linn acm sigmod record   1987.0    
salinger : the romantic background cf strauch wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 
new age components for old-fashioned java s mcdirmid   m flatt   wch jiazzi proc . of acm sigplan  
epigenetic marks by dna methylation specific to stem   germ and somatic cells in mice genes to cells   2002.0 k shiota   y kogo   j ohgane   t imamura   a urano   k   
software for information storage and retrieval tested   evaluated and compared . pt ii : classical electronic library   1991.0 eg sieverts   m hofstede   ph haak   p nieuwenhuysen     
reminiscences on influential papers acm transactions on database systems   e bertino  1976.0 
finding bch error locator polynomials in one step a brinton cooper iii    
chromium speciation in water by electrothermal aas after simultaneous adsorption of cr ( iii ) and cr at . spectrosc   sj kumar   p ostapczuk   h emons   
program micro - and macrotheories : a guide for social change new directions for program evaluation   1987.0 wr shadish jr   
immunocytochemistry controls using cell culture dfi kurtycz   r logrono   m leopando   a slattery   sl   
lack of progressive cytological abnormalities among college women with genital human papillomavirus kl kotloff   ss wasserman   k russ   r daniel   s  submitted for  
effect of ionization processes on the corona stabilization breakdown in sf 6 and sf 6-mixtures . 4 vk lakdawala   rd james   lg christophorou & hellip ; symposium on high voltage engineering   athens   greece   no      
xml and information retrieval : a sigir 2000 workshop sigir forum   d carmel   y maarek   a soffer  2000.0 
echinacea for preventing and treating the common cold d melchart   k linde   p fischer   j kaesmayr 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
the values development dilemma . new directions for higher education   1980.0 ml mcbee   
the geochemistry of arsenic and antimony in puget sound and lake washington ea crecelius  & hellip ; phd thesis   university of washington     seattle   washington    
improving memory in old age through implicit self-stereotyping b levy  journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
evaluation of clinoptilolite for ammonia removal wg williams  proceedings of the northwest fish culture conference 25 th & hellip ;   1974.0 
theory of magnetic circuits for nonlinear magnetic fields in electromagnetic devices y saito procs . second inter . sym . inno . nu . ana . appl . eng . scis.   & hellip ;    
compact invariant sets for some quasilinear nonlocal kirchhoff strings on ir n pg papadopoulos   nm stavrakakis   
thermistor thermometer based on an astable multivibrator electronic eng   k holm   
pipelined interface for hw/sw codesign w hardt   a gã 1/4 nther   r camposano submitted to  
treatment and prevention of mania : a scandinavian perspective p vestergaard neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -     1992.0 
on the quality of service enhancement in variable bit rate networks . looking . forward ieee x hesselbach   
poetry   1964 sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature     1965.0 
the ethic of disintegration : a recent case in poetics je emma wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0    
hohere mathematik i h von mangoldt   k knopp isbn      
on reverse nearest neighbor queries a maheshwari   j vahrenhold   n zeh    
express : a data extraction   processing   and restructuring system nc shu   bc housel   rw taylor   sp ghosh   vy lum acm transactions on database systems   1977.0 
thyroid hemiagenesis and ectopia in sonic hedgehog knockout mice h fagman   m grã $ nde   m nilsson proc 29th annual meeting of the european thyroid association & hellip ;    
rastogir.   cure a.   an efficient clustering algorithm for large data bases s guha  & hellip ; 1998   acm sigmod international conference on management of  
mitra and c. buckley . improving automatic query expansion as mandar proceedings of acm sigir      
self-tuning histograms r habrecht    
the real-time specification for java [ j ] b greg   g james ieee computer    
an improved algorithm to find the length of the longest common subsequence of two strings s kuo   gr cross acm sigir forum   1989.0    
center college of kentucky . rl morrill new directions for higher education   1988.0    
simultaneous optimization and evaluation ofmultiple dimensional queries y zhao   p deshpande   j naughton   a shukla proc . ofthe acm sigmod conf . on management  
timor-leste area   key facts  2001.0 
applying hash filters to improving the execution of bushy trees ms chen   hi hsiao   ps yu    
seer cancer statistics review   1975-2000 . national cancer institute . bethesda lag ries   mp eisner   cl kosary   bf hankey   ba   
case tool for reusable software component storage and retrieval in rapid prototyping information and software technology   r steigerwald   j mcdowell   l luqi  1991.0 
on the instability of a cylinder of viscous liquid under capillary force r lord phil . mag      
the use of control-flow and control dependence in software tools tj ball 1993.0    
gender differences in moral reasoning k bussey   b maughan journal of personality and social psychology      
dynamic nature and function of epidermal langerhans cellsin vivo andin vitro : a review   with mbm teunissen the histochemical journal     1992.0 
modern analogs for dinosaur nesting and parental behavior see farlow   wp coombs jr   
an evaluation of tcp vegas by live emulation pb danzig   z liu   l yan proceedings of acm sigmetrics      
sex differences in eavesdropping on nonverbal cues : developmental changes journal of personality and social psychology   pd blanck   r rosenthal   s snodgrass   bm depaulo   m   
lexical relations : enhancing effectiveness of information retrieval systems e fox  acm sigir forum   1980.0 
the future of representative democracy seminar r democracy   
oxidation of iron   sulfur and arsenic in mine waters and mine wastes : an important role for novel & hellip ; international biohydrometallurgy symposium . athens   greece   k coupland   f battaglia-brunet   kb hallberg   mc   
labor 's spatial praxis and the geography of contract bargaining in the us east coast longshore 1997.0 a herod political geography    
the design of templates as tools for formative evaluation 1996.0 s loucks-horsley new directions for program evaluation    
handling the chemical part in large air pollution models applied mathematics and computer science   j brandt   j wasniewski   z zlatev  1996.0 
the-kdb tree : a fast index structure for high-dimensional similarity joins k shim   r srikant   r agrawal  research report   ibm almaden research center   san jose   & hellip ;    
postpartum depression : causes and consequences mw o'haraâ ? ¦ 1994.0    
what constitutes misuse ? cj stevens   m dial new directions for program evaluation   1994.0    
quasi-experimental analysis : a mixture of methods and judgment ds cordray new directions for program evaluation   1986.0 
electrocardiographic manifestations : benign early repolarization1 journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 wj brady   tc chan   
seeger :   b. 2003 . an optimal and progressive algorithm for skyline queries d papadias   y tao   g fu proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
stuff iâ ?? ve seen : a system for personal information retrieval and re-use s dumais   e cutrell   jj cadiz   g jancke   r sarin   proceedings of sigir   2003.0 
a digital multipurpose vegetation map for the colorado desert of california 1994.0 mv gray   
sig summary : growth   change   and service c growth  computer networks   1977.0 
substantive due process and parental corporal punishment : democracy and the excluded child san diego law review   mk kearney  1995.0 
two papers on schemas and frames ma arbib & hellip ; of massachusetts coins technical report 75c-9   amherst    
on kent 's â ?? consequences of assuming a universal relationâ ?? ( technical correspondance ) jd ullman acm transactions on database systems ( tods )     1983.0 
variations on language modeling for information retrieval w kraaij  acm sigir forum   2005.0 
an updating algorithm for subspace tracking   university of maryland at college park   college park gw stewart md      
cognitive approach for building user model in an information retrieval context ( poster session ) proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   as belhassen   nb abdallah   hhb ghezala  2000.0 
the representation of debate as a basis for information storage and retrieval & hellip ;   computer science dept.   stanford university   stanford   ca & hellip ;   d lowe   
workload characterization of a web proxy in a cable modem proc . acm sigmetrics   mf arlitt   r friedrich   t jin   
vietnam country/review paper   for the workshop on community-based rehabilitation ( cbr ) and poverty xtue nghiem 2005.0    
a review of the current information on the bay scallop ( argopecten irradians ) with emphasis on sl macfarlane   1999.0 
mullaproeessor hash-based jom algorithms d dewltt   r gerber & hellip ; of the 1985 vldb conference   stockholm   sweden   august      
polarization diversity measurements by x - and ka-band radar k nakamura   h inomata   j awaka   k okamoto   t 1984.0  conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland    
vs   and srivastava   d. what can hierarchies do for data warehouses proc . of vldb   hv jagadish   l lakshmanan   
exogenous uptake of carbonyl stress compounds promoting age formation from peritoneal dialysis a wieslander   t linden   b musi   l jarkelid   r contributions to nephrology   2001.0 
information policies in the new europe c oppenheim electronic democracy      
visual programming nc shu   1988.0 
a data model for representing geological surfaces cb jones proc . of acm-sigmod      
websom-self-organizing maps of document collections t honkela   s kaski   k lagus   t kohonen proceedings of wsom   1997.0 
selective memoization ua acar   ge blelloch   r harper    
89 * at ( 54 ) vorrichtung fã?r einen laser-hybrid-schweissprozess ( 30 ) at 2000 11 16 a 1936/2000 ( 72 ) nr pettenbach enns *  
suncode : a program user 's manual m delahunt  ecotope inc.   seattle washington    
price behavior in a market with internet buyer 's agents k crowston   
no-difference research wh yeaton   l sechrest 1987.0  new directions for program evaluation    
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining proc . r agrawal   m mehta   jc shafer   
the assimilation of greeks in the united states 1968.0 ec vlachos   
seismotectonic map of greece with seismological data inst . geol . and miner . explor.   athens   greece   n mouyiarisâ ? ¦   
a reliable dissemination protocol for interactive collaborative applications ( tmtp ) r yavatkar   j griffioen   m sudan  proceedings of acm multi-media    
elegant solutions for group mutual exclusion problem k alagarsamy   k vidyasankar  unpublished manuscript    
learning to summarise xml documents using content and structure mr amini   a tombros   n usunier   m lalmas   p proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;     2005.0 
student perceptions of group dynamics course effectiveness dj strebel  2001.0 
surfactant for meconium aspiration syndrome in full term infants rf soll   p dargaville cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
digital image restoration : a survey hc andrews  ieee computer    
robust low-order control design of a generic flexible test structure ch goh   
calculation of energetic heliospheric ion spectra in the kev-to-mev range based on simultaneous a dworsky   hj fahr   
qos in packet networks   basic mechanism and directions computer networks   r guerin   v peris   
a fast procedure for finding a tracker in a statistical database de denning   j schloerer  acm transactions on database systems   1980.0 
genetic and other global optimization algorithms-comparison and use in calibration problems 1998.0 dp solomatine proc . int . conf . hydroinformatics    
storage estimationfor multi-dimensional aggregates in the presence of hierarchies proc . 22nd a shukla   p deshpande   j naughton   k ramasamy   
materials and devices using double-pumped phosphors with energy transfer fe auzel  1973.0 
stable computation of multiquadric interpolants for all values of the shape parameter b fornberg   g wright submitted to bit      
self-efficacy : implications for organizational behavior and human resource management 1987.0 me gist the academy of management review    
approaches to program eh kaplan  new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
cure : an efficient algorithm for clustering large databases proceedings of acm-sigmod 1998 international conference on & hellip ;   s guha   r rastogi   k shim   
a bist scheme using microprogram rom for large capacity memories proc . int . test conf   h koike   t takeshima   m takada  1990.0 
sessionless test scheme : power-constrained test scheduling for system-on-a-chip ml flottes   j pouget   b rouzeyre proceedings ifip international conference on very large    
early versus delayed initiation of progressive enteral feedings for parenterally fed low birth ka kennedy   je tyson   s chamnanvanikij 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
differences in chondrogenesis by proximal and distal chick wing bud cell suhpopulations after bj swalla   m solursh  1989.0 
on optimmtic methods for concurrency control acm trans h kun   j robinson  database syst    
ultrastructural localization of steroid sulphatase in cultured human fibroblasts by the histochemical journal   1988.0 r willemsen   m kroos   at hoogeveen   jm van dongen     
a simple computational market for network information services t mullen   mp wellman    
the american novel . a survey of 1966 r lehan wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0    
molecular approaches to assessing red sea urchin ( strongylocentrotus franciscanus ) populations : p debenham  1997.0 
multipoint communications-the key to groupworking wj clark   j boucher 1994.0  bt technology journal    
recent publications by ibm authors g locking   pru write-ahead   crl bit   em studies   1992.0  acm transactions on database systems    
fast rendering of reflections in nonuniform surfaces using a multi-scale environment map b okumura   t machida   n yokoya  proc . acm siggraph 2003    
the invention oftradition e hobsbawm   t ranger  new  
block decomposition of inheritance hierarchies c capelle  proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ;   1997.0 
university preprint ctp-tamu-17 / 92 ( 1992 ) submitted for m sawicki   am texas   
pseudohyphal development of saccharomyces cerevisiae contributions to microbiology   2000  2000.0 
construction of a dynamic thesaurus and its use for associative information retrieval h kimoto   t iwadera proceedings of acm sigir    
the coat colors of mice wk silvers 1979.0    
why are private benefits of control so large in certain countries and what effects does this have on a dyck   l zingales unpublished manuscript    
non-resonant pitch-angle scattering : comparison with the measurements for solar cosmic rays br ragot    
polit . ( 1997 ) â ?? new chance : final report on a comprehensive program for young mothers in poverty and jc quint   jm bos   f denise  executive summary   manpower demonstration research  
il fine vita dellâ ?? automobile : prospettive tecnologiche e ambientali a levizzari  area science park    
on fractional differences phil mag   a gemant   
the flaunting of artifice in vladimir nabokov and jorge luis borges p merivale wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
feedback queues with preemption-distance priorities m paterok   o fischer   l opta  proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;   1989.0 
remediation in texas : a prototype for national reform ? new directions for higher education   sr griffith   jm meyer  1999.0 
fql-a functional query language p beneman   re frankel proceedings   acm-sigmod    
8 and in california   9 cited work this as a source of discrimination i sedalia   
performance study of emerging serial storage interfaces : serial storage architecture ( ssa ) and fiber dhc du   j hsieh   t chang   y wang   s shim   
suresha   krithi ramamritham   proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world a datta   k dutta   h thomas   d vandermeer proceedings of the 2002 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
the emergence of the unmarked j mccarthy   a prince proceedings of nels   1994.0 
design of autonomous parvovirus vectors for tumor cell-targeted gene therapy : a functional f dupontâ ? ¦   
digital communications : new directions in switching and networks t soejima   h yamashita   h kuwahara  proc . mt. sew   .   zurich   switzerland   march    
a comparison of physiotherapy techniques for patients with parkinsonâ ?? s disease kh deane   d jones   c ellis-hill   ce clarke   ed cochrane database syst rev     2001.0 
development and evaluation of a hybrid piezoelectric actuator for advanced flap control technology 1999.0 p jaenker   v kloeppel   f hermle   s storm   m european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.    
structure and function of novel engineered thin films dy takamoto 1999.0    
methyl bromide in perspective n price  see ref    
intersection syndrome : a case report and review of the literature-diagnosis and operative treatment dp hanlon   jr luellen  journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
theoretical and empirical results in program testing t budd   r demillo   r lipton   f sayward proc . 9th acm popl   january    
seiq : a fast and scalable classifier for data mining [ r ] m mehta   r agrawal   j rissanen ibm almaden research center      
recovering binary class relationships : putting icing on the uml cake yg gueheneuc   h albin-amiot    
storage and retrieval of xml documents using object-relational databases t shimura   m yoshikawa   s uemura   
predicting academic performance of college students in the united states and in estonia . international journal of educational research   s ransdell   cm hawkins   r adams  2001.0 
ea leren etaleren h bergen    
chances of death k pearson london   i      
the effects of cognitive incongruity upon encoding behavior lc barrow   1960.0 
performance analysis of a forwarding scheme for handoff in hawaii c blondia   o casals   l cerda   g willems  lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
knowledge management : some â ?? thereâ ?? there j gantz  computerworld    
improving reverse engineering models with test-case related knowledge p benedusi information and software technology    
new demands for invehicle networks m krug   av schedl   
preliminary design review : pca integrated radar-tracker application jm lebak & hellip ; of technology lincoln laboratory technical report pca-irt-1      
campop wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1966.0 jj enck   
h. lu . h-tree-a dynamic associative search index for oodb c low   b ooi proceedings of the acm sigmod international    
us-mexican border environment : a road map to a sustainable . p ganster   
a cultural perspective on communication and governance wg tierney   jt minor new directions for higher education   2004.0    
gastric volvulus : two cases and a review of the literature lw milne   jj hunter   js anshus   p rosen journal of emergency medicine     1994.0 
lectures on the geometry of numbers 1989.0 cl siegel   k chandrasekharan   
deoxyribonuclease for cystic fibrosis ce kearney   ce wallis  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
effects of age at entry   knowledge intensity   and imitability on international growth e autio   hj sapienza   jg almeida academy of management  
a brief survey of papers on scheduling for pipelined processors sm krishamurthy acm sigplan notices   1990.0 
parametrization of postscript fonts through metafont : an alternative to adobe multiple master fonts electronic publishing   y haralambous   
dependence of high-speed elements â ?? aerodynamics on local heat sources in approaching flow vb axuiev   i ryibka   n savischenko   a kuranov proceedings of the 2â ?? d wig workshop      
garcia-molina . the evolution of the web and implications for an incremental crawler j cho andh  proc . of 26th int . conf . on very large data bases    
using audio-casi to collect data on domestic violence unpublished manuscript   manpower demonstration research & hellip ;   a gallup-black   
a code generation framework for vliw architectures with partitioned register banks s jang   s carr   p sweany   d kuras   
surgery for nonarteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy cochrane database syst rev   k dickersin   e manheimer  2000.0 
the case for large collections see ref   tt chang   
men in emergency nursing journal of emergency nursing   j johnston  1987.0 
the fornasiniâ ?? marchesini model with no overflow oscillations and its applications to 2-d digital t hinamoto    
tetrahedron asymmetry 2003.0 xs li   g chan   zy zhou   asc chan   
an efficient clustering algorithm for large data bases   sigmod 1998 proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   s guha   r rastogi   a cure   
the role of a digital librarian in the management of digital information systems ( dis ) v sreenivasulu 2000.0  electronic library    
a   butcher pn and clark jd 1980 j mcinnes phil .    
applying the agent paradigm to network management rg davison   j hardwicke   m cox bt technology journal   1998.0    
effects of age on foraging in birds j burger proc . int . ornithol . congr    
blood transfusion for treating malarial anaemia ( cochrane review ) m meremikwu   hj smith  cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
citrus leaf spot   a new mexican lime disease : a review s becerra   vm medina   jg garza   m orozco  proc . int . soc . citriculture    
fluorescence quenching measurements soc . 1997   119   8119 8120 . [ 8 ] [ 8a ] h.-g . lã ¶ hr   f. vã ¶ gtle acc . chem . res   f experiments   
predicting intonational phrasing from text ''   acl mq wang   j hirschberg proc . 29th annual meeting      
a joint source-channel coding scheme for image-in-image data hiding k solanki   o dabeer   bs manjunath   u madhow   s    
the trace of special values of modular l-functions d lanphier submitted for    
automatic verification of database transaction safety d stemple   t sheard  acm tods    
tax reform and the bond market . dc clapp new directions for higher education   1987.0 
predicting software 's minimum-time-to-hazard and mean-time-to-hazard for rare input events jm voas   kw miller   
a comparative study of alternative middle tier caching solutions a datta   k dutta   d fishman   k ramamritham   h  proceedings of the 2001 vldb  
a framework for physically-based information visualization tc sprenger   mh gross   a eggenberger   m kaufmann    
an analysis of oregon state university 's total quality management pilot program . le coate new directions for higher education     1993.0 
fallstudien som forskningsmetod lund : studentlitteratur sb merriam   1994.0 
vida : an environment for multidimensional image display and analysis ea hoffman   d gnanaprakasam   kb gupta   jd hoford    proc spie   1992.0 
on boolean functions   polynomials and algebraic threshold functions c gotsman unpublished    
are webliographies still in use ? electronic library   2004.0 d alimohammadi   
reactor simulator program for simulating vvã?r -1000 operation pe filimonov   vv mamichev   sp averâ ?? yanova at .  
effects of nitrogen and phosphorus enrichement on in vivo symbiotic zooxanthellae of pocillopora marine biology   1994.0 a snidvongs   ra kinzie   
science in ithaca wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 a fleishman   
poetry 1963 sf morse  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1964.0 
simulating an instructible interface : the turvy experience watch what i do : programming by demonstration   d maulsby   
program evaluation : a pluralistic enterprise wr shadish  new directions for program evaluation    
towards an information logic cj van rijsbergen  proceedings of the 12th annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   1989.0 
the misuse of evaluation in educational programs m dial new directions for program evaluation   1994.0    
sudden respiratory deterioration in the positive pressure ventilated patient : an organized approach journal of emergency medicine   dj beless   cm slovis  1996.0 
are there barbarians at the gates of information systems ? j fedorowitz   d lee   jj sviokla   b weber proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1996.0    
â ?? measurements of the magneto-electric susceptibility of polycrystalline chromium oxide phil . mag   th oâ ?? dell   
processing in memory : the terasys mas-sively parallel processor-in-memory array ieee m gohkle   b holmes   k iobst   
design of microwave beam-switching networks ml burrows   1983.0 
software insecurity t keefe   
efficient nearest neighbor indexing based on a collection of space-filling curves ibm almaden research center   san jose   ca   tech . rep. rj   n megiddo   u shaft   
avirulence factor avr4 of the tomato pathogen cladosporium fulvum is a chitin-binding lectin that submitted for publication   ha van den burg   sj harrison   m joosten   j   
a review and evaluation of software science acm computing surveys ( csur )   a fitzsimmons   t love  1978.0 
the at & t in-band adjacent channel system for digital audio broadcasting proc . int . symp . digital audio ns jayant   ey chen   jd johnston   sr quackenbush     
local packet nets heat up market . j dix computerworld.   1985.0 
life on the screen : identity in the age of the internet 1995.0 s turkle   
the role of the library in a new learning scenario ml bargellini electronic library   2001.0    
stakeholder influence strategies the academy of management review   j frooman  1999.0 
consumer health information provision in the trent region ca stevens   a morris   j rolinson electronic library   1996.0 
a framework for effective retrieval acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 ct yu   w meng   s park   
parallel computer systems : performance instrumentation and visualization 1990.0 r koskela   m simmons acm press frontier series    
first-class views : a key to user-centered computing and slimmer tiers a rosenthal   e sciore   
recovering photon-intensity information from continuous photo-detector measurements   '' ao hero  proceedings of the 25-thconference on information sciences  
the education function in a digital library environment : a challenge for college and research electronic library   hm kibirige  2001.0 
interventions for treating scabies 2000.0 gj walker   pw johnstone cochrane database syst rev    
expert opinion in program evaluation d nevo new directions for program evaluation      
school counselors perceptions of current violence intervention/prevention programs a dalhoe  1999.0 
memory hits a glass ceiling s canter pc magazine   1993.0 
a variational approach to spline curves on surfaces 2004.0 h pottmann   m hofer submitted for publication    
assessing innovative methods new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 nl smith   
mutations in the dhcr24 gene encoding 3î ² - hydroxysteroid 24-reductase cause autosomal recessive 2001.0 hr waterham   j koster   gj romeijn   p vreken   rc   
a bias removal technique for the prediction-based blind adaptive multichannel deconvolution d gesbert   p duhamel   s mayrargue   
a literature review of the treatment and education for autistic and related communication 2003.0 td peerenboom   
visualization studies of polymer melt flow anomalies in extrusion n bergem  procs 7th int congr rheol   gothenberg    
designing buffers for router line cards s iyer   rr kompella   n mckeown stanford university hpng technical report-tr02-hpng-031001    
a rationale for modeling dynamic ecological systems see ref   ne kowal   
practical dependence testing g goff   k kennedy   cw tseng proceedings of the acm sigplan 1991 conference on & hellip ;   1991.0    
o @ rnization of nested sql queries revisited ra ganski   hkt wung  proc . 1987 sigmod   may    
wolfe . boundingdelaysinpacketrouting networks proc . 27th acm stoc   m harchol-balterandd   
varieties of investigative evaluation . nl smithâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation   1992.0    
checking the congruence between a program and its organizational environment new directions for program evaluation   c roberts-gray   ma scheirer   
recombinant growth hormone in children and adolescents with turner syndrome cb cave   j bryant   r milne 2003.0  cochrane database syst rev    
toxicologic evaluation of fk 506 . transplantation proceedings   1990.0 k ohara   r billington   rw james   ga dean   m   
on the exact security of full domain hash 2000.0 js coron lecture notes in computer science    
the escalation of commitment to a course of action bm staw 1981.0  the academy of management review    
computer im deutschunterricht   fernstudieneinheit 14   langenscheidt   mã 1/4 nchen   2000 m grã?ner   t hassert   
an efficient domain-independent algorithm for detecting approximately duplicate database records [ c ] em alvaro   e charles proceedings of the acm-sigmod workshop on research issues on    
review of research on ta training . rd abbott new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0    
advances in program theory nl smith   l bickman new directions for program evaluation  
national rural services survey 2000 isbn   c agency   
on integrals of the hydrodynamical equations which express vortex motion h helmholtz  phil . mag    
a complete axiomatization of real-time processes r gerber   i lee   a zwarico & hellip ; of pennsylvania { submitted for publication   february  
couples coping with a myocardial infarction : a contextual perspective on wivesâ ?? distress journal of personality and social psychology   jc coyne   daf smith  1991.0 
use of synthesized speech in automated computer interviews l lenert   d michaelson   m bergen   m parineh  technical report 3   stanford university   stanford center for the  
scientific autobiography and other papers m planck    
model 241/243/244 splitbeam digital echo sounder system operatorâ ?? s manual   version 1.8 hydroacoustic technology inc.   seattle   washington   ht inc   
market efficiency and the returns to technical analysis h bessembinder   k chan    
surpassing the love of men : romantic friendship and love between women from the renaissance to the l faderman   
relationship of gender to agricultural awareness and interest among rural middle school youth : ca conroy   kd kelsey & hellip ; education research meeting conference proceedings    
finding near-replicas of documents on the web lecture notes in computer science   n shivakumar   h garcia-molina  1999.0 
osteometrie g brã $ uer anthropologie i    
papers no. 691 and 694 submitted to this conference b aubertâ ? ¦   
challenges for copyright in a digital age 1997.0 id bramhill   mrc sims bt technology journal    
conformation and evolution f structure voi .  
the relationship between environmental commitment and managerial perceptions of stakeholder i henriques   p sadorsky the academy of management journal   1999.0 
of central places   cities and seaports j bird geography    
document classification on neural networks using only positive examples ( poster session ) lm manevitz   m yousef 2000.0  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;    
first-class views : a key to user-centered computing . acms anthology sigmod record     1999.0 
power load management as a computational market f ygge   h akkermans    
dental filling materials ( posterior composites ) based on inorganic/organic copolymers ( ormocers ) h wolter   w storch   h ott  proc int symp macromolecules    
hash functions based on block ciphers : a synthetic approach b preneel   r govaerts   j vandewalle lecture notes in computer science     1994.0 
conductor routing and via elimination in the sprint system stanford university   digital systems laboratory   technical kr stevens   
partitioning dependence in nonstationary behavioral sequences n oden see hazlett    
the influence of wind on waves in water supposed frictionless phil mag   w kelvin   
optimization of nested sql queries revisited   procs acm sigmod ( san francisco   may r ganski   h wang   
hydrofluoric acid : a review of toxicity . jc bertolini journal of emergency medicine     1992.0 
washington gap project mammal distribution models   version 5 re johnson   km cassidy 2002.0    
newer biophysical methods for membrane analysis in ntact red cells sb shohet    
management issues for the virtual library t hooper electronic library   2001.0 
neotraditional developments : the anatomy of a new urban form urban geography   1995.0 ej mccann   
when does it make sense to linearly combine relevance scores ? poster in c vogt proceedings of acm    
efficient svm training using low-rank kernel representations 2001.0 s fine   k scheinberg journal of machine learning research    
storage technology takes central state g lawton  ieee computer    
status of the spallation neutron source n holtkamp  procs . of this conference    
numerische methoden spektrum akademischer verlag 2000 j faires   rl burden    
transnational retail in emerging markets : insights from tescoâ ?? s experience in east asia & hellip ; annual conference of association of american geographers   & hellip ;   n wrigley   a currah   
gender differences in testing for syphilis in emergency department patients diagnosed with sexually m garfinkel   h blumstein journal of emergency medicine   1999.0    
vaccines for preventing influenza in people with cystic fibrosis cochrane database syst rev   a tan   p bhalla   r smyth  2000.0 
a flora of santa cruz island : santa barbara botanic garden s junak   t ayers   r scott   d wilken   d young santa barbara   california    
calpain upregulation in spinal cords of mice with 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1   2   3   6-tetrahydropyridine ( annals-new york academy of sciences   2000.0 sk ray   gg wilford   sf ali   nl banik   
adaptive bang-bang-control for processes containig switching actuators ( eine adaptive u hoffmann  1987.0 
an effective algorithm for mining of association rules js parkâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;      
living with floods : victims ' perceptions in beijiang   guangdong   china kk wong   x zhao area   2001.0 
shifting paradigms with the application service provider model l tao    
a comparison of search term weighting : term relevance vs. inverse document frequency h wu   g salton acm sigir forum     1981.0 
self-tuning histograms : building histograms without looking at data aa ac   s chaudhuri  proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
the nearest neighbor problem in information retrieval : an algorithm using upperbounds 1981.0 af smeaton   cj van rijsbergen acm sigir forum    
on market timing and investment performance i i : an   rc merton   
a general perspective on nomad-sedentary relations in the middle east see ref   f barth   
recent developments in estimating polychlorinated biphenyl ( pcb ) losses from confined disposal te myers   ja miller   fl snitz 1988.0  water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;    
randomized algorithms for optimizing large join queries   acm sigmod int y ioannidis   y kang conference on management of data      
adult and pediatric pharyngitis : a review . rb vukmir 1992.0  journal of emergency medicine    
absorptive capacity : a review   reconceptualization   and extension sa zahra   g george academy of management review     2002.0 
physio-chemical removal of phosphorus from aerated lagoonsâ ?? a case study ks narasaih   c morasse   j lemay proceedings of the international conference on management & hellip ;      
factors affecting compliance with cyclosporine in adult renal transplant patients 1994.0 i sketris   n waite   k grobler   m west transplantation proceedings    
results of lawyersâ ?? work and family study of alternative schedules at law firms in the district of unpublished l chavez   
the slatec mathematical subroutine library acm signum newsletter   1982.0 wh vandevender   kh haskell   
landslides on exmoor caused by the storm of 15th of august 1952 geography   j gifford   
towards situational methods for information systems development : engineering reusable method chunks j ralyte procs . 13th int . conf . on information systems development . & hellip ;      
the development and control of respiratory pathways in slices of plant storage organs gg laties see ref    
sss : â ?? a knowledge-based approach to resource scheduling in an f-16 fighter training unit.â ?? term f evren middle east technical university    
s. ; s ca hill   j. ; d iebold   j. the production of liquid fuel by fast pyrolysis of biomass proc . intersoc . energy convers . eng . conf . 28th ( 1993 ) nik czer   
building and using a highly programmable logic array m gokhale   w holmes   a kosper   s lucas   r minnich   ieee computer      
people and places . teacher 's resources . social studies and the young learner   ph porterâ ? ¦  1996.0 
virtual documents that explain how things work : dynamically generated question-answering documents t gruber   s vemuri   j rice    
equi-depth multidimensional histograms proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   m muralikrishna   dj dewitt  1988.0 
pragmatic questions about parental liability statutes wisconsin law review   1996.0 nr cahn   
full text pdf format pdf ( 35 kb ) source the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large p apers   s ceri   r snodgrass the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large & hellip ;     2002.0 
fostering collaboration proc . acm intern . conf . r conflicts   
the housing indicators program : a model for evaluation research and policy analysis ? sk mayo new directions for program evaluation    
the university of delft geotechnical centrifuge hgb allersma proc . int . conf    
computer generated animation of faces fi parke proceedings of the acm annual conference-volume 1   1972.0    
millau : an encoding format for efficient representation and exchange of xml over the web m girardot   n sundaresan www9 / computer networks   2000.0 
ionensensitive feldeffekttransistoren als messwandler in chemischen analysensystemen auf p woias 1994.0    
an effective hash-based algorithm for mining association rules . in : proc . of the 1995 acm sigmod js park   1995.0 
capital costs in economic program evaluation : the case of mental health services nl cannon   t mcguire   b dickey new directions for program evaluation    
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large data sets s guha   r rastogi   k shim published in the proceedings of the acm sigmod conference      
tappi pulp . conf j basta   l holtinger   as hã $ llstrã ¶ m   p lundgren  1994.0 
information storage and retrieval using avl trees cc foster proc . acm 20th nat . conf      
efficient management of transactions relationships in large data and knowlage bases r agrawal   a bargia   hv jagadish proc . of acm sigmod   portland   june      
the microbial genetic algorithm 1996.0 i harvey unpublished manuscript    
a unifying criterion for blind source separation and decorrelation : simultaneous diagonalization of hc wu   jc principe proceedings of nnsp &#39; 97     1997.0 
dependence on a horizontally adjacent cell discharge of addressing discharge time lag in ac pdp cell m makino   e mizobata   k toki  proc . int . diplay workshop    
cck 4-induced panic and the differences between panickers and non-panickers : psychological i jerabek   jp boulenger   j bradwejn   yj lavalleã?e 1997.0    
emancipation and execution : transferring children to criminal court in capital cases wisconsin law review   kh federle  1996.0 
the effects of criminal activity on youth labor market performance j grogger    
model instantiation for query driven simulation in active kdl ja miller   wd potter   kj kochut   or weyrich jr   
on parallel execution of multiple pipelined hash joins ms chen   h hsiao   ps yu  proc . of acm sigmod  
psychotherapeutic change : an alternative approach to meaning and measurement ar mahrer 1985.0    
wiley-vch   weinheim   2000 ; m ) ae kaifer acc . chem . res   m switches   
modeling for all scales academic press 2000 ht odum   ec odum    
supporting extensible buffer replacement strategies in database system s bressan   cl goh   bc ooi   kl tan  1999.0 
the middle west jf hart geography     1962.0 
indigenous forest-dwelling communities in indonesiaâ ?? s outer islands : livelihood   rights   and c zerner unpublished manuscript      
interventions for pathological gambling ma oakley-browne   p adams   pm mobberley 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
primary rate user-network interfaceâ ?? layer 1 specification i recommendation    
the ethereal hand : organizational economics and management theory l donaldson 1990.0  the academy of management review    
learning algorithm for nonparametric filtering sy efroimovich   ms pinsker automat . i telemeh    
smoothed bootstrap and statistical data cloning for classifier evaluation g shakhnarovich   r el-yaniv   y baram   
gibraltar strait crossingâ ?? a challenge to bridge and structural engineers . ty lin   p chow  struct . eng . int . ( iabse   zurich   switzerland )    
exit   voice   loyalty   and neglect : responses to dissatisfaction in romantic involvements ce rusbult   im zembrodt   lk gunn  journal of personality and social psychology    
isomo loruko : the yoruba naming ceremony . middle level learning . p kafi   a singer 1998.0  social studies and the young learner    
electron density models for assessment studiesâ ?? new developments r leitinger   s radicella   b nava  proceedings of the cost271 workshop   sopron   hungary   25-29  
query execution strategies for caching expensive methods j hellerstein   j naughton proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data    
what a temporal gis can do for cadastral systems 1995.0 kka ai-taha   au frank   
guided tissue regeneration for periodontal infra-bony defects ( cochrane review ) ig needleman   e giedrys-leeper   rj tucker   hv cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
perinatal loss : assisting parents to cope mh hutti journal of emergency nursing   1988.0 
social reference points and accessibility of trait-related information in self-other similarity jj karylowski journal of personality and social psychology    
fiction chronicle wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 re kuehn   
heterostructure integrated thermionic cooling of opteoelectronic devices cj labounty   
the bowing of a dislocation segment aje foreman phil . mag      
organizational and retrieval processes in person memory : an examination of processing objectives   tk srull journal of personality and social psychology      
toomey & unknown ; syringe aspiration may be inaccurate in detecting esophageal intubation after gs chew   gm vilke   dp davis   tc chan journal of emergency medicine   2002.0 
the affective responses of ethnic minority readers to indigenous ghetto literature : a measurement ll sherrill   1972.0 
hierarchies of partitions and morphological segmentation lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 f meyer   
an efficient subdivision inversion for wavemesh-based progressive compression of 3d triangle meshes 2003.0 s valette   j rossignac   r prost submitted for publication    
the removal of gallstones by ether solution lancet i   jw walker   
geologic map of the goleta quadrangle tw dibblee jr  santa barbara county   california : santa barbara   california   & hellip ;    
vizard -- an innovative tool for video navigation   retrieval and editing h rehatschek   g kienast proceedings of the 23rd workshop of pva &#39; multimedia and  
causality filters : a tool for the online visualization and steering of parallel and distributed e kraemer    
harold monro cn pondrom 1967.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
biogas production   heat recovery and simultaneous anaerobic treatment of brewery wastewater . m eeckhaut   k putteman   p pipyn   j toye & hellip ; of research and demonstration projects . elsevier applied & hellip ;   1987.0    
the university without walls ( uww ) program at loretto heights college : individualization for adults . e greenberg new directions for higher education     1980.0 
two-year results of a program to reduce poverty and reform welfare jm bos   ac huston   rc granger   gj duncan   tw brock new york : manpower demonstration research . corp. brown   l.   & hellip ;      
pitt   ha iron deficiency alters sphincter of oddi motility kp murray   hs kaufman   mk fox-talbot   kd lillemoe submitted for    
aortic dissection and turner 's syndrome : case report and review of the literature-new aspects of l bordeleau   a cwinn   m turek   k barron-klauninger  journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
the importance of long-range dependence of vbr traffic in atm traffic engineering : myths and bk ryu   a elwalid proc . acm sigcomm    
the laptop initiative in the graphic communications management program at the university of 2004.0 bp klinger   
the indiana center for database systems acm sigmod record   1991.0 j copler   
treatment discontinuation with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( ssris ) versus tricyclic c barbui   m hotopf   n freemantle   j boynton   r  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
collective self-esteem and ingroup bias j crocker   r luhtanen  journal of personality and social psychology    
collaborative browsing and visualization of the search process elvira-proceedings -   mb twidale   dm nichols  1996.0 
comparing the performance of distributed hash tables under churn j li   j stribling   tm gil   r morris   f kaashoek   
netbook-knowledge based support for readers and writers d shasha proceedings of vldb      
project 9   1997   â ?? lt twidwell   m activity iii arsenic removal demonstration project   â ?? work plan   montana  
stereo-electron microscopy of self-ion radiation damage in aluminum single crystals 1973.0 e johnson   y ytterhus phil . mag.    
teaching in the information age : a new look mj albright  new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
recovering from main-memory lapses hv jagadish   a silberschatz   s sudarshan vldb   1993.0 
misconceptions about real-time computing ieee computer   ja stankovic   
nicotine for alzheimerâ ?? s disease jm lopez-arrieta   jl rodriguez   f sanz cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
attitude accessibility as a moderator of the attitude-perception and attitude-behavior relations : an rh fazio   cj williams journal of personality and social psychology   1986.0 
arand g. vattay   on thepropagation of long-range dependence in the internet a veres   z kenesi   s moln proceedings of acm    
token ring local area networks : a comparison of experimental and theoretial performance . j sventek   w greiman   mo ` dell   a jansen computer networks     1984.0 
internet telephony : architecture and protocols an ietf perspective 1999.0 h schulzrinne   j rosenberg   
streamminer : a classifier ensemble-based engine to mine concept-drifting data streams proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   w fan  2004.0 
tinker : a program by demonstration system for beginning programmers h lieberman watch what i do : programming by    
materialized view selection for multidimensional database proceedings of 24 international conference on very large & hellip ;   a shukla   p deshpande   
a social reasoning mechanism based on dependence networks c castelfranchi   r conte   y demazeau   j sichman  procs . of  
the stress concentration in a cylindrical shell with an elliptical cutout o tingleff  technical university of  
a photographic memory for the digital age l grunin  pc magazine-american edition -   1994.0 
mugec : automatic music genre classification h deshpande   u nam   r singh  technical report   stanford university   june  
closed-form expressions for map time-migration in vti media and applicability of map depth-migration h douma   m de hoop 2003.0    
reproducing kernels and riccati equations h dym    
coupling developmental rules and evolution to aid in planning network growth bt technology journal   2000.0 r shipman   p botham   p coker   
bireality : mutually-immersive telepresence np jouppi   s iyer   s thomas   a slayden proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
group nearest neighbor queries d papadias   q shen   y tao   k mouratidis   
social-cognitive conceptualization of attachment working models : availability and accessibility 1996.0 mw baldwin   jpr keelan   b fehr   v enns   e koh - journal of personality and social psychology    
optimal policies for a multi-echelon inventory problem aj clark   h scarf management  
â ?? quel as a data & pe proceedings of the 1984 acm-sigmod conference on the & hellip ;   m stonebrakerâ ? ¦   
polybrominated diphenyl ethers : distribution of tetra-and pentabromo-congeners in c57 bl mice po darnerud   s risberg  submitted for publication    
characteristics of protein removal in hemodiafiltration contributions to nephrology   st kim  1994.0 
electromagnetic radiation from cylindrical structures jr wait   
die sonnenkorona m waldmeier i ( basel : birkhauser )     1951.0 
spatialjoinsusingseededtrees proceedingsof the acm sigmod conference   minneapolis   mn   rcv loml   
opioid antagonists for alcohol dependence m srisurapanont   n jarusuraisin cochrane database syst rev   2002.0    
tap : a semantic web platform computer networks   r guha   r mccool  2003.0 
influence of storage temperature and coating on the keeping quality of â ?? fortuneâ ?? mandarins proc . int . soc . citriculture   jm martinez-javega   c saucedo   ma del rio   m   
reliability aspects of optical fibre systems and networks p cochrane   djt heatley bt technology journal   1994.0 
schizosaccharomyces pombe gad7 j kanoh   y watanabe   m ohsugi   y iino   m yamamoto genes to cells   1996.0    
transition metal-promoted sifica and alumina catalysts for the selective reduction of nitrogen jh sinfelt acc chem res      
using evaluation indicators to track the performance of education programs g psacharopoulos new directions for program evaluation    
role of consciousness and accessibility of death-related thoughts in mortality salience effects j greenberg   t pyszczynski   s solomon   l simonâ ? ¦ journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
cell volume-sensitive chloride channels y okada 1998.0  contributions to nephrology    
systems employing the dempster shafer uncertainty calculus kk bharadwaj   gc neerja   hcpr goel information and software    
lnternst broadoastinl d boggs phd thesis   stanford university   also xerox parc technical    
earthquake vulnerability in the middle east geography   mr degg   j homan   
draft of a paper ( or series of papers ) on chaitinâ ?? s work ... done for the most part during the rm solovay  unpublished  
study of an auto-refrigerating cascade system z shaozhi   c guangming   z hongxian  2000.0 
xrel : a path-based approach to storage and retrieval of xml documents using relational databases m yoshikawa   t amagasa   t shimura   s uemura  acm transactions on internet technology   2001.0 
the agrifood industry in eastern europe   agrifood east and west c juran conf . procs    
the ising model on the ring : mutation versus recombination lecture notes in computer science   s fischer   i wegener  2004.0 
21 and in california   27   jefferson city 33   cited this source of discrimination i sedalia    
boards of directors and firm performance : integrating agency and resource dependence perspectives 2003.0 aj hillman   t dalziel academy of management review    
the asilomar report on database research sigmod record 27 ( 4 )   b authors   
a cache visualization tool e deijl   g kanbier   o temam   ed granston ieee computer    
eversion versus conventional carotid endarterectomy for preventing stroke ( cochrane review ) pg cao   p de rango   s zannetti   g giordano   s cochrane database syst rev     2001.0 
scanning iqe-measurement and accurate current determination on large area solar cells b fischer   m keil   p fath   e bucher   
yu . a. nikolaev   yu . r. kevorkyan   et al.   â ?? embrittlement of low-alloy structural steel under av nikolaeva at .  
breast disorders : a review for emergency physicians ml givens   m luszczak 2002.0  journal of emergency medicine    
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining rammm mehta   j shafer vldb   proceedings of 24th international conference on very & hellip ;    
intensity and fine structure of the main optical absorption bands in hydrated cobaltous salts phil . mag   s koide   
building theories from case study research km eisenhardt the academy of management review   1989.0    
contingency perspectives of organizational strategy : a critical review of the empirical research a ginsberg   n venkatraman  the academy of management review   1985.0 
how organizations differ : implications for multisite program evaluation sj guastello   dd guastello new directions for program evaluation    
predictors of naturalistic sexual aggression nm malamuth 1986.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
a review of software testing . information and software technology   pd coward  1988.0 
iceland internet shopping j wittgreffe   r memmory bt technology journal     2000.0 
a comparison of red 's byte and packet modes computer networks   2003.0 wm eddy   m allman   
a 2d neuromorphic vlsi architecture for modeling selective attention g indiveri submitted for publication     1999.0 
tã 1/4 rkiye jeolojisine genel bir bakis i ketin istanbul technical university publication      
gradual handling of contradiction in argumentation frameworks c cayrol   mc lagasquie-schiex intelligent systems for information processing : from & hellip ;      
h-trees : a dynamic associative search index for 00db proceedings   acm sigmod   cc low   bc ooi   h lu   
social justice   evaluation   and the educational system new directions for program evaluation   1990.0 dp ericson   
portals : toward an application framework for interoperability ma smith communications-acm   2004.0    
bilateral mesh filtering s fleishman   i drori   d cohen-or proceedings of acm siggraph 2003      
high-frequency epr of octahedral mn ( ii ) compounds with large zero-field splittings acc . chem . res   dml goodgame   h el mkami   gm smith   jp zhao   ejl  1998.0 
modis leaf area index ( lai ) and fraction of photosynthetically active radiation absorbed by y knyazikhin   j glassy   jl privette   y tian   a    
urban centers in the central puget sound region : a baseline summary and comparison psr council  puget sound regional council   seattle   washington   usa    
two methods of rijndael implementation in reconfigurable hardware v fischer   m drutarovsky lecture notes in computer science     2001.0 
technology transfer and the university 1990.0 gw matkin   
30   2000   the group had entered into the following interest rate option agreements : a september  at september    
stratigraphy   tectonics   paleoclimatology and paleogeography of northern basins of brazil 1984.0 mv caputo   
analysis of a hailstorm using dual-wavelength data re rinehart conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;   1984.0 
microsoft windows 2000 tcp/ip protocols and services technical reference t lee   j davies  2000.0 
removal of phenols from coke-plant wastewater by solvent extraction b prasad   g singh environment protection engineering   1993.0    
neuro-genetic prediction of software development effort kk shukla  information & software technology   2000.0 
analysis of the relationship between workers and employers perceptions of important job skills rk morgan  2000.0 
an anti-aliasing technique for splatting je swan   k mueller   t moeller   n shareef   r proc . visualization      
a model for aids education d longshore new directions for program evaluation   1990.0 
surgery for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia pl martin-hirsch   e paraskevaidis   h kitchener  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
assessment of the memorial student center staff on high performance leadership characteristics lpc instrument   2001.0 
tutorial on data fusion in information retrieval pb kantor acm sigir . seattle washington    
scott corson institute for systems research university of maryland college park m authorsâ ?? addresses    
duplicate record removal in large data files d bitton   dj dewitt  acm tods    
the effect of join selectivities on optimal nesting order sigmod record   a kumar   m stonebraker  1987.0 
hate in cyberspace : regulating hate speech on the internet a tsesis  san diego law review   2001.0 
fracture mechanics and infrared measurements of the selfdiffusion of chains in polymer melt hh kausch   k jud proc . 28th iupac macromolecular symposium      
energy star pcs   power to the pc pc magazine   b nadel   
visualization of a pdp discharge growth and an interpretation of the growth mechanism t shiga   k igarashi   s mikoshiba  proc . int . display workshop    
nabokov 's dialectical structure ct williams 1967.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
orientation dependence of the threshold displacement energy in copper and vanadium phil . mag   ea kenik   te mitchell   
quantum theory of atoms   molecules and the solid state w shockley   ja copeland   rp james new york : academic      
source acm sigmod record archive hv jagadish acm sigmod record     1990.0 
message proxies for e-cient & hellip ; communication on smp clusters   '' ibm almaden research report & hellip ;   bh lim   p heidelberger   p pattnaik   m snir   
there 's more to self-esteem than whether it is high or low : the importance of stability of self - journal of personality and social psychology   mh kernis   dp cornell   cr sun   a berry  1993.0 
informix-online xps : a dynamically scalable rdbms for open parallel platforms h spintzik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0    
product liability   punitive damages   business decisions and economic outcomes wisconsin law review   s garber  1998.0 
risk   precaution and environmental values s jasanoff    
pharmacokinetics of mycophenolate mofetil ( rs61443 ) : a short review transplant proc   1996.0 res bullingham   a nicholls   m hale   
boolean programs : a model and process for software analysis t ball   sk rajamani   
the revolt of the admirals . pr schratz   
on the instability of a cylinder of viscous liquid under capillary force l rayleigh phil . mag      
local tools : an alternative proc . acm uist   bb bederson   jd hollan   a druin   j stewart   d   
datarover : a taxonomy based crawler for automated data extraction from data-intensive websites h davulcu   s koduri   s nagarajan   
designing global applications for wireless devices with java and xml a dabkowski   am jankowska   k kurbel    
full text pdf format pdf ( 7 kb ) source acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) archive p kolaitis   mj franklin acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   2004.0    
criticism   1964 r ohmann wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
defining and explaining tropical deforestation : shifting cultivation and population growth in l jarosz economic geography   1993.0 
heterogeneous processing rf freund   hj siegel ieee computer    
strategy and environment : a conceptual integration lj bourgeois iii  the academy of management review   1980.0 
vertebral artery dissection due to minor neck trauma journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 dj debehnke   w brady   
banking information systems v shmerko   s yanushkevich technical university of    
the end of shared governance : looking ahead or looking back r birnbaum  new directions for higher education   2004.0 
on compact encoding of pagenumber k graphs c gavoille   n hanusse 2001.0  submitted for publication    
a mathematical model of the paris metro pricing scheme for charging packet networks d ros   b tuffin computer networks   2004.0 
verso : a backend relational machine proc . sixth vldb   e bancilhon   
a visual programming environment for automatic programming proc 21st hawaii int . coqf â ?? on system sciences   ieee   nc shu   
virtual opacs versus union database : two models of union catalogue provision s cousins electronic library   1999.0 
investigation of tritium removal by water flows from the territory of the krasnoyarsk geochemical av nosov   am martynova   vf shabanovâ ? ¦ at .    
summary : developing a successful measurement program d baugher new directions for program evaluation     1981.0 
optimal service capacity for a single-bus mobility allowance shuttle transit ( mast ) system submitted for publication   2004.0 j zhao   m dessouky   
floods : an insurable risk ? : a market survey s gaschen  1998.0 
beginning graduate school : explaining first-year doctoral attrition cm golde 1998.0  new directions for higher education    
passage retrieval vs document retrieval for factoid question proc . acm sigir conference   cla clarke   el terra   
school library web sites : 1996-2002 electronic library   la clyde  2004.0 
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation and acupuncture-like transcutaneous electrical nerve jg gadsby   mw flowerdew cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
a community corrections study : the lsi as a predictor of program success p philbrick   i gat   l guisti  unpublished manuscript    
foâ `` ll   h.   and hu   sm   1981 ty tan  phil .  
the influence of national culture on the formation of technology alliances by entrepreneurial firms hk steensma   l marino   km weaver   ph dickson academy of management journal     2000.0 
synergetics h haken naturwissenschaften   1980.0 
management fashion e abrahamson the academy of management review     1996.0 
interventions for preventing oral mucositis for patients with cancer receiving treatment je clarkson   hv worthington   ob eden cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
computation of multidimensional aggregates pm deshpande   s agarwal   jf naughton   r   
physiological responses to moderate water stress kj bradford   tc hsiao  encyclopedia of plant physiology   1982.0 
biometry ms degree program b yandell   1995.0 
towards effective indexing for very large video sequence database ht shen   bc ooi   x zhou proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     2005.0 
parameterized queries and nesting equivalences ca galindo-legaria   
programming microsoft directshow for digital video and television m pesce 2003.0    
rule execution testing and action execution in ariel en hanson  proceedings of  
proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world wide web : an approach and a datta   k dutta   h thomas   d vandermeer   k acm transactions on database systems     2004.0 
an overview of the singularity project g hunt   jr larus   m abadi   m aiken   p barham   m   
improving text categorization methods for event detection y yang   t ault   t pierce   c lattimer  proc . acm sigir    
building editing skills : putting students at the center of the editing process new directions for teaching and learning   r murie  1997.0 
on structured singular values of reciprocal matrices s yamamoto   h kimura    
elastogenesis in rat arterial grafts : elastin deposits on microfibrillar and non-microfibrillar c lethias   e chignier   r garrone   dj hartmann   r the histochemical journal   1988.0    
photo loi : browsing multi-user photo collections 2005.0 r nair   n reid   m davis proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
explanation structures in xsel k kukich proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ;   1985.0    
bucket spreading parallel hash : a new robust   parallel hash join method for data skew in the super mk kg901   y ogawa  proc . of 16th vldb conference    
more than just a pretty interface : access   content   and relevance in computer technology . social studies and the young learner   b mitchell-powell  1995.0 
handling summary information in a database h sato sigmod rec      
women in engineering program advocates network ( wepan ) conference seattle   washington   june   le schumaker   
concurrency control in a system for distributed databases acm tods   bb pa   dw shipman   jb rothnr jr   
system desiderata for xml databases a salminen   fw tompa  proceedings of the 27th vldb conference   roma   italy 2001.0 
automated model selection based on relevance reasoning a levy   y iwasaki   r fikes 1995.0    
output-based objective speech quality measure using self-organizing map d picovici   ae mahdi    
a first-class approach to genericity e allen   j bannet   r cartwright   
a new approach to alas/gaas quantum dot structures using movpe on tetrahedral-shaped recesses formed y sakuma   y sugiyama   s muto   n yokoyama 1994.0    
group-delay measurements using phase-shift method : improvement on the accuracy t niemi   g genty   h ludvigsen    
sql query optimization : reordering for a general class of queries p goel   b iyer sigmod conference     1996.0 
the information center : fast relief from programming backlog computerworld   t dotson   
de frivillige organisasjoners framvekst og utvikling i norge j raaum  i nou    
effects of withdrawal of a performance-contingent reward on supervisory influence and power cn greene   pm podsakoff the academy of management journal   1981.0    
the influence of bolaamphiphilic steroid dimer on the formation and structure of bilayer lipid 1999.0 s kalinowski   z lotowski   jw morzycki cellular and molecular biology letters    
smartbo g elger   b furugren an ict and computer-based demonstration home for the & hellip ;    
manual removal of placenta at caesarean section c wilkinson   mw enkin cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
tests for conjunctions submitted for publication   kj worsley   
andv . cheh . 2000 a zambrowski  & hellip ; of the home health prospective payment  
full text indexing based on lexical relations an application : software libraries ys maarek   fz smadja acm sigir forum   1989.0    
protected fishes of the united states and canada . american fisheries society   bethesda je johnson md      
kristina s. johnson pofsap by  2000.0 
drug storage temperatures in rescue vehicles journal of emergency medicine   wc dubois  2000.0 
camus and hemingway r lehan 1960.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
evidence for specific phases in the development of human neuromelanin : implications for dopamine h federow   gm halliday   c richertâ ? ¦ 2004.0    
evaluating the central piers of the maracaibo bridge   venezuela . struct . eng . int . ( iabse   zurich   switzerland )   international & hellip ;   a sarcos   g hildrun   
self-tuning histograms : building histograms without looking at data 1999.0 a aboulnaga   s chaudhuri sigmod conference    
compiler-guided register reliability improvement against soft errors j yan   w zhang proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0    
dynamic multidimensional histograms s guha   p indyk   n koudas   n thaper proc . acm sigmod    
final summary report g wright west coast demonstration project . april      
human ubiquitin-protein ligase nedd4 : expression   subcellular localization and selective interaction t anan   y nagata   h koga   y honda   n yabuki   c genes to cells     1998.0 
performance evaluation and monitoring h lucas jr  acm computing surveys ( csur )   1971.0 
finding maximal quasiperiodities in strings gs brodal   cns pedersen   
adaptive neural network classifier with multifloat input coding proceedings of neuronimes &#39; 93   nimes   france   oct. 25-29   & hellip ;   em kussul   tn baidyk   vv lukovich   da rachkovskij   
voice over ip is hereâ ??   internet trends h this pc magazine online   january    
in dd williams & hellip ; evaluation : new directions for program evaluation   ys lincoln   eg guba   
gender perceptions of preservice early childhood mt hendricks  2000.0 
the collisions of particles with hydrogen nuclei j chadwick   es bieler  phil . mag    
reflecting on the ethics and values of our practice ra smith 1996.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
vectorized â ?? â ?? topoâ ?? â ?? program for the theoretical simulation of molecular shape f torrens   e orti   j sanchez-marin 1991.0  aip conference proceedings    
child laborers in children 's literature . middle level learning . ll lamme social studies and the young learner     1998.0 
multidisciplinary biopsychosocial rehabilitation for subacute low back pain among working age adults k karjalainen   a malmivaara   m van tulder   r roine cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
stanford informationâ cents filtering tool tw yan   h garcia-molina computer science technical report   stanford university      
absolute stability and dynamic complementarity vs kozyakin   a mandelbaum  submitted for  
an evaluation of buer management strategies   '' proceedings of the 11th vldb ht chou   dj dewitt   
the role of learning support in the development and implementation of a key skills programme and an 1997.0 b hunter electronic library    
und v. wulf ( eds . ) : vernetztes lernen mit digitalen medien proceedings der tagung d-cscl 2000   physica   heidelberg   s uellner   
alternative approaches to the employee-organization relationship : does investment in employees pay as tsui   jl pearce   lw porter   am tripoli the academy of management journal     1997.0 
rabbit : ac compiler for scheme technical report   massachusetts institute of technology   may gl steele jr   
carbon monoxide poisoning : a review for clinicians-outcome of patients treated with normobaric j varonâ ? ¦ 1999.0  journal of emergency medicine    
on parallel execution of multiple pipelined hash joins hi hsiao   ms chen   ps yu  sigmod conference   1994.0 
acupuncture for idiopathic headache ( cochrane review ) d melchart   k linde   p fischer   b berman   a white   cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
a review and empirical evaluation of parameter weighting methods for a class of lazy learning d wettschereck   dw aha   t mohri  artificial intelligence review    
fast nearest neighbor search in medical image databases f korn   c faloutsos   e siegel   z protopapas vldb     1996.0 
rationale for the development of sandimmune neoral j vonderscher   a meinzer transplantation proceedings     1994.0 
incorporating quality metrics in centralized & slash ; distributed information retrieval on the world x zhu   s gauch  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir  
the expressionism of georg heym : a note and two translations w vordtriede  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 
query optimization by simulation annealing ye ioannidis   e wong  proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf    
explaining the gender difference in depressive symptoms s nolen-hoeksema   j larson   c grayson journal of personality and social psychology     1999.0 
a studey of three alternative workstation-server architectures for object-oriented databases proc . vldb conf   d dewitt   p futtersak   d maier   f velez   
a scalable parallel classier for data mining proc . 22nd international conference on vldb   mumbai   india . ( j shafer   r agrawal   m mehta   
worklist management strategies a kanamori   d weise    
use of kodak ektapro high-speed digital cameras in laryngoscopy g burnett   r leonard phonoscope-san diego -   1999.0    
construction of specific mutations in photosystemii photosynthetic reaction center by genetic jgk williams 1988.0    
automatic detection and repair of errors in data structures b demsky   m rinard    
personalizaã § ã # o da internet r torres    
on the use of kriged p-wave travel time correction surfaces proceedings of the 23rd seismic research review : worldwide & hellip ;   lk steck   aa velasco   ml begnaud   
karst i pecine jugoslavije.â ?? beograd : naucna knjiga   1988 n kresic    
decision-oriented approaches to program evaluation new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 rc larson   eh kaplan   
the nature ofa useable pki cm ellison computer networks      
â ?? multimedia-technologie powerpack â ?? springer-verlag berlin heidelberg oktober 2000 r steinmetz   
prolonged skin allograft survival in mice treated with flt3-ligand-induced dendritic cells and anti- transplantation proceedings   tg markees   ne phillips   ej gordon   rj noelle   c  1999.0 
a scrollbar-based visualization for document navigation d byrd    
a computer architecture for digital logic simulation r barto   sa szygenda electronic engineering      
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large database s guha   r rastogi   k shim  proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   seattle   & hellip ;    
institution-sponsored internships . 1994.0 ak ard new directions for higher education    
personal initiative at work : differences between east and west germany 1996.0 m frese   w kring   a soose   j zempel the academy of management journal    
handling student grievances in higher education . 1980.0 j shubert   j folger new directions for higher education    
neeraj ; goe   c.   '' hierarchical censored production rules system employing dempsterâ ?? shafer k bharadwaj information and software technology    
a pattern-matching approach to link program theory and evaluation data jm marquart new directions for program evaluation    
three techniques for helping international program managers use evaluation findings r werge   ra haag new directions for program evaluation     1989.0 
variance based classifier comparison in text catergorization ( poster session ) proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 a takasu   k aihara   
the perceptions of taiwanese hospitality and tourism educators toward developing a gaming recreation wc chang  2000.0 
the development of civics values : an overview international journal of educational research   jj cogan   p morrisâ ? ¦  2001.0 
three-dimensional dynamic structure of the lipid bilayer membranes : an epr spin label study wk subczynski   a wisniewska cellular and molecular biology letters   1996.0 
arylation reactions : the photo-s ( n ) 1 path via phenyl cation as an alternative to metal catalysis . m fagnoni   a albini acc . chem . res   2005.0    
inside mapi i de la cruz microsoft programming series   1996.0 
a tool for on-line visualization and interactive steering of parallel hpc applications s rathmayer   m lenke    
participation   satisfaction   and productivity : a meta-analytic review ki miller   pr monge the academy of management journal     1986.0 
software diversity : practical statistics for its measurements and exploitation d patridge   wj krzanowski information & software technology    
vulcan a srivastavaâ ? ¦ technical report   microsoft research msr-tr-99-76   september    
remote-control software : how to be in 2 places at once t stevenson pc magazine   aug    
an enhanced representation of time series which allows fast classification   clustering and relevance procs . of the 3rd conference on knowledge discovery in & hellip ;   e keogh   p smyth   
lateral vibration on a pedestrian cable-stayed bridge and its suppression by tuned liquid dampers . s nakamura   y fujino  struct . eng . int . ( iabse   zurich   switzerland )    
compile-time composition of run-time data and iteration reorderings mm strout   l carter   j ferrante   
the primacy of values and ideologies in human services evaluation 1981.0 w wolfensberger new directions for program evaluation    
shen . lower-bound time-complexity analysis of logic programs fba king  proc . int . symp . ilps    
a non-discrete approach to the evolution of information filtering trees bt technology journal   e bonsma  2000.0 
flotation of fine coke particles from fly ash m niewiadomski   j hupka   r bokotko   jd miller   
dp-47-85 demonstration project program   federal highway & hellip ;   rpc concrete   
the influence of age and gender on affect   physiology   and their interrelations : a study of long - rw levenson   ll carstensen   jm gottman journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
tappi pulp . conf 1994.0 rw allison   kg mcgrouther   d lachenal   c de   
s. lang ks   moere av   staadt o. : blue-c : a spatially immersive display and 3d video portal for m gross   s wuermlin   m naef   e lamboray   c spagno   proceedings of acm    
computer-supported meeting environment for collaborative software development 1996.0 e kuwana   e yana   y sakamoto   y nakamura   k information and software technology    
dynamic geography of marine fish populations   washington sea grant program ad mccall 1990.0    
the moral philosopher looks at values education . new directions for higher education   1980.0 wa banner   
da higgins and pf barbara dav bout   j kerimo acc . chem . res    
a new relevance for multimedia when we record everything personal g bell proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0    
altruism and the decision to vote : explaining and testing high voter turnout . unpublished manuscript   r jankowski  2004.0 
go green : recycle and reuse frequent patterns g cong   bc ooi   kl tan   akh tung data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
snap-together visualization : a user interface for coordinating visualization for relational schemata c north   b shneiderman conference proceedings of acm advanced visual interfaces    
on the performance of object clustering techniques mm tsangaris   jf naughton   
short period group velocity measurements and maps in central asia al levshin   
s-plus 2000 guide to statistics : mathsoft i mathsoft  inc.   seattle   washington    
the implementation of the suggestive selling training program for the employees of the xyz resort t mccomb 1999.0    
an efficient algorithm for heap storage allocation cb weinstock   wa wulf  acm sigplan notices   1988.0 
building xml application in rich detailed genealogical information 2003.0 j lu   m scaramuzza information & software technology    
a spatially and temporally coherent visibility algorithm . technical memorandum tm-546 s coorg   s teller   1996.0 
additional resources 2001.0 ek ikeda new directions for higher education    
evaluation : the web white and blue network   2000 a lupia san diego      
shadow play : the fabled menace of punitive damages m galanter 1998.0  wisconsin law review    
applications of the backpropagation algorithm to an information retrieval system proceedings of the riao â ?? 94 ( rechenche dâ ?? information & hellip ;   r layaida   a caron   
compressed accessibility map : efficient access control for xml . 2002.0 t yu   d srivastava   lvs lakshmanan   hv jagadish vldb    
isozymes of cytochrome p-450 that metabolize naphthalene in liver and lung of untreated mice k nagata   bm martin   jr gillette   ha sasame   
preprocessing perceptrons and multivariate reference values 2003.0 p eklund   l kallin westin   
equity in tertiary mathematics : imaging a future proceedings of the d   1999.0 r zevenbergen   
a holocultural analysis of old age see ref   a glascock   sl feinman   
the exmoor storm and the lynmouth floods geography   c kidson  1953.0 
tree queries a simple class of queries acm trans . database syst   n goodman   o snmueli   
the road map to the manual gm garrity   jg holt bergey &#39; s manual of systematic bacteriology   2001.0    
surface characterization of coated powders with xps : al 2 o 3-sio 2 coated tio 2 pigments ( abstract oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 l johansson   
storage and retrieval of xml data using relational databases s chaudhuri   k shim data engineering   2003 . proceedings . 19th international & hellip ;   2003.0 
digital library for authors : recent progress of the networked digital library of theses and c phanouriou   na kipp   o sornil   p mather   ea fox    
optimal policy for lsp setup in mpls networks t anjali   c scoglio   j de oliveira   if akyildiz   g computer networks      
mnogokomponentnaya rektifikatsiya fb petlyuk   la serafimov teoriya i  
factors predicting the subjective well-being of nations e diener   m diener   c diener journal of personality and social psychology     1995.0 
a burden of proof : stereotype relevance and gender differences in math performance rp brown   ra josephs journal of personality and social psychology   1999.0    
e.   suresha   and ramamritham   krithi ( 2002 ) . proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated a datta   k dutta   hm thomas   d vandermeer proceedings of 2002 acm sigmod conference   madison   & hellip ;      
is there a preference-shaping effect of law p funk 2002.0    
notes on nabokov as a russian writer 1967.0 g struve wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
utilizing program execution flow statistics for deriving task migration decisions j gehring   a reinefeld   
developments in car door latching systems a attridge   d walton   g kalsi 2002.0  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;    
a framework for unifying reordering transformations   university of maryland at college park   college md   w kelly   w pugh   
panacea or snake oil ? g james 2004.0  electronic business    
dynamic soil test for rice proc . int . rice res . conf   a dobermann   kg cassman   pcs cruz   hu neue   eo   
financial consulting solutions ( fcs ) support papers for water rate study seattle   washington   e cebron   k seat   
information about the chernobyl accident and the consequences of this accident   prepared for iaea aa abagyan at . energ      
knowledge based oceanographic data analysis b lees   n rees   j aiken procs . expert systems      
turkish standardisation of ravenâ ?? s spm n sahin   e duzen proceedings of the 23rd international congress of applied & hellip ;      
personal communication systems ( pcs ) vok li   x qiu proceedings-ieee   1995.0 
the allergen proof chamber in the treatment of bronchial asthma and other respiratory diseases lancet i   w storm van leeuwen   w einthoven   w kremer   
everyday devices that see : electronic-perception technology c bamjiâ ? ¦ in proc . siggraph   acm press      
using a color reflection model to separate highlights from object color gj klinker   sa shafer   t kanade   
digital optical computing aa sawchuk   tc strand ieee   proceedings   1984.0    
clustering with informative priors s vaithyanathan   d gondek technical report   ibm almaden research center      
perceived control and distress following sexual assault : a longitudinal test of a new model pa frazier 2003.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
spot noise texture synthesis for data visualization acm siggraph computer graphics   1991.0 jj van wijk   
pm deshpande   jf naughton   a. shukla   â ?? simultaneous optimization and evaluation of multiple y zhao  proc . acm sigmod  
iron supplementation in pregnancy 2000.0 k mahomed cochrane database syst rev    
university of california   santa cruz . de mchenry 1993.0  new directions for higher education    
bucket spreading parallel hash : a new parallel hash join method with robustness for data skew in m kitsuregawa   y ogawa  proceedings of international conference on very large data & hellip ;    
survival with acute primary coronary artery dissection : a case report and review of the literature lap wellford   tm kelly journal of emergency medicine     1994.0 
physics   lyceum aâ ?? class y vlachos   y grammatikakis   v karapanagiotis   p 1999.0    
tappi pulp . conf n liebergott   1994.0 
the red queen : sex and the evolution of human nature m ridley    
walls around the electronic library electronic library   1993.0 h king   
an effective hash algorithm for mining association rules j park   m chen   p yu proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference  
which non-native speaker ? differences between international students and us resident ( language jm reid  new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
the age of adaptive computing is here p master lecture notes in computer science     2002.0 
geologic controls on distribution of hydrothermal vents on the superfast-spreading southern east jmh o & apos neill 1998.0    
histological typing of female genital tract tumours 1994.0 re scullyâ ? ¦   
modeling and visualization of 3d polygonal mesh surfaces using geometric algebra submitted for md zaharia   l dorst   
individual differences in environmental spatial cognition m hegarty   dr montello & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa barbara    
assessing the program environment : implications for program evaluation and design rh moos new directions for program evaluation      
performance enhancements for hybrid hash join g graefe submitted for publication     1993.0 
graphic visualization and animation of lotos execution traces b stepien   l logrippo  computer networks   2002.0 
homeopathy for chronic asthma k linde   ka jobst cochrane database syst rev   2000.0    
explaining mfipâ ?? s impacts by housing status . c miller unpublished paper . new york : manpower demonstration research & hellip ;      
prehistoric rock paintings of the seminole canyon area   val verde county   texas d gebhard   r thomas   c pierson   1965.0 
key differences beiween http/1 .0 and http/1 .1 b krishmmurthy   1999.0 
a model of ceo dismissal jw fredrickson   dc hambrick   s baumrin the academy of management review   1988.0 
dataspace : 3-d visualization of large databases v anupam   s dar   t leibfried   e petajan proc . int &#39; l symp . information visualization    
looking beyond bakke . aw astin new directions for higher education   1978.0    
maintaining availability in partitioned replicated databases . acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 a el abbadi   s toueg   
composite event specification in active databases : model & implementation nh gehani   hv jagadish  vldb   1992.0 
putting active learning into multimedia applications : dynamic definition and refinement of concept proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 m chen   m christel   a hauptmann   h wactlar   
molecular basis for erythrocyte shape a elgsaeter   a mikkelsen 1991.0  aip conference proceedings    
azathioprine for treating rheumatoid arthritis me suarez-almazor   c spooner   e belseck 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
an approach to interactive media system for mobile devices es ryu   c yoo  proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
mips-x internal and external caches a agarwal   m horowitz technical report   computer systems laboratory   stanford    
the effect of relational background knowledge on learning of protein three-dimensional fold m turcotte   s muggleton   m sternberg machine learning     2001.0 
educational development at a moderate-sized university . new directions for higher education   1978.0 ar shucard   
selection of storm water pollutant loading factors k cave   t quarsebarth   e harold rouge river national wet weather demonstration project & hellip ;      
use of the timed-token protocol for real-time communications n malcolm   w zhao   
the chain-length dependence test . mt stone   jm heemstra   js moore acc chem res   2006.0    
stanford electronics laboratories tm donovan stanford university   technical report no. 5221-2  
finding replicated web collections sigmod conference   2000.0 j cho   n shivakumar   h garcia-molina   
sean o'casey and others h goldstone wisconsin studies in contemporary literature     1967.0 
citrus canker in latin america : a review v rossetti proc int soc citriculture    
quanta release 2000 ms inc  san diego    
thioridazine for schizophrenia a sultana   j reilly   m fenton cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
iloprost and cisaprost for raynaudâ ?? s phenomenon in progressive systemic sclerosis cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 j pope   d fenlon   a thompson   b shea   d furst   g   
toward learning based web query processing d yanlei   l hongjun   c ssongtingâ ? ¦  proceedings of 26th international conference on very large & hellip ;    
power-efficient data dissemination in wireless sensor networks u cetintemel   a flinders   y sun   
nonparametric statistics for the behavioral sciences s siegel   
visual relevance analysis n pediotakis   m hascoã `` t-zizi  proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   1996.0 
influence of modelsâ ?? reinforcement contingencies on the acquisition of imitative responses a bandura 1965.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
detecting changes on unordered xml documents using relational databases : a schema-conscious approach e leonardi   ss bhowmick proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;     2005.0 
nonparametric statistics for the behavioural sciences s siegel new york    
automatic lm genre classification proc . acm s fischer   w eelsberg   
transfinite networks s aravkin    
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining cs john   r agrawal   m mehta proc . 22nd int . conf . very large databases    
an upturn soon ? e chelimsky new directions for program    
ribavirin with or without alpha interferon for chronic hepatitis c ( cochrane review ) ll kjaergard   gc krogsgaard cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
modelling of short term electricity prices   hydro inflow and water values in the norwegian hydro l dueholm   hf ravn    
emphasis on the relevant : free-form digital ink as a mechanism for relevance feedback g golovchinsky proceedings de acm  
the human atp-binding cassette ( abc ) transporter superfamily . ncbi monograph   national library of m dean md      
query processing for large-scale xml message brokering y diao   2005.0 
elio vittorini : between poverty and wealth g cambon  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1962.0 
interventions for treating genital chlamydia trachomatis infection in pregnancy ( cochrane review ) p brocklehurst   g rooney  2000.0 
informedia digital video library ( demonstration ) m christel   s stevens   h wactlar  proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
a survey and comparison of business-to-business e-commerce frameworks a dogac   i cingil acm sigecom exchanges   2001.0    
nonparametric statistics for the behavioral sciences : mcgraw-hill s siegel   nj castellan new york    
studies on storage stability of irradiated white pomfret ( stromateus cinereus ) sv kamat 1970.0    
the sift information dissemination system tw yan   h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems   1999.0 
heytens   m.   kumar   k. and m. muralikrishna   â ?? gamma-a high performance datallow database machine   d dewitt   b gerber   g graefe proceedings of the 1986 vldb conference   japan august      
what juvenile court abolitionists can learn from the failures of sentencing reform wisconsin law review   1996.0 d yellen   
time to market problems-the organization is the real cause tg rauscher   
polynesian outliers : a study in the survival of small populations see ref   s black   
daf-12 advances a life stage counter that specifies developmental age in caenorhabditis elegans a antebi   jg culotti   em hedgecock  1997.0 
motorola move communications towards the miniature fuel cell electronic eng   r neale   
the indiana center for database systems sigmod record   1991.0 l hall   
first-class views : a key to user-centered computing acm sigmod record   1999.0 a rosenthal   e sciore   
the role of emergency services in health care for the elderly : a review . 1993.0 jl wofford   e schwartz   je byrum journal of emergency medicine    
portfolios : purposeful collections of student work ja mullin 1998.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
student self-efficacy in college science : an investigation of gender   age   and academic achievement dl witt-rose  2003.0 
services via mobility portals d ralph   cg shephard bt technology journal   2001.0    
summary of estimates of fertility and mortality see ref   a coale   f lorimer   
towards a general theory of the digital library m collier    
predicting college success : the importance of ability and non-cognitive variables 2001.0 s ransdell international journal of educational research    
anew sql-like operator formining association rules r meo   g psaila   s ceri   
institutionalization of program evaluation in canada : the federal level l rutman   j mayne new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
an efficient clustering for large database s guha   r rastogi   k shim proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
tv advertising   program quality   and product-market oligopoly t nilssen   l sã ¸ rgard   
database research at at & t bell laboratories 1993.0 hv jagadish acm sigmod record    
error-correction coding for digital communications 1981.0 gc clark   jb cain   
teaching colonial american history : a conceptual interdisciplinary approach . me james  social studies and the young learner   1990.0 
nonionizing electromagnetic wave effects in biological materials and systems cc johnson   aw guy proc . ieee      
stability and malleability of the self-concept h markus   z kunda  1986.0 
improving the java memory model using crf jw maessen   x shen   
domesticating broadbandâ ?? what consumers really do with flat-rate   always-on and fast internet b anderson   c gale   mlr jones   a mcwilliam 2002.0  bt technology journal    
circulant preconditioners from b-splines rh chan   t tso   h sun  1997.0 
beitrag zur kinetic thermischer zersetzungseaktionen ( thermoanalytische auswertung der zersetzung n eisenreich technical university of munich      
reinforcement learning with self-modifying policies j schmidhuber   j zhao   n schraudolph   
adaptive clutter suppression for airborne phased array radars r klemm iee proceedings   1983.0 
the representation theory of the symmetric groups 1978.0 gd james   
applications to large data sets in the geosciences b map electronic    
the specification of program ow in madcap vi j morris   m wells proc . acm natl. conf    
classification in information storage and retrieval 1966.0 o taulbee   jt welch jr   
the motor cortex of the cat . . af borge  1950.0 
gender differences in psychological well-being of mexican early adolescents c benjet   l hernandez-guzman adolescence-san diego -   2001.0    
tertiary storage : current status and future trends s prabhakar   d agrawal   a el abbadi   a singh   1996.0 
personnel policies in united states based japanese hotels 1993.0 cy chen   
offline and data stream algorithms for efficient computation of synopsis structures s guha   k shim proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
transport and transformation of air pollutants from europe to east mediterranean region ( t-trapem ) g kallos   v kotroni   k lagouvardos   m varinou   m  final report   athens   greece    
the dynamics of the ceo-board relationship : an evolutionary perspective w shen academy of management review   2003.0    
security issues in online games jj yan 2002.0  electronic library    
developing and testing program classification and function theories kj conrad   jr buelow new directions for program evaluation      
five-level triage system more effective than three-level in tertiary emergency department da travers   ae waller   jm bowling   d flowers   j 2002.0  journal of emergency nursing    
parallel algorithms for high-dimensional proximity joins jc shafer   r agrawal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     1997.0 
nonparametric statistics for the behavior sciences s siegel   nj castellan  new york    
an outbreak of carbon monoxide poisoning after a major ice storm in maine1 wr daley   a smith   e paz-argandona   j malilay   m journal of emergency medicine     2000.0 
assessment of the phyto-and zooplankton investigations during the comsblack 1993 and the joint tu - u niermann   a kä ± deyå ?  middle east technical  
kit de ressources techniques windows 2000 professionnel 2001.0 l de rã?fã?rence   
sealed storage of bag stacks : status of the technology aciar proceedings no. 25 . fumigation and controlled & hellip ;   pc annis   
calibration of microprocessor performance models 1998.0 b black   jp shen ieee computer    
water quality effects assessment summary report & hellip ; county department of natural resources . seattle   washington   k county   
imputation of missing values in dna microarrays t hastie   o alter   g sherlock   m eisen   r  technical report . stanford : stanford  
spatialhash-joins proceedingsof acm sigmod conference   montreal   rcv loml   
tri/efc -4 . sionc f ` age sigmod record     1987.0 
the causes of duration differences between english nouns and verbs s davis   j morris   mh kelly unpublished manuscript      
eps-2002-013-lis h van heck    
routing and peering in a competitive internet unpublished manuscript   r johari   jn tsitsiklis  2004.0 
parallel execution of hash joins in parallel databases hi hsiao   ms chen   ps yu    
semiology of graphics : diagrams   networks   maps 1983.0 j bertin   
escherichia coli serotypes and renal involvement in urinary-tract infection ce mabeck lancet i   1971.0 
legislative program evaluation : utilization-driven research for decision makers . rk jonasâ ? ¦ 1999.0  new directions for program evaluation    
writing diffractive structures by optical trapping 1995.0 jmr fournier   mm burns   ja golovchenko proc . spie    
on error analysis and numerics of recovering scattered waves . j liu   g nakamura   r potthast  submitted for  
studies on treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia with arsenic trioxide : remission induction   c niu   h yan   t yu   hp sun   jx liu   xs li   w wu   1999.0  blood-new york -    
pde based determination of piezoelectric material tensors b kaltenbacher   t lahmer   m mohr   
zoroastrianism : an ethnic perspective kp mistree  1982.0 
multi-agent dependence by dependence graphs procs . of r conte   j sichman   
direct measurements of the inherent frequency stability of quartz crystal resonators ae wainwright   fl walls   wd mccaa   
microstructure of the mist zone on glass fracture surfaces jw johnson   dg holloway phil . mag    
integraly i proizvodnye drobnogo porã cents dka i nekotorye ih prilozeniã cents 1987.0 sg samko   aa kilbas   oi marichev   
a review of the experimental data from the high pressure phase in polyethylene u leute   w dollhopf 1980.0  colloid & polymer science    
memantine prevents progressive functional neurodegeneration in rats journal of neural transmission supplementum   c heim   kh sontag  1995.0 
the importance of phase in the spectra of digital type . g duan   ra morris   
final east lake sammamish basin and nonpoint action plan k county king county   surface water management   seattle   washington    
the great ocean conveyor ws broecker  aip conference proceedings   1992.0 
microscopic analysis of autograft bone applied at the interface of porous-coated devices in human aa hofmann   rd bloebaum   mh rubman   kn bachus   rl international orthopaedics     1992.0 
nonclassroom learning : a review of the literature . new directions for higher education   ja carr  1986.0 
3g trials and developments cj fenton   jgo moss   dw lock   r bloomfield   jf bt technology journal   2001.0 
automatic calibration and removal of distortion from scenes of structured environments proc . spie   1995.0 f devernay   o faugeras   
strategies for sound internet measurement v paxson  proceedings of acm sigcomm internet measurement  
acute arterial spasm in an extremity caused by inadvertent intra-arterial injection successfully b arquilla   r gupta   j gernshiemer   m fischer journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
heliox for treatment of exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( cochrane review ) g rodrigo   c pollack   c rodrigo   b rowe   eh cochrane database syst rev   2002.0    
a color fingerprint of video shot for content identification proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 x yang   q tian   ec chang   
information portals : a strategy for importing external content electronic library   2003.0 p van brakel   
ac   and giordano   c f minisci acc . chem . res    
jointly adaptive high-data-rate burst admission control for wideband cdma system vkn lau   yk kwok submitted for  
graph-based mobility model for mobile ad hoc network simulation i stepanov   j tian   j hã $ hner   c becker   k san diego   california    
isolation and characterization of a full-length resistance gene homolog from soybean cy he   ag tian   js zhang   zy zhang   jy gai   sy tag theoretical and applied genetics   2003.0    
effective synchronization removal for java e ruf proceedings of the acm sigplan 2000 conference on & hellip ;   2000.0 
target seeking crawlers and their topical performance [ a ] p srinivasan   g pant   f menczer  proceedings of sigir conference on research and development & hellip ;   2002.0 
real-time scheduling for multimedia streams over resource-constrained networks hm sun   cm chen   lc shu    
misconceptions about real-time databases ja stankovic   sh son   j hansson   
alternative assessment : putting technology to the test 1993.0 i bruder electronic learning    
niagaracq : a scalable continuous querysystemfor internetdatabases j chen   dj dewitt   f tian   y wang sigmod conference      
out-of-hospital pediatric intubation by paramedics : the san diego experience 2002.0 gm vilke   pj steen   am smith   tc chan journal of emergency medicine    
safra . asub-constant error-probabilitylow-degreetest   andsub-constant error-probability pcp proc . of the 29th acm stoc   r razands   
explaining differences in multidimensional aggregates - group of 11 & raquo ; s sarawagi geography    
consumable mathematics for software engineers mj lutz   
evolution of aldolase fed . proc   wj rutter  1964.0 
bcontinuous nearest neighbor search   ^ in proc y tao   d papadias   q shen intl. conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )   287y298      
a resource management framework for predictable quality of service in web servers m aron   s iyer   p druschel submitted for    
a new method for the histochemical demonstration ofo-acyl sugars in human colonic epithelial the histochemical journal   pe reid   d volz   ky cho   da owen  1988.0 
erc-economic research center   middle east technical university at akarca   a tansel   nd gã 1/4 ngã ¶ r   e akbostanci   gi    
new york : pergamon epo evolution   
to verify multipliers jr burch   bdd using proc . of 28th da conference      
alternative teaching strategies k naidoo   r searle new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0    
challenges in evaluating a national demonstration program for homeless persons with alcohol and rb huebner   sb crosse new directions for program evaluation   1991.0    
doodle proceedings of the 1992 sigmod   if cruz   
swami ( poster session ) : a framework for collaborative filtering algorithm development and evaluation proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 d fisher   k hildrum   j hong   m newman   m thomas   r   
multiversion integrated concurrecy control for hard real-time systems lc shu   m young   
intravascular coagulation in falciparum malaria lancet i   1972.0 n jaroonvesama   
corticosteroids for acute severe asthma in hospitalised patients r manser   d reid   m abramson cochrane database syst rev   2000.0    
the evaluation of a self-restoring barrier rail installation   summary final report mp strong   mt stanley  demonstration  
knowledge gained by mothers enrolled in a home visitation program adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 a hammond-ratzlaff   a fulton   
efficient filtering of xml documents forselective dissemination of information m altinel   m franklin proc . the 26th intâ ?? l conf . on very large data bases    
metu object-oriented dbms kernel proc . of intl. conf on database and expert systems & hellip ;   a dogac   a altinel   c ozkan  1995.0 
variable size block matching motion compensation with applications to video coding mh chan   
2000 pilze einfach bestimmen r winkler  at  
local-area networks : goal shifts to teamwork d terrie  computerworld    
its possibilities and limits.â ?? 1994.0 h intervention   
some visual displays of two-by-two data : predicting later violent behavior new directions for program evaluation   jh derzon  1997.0 
interactive retrieval of 3d shape models using physical objects h ichida   y itoh   y kitamura   f kishino proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0    
global optimization of histograms hv jagadish   h jin   bc ooi   kl tan    
view in a theory of justice a least this is rawlsâ ?? s    
panel : â ?? from perception to visualizationâ ?? nd gershon proc . acm siggraph computer graphics    
there are cracks but the glass ceiling is still mostly intact c marenghi computerworld      
cross-cultural nongeneralizations mq patton  new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
speech recognition : finding its voice g alwang pc magazine-american edition -   1998.0 
assessing social-psychological classroom environments in program evaluation gd haertel   hj walberg new directions for program evaluation     1988.0 
hyperbaric oxygen for carbon monoxide poisoning dn juurlink   mb stanbrook   ma mcguigan  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
organizational improvisation and organizational memory c moorman   as miner the academy of management review     1998.0 
uber die diaphanoskopische untersuchung der weiblichen beckenorgane mit demonstration seines neuen diaphanoskops . zentralblatt & hellip ;   j schramm-vogelsang   
digital city or urban simulator ?   digital cities a aurigi lecture notes in computer    
motivating faculty to improve the quality of teaching . a lucas new directions for teaching and learning   ( 37 )     1989.0 
latent variable modeling and cross-national differences in college-level academic performance sa hecht international journal of educational research   2001.0    
an outline of a general model for information retrieval jy nie  proceedings of acm sigir    
differential expression of zap-70 and syk protein tyrosine kinases ( ptks )   and the role of this ac chan   nsc van oers   la turka   cl law   ea clark   1993.0    
immunolocalization of proliferating perisinusoidal cells in rat liver sj johnson   je hines   ad burt the histochemical journal   1992.0    
the humanism of cp snow wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 wf hall   
multicystic dysplastic kidney m mentser   j mahan   s koff pediatric nephrology   1994.0    
selective disruption of neural synchronization by means of repeated transient phase reset 2005.0 pa tass   df russell   u barnikol   a neimann   t   
the abcs of small grant acquisition for social studies teachers . middle level learning . b sliger 1998.0  social studies and the young learner    
modern developments in fluid mechanics s goldstein vol .  
contention-based reservation protocols in fiber optic local area networks with passive star topology hb jeon   ck un electronic lett   1990.0    
the clinical care and documentation for victims of drug-facilitated sexual assault journal of emergency nursing   2001.0 le ledray   
compactly representing parallel program executions a goel   a roychoudhury   t mitra   
grammatical functions and word order in combinatory grammar c bozsahin ms.   middle east technical university    
a possible terminological logic for modelling information retrieval f sebastiani proceedings of acm sigir 94 conferenceâ ?? dublin      
elderly patients ' perceptions of care in the emergency department wt watson   es marshall   d fosbinder  journal of emergency nursing   1999.0 
electrical wholesale market report l barker   
influence of the radiation composition factor on the radiation damage to graphite va nikolaenko   vi karpukhin   vn kuznetsovâ ? ¦ at .  
finding refactorings via change metrics s demeyer   s ducasse   o nierstrasz    
m. takagi   â ?? the effect of bucket size tuning in the dynamic hybrid grace hash join method   â ?? m kitsuregawa   m nakayama proceedings of the 1989 vldb conference   amsterdam   august      
dyndex : a dynamic and non-metric space indexer ks goh   b li   ey chang    
sex effects on evaluation vf nieva   ba gutek the academy of management review   1980.0    
the mechanical response of single crystal hgi2 tw james ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1980.0    
influence of loss of child on mother 's reproduction cp prakasam   1994.0 
storage estimation for multidimensional aggregates in olap proceedings of the 1999 conference of the centre for & hellip ;   1999.0 k runapongsa   tp nadeau   tj teorey   
encoded bitmap indexing for data warehouses po ` neil   d quass sigmod 1997   proceedings acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;      
norman mailer and the revolt of the ego : some observations on recent american literature 1960.0 fj hoffman wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
addison-wesley   2000 m reading   
an effective hash-based algorithm forming association rules [ a ] proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   js park   ms chen   ps yu   
explaining the minnesota family investment programâ ?? s impacts by housing status c miller    
intergenerational conflicts in species of birds with precocial offspring r pierotti  proc . int . ornithol . congr    
an associative classifier based on positive and negative rules ml antonie   
reaction of hydroperoxides with metallotetraphenylporphyrins in aqueous solution ej thomas  acc . chem . res    
biomechanics of the cardiovascular system bb sramek   j valenta   f klimes czech technical university  
electromigration failure modes in aluminum metallization for semiconductor devices proc . ieee   jr black   
essays in periodicals wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   jr bryer   tj bergin jr  1967.0 
software engineering . a european perspective rh thayer   ad mcgettrick ieee computer     1993.0 
nevot implementation and program structure university of massachusetts   technical report   h schulzrinne   
species displaced by spartina in the pacific northwest k sayce  & hellip ; grant program   university of washington   seattle   washington & hellip ;    
theory as method : small theories of treatments mw lipsey  new directions for program evaluation   1993.0 
perceptions and satisfaction with emergency department care journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 kj rhee   j bird   
changes in taxi servicesâ ?? can new developments help people with a mobility handicap s trench   a lister  proceedings of seminar d   public transport planning and & hellip ;    
hypergraph partitioning for vlsi cad : methodology for reporting   and new results ae caldwell   ab kahng   aa kennings   il markov    
arabesques of influence : the repressed conradian masterplot in the novels of graham greene 1992.0 rw pendleton   
inner and outer ecology ; transitions to a sustainable worldview . rk hetzel    
selective and authentic third-party distribution of xml documents b carminati ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
taxane diterpene synthesis strategies . a review org . prep . proc . int   cs swindell   
nih class library reference manual . national institutes of health   bethesda md   ke gorlen   
swipe : the ip security protocol to j ioannidis   m blaze   p karn   
experimental comparison of multistage networks ibm   almaden research center report rj   s konstantinidou   e upfal   
real time : further misconceptions ( or half-truths ) r kurki-suonio   
prism : indexing multi-dimensional data in p2p networks using reference vectors 2005.0 od sahin   a gulbeden   f emekci   d agrawal   a el proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
finite element method for optimal control problems governed by integral equations and integro - h brunner   n yan   
programming microsoft office 2000 web components d stearns   1999.0 
expansion of concrete through reaction between cement and aggregate proc . asce   te stanton   
congestion pricing overlaid on edge-to-edge congestion control m yuksel   s kalyanaraman   a goel   
park   0 . a framework for effective retrieval ct yu   w meng acm trans . database syst      
anda . shukla . simultaneous optimization and evaluation of multiple dimensional queries y zhao   pm deshpande   jf naughton  proceedings of the 1998 acm-sigmod  
an analysis of storage utilization factor in block split data structuring scheme t nakamura   t mizoguchi vldb      
special issue on advanced user interfaces for database systems acm sigmod record   y ioannidis   
baring it all to software : raw machines a agarwalâ ? ¦ ieee computer    
on first-order-logic databases . h rybinski acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 
foraging   ranging   and nesting behavior of stellerâ ?? s jays in western washington sm vigallon 2003.0    
astroparticle phys i m gasperini   g veneziano   
fine scale structure of the eurasian crust and upper mantle from high-frequency waves th jordan  1995.0 
franz kafka and william sansom pf neumeyer wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1966.0    
acm sigmod record : special issue on electronic commerce a dogac  acm sigmod record . acm    
maryland : supplemental report on the baltimore options program d friedlander  1987.0 
a new fault modeling and testing technique for cmos devices yk malaiya   syh su proc . int . test conf      
a primer on campus networks . s charp   d hines new directions for higher education     1988.0 
operator theory . | academic press gjm c-algebras  san diego    
3-designs from psl ( 2   q ) with block size 6 and their large sets gr omidi   mr pournaki   b tayfeh-rezaie    
an optimal representative set selection method jg lee   cg chung  information & software technology   2000.0 
digital signal processing . a computer based approach km sanjit santa barbara : university of california      
development of fuel elements for power reactors operating on fast neutrons is golovnin   yk bibilashvili   ts menâ ?? shikova  at .  
e. and kang   y.â ?? ra ndomized algor ithms f or optiâ ?? m izin g imse joi n queries.â ?? y ioannidis proc . sigmod      
site-directed mutagenesis of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 reverse transcriptase at amino acid h pelemans   a aertsen   k van laethem   am vandamme   2001.0  virology-new york -    
unsupervised adaptive filtering k torkkola volume    
solid state electronics laboratory stanford university )   technical report no. 5221-2   1969 ( lw james   
the model loqic of pro-   . grams z manna   a pnueli & hellip ; reportr computer science dept.   stanford university      
o. shmueli-composite event model specification in active databases : model and implementation nh gehani   hv jagadish proceedings    
penetrating head injury in children : a case report and review of the literature journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 j koestler   r keshavarz   
stabbing triangulations by lines in three dimensions proc . 11th acm sympos . comput . geom   pk agarwal   b aronov   s suri   
verb classes and alternations in bangla   german   english d jones   r berwick   f cho   z khan   k kohl   n and korean . technical report   massachusetts institute of  
motion interpolation by optimal control ls brotman   an netravali  acm siggraph computer graphics   1988.0 
generalized contextualization method for xml information retrieval p arvola   m junkkari   j kekã $ lã $ inen proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0    
sexual assault nurse examiner ( sane ) program coordinator journal of emergency nursing   1996.0 co ` brien   
richard wright ( 1908-1960 ) : a selected checklist of criticism wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1960.0 jr bryer   
semantic verification for fact seeking engines d roussinov   w fan   fad neves   
barcelona : mondadori   2000 . 232 p n desgracia    
additional resources . new directions for teaching and learning   wt daly  1985.0 
visualization study of natural gas direct injection combustion z huang   s shiga   t ueda   h nakamura   t ishima   t   
wanted : programmers for handheld devices d kiely    
budgeting for academic quality : structures and srategies . d jones new directions for higher education   1984.0    
physiotherapy for patients with parkinsonâ ?? s disease ( cochrane review ) kh deane   d jones   ed playford   y ben shlomo   ce cochrane database syst rev    
pupilsâ ?? attitudes towards geography in lower school : an investigation into gender differences j bramwell  geography    
rpj : producing fast join results on streams through rate-based optimization y tao   ml yiu   d papadias   m hadjieleftheriou   n proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0    
tods report acm sigmod record   2005.0 r snodgrass   
toward decent text encoding ieee computer   n holmes  1998.0 
a distributed database project based on web technology czech technical university   j kolar   i halaska   z ilek   
this test is to be performed in conjunction with test 1 above p test during the demonstration of the lifting and lowering test      
burnham-on-crouch ad 2000 burnham-on-crouch town council isbn   p harper   
query execution techniques for caching expensive predicates jm hellerstein   j naughton  1996.0 
robustness principles for public key protocols lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 r anderson   r needham   
web question answering : is more always better ? ( 2002 ) s dumais   m banko   e brill   j lin   a ng proceedings of the 25 thannual international acm sigir  
tods -- the first three years ( 1976 -- 1978 ) dk hsiao acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1980.0    
lucretius and the delusions of narcissus . pr hardie md      
storm damage insuranceâ ?? quo vadis ? kaufmann   hr   zurich   switzerland   s re   
the effect of age on positive and negative affect : a developmental perspective on happiness journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 dk mroczek   cm kolarz   
storage structures and access methods in the relational data base management system ingres . g held   m stonebraker acm pacific      
development of instructional material to improve middle school ruler reading by ka schrage  2000.0 
building a national capital in an age of globalization : the case of berlin a cochrane   a passmore area     2001.0 
repre # nting boolean structure within ' a pmbabilisti ~ framework . a bookstein recherche d &#39; informations assw # e par ordinateur   proceedings & hellip ;    
mediate : video as a first-class datatype s kristoffersen proceedings of acm groupâ ?? 97    
perinatal rrsk factors in children with serious motor and mental handicaps kb nelson   h broman    
study of crystallization in lithium silicate glasses using high-voltage electron microscopy phil . mag   pf james   sr keown   
airy functions   chapter 11   digital library of mathematical functions project . national institute of fwj olver   
f. ; luck   m. ; and dâ ?? inverno   m. 2001 . a framework for norm-based inter-agent dependence ly lopez  procs . of 13rd mexican international conference on computer  
information technology user devices in higher education d mclaughlin  new directions for higher education   2001.0 
nutritional supplementation for hip fracture aftercare in the elderly a avenell   hh handoll cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
foodnet . differences in escherichia coli o157 : h7 annual incidence among foodnet active surveillance md   c hedberg   f angulo   j townes   d vugia   m farley   
effectiveness of a neuro-fuzzy classifier in automated modeling of classification problem-solving n bolloju    
memory dependence prediction a moshovos 1998.0    
stakeholder influence in the evaluation of cities-in-schools new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 re stake   
counterurbanization : a rural perspective p cloke geography    
relational reinforcement learning s då 3/4 eroski   l de raedt   k driessens  machine learning   2001.0 
pajek-analysis and visualization of large networks v batagelj   a mrvar lecture notes in computer science   2002.0    
reptiles of washington and oregon rm storm   wp leonard seattle audubon society   seattle   washington    
non destructive technique based on vibrations measurements and piezoelectric patches array for e monacoâ ? ¦ nde for health monitoring and diagnostics     2002.0 
channel-estimation-based adaptive dfe for fading multipath radio channels 1991.0 pk shukla   lf turner iee proceedings    
new algorithms for efficient mining of association rules l shen   h shen   l cheng   
public-key encryption in a multi-user setting : security proofs and improvements lecture notes in computer science   m bellare   a boldyreva   s micali  2000.0 
trawling impact on benthic ecosystems a zenetos  national center for marine research   athens   greece   report    
landmark recognition k tokusai technical report   robotics laboratory   stanford university    
renal disease in the elderly am davison contributions to nephrology     1998.0 
infant feeding in north east england : contested spaces of reproduction r pain   c bailey   g mowl area     2001.0 
what can boyce-codd normal form do proceedings 6th international conference on very large data pa bernstein   n goodman   
adhesion-dependency of serum-induced p42/p44 map kinase activation is released by retroviral h inoue   a yamashita   a hakura virology-new york -   1996.0 
invitations to celebrations . children 's literature . rh lombard social studies and the young learner     1993.0 
application of efficient linear fm matched filtering algorithms to synthetic aperture radar m sack   ig cumming   mr ito iee proceedings   1985.0 
the organizational imperative rj gerhard 1981.0  new directions for program evaluation    
humanization of the software factory ac gillies information and software technology   1991.0    
rare earthsâ ?? 93 processing and utilisation workshop papers australian mineral foundation   adelaide am stewart isbn      
similarity searching in medical image databases egm petrakis   c faloutsos   
online feedback for nested aggregate queries with multi-threading kl tan   ch goh   bc ooi proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     1999.0 
adopting self-directed learning in continuing professional education : physicians and architects . new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 gj confessore   sj confessore   
pasmac - . a macro processorfor pascal technical report csl-tn-174   stanford university computer al lansky   
from boolean to probabilistic boolean networks as models of genetic regulatory networks proceedings-ieee   i shmulevich   er dougherty   w zhang  2002.0 
experimental studies of the progressive tearing failure of pultruded frp composite tubes in flexure ko mertens   2003.0 
text categorization by boosting automatically extracted concepts l cai   t hofmann proc . of the 26th annual int . acm sigir conference on    
technological design considerations for monolithic mos switched-capacitor filtering systems dj allstot   wc black ieee   proceedings   1983.0 
approximate computation ofmultidimensionalaggregates ofsparsedata using wavelets js vitter   m wang proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod international conference    
dropshaft cascades in roman aqueducts h chanson   
b-to-b portals worry industry ; e-markets may cut manufacturers ' profits computerworld   j vijayan   
some child-rearing antecedents of criminal behavior in adult men j mccord journal of personality and social psychology   1979.0    
the principal 's other problems : honest incompetence and the specification of objectives academy of management review   2002.0 j hendry   
applied bayesian and classical inference : the case of the federalist papers f mosteller   dl wallace  1984.0 
a database design for musical information acm sigmod record   wb rubenstein  1987.0 
coauthors   1998 : final report nfp31 : operational use of radar for precipitation measurements in j joss    
a comparison of several approximate algorithms for finding multiple ( n-best ) sentence hypotheses r schwartz   s austin    
3d internet developments m crossley   j davies   r taylor-hendry  bt technology journal    
blood pressure and end-stage renal disease in men - group of 2 & raquo ; mj klag   pk whelton   bl randall   jd neaton   fl   
the decomposition and factorization of boolean expressions rk brayton   c mcmullen proc . iscas    
fast codebook design for vector quantization on partitioned space s momose   k sano   t nakamura   
a laser controlled area must be established whenever there is a nhz c area    
communication theory and the utilization of evaluation new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 dl newman   rd brown   la braskamp   
characterization and generation of a general class of resource-constrained project scheduling management science   1995.0 r kolisch   a sprecher   a drexl   
the spallation neutron source diagnostics s assadi procs . of this conference    
nasa storage/retrieval net to go on-line june 1984 . p gillin computerworld.   1983.0    
read this only to yourself : the private writings of midwestern women   1880â ?? 1910 ( bloomington   1982 e hampsten at    
geometry on gpus proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 h fuchs   
effectiveness of cbi : a different finding j orlansky electronic learning   1983.0    
terminal developments and their media capabilities w johnston bt technology journal   2001.0 
using xml security mechanisms bt technology journal   2001.0 a selkirk   
