initiation of crazes in polystyrene as argon   jg hannoosh phil . mag    
multidimensional similarity structure analysis i borg   jc lingoes  1987.0 
stereochemical applications of gas-phase electron diffraction k kuchitsu   m nakata   s yamamoto   i hargittai   m hargittai    
obtaining complete answers from incomplete databases ay levy  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
capturing design rationale in concurrent engineering teams m klein    
the art of deliberalizing : a handbook for the true professional . wc booth new directions for teaching and learning     1990.0 
hierarchical and variation geometric modeling with wavelets . in proceedings of the 1995 symposium on sj gortler   mf cohen   1995.0 
interactive med . 3d-simulations by means of stereoscopy and standard hardware rechner-u . sensorgestã 1/4 tzte chirurgie-procs   gi   h wã ¶ rn   j mã 1/4 hlingâ ? ¦   
vision-based pedestrian detection : will ants help ? m bertozzi   a broggi   a fascioli   
pan-browser support for annotations and other meta-information on the world wide web www5 / computer networks   1996.0 ma schickler   ms mazer   c brooks   
thread-local heaps for java t domani   g goldshtein   ek kolodner   e lewis   e    
roussopoulos . performanceandscalabilityofclient-server database architecture a delisandn   1992.0 
photoprotection by carotenoids fed proc   1987.0 mm mathews-roth   
svâ `` jeuxantiquesâ '' ve encarta   1993.0 
plan mining by divide-andconquer j han   q yang   e kim proceedings of sigmodâ ?? 99 workshop on research issues on & hellip ;    
foundations of differential geometry ( interscience   new york   1963 ) s kobayashi   k nomizu vol .  
blind nasotracheal intubation in the presence of facial trauma cl rosen   re wolfe   se chew   sw branney   ej roe journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
nsf workshop on industrial/academic cooperation in database systems m carey   l seligman 1999.0  sigmod record    
î ³ - spectrometric determination of the content of natural radionuclides in ground water a mukhamedov   gv poteshkin   us salikhbaevâ ? ¦  at .  
came : the first step to automated software engineering m saeki procs . oopsla 2003 workshop on process engineering for & hellip ;    
transportation and world development economic geography   jc lowe  1988.0 
xenobiotics and hammation san diego : academic   lb schook   dl laskin   
binary data transmission techniques for linear systems proc . ire   ml doelz   et heald   dl martin   
lp { the larch prover : version 3.1   1995 s garland mit   laboratory for computer science   http://larch . lcs . mit .  
thin is in : wafer-thinning method delivers ultra-slim chips with a clean process electronic design   d bursky   
shaping minds musically t machover bt technology journal     2004.0 
an empirical study of sale rates and prices in impressionist and contemporary art auctions o ashenfelter   k graddy  unpublished manuscript    
pp. 4-5 p assessment   
advanced diagnostics : a pascal interactive system information and software technology   nh white   gm haylett  1987.0 
expectations of italian cheese in the pizza industry rj alvarez proceedings of the 23rd annual marschall invitational & hellip ;    
fast ion dynamics in textor measured by collective thomson scattering h bindslev   l porte   ja hoekzema   d van eester   a    
in the middle of the night : a psychosocial resource book for after hours st mcnamara   ec meyer   ka fraser   ea sands journal of emergency nursing   1997.0    
establishing the planning process for selecting appropriate career programs . pc winstead new directions for higher education   1987.0 
campus energy management programs . ma pierce  new directions for higher education   1992.0 
wireless lans at risk c ellison pc magazine april      
possibilities for natural enemies in heliothis management and the contribution of the commonwealth dj greathead   dj girling proc . int . workshop    
foundations of theoretical mechanics rm santilli 1984.0    
decision support in knowledge acquisition : concept characterization using genetic algorithms a lee-post    
hydrology and hydraulic systems . 2 ndedition waveland press inc. ; 867pp rs gupta 2001.0    
sql multimedia and application packages ( sql/mm ) base documents p cotton   1994.0 
formation of ganymede grooved terrain by sequential extensional episodes : implications of galileo gc collins   jw head   rt pappalardo icarus-new york -   1998.0    
a study of virtual reality-a development of virtual space editor '' vis-edit '' - r kijima   m hirose procs . of the 7th human interface symposium      
analysis patterns for patient treatment t sorgente   eb fernandez   mm larrondo-petrie submitted for  
literacy and health communities : potential partners in practice new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 pa sissel   md hohn   
strudel : a web-site management system m fernandez   j kang   a levy   d suciu   
path queries on compressed xml proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 p buneman   m grohe   c koch   
certificate programs : alternative ways to career advancement and social mobility gj lopos 1991.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
pflanzensoziologie.â ?? springer verlag j braun-blanquet wien   at    
automatic acquisition of the lexical semanl   ics of verbs fl ` om sentence frames m webster   m mm ` cus procs of a cl &#39; 89      
erp project dynamics and enacted dialogue : perceived understanding   perceived leeway   and the nature p besson   f rowe acm sigmis database     2001.0 
participation in the iczm processes : mechanisms and procedures needed g king & hellip ; study for the european demonstration programme on iczm      
human resource development 's role in women 's career progress new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 ks mcdonald   lm hite   
the disposition of children with croup treated with racemic epinephrine and dexamethasone in the jd rizos   be digravio   mj sehl   jm tallon  journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
cardiotocography for antepartum fetal assessment n pattison   l mccowan cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
a contract and balancing mechanism for sharing capacity in a communication network e anderson   f kelly   r steinberg    
short proofs on lrâ ?? differentiability h rieder   p ruckdeschel   2000.0 
supporting multi-party voice-over-ip services with peer-to-peer stream processing x gu   z wen   ps yu   zy shae proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0    
varbrul programs unpublished manuscript   s pintzuk   
rb   warren   '' a computer system for cardiac electrical measurement and control   '' rc barr   gs herman-giddens   ms spach proc . 28th acemb   sept    
using signal proceesing to analyze wireless data traffic proceedings of acm workshop on wireless c partridge   d cousins   a jackson   r krishnan   t   
a tutorial introduction to the electronic design interchange format jp eurich   
others . 1995 . ecological effects of stocked trout in naturally fishless high mountain lakes   north wj liss  pacific northwest region   seattle    
what should be optimized in a decision tree technical report   university of massachusetts at amherst   n berkman   t sandholm   
dynamics of gender   ethnicity   and race in understanding classroom incivility new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 m alexander-snow   
a case of nocardia epidural abscess journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 al harvey   j myslinski   l ortiz   
a cartoon guide to wavelets jb buckheit   dl donoho 1995.0    
ambient technologyâ ?? now you see it   now you do n't bt technology journal   2004.0 r payne   b macdonald   
a sustainable world tc trzyna    
building clinical information spaces on the world wide web proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group international & hellip ;   p wehr   
shifting factors and the ineffectiveness of third party assurance seals : a two-stage model of dh mcknight   cj kacmar   v choudhury  electronic markets   2004.0 
dynamics of red [ a ] d lin   r morris 1997.0  proceedings of sigcomm    
occupational stress in nigeria police force . ondo state university   nigerial eo akinnawo  unpublished manuscript    
'' ping-pong '' gaze in severe monoamine oxidase inhibitor toxicity 1995.0 jl erich   rd shih   re o'connor journal of emergency medicine    
strategic informative advertising in a tv-advertising duopoly t nilssen   l sã ¸ rgard 2000.0    
coalescing in temporal databases mh bijhlen   rt snodgrass   md soo   
an d kroo   i. ( 1993 ) '' a rolefo rgenetic algorithmsinapreliminary designenvironment   '' p gage  proceedings fromtheaiaacf d  
the impact of case on is professionals ' work and motivation to use case j iivari   j maansaari   
bitwidth aware global register allocation s tallam   r gupta   
recentering learning : an interdisciplinary approach to academic and student affairs r guarasci new directions for higher education     2001.0 
modelling security policies in hypermedia and web-based applications p diaz   i aedo   f panetsos lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
in press . '' keeping it living '' : indigenous plant management on the northwest coast d deur   nj turner university of washington press   seattle   washington    
correlates of adolescent pregnancy in la paz   bolivia : findings from a quantitative-qualitative 2002.0 v lipovsek   am karim   ez gutierrez   rj magnani adolescence-san diego -    
web-based casinos are beating the odds k nash    
standards in practice   grades k-2 lk crafton    
the distributed sediment budget model and watershed management in the paleozoic plateau of the upper sw trimble physical geography    
conflicting expertise and uncertainty : quality assurance in high-level radioactive waste management mr fitzgerald   as mccabe new directions for program evaluation     1991.0 
syghronec oikonomikec skeqeic twn arhaiwn ellunwn ( contemporary economic thoughts of ancient greeks ) 1996.0 a kanelopoulos   
asymptotic analysis for a two-scales penalization method in fluid dynamics g carbou   
calculation procedures for differential propagation phase shift ea mueller & hellip ; on radar meteorology   zurich   switzerland   amer . meteor . soc      
programmable mobile networks at campbell   me kounavis   rrf liao 1999.0  computer networks    
moderators of self-other agreement : reconsidering temporal stability in personality jc biesanz   sg west   wg graziano journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
role of protege personality in receipt of mentoring and career success db turban   tw dougherty 1994.0  the academy of management journal    
quality assurance for welding of japanese welded beam-to-column connections m nakashima procs . of third inter . conf . on behavior of steel struct . in & hellip ;      
â ?? implementation of views and integrity control by query modification m stonebraker  proc . 1975 acm-sigmod conference on management of data   san & hellip ;    
analytical description of spatial patterns . a getis   jhp paelinck submitted for publication      
query optimization in the presence of limited access patterns proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of data   a levy   i manolesu   d suciu   d florescu   
modification of the k-sads-p cg last unpublished manuscript      
a national-scale authentication infrastructure ieee computer   rb von welch   d engert   i foster   s tuecke   j   
techniques for application software maintenance n gorla  information and software technology   1991.0 
47   ( cd-rom c2000 by intellectual reserve   inc. )   '' us census   h county   d kentucky  1880.0 
photothermal in v estigations of solids and fluids academic   san diego   jr barker   bm toselli   
creativity   divergent thinking   and openness to experience rr mccrae  journal of personality and social psychology    
web modelling ( webml ) : a modelling language for designing web sites computer networks   s ceri   p fraternali   a bongio   
toward the scalable integration of internet information sources j kang  2003.0 
a competitive edge in collaborative work ; project management tool uses web-based collaboration to ah johnson    
temporal coalescing with now   granularity   and incomplete information ce dyreson sigmod conference   2003.0    
goldman-segal   â ?? capturingstoriesinorganizationalmemorysystems : theroleof multimedia   â ?? proc . 28th annual hawaii int . conf . on systems science   vs raoandr   
azh ( astron . rep. ) 2000.0 vg kornilov   aa tokovinin   
an efficient algorithm for mining association rules in large databases ase omiecinski   s navathe i > proc . 21st int &#39; l conf . very large data bases   < / i > morgan & hellip ;    
community on-line : new professional environments for higher education t di petta new directions for teaching and learning     1998.0 
universal standardization of bone density measurements : a method with optimal properties sl hui   s gao   xh zhou   cc johnston   y lu   cc   1996.0 
physiology of olivocochlear efferents 1996.0 jj guinan springer handbook of auditory research    
when financial incentives encourage work : complete eighteen-month findings from the self-sufficiency w lin   pk robins   d card   k harknett   s lui-gurr september . ottawa : social research and demonstration & hellip ;      
relationships as natural categories journal of personality and social psychology   c sedikides   n olsen   ht reis  1993.0 
realizing a temporal complex-object data model portal.acm.org    
the asymptotic number of outerplanar graphs m bodirsky   m kang   
safety considerations in retailing hydrogen jl alcock   rf cracknell   jj rowson   lc shirvill   a  world hydrogen energy conference   montreal   canada   june    
the current state of edi in greece gi doukidis   a fragopoulou   j anagnostopoulos 1st greek edi conference   athens   greece   november      
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries . extended version proc . of the 28th international conference on very large & hellip ;   g gottlob   c koch   r pichler   
ten steps to a secure wireless network k karagiannis pc magazine      
the roles of supervisory support behaviors and environmental policy in employee '' ecoinitiatives '' at ca ramus   u steger    
recognizing problems in state universities . cj ping new directions for higher education   1986.0    
the eventivity constraint and modal reference effect in root infinitives n hymas 1999.0    
jd u1lman   '' v harinarayan   a rajaraman  implementing data cubes efficiently ''   sigmod conference    
getting to '' aha ! '' k melymuka computerworld    
dynamat : a dynamic view management system for data warehouses sigmod conference   y kotidis   n roussopoulos  1999.0 
dynamics of child care subsidy under a welfare reform policy l gennetian   p morris   w vargas unpublished manuscript   manpower demonstration research & hellip ;    
metric 3d surface reconstruction from uncalibrated image sequences lecture notes in computer science   m pollefeys   r koch   m vergauwen   l van gool  1998.0 
estuarine pollution : a case study of the humber . r arnett  geography   1991.0 
the parameterized complexity of database queries m grohe   
e-mail from gail johnson   2002   ( 2002 )   '' g johnson   
novel approach to indoor propagation modelling radioengineering-prague -   2000.0 p pechac   m klepal   k novotny   
distinguishing the effects of functional and dysfunctional conflict on strategic decision making : 1996.0 ac amason the academy of management journal    
code complete   chapter 24 s mcconnell   1993.0 
now you see it   now you do n't c rigden   
wealth and the timing of retirement 2000.0 s khitatrakun   
the presidential perspective on mission review for new career programs . ap splete new directions for higher education   1987.0    
implementing data cubes efficiently [ j ] v hafinarayan   a rajaraman   jd ullman sigmod      
weapons as aggression-eliciting stimuli journal of personality and social psychology   l berkowitz   a lepage   
using standard internet protocols and applications in space k hogie   rp criscuolo  computer networks   2005.0 
in search of erp paybacks th davenport  computerworld    
nonlinear dynamics of bandpass sigmaâ ?? delta modulation o feelyâ ? ¦    
teaching analytical reasoning through thinking aloud pair problem solving . je stice ( ed )   developing j lochhead   a whimbey new directions for teaching and  
software quality assurance through prototyping and automated testing information and software technology   1990.0 me staknis   
8051 å ? ® æ ? ¶ ç ?? å 3/4 ® é ? '' è ? ¦ å ¯ ¦ ç ¿ ? è ?? æ ?? ç ? ¨   1993 : æ ? 3/4 å ´ ? é ? '' è ? ¦ å ?? æ ? ¸ è ³ ? æ ?? å ? ³ é ?? æ ?? ï 1/4 ? æ ² ? æ ? ¶ é ? 1/2 ï 1/4 ? é?åºå ??    
removal policies in network caches for www documents s williams   m abrams   c standridge   g abdulla   e acm sigcomm      
catching sites l lindop   m sriskandarajah   m williams   m bracken    pc magazine    
microsoft ( r ) project 2002 step by step c chatfield   2002.0 
closure of the '' non-healing wound '' corresponds with correction of weight loss using the anabolic r demling   l de santi    
user-interface architecture of web-based applications p hejda  2001.0 
a framework for high-speed controller design jm mulder   rj portier   a srivastava    
shifting to a work first program for welfare recipients : lessons from los angeles county new york : manpower demonstration research corporation   e weissman   
source acm sigmod record archive j melton acm sigmod record   2002.0    
data-driven one-to-one web site generation for data-intensive web applications s ceri   p fraternali   s paraboschi proceedings of vldbâ ?? 99   september 1999   edinburgh    
single-service quality differentiation g karlsson   h lundqvist   im ivars   
the attitudes of final year geography undergraduates to teaching as a career geography   t unwin   
mobile video stream monitoring system proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   ky lam   ckh chiu  2003.0 
connecticut 's jobs first program : an analysis of welfare leavers . l melton   d bloom   2000.0 
a fast algorithm for calculating a tracker in statistical database d denning   j schlorer acm transactions on database systems    
a lyre of savage thunder : a study of the poetry of roy campbell wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   jf povey   r campbell  1966.0 
e-mail and www browsers : a forensic computing perspective on the need for improved user education 2002.0 v broucek   p turner & hellip ; association international conference   seattle washington   & hellip ;    
strategic preparedness : a critical requirement to maximize e-commerce investments ka saban electronic markets   2001.0 
simulation of the effect of o 2 and h 2 on the concentration of radiolysis products in the vvã?r -440 bg ershov   av gordeev at .    
sala-i-martin   xavier ( 1995 ) economic growth new rj barro   
integrated price and reliability regulation : the european experience v ajodhia   
decision analysis tools for genco dispatch gb sheble proc . 21st int . conf . power ind. comput .    
principles of an icons-based language acm sigmod record   c frasson   m er-radi  1986.0 
local model checking for real-time systems ov sokolsky   sa smolka 1995.0  lecture notes in computer science    
dynamic data flow analysis for java programs as boujarwah   k saleh   j al-dallal  information & software technology   2000.0 
the role of visual rhetoric in the design and production of electronic books : the visual book electronic library   m landoni  2000.0 
javascript   dpunkt . verlag s koch   
some shortcomings of ocl   the object constraint constraint language of uml m vaziri   d jackson  technical report   massachusetts institute of technology    
mechanistic aspects of-bond-cleavage reactions of aromatic radical cations e baciocchi   m bietti   o lanzalunga 2000.0  acc . chem . res    
a timing-based schema for stabilizing information exchange in networks a arora   d poduska proc . int . conf . on computer networks    
transformation-based learning using multirelational aggregation ma krogel   s wrobel lecture notes in computer science   2001.0    
languages for relational databases over interpreted structures   in â ?? pods 1997 m benedikt   l libkin  proceedings of the sixteenth acm-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ;    
'' everything old is new again '' : early reflections on the '' new chicago school '' m tushnet 1998.0  wisconsin law review    
meeting the userâ ?? s intention in programming by demonstration systems . m sassin   s bocionek proc acquisition learning and demonstration workshop    
research centers acm sigmod record   2005.0 u cetintemel   
an adaptable and adjustable mapping from xml data to tables in rdb w xiao-ling   l jin-feng   d yi-sheng 2003.0  proceedings of the vldb 2002 workshop eextt and caise 2002 & hellip ;    
granularity issues in a knowledge-based programming environment information and software technology   1987.0 ph feiler   ge kaiser   
first international symposium on gis in fishery sciences seattle   washington   usa ( abstracts )   t nishida   
optimal on-line algorithms for single-machine scheduling ja hoogeveen   apa vestjens lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
waxweb3 d blairâ ? ¦ interactive www/vrml demonstration      
vtew indexrng an relatronal databaeecr n roussopoulos  acm transactions on database systems   ( 7 )    
the principles   practice and pitfalls of nearest-neighbour analysis in linear situations da pinder   me witherick  geography    
theory and practice of electro-remediation r lageman nato/ccms pilot study : demonstration of remedial action & hellip ;      
magnetic resonance imaging with implanted neurostimulators : a first numerical approach using finite ma golombeck   a staubert   vm tronnier   
sticky prices : ipo pricing on nasdaq and the neuer markt w aussenegg   p pichler   a stomper   
sat-based model checking : a tutorial and overview p bjesse   m sheeran   g stalmarck  submitted for publication   february    
hickman catheter-related infections in neutropenic patients : insertion in the operating theater submitted for jl nouwen   jj wielenga   h van overhagen   js   
slipping into and out of poverty : the dynamics of spells mj bane   dt ellwood 1986.0  the journal of human resources    
solidification by cementation of radioactively contaminated natural waters vn epimakhov   ms oleinik   vv martynov at .  
tutorial : constraint programming and database languages p kanellakis proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod sigart symposium on & hellip ;   1995.0    
some aspects of array signal processing s haykin   jp reilly   v kezys   e vertatschitsch 1992.0  iee proceedings    
on the tear strength of rubbers an gent   aw henry  proc . int . rubber conf.   brighton    
games with incomplete information played byâ ?? bayesianâ ?? players   iâ ?? iii jc harsanyi    
materialized views and data warehouses . acms anthology sigmod record     1998.0 
iso seeks to harmonize numerous global efforts in software process management mc paulk   md konrad ieee computer      
the cg tutorial : the definitive guide to programmable real-time graphics . [ sl ] : addison-wesley pub co r fernando   mj kilgard   
subnanosecond arithmetic second report mj flynn   g de micheli   r dutton   rf pease   b   
illustrating surgical procedures . j audiov media med   1978.0 f wadsworth   
sexual dimorphism   sex ratios and polygyny in the red-winged blackbird 1968.0 cr haigh   
the use of ultrasound technology to determine gender of snakehead fish ( channa striatus ) . book of d montgomery   bl leamaster   rp weidenbach world aquacult . soc . meeting   seattle   washington usa    
access to microsystem technology : the cmp services solution b charlot   b courtois   h delori   jf paillotin   k    
serendipitous information retrieval proceedings of the first delos network of excellence workshop on eg toms  & hellip ; in digital libraries ( zurich   switzerland   december 11 -- 12    
the carrot or the stick : the demands for rewards and punishments and their effects on cooperation j andreoni   w harbaugh   l vesterlund  university of wisconsin    
catherine cookson country : tourist expectation and experience d pocock  geography    
toward efficient and robust software speculative parallelization on multiprocessors m cintra   dr llanos   
assessing the current state of intellectual relationships between the decision support systems area sb eom    
the teacher as leader . new directions in teaching and e glassman   
making and selling bark products j mater   r martin   d williams   r sarles   f lamb   r  proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting in july    
the supersid project : exploiting high-level information for high-accuracy speaker recognition da reynolds   w andrews   j campbell   j navratil   b    
data access ( tutorial session ) ja blakeley   a deshpande 2000.0  acm sigmod record    
the effects of fracture type ( induced versus natural ) on the stress-fracture closure-permeability je gale proceedings of the 23rd rock mechanics symposium . berkeley : & hellip ;      
the dislocation distribution   flow stress   and stored energy in cold-worked polycrystalline silver je bailey   pb hirsch  phil . mag    
on the encipherment of search trees and random access files r bayer   jk metzger 1976.0  acm transactions on database systems    
genealogy of toni farmer   ( posted at http://toni . myqth . com/sergent3   html )   '' t farmer   
automatic generation of physical data base structures   se smith    
a tutorial on learning bayesian networks   ( rep. no . msr-tr-95-06 ) d heckerman microsoft research      
theentity-relationship modelâ ?? towardaunified view of data acm transactions on database systems   pp chen   
vitamin d receptors : molecular structures of the protein and its chromosomal gene jw pike   ra kesterson   ra scott   sa kerner   dp & hellip ; : proceedings of the seventh workshop on vitamin d. new york & hellip ;    
flower essence society   1996 r katz   
dwarf citrus trees for high density plantings r pã © rez   r rodrãquez   a gonzã ¡ les   n del valle    proc . int . soc . citriculture    
hopelessness in adolescent alcohol abusers p wisneski   2000.0 
advanced dial-a-ride algorithms : interim report nhm wilson   rw weissberg   bt higonnet   j hauser  1975.0 
applications of n york computer  
pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamic effects of progesterone antagonist zk98 . 299 in female bonnet cp puri   rk patil   ad ` souza   wag elger   jmr  bombay   india : indian society for the study of reproduction & hellip ;    
monte-carlo model requirements for hardware-in-the-loop missile simulations 1976.0 hl pastrick   ls isom   cm will   rj vinson   lh hazel & hellip ; simulation conference   washington   d. c   proceedings    
a video compression algorithm with adaptive bit allocation and quantization   '' e viscito   c gonzales proc . spie   1991.0    
a new look at laser chemistry rd levine   kl kompa  acc . chem . res    
pvm-prolog : parallel logic programming in the pvm system r marques   jc cunha procs . of the 1995 pvm userâ ?? s group meeting   pittsburgh   & hellip ;    
novel applications of super-heated water as the eluent in reversed-phase hplc rm smith proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on high    
wireless lans appear to breach crimes bill computerworld   p brislen   
strategies for the 1990s ee chaffee new directions for higher education   1990.0 
themousebraininstereotaxiccoordinates f paxinosg  san diego : academic    
electronic market : the roadmap for university libraries and members to survive in the information sigmod record   acms anthology  1998.0 
three-dimensional data input by tablet acm siggraph computer graphics   ie sutherland  1974.0 
puns in apollinaire 's '' alcools '' ah greet 1965.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
on the statistical estimation of mean lifetimes ms bartlett phil . mag      
what a good idea ! ideology and frames in social movement research pe oliver   h johnston mobilization-san diego -   2000.0 
web-based collaborative library research s robertson   s jitan   k reese  proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
internet 0â ?? inter-device internetworking r krikorian   n gershenfeld bt technology journal     2004.0 
overview of neural-type electronics   '' n el-leithy   fw newcomb proc . of the 28th midwest symposium on circuits and systems   & hellip ;    
state of the art in workflow management system research and products . tutorial notes c mohan 5th international conference on extending database & hellip ;    
mining patterns in long sequential data with noise w wang   j yang   ps yu    
mstar extended operating conditions : a tutorial proceedings spie   1996.0 er keydel   sw lee   j moore   
the genetic interâ ?? est of incompatibility in fungi k mather see ref      
io issues in a multimedia system aln reddy   j wyllie   
krivanek 0 l and rudee ml 1973 phil . mag   a howie   
n. turing machines with few accepting computations and low sets for pp j ksbler   u schsning   s toda   j tor proceedings of the d thannual conference on structure in    
why do small dwarf perch breed late ? the causes and consequences of breeding schedule variation in et schultz 1990.0    
intermediary infrastructures for the world wide web md dikaiakos computer networks     2004.0 
new programs at darpa and nsf . x qian sigmod record   1996.0    
cerebellar cortex : cytology and organization sl palay   v chan-palay   1974.0 
an architecture for coordinating planning   sensing   and action r simmons procs . darpa workshop on innovative approaches to planning   & hellip ;    
coming out in the age of the internet : identity '' demarginalization '' through virtual group kya mckenna   ja bargh  journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
dynamics of pond aquaculture hs egna   ce boyd 1997.0    
statistical estimation of the switching activity in digital circuits   '' 31st acm/ieee design m xakellis   f najm san diego   ca    
analytical modeling and characterization of deep-submicrometer interconnect d sylvester   c hu proceedings-ieee   2001.0    
dwarf : shrinking the petacube y kotidis    
study on the assessment   the enhancement of the legal infrastructure and the management of the t adamakopoulos   s gatzogiannis   k poirazidis world wildlife fundâ ?? greece   athens      
software and hardware for exploiting speculative parallelismwith a multiprocessor j oplinger   d heine   sw liao   ba nayfeh   ms lam   k technical report csl-tr-97-715   stanford university computer    
inducing content based user models with inductive logic programming techniques me muller   
learning with interactive multimedia sr ambron   k hooper  1990.0 
e-mail from mary gephart howard   2002   ( 2002 )   '' mg howard    
on kent 's '' consequences of assuming a universal relation '' . 1983.0 dvd version   acmsa dvd acm trans . database syst.    
the jungle database search engine m bohlen   l bukauskas   c dyreson    
methodological advances in protein nmr s grzesiek   a bax  acc . chem . res    
modeling phytoplankton blooms and carbon export production in the southern ocean : dominant controls c lancelot   e hannon   s becquevort   c veth   hjw de deep-sea research i     2000.0 
aspects of risk theory j grandell 1994.0    
some theoretical aspects of boosting in the presence of noisy data w jiang    
automatic verification of timed concurrent constraint programs . 2003 m falaschi   a villanueva submitted for    
a synthesis of women 's career development issues ll bierema 1998.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
nv   '' a data transfer protocol   '' computer networks   s stenning   
multimedia memory of mayan medicine ( demonstration ) ta smith   b woloch   l teodosio   jc de la parra   fg proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
mobile ipv6 and the future of wireless internet access sj vaughan-nichols    
natural products radical reactions d monti   p tagliatesta   t boschi   uã?s di roma   t 1991.0  acc . chem . res    
a homotopy approach to rational covariance extension with degree constraint p enqvist    
potential for the dvelopment of and the possibility of attaining a state of radiation equivalence of eo adamov   ba gabaraev   ik ganevâ ? ¦ at .    
strongly nonlinear internal solitionsâ ?? analytical models and fully nonlinear computaitons j grue   la ostrovsky  2001.0 
temporal management of rfid data f wang   p liu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;     2005.0 
27 good reasons to buy a cd-rom player pc magazine-american edition -   1992.0 r raskin   
efficient generation of broadcast schedules wg yee   sb navathe submitted for publication    
and now ... the answers ! how to deal with conflict in higher education 1995.0 sa holton new directions for higher education    
combating web spam with trustrank z gyongyi   h garcia-molina   j pedersen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2004.0 
communicating x-machines j barnard   j whitworth   m woodward  information and software technology   1996.0 
the first year of college teaching ld fink  new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 
uk team surveys web-based visualization proceedings of acm siggraph 2000   k brodlie   s lovegrove   j wood   
report on the 1995 international workshop on temporal databases sigmod record   a segev   cs jensen   rt snodgrass  1995.0 
a global standard at black & decker s kolodziej computerworld    
complexity and the social w medd   
thor userâ ?? s manual : tutorial and commands ra hi   t blank   k choi   sy hwang   a salz   l soule   technical report csl-tr-88-348   stanford university   stanford      
bandwidth management for the people f saffre   c hoile   m shackleton bt technology journal   2005.0    
mining sequential patterns by pattern-growth : the prefixspan approach b mortazavi-asl   j wang   h pinto   q chen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering     2004.0 
capturing long memory in the volatility of equity returns : a fractionally integrated asymmetric th mccurdy   pk michaud unpublished manuscript      
decidability and expressiveness aspects of logic queries o siimueli proc . 6th acm    
m.   and mcclure   w. 0 . ( 1968 ) g edelman acc . chem .  
sharing and first class functions in object-oriented languages ta budd  submitted for  
5 steps to success in lead-free soldering -- step 4 : implement lead-free manufacturing g diepstraten  electronic production    
innovation in organization : notes toward a theory approaches to organization design   jq wilson   
1930   ( posted at www . rootsweb . com/kyletcher )   '' lc births 1921.0    
the student learning self-study : choices and opportunities 2001.0 sr hatfield new directions for higher education    
hibric-mem   a memory controller for powerpc based systems m porrmann   j landmann   km marks   u rã 1/4 ckert   
unsolved problems in planning as constraint satisfaction t bedrax-weiss   ak jonsson   ml ginsberg unpublished manuscript     1996.0 
data mining 1997.0 p adriaans   d zantinge   
alkalinisation for organophosphorus pesticide poisoning d roberts   n buckley cochrane database syst . rev     2005.0 
the bandit computer program for the reduction of matrix bandwidth for nastran . rep. 3827   naval ship gc everstine md      
information overload and '' just-in-time '' knowledge r hanka  electronic library   2000.0 
chin   dn   mammen   m. & gordon   dm ( 1995 ) gm whitesides   ee simanek   jp mathias   ct seto  acc . chem . res    
a verifier for interactive   data-driven web applications proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   a deutsch   m marcus   l sui   v vianu   d zhou  2005.0 
statistical zero-knowledge proofs with efficient provers : lattice problems and more d micciancio   s vadhan   
the propagation of stress pulses in viscoelastic solids phil . mag   h kolsky   
using video in the bnr usability lab s kennedy   
art and history of washington dc florence   italy : bonechi   1998 i smith   r bruce    
an intelligent usage parameter controller based on dynamic rate leaky bucket for atm networks mh yaghmaee   m safavi   mb menhaj computer networks    
the architecture of maita : a tool for monitoring   analysis and interpretation . technical report   massachusetts institute of j doyle   i kohane   w long   p szolovits   
real-time specification inheritance anomalies and real-time filters lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 m aksit   j bosch   w van der sterren   l bergmans   
dynamic rate-selection for extending the lifetime of energy-constrained networks n aboughazaleh   p lanigan   s gobriel   d mosse   r    
effect of impurities on the performance of reactor graphite ys virgilâ ?? ev at . energiya      
surface heat budget of the arctic ocean science plan   arcss/oaii report number 5 re moritz   dk perovich seattle : university of washington    
balancing quality of service   pricing and utilisation in multiservice networks with stream and k lindberger  proc . itc    
feeding ecology offish sd gerking  san diego   academic    
optimising bandwidth of abr sources dk madhu   pg harrison computer networks    
state university ofnm jc connolly  york  
falls in the elderly : a multifactorial problem journal of emergency nursing   2000.0 s letvak   
tg   1984 : longwave parameterization for the ucla/glas gcm . nasa tech . mem . 86072   goddard space c harshvardhan   
specification of stored data structures and desired output results in diam ii with foral . me senko vldb      
documentation of the data sources and analytical methods used in the benefit-cost analysis of the d long   v knox   1985.0 
computability k weihrauch   1987.0 
subscales for scales 5 and 0 of the mmpl k serkownek unpublished manuscript      
die geschichte des netzes : ein historischer abriã ? j musch see batinic   2000.0    
eutrapetia : a forgotten virtue . h rahner man at      
handbook of optical constants of solids academic ed palik new york      
iso working draft sql multimedia and application packages ( sql/mm ) - parts 1â ± 8 documents x3h2-96-295 to   m ashworth   
the dynamics of language r kempson   r cann   l marten unpublished manuscript   2002.0    
ethics commissions and ethics councils in international comparison indo-german workshop on bioethics   bombay   india   march   m fuchs   
real-time asl recognition from video using hmmâ ?? s t starner   a pentland technical report 375   media lab   massachusetts inst . of    
combinatorial enumeration of groups   graphs   and chemical compounds g polya   rc read  1987.0 
techniques for pelvic surgery in subfertility cochrane database syst rev   a watson   p vandekerckhove   r lilford  2000.0 
cooperative pluralism : moving from '' me '' to '' we . '' . 1990.0 m nakagawa   vo pang social studies and the young learner    
microsoft visual c# . net step by step j sharp   j jagger  2002.0 
software for interactive on-line conferences - group of 2 & raquo ; acm sigois bulletin   1984.0 sk sarin   i greif   
computer hardware description languages-a tutorial g sajjan proceedings of the ieee   1979.0    
nonlinear black-box identification of distillation column models-design variable selection for model wm ling   de rivera  applied mathematics and computer science   1998.0 
changes in agricultural tillage practices in mississippi from 1997 to 2002 jr johnson   h bloodworth   k mcgregor    
elements of statistical computing ( 1988 ) ra thisted    
affine a-resolvable incomplete block designs contributions to ss shrikhande   d raghavarao   
transcriptional and posttranscriptional regulation of the interleukin-4 and interleukin-3 genes in wha dokter   mt esselink   sj sierdsema   mr halie    
the scsh manual . november 1995   scsh release 0.4 mit laboratory for computer science . ( also available at url http : o shivers   
data mining : concepts and techniques j han   m kamber  sigmod record   2002.0 
learning to survive a birk    
ã?induced bond cleavage reactions in some sulfonium salts derivativesâº : fd saeva in advances in ipe transfer c ) er gaillard   dg whitten   acc . chem . res . 1996   29      
coloured petri nets : a high level language for system design and analysis . advances in petri nets k jensen lecture notes in computer science    
graph isomorfizm algorithm for regular vlsi structure proc . 28th annual conf . in information sciences and systems   & hellip ;   v kureichik   a tetelbaum   
titanâ ?? s surface : monitoring and modeling from near-infrared spectra a coustenis   b schmitt   e lellouch   cp mckay   p submitted for publication      
excitation dynamics : insights from simplified membrane models fed . proc   1985.0 j rinzel   
on answering queries in the presence of limited access patterns c li   e chang   
combined work/quality assurance project plan for water quality monitoring and combined sewer 2000.0 ac rex   di taylor   
chemical process dynamics and identification   lecture notes technical university of denmark   sb jorgensen   
ethics and hr : standards in practice g edwards   k bennett  personnel administrator    
high availability in very large workflow management systems m kamath   g alonso   r gunthor   c mohan research report   ibm almaden research center   february      
threshold schemes based on plucker coordinates m wang   d feng   g wang    
seed dispersal   gap colonization   and the case of cecropia insignis see ref   nvl brokaw   
388.6 â ?? 7 ( csm i 25 ) x at at  
parallel processing and document layout   submitted to h brown   1988.0 
lipid modification and coronary heart disease in md feher   rs elkeles  md   1999.0 
ethics in practice e perloff   jk perloff 1980.0  new directions for program evaluation    
scheduling real-time transactions : a performance evaluation '' 14th int r abbott   h garcia-molina conf . on vldb    
point processes and queues   martingale dynamics p brã © maud   1981.0 
a high photosensitivity il-ccd image sensor with monolithic resin lens array y ishihara   k tanigaki    
beyond your resume : ' a nurse 's professional '' portfolio '' b brooks   s barrett   pg zimmermann  journal of emergency nursing   1998.0 
generalized page replacement algorithms in a relational data base rg casey   i osman proceedings of the 1974 acm sigfidet ( now sigmod ) workshop & hellip ;   1974.0 
report on the acm fourth international workshop on data warehousing and olap ( dolap 2001 ) sigmod record   j hammer  2002.0 
finestructure of atmospheric refractive layers and implications for over-the-horizon propagation and ee gossard   wd neff   rj zamora   je gaynor & hellip ; : conference on radar meteorology   22nd   zurich   switzerland & hellip ;     1984.0 
molecular dynamics study of melting . pt . 3 . spontaneous dislocation generation and the dynamics of phil . mag.   1974.0 rmj cotterill   d kristensen   
the sexual assault nurse clinician : '' minneapolis ' 15 years experience . '' journal of emergency nursing   le ledray   
access signallingâ ?? q. 2931 and related standards b law   rr knight 1998.0  bt technology journal    
the nonlinear membrane energy : variational derivation under the constraint â ?? detâ ?? u = 0â ?? o anza hafsa   jp mandallena    
obtaining complete answers from incomplete databases ieee computer   c collet   m huhns   w shen   
design metrics in practice information and software technology   ba kitchenham   sj linkman  1990.0 
interactive quantitative multispectral imaging in analytical microscopy p ingram   da kopf   a lefurgey microbeam analysis   proc . 28th ann . meeting   new orleans   la    
e-commerce database issues and experience a rajaraman   
code complete s mcconnel  1993.0 
a high performance universb1 key associative access method dl lome acmsigmod   int . conf . on management of data   san jose      
youth suicide risk and sexual orientation adolescence-san diego -   pa rutter   e soucar  2002.0 
turning an art into a craft : automatic bindingtime improvement m sperber   p thiemann 1995.0    
programs that work at bellarmine college . ev petrik 1979.0  new directions for higher education    
appendicitis masquerading as tumor : a case of two diagnoses mt marshall   p rosen   r berlin   n greenson journal of emergency medicine   2001.0    
on the complexity of division and set joins in the relational algebra d leinders   j van den bussche    
attributing mental attitudes to groups : cooperation in a qualitative game theory g boella   l van der torre   2003.0 
chemokinesis in paramecium : a genetic approach 1976.0 jl van houten   
the virtual journal rc roistacher computer networks      
path queries on compressed xml 2003.0 pbmgc koch   
london research centre wmae inventory  isbn    
a study of psychologic aspects of chronic renal failure . a project report for the ma degree in u bapat  1984.0 
evaluating data mining procedures : techniques for generating artificial data sets 1999.0 pd scott   e wilkins information and software technology    
visual data mining in atmospheric science data data mining and knowledge discovery   m macãªdo   d cook   tj brown  2000.0 
rapide-0 .2 examples technical report csltr92510   computer systems lab   stanford a hsieh   
the possessor that stayed close to home a munn    
agreement among judges of personality : interpersonal relations   similarity   and acquaintanceship dc funder   dc kolar   mc blackman 1995.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
resource control for elastic traffic in cdma networks va siris proceedings of acm mobicom 2002     2002.0 
improvement of temporal quality of hmd for rotational motion y yanagida   m inami   s tachi    
exercise-associated hyponatremia in marathon runners : a two-year experience dp davis   js videen   a marino   gm vilke   jv journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
consequences of abusive supervision 2000.0 bj tepper academy of management journal    
the automated will : nonconscious activation and pursuit of behavioral goals ja bargh   pm gollwitzer   a lee-chai   k barndollar   journal of personality and social psychology   2001.0    
november 2002   â ?? microsoft makes   f times   
land degradation   state power   and peasant livelihood in attappadi ( kerala state   india ) wr hoeschele geography      
the vusystem : a programming system for visual processing of digital video c lindblad   d wetherall   d tennenhouse 1994.0  proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;    
emotions and contentious politics r aminzade   d mcadam  mobilization-san diego -   2002.0 
analytical placement : a linear or a quadratic objective function j kleinhans   g sigl   f johannes   k antreich  proc . 28th acm/ieee design automation conference    
will wright on the secret of sims ca mangis  pc magazine    
software for audiophiles : four music appreciation packages pc magazine   r kendall  1993.0 
putting theory to practice and practice to theory hkm baskett   vv marsick   rm cervero 1992.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
on semantic issues connected with incomplete information databases 1979.0 w lipski acm transactions on database systems    
dendritic cell biology and regulation of dendritic cell trafficking by chemokines c caux   s ait-yahia   k chemin   o de bouteiller   mc springer seminars in immunopathology   2000.0    
lagrangean relaxation and constraint generation procedures for capacitated plant location problems j barcelo   ã ? hallefjord   e fernandez   k jã ¶ rnsten or spectrum   1990.0 
microsoft excel version 2002 inside out 2001.0 m dodge   
drosophila p element transposase acts as a transcriptional repressor in vitro pk kaufman   dc rio 1990.0    
the '' normality '' of snopesism : universal themes in faulkner 's '' the hamlet '' 1962.0 j gold wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
using the instructional budget to maintain quality . ca young new directions for higher education   1984.0    
report on l irst international workshop on real-time database systems s son 1996.0  sigmod record    
bayesian clustering by dynamics p sebastiani   p cohen machine  
more on family presence during resuscitation c osuagwu 1993.0  journal of emergency nursing    
software pipeliningof loopswith conditionalbranches   '' mgscg lee  proc . 29th ann . int &#39; l symp . on  
building understandings in literacy and teaching ( cd-rom ) k love   k pigdon   g baker the university of melbourne . demonstration at      
a fair deterministic packet access protocol : f-rama ( fair resource assignment multiple access ala pinheiro   jrb de marca 1996.0  electronic letters    
l. wang   theconcept ofrelevanttimescales andits applicationtoqueuing analysis of self-similartrac al neidhardt andj proc . acm    
dce extending practical pre-aggregation in on-line analytical processing proceedings of the 25th international conference on very tb pedersen   cs jensen   
organizational downsizing h kang  1999.0 
verifying et-lotos programs with kronos c daws   a olivero   s yovine    
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ä ¿ ? è ¿ ? æ ² '' ç ?? å ® ? ç ? ¨ æ ?? å ?? tiger drs   seattle   washington   usa   é '' ? æ?é ¸ #   
joyce 's '' ulysses '' and whitman 's '' self '' : a query d summerhayes wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 
charles e. campbell   andrew eisenberg and jim melton xml schema acm sigmod record    
real-time environmental applications and display system ( ready ) website ( h ttp : / / www . arl . noaa . gov gd rolph  md    
advances in modeling and engineering of long-range dependent traffic 2002.0 m devetsikiotis   nlsd fonseca computer networks    
automatic crowd scene generation j vercher-amiguet electronic imaging    
university of sydney   2002 f robotics also    
fault tolerance : principles and practice pa lee   t anderson 1990.0    
a pattern language for firewalls eb fernandez   mm larrondo-petrie   n seliya   
brest reactor fuel cycle at . av lopatkin   vv orlov   ag sila-novitskiiâ ? ¦   
'' further critical comments on pascal   particularly as a systems programming language '' acm sigplan notices   1976.0 r conradi   
the escrow transactional method pe o'neil acm transactions on database systems     1986.0 
multi-annual atmospheric circulation change and climate oscillation in first synoptic region n sidorenkov   p svirenko  proceedings of hydrometcenter    
a history of mobile communicationsâ ?? 1995 to 2010 2000.0 p smyth bt technology journal    
effective personalization of push-type systems - visualizing information freshness 1998.0 h sakagami   t kamba   a sugiura   y koseki www7 / computer networks    
1920   ( posted at www . rootsweb . com/kyletcher )   '' lc births 1911.0    
a computational argumentation methodology for capturing and analyzing design rationale arising from 2003.0 s sigman   xf liu information & software technology    
on extending the functions of a relational database system rl haskin   ra lorie   
a   shader   r 1   greenblatt   d j.   and creelman   w. l   eds ( 1995 ) drug interactmns rn psychfatry   d crraulo   
improving military helicopter supportability with the integrated mechanical diagnostics ( imd ) health rc muldoon   re hayden  european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
building e-commerce applications from object-oriented conceptual models o pastor   s abrahã # o   j fons   
organizational actions in response to threats and opportunities academy of management journal   p chattopadhyay   wh glick   gp huber  2001.0 
survival analysis dg kleinbaum 1996.0    
numerical simulation of the bk 117/ec 145 fuselage flow field e schoell european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
type inference in the polymorphic relational algebra j van den bussche   e waller proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst     1999.0 
automatic verification of parameterized synchronous systems ea emerson   ks namjoshi lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
a search for evidence of non-thermal emission from the supernova remnants 37a/b r oliversen  2002.0 
the ambiguities of '' clock without hands '' d emerson wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1962.0    
lifetime of the 1 . 959 mev state in cl-36 ( abstract only ) a kuronen   j keinonen   p tikkanen   a kangasmaki oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0    
memory systems for parallel programming 1996.0 be richards   
logical physics i : foundations of chaos k svozil technical university vienna preprint   feruary    
asymptotic analysis in fracture   advances in fracture research jr willis proceedings   icf9    
web-site management with tiramisu c anderson   
on-the-fly testing of reactive systems m veanes   c campbell   w schulte   p kohli submitted for  
costimulatory molecule-deficient dendritic cell progenitors induce t cell hyporesponsiveness in f fu   y li   s qian   l lu   fd chambers   te starzl   transplantation proceedings   1997.0    
untangling the web santa barbara : university of california   santa barbara   ( 1996 ) r wallach   l mccann   
data-driven   oneto-one web site generation for data-intensive applications p fraternali   s ceri   s paraboschi proc . 25th vldb  
gostelow . '' the u-interpreter kp arvind ieee computer    
activex overview c kindel   1997.0 
transosseous osteosynthesis : theoretical and clinical aspects of the regeneration and growth of 1992.0 ga ilizarov   
panel : the state-of-the-art in temporal database management : perspectives from the research and j clifford   c jensen   r snodgrass   m bã ¶ hlen   h  proceedings of the vldb international workshop on temporal & hellip ;    
on avoiding '' psych '' patients journal of emergency nursing   e hunt  1993.0 
freshwater mollusks of the upper klamath drainage   oregon . 1998 yearly report to oregon natural deixis consultants   seattle   washington . vii   tj frest   ej johannes   
on fault tolerance and worst-case response time analysis in can n navet   yq song  proceedings of the 23rd ifac/ifip workshop on real-time & hellip ;    
a theory of aspects d walker   s zdancewic   j ligatti   
reptiles and amphibians in captivity   breeding-longevity and inventory fl slavens   k slavens  seattle   washington    
current events and the internet : connecting '' headline news '' to perennial issues be larson social studies and the young learner   1999.0    
aspects cliniques de lâ ?? allergie aux colorants des textiles a pons-guiraud  proceedings of the gerda ( groupe dâ ?? etudes et de recherche & hellip ;    
simulating granular flow with molecular dynamics gh ristow   
policy   politics and emigration : reexamining the mexican experience . unpublished manuscript   ro de la garza   g szekely   
measurements of mechanical stress drift in ic plastic packages using the piezo-hall effect d manic   j petr   rs popovic  proc . 29th eur . solid-state device  
ecosystem assessment of three peatland sites in northern germany as an environmental education j barkmann   s bã ¶ geholz   
'' pale fire '' and the fine art of annotation jo lyons wisconsin studies in contemporary literature     1967.0 
an interactivesystemto learn funcionallogic programs fbd gunetti    
lubricant film thickness and shape using interferometry and imaging process r bassani   e ciulli  proceedings of the 23rd leeds-lyon symposiumon tribology . & hellip ;    
from whence have we come ? the first twenty-five years of educational gerontology r hiemstra new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 
emergency department approach to acute thoracolumbar spine injury e savitsky   s votey journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
interventions for mucous membrane pemphigoid and epidermolysis bullosa acquisita g kirtschig   d murrell   f wojnarowska   n khumalo 2003.0  cochrane database syst rev    
nonlinear optical properties of organic molecules and crystals   vols . 1 and 2 ds chemla   j zyss i ( academic   newyork  
tw ( 1996 ) . a communication agreement framework for access/action control m roscheisen technical report   stanford  
an efficient feature selection algorithm for classification of gene expression data c campbell   y li   m tipping   
0 . e.   and heike   v.   1965 a animalu phil .  
cultural watersheds : diagramming one 's own experience of culture 1999.0 kj hoelscher social studies and the young learner    
electroenceph . clin neurophysiol.   '' i   p ellingson   
md 1995 johnnie e. jones md   pa vieta sr   
choosing a view update translator by dialog at view definition time . 12th int conf . on very large data bases   kyoto   japan   august   am keller   
sequential pattern mining with approximated constraints c antunes   al oliveira    
putting packages to the test at   1993.0 m burgess   
gentran : an automatic code generation facility for reduce bl gates   
obtaining progressive protocols for a simple multiversion database model 1983.0 gn buckley   a silberschatz vldb    
tree pattern aggregation for scalable xml data dissemination vldb   2002.0 cy chan   w fan   p felber   mn garofalakis   r   
flexibly mapping synchronous groupware architectures to distributed implementations submitted for publication   1999.0 t urnes   tcn graham   
book review column k aberer sigmod   2002.0 
implementing data cubes efficiently . acm sigmod proceedings 1996   and via ftp db stanford . edu as v harinarayan   r rajaraman   jd ullman   
organizational career stage as a moderator of the satisfaction-performance relationship the academy of management journal   s gould   bl hawkins  1978.0 
artdb-95 workshop report acm sigmod record   m berndtsson   j hansson   
the use of electrical impedance moments for structural health monitoring ac rutherford   g park   h sohn   cr farrar proceedings of the 22 '' d imac   dearborn   mi    
ventricular flutter in a neonate-severe electrolyte imbalance caused by urinary tract infection in kc thies   k boos   k muller-deile   w ohrdorf   t 2000.0  journal of emergency medicine    
improving mailed questionnaire design s sudman   n bradburn 1984.0  new directions for program evaluation    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?catching the boat with strudel : experiences with a web-site management systemã cents â ? ¬ â ? mf fernandez   d florescu   j kang   ay levy   d suciu  proc . of the acm sigmod  
future of mobile and wireless communications m birchler   pp smyth   g martinez   m baker bt technology journal   2003.0    
al-taha   richard t. snodgrass   michael d. soo   bibliography on spatiotemporal databases k khaled acm sigmod record      
respirometric evaluation of process kinetic and stoichiometry for aerobic systems phd thesis e ubay cã?okgoã?r istanbul technical university    
techniques for the interruption of tubal patency for female sterilisation jm nardin   r kulier   m boulvain cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
an advanced on-line wind resource prediction system for the optimal management of wind parks g kariniotakis   d mayer cd-proceedings of the medpower conference   athens   greece      
building applications with microsoft outlook version 2002 r byrne 2001.0    
innovation   regional knowledge spillovers and r & d cooperation m fritsch   g franke    
presented at the nasa sel workshop   dec. 1993   nasa goddard space flight center   greenbelt md   f mcgarry   
the effectiveness of the modular technology lab in the mosinee middle school dw masterson  2001.0 
real-time rendering of plant leaves l wang   w wang   j dorsey   x yang   b guo   hy shum 2005.0  proceedings of acm siggraph 2005    
xml : how it will be applied to digital library systems hh kim  electronic library   2000.0 
'' hostages '' and cooperation in the prisoner 's dilemma cz qin   
regional ground-water quality : van nostrand reinhold new york   wm alley   
ketamine abusers presenting to the emergency department : a case series journal of emergency medicine   al weiner   l vieira   ca mckay jr   mj bayer  2000.0 
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries 2005.0 g gottlob   c koch   r pichler acm transactions on database systems    
biomedical journals and the world wide web d schoonbaert  electronic library   1998.0 
the '' certification '' paradigm h smith   b walvoord 1996.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
public access to computerized record systems me mccombs proc . acm urban symposium      
temporal coalescing with now   incomplete information   and granularity proceedings of ce dyreson   
when code is content : experiments with a whistling machine proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 m bã ¶ hlen   jt rinker   
a history of system r and sql/data system ra yost proc . very large data bases   cannes      
strategic restructuring : a case study . ja hyatt new directions for higher education   1993.0 
ipo underpricing   insider selling and subsequent equity offerings : is underpricing a signal of ja garfinkel    
xwave : optimal and approximate extended wavelets for streaming data s guha   c kim   k shim 2004.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
kluwer academic publishers   1991 i approach    
investigation on emission characteristics of a compression ignition engine with oxygenated fuels and 2000.0 hw wang   zh huang   lb zhou   dm jiang   zl yang proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;    
building distributed control systems using distributed active realtime databases 1998.0 m lundin   
mccracken : software faces seven major issues . r shoor computerworld.   1981.0    
constraintlisp : an object-oriented constraint programming language ' b liu   yw ku 1992.0  acm sigplan notices    
modeling focus of attention for meeting indexing proceedings of acm multimedia   s rainer   y jie   w alex   
shutdown   budget   and funding x qian 1996.0  sigmod record    
radioecological consequences of the radiation accident on the nuclear-powered submarine in bukhta yv sivintsev   vl vysotskii   va danilyan at .    
academic service learning : a counternormative pedagogy new directions for teaching and learning   jpf howard  1998.0 
soil water repellency mg wallis   dj horne 1992.0  advances in soil science-new york -    
cheap bjdd is really acm sigmod record    
logistics excellence in europe at kearney at kerney      
visual basic . net step by step m halvorson  2002.0 
effective hand degerming in the presence of blood . e larson   l bobo journal of emergency medicine   1992.0    
s-plus 2000 : programmerâ ?? s guide i mathsoft & hellip ; analysis products division   mathsoft   seattle   washington    
industrial panel on data warehousing technologies : experiences   challenges   and directions proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;   u dayal  1999.0 
catching the boat with strudel : experiences with a web-site management system   d florescu   j kang sigmod conference     1998.0 
floor control for large mbone seminars proc . acm multimedia   r malpani   l rowe   
ground state properties of the anisotropic triangular antiferromagnet phil . mag.   1974.0 p fazekas   pw anderson   
weathering : its products and deposits 1989.0 ks balasubramaniam   
a gene that encodes a proline-rich nodulin with limited homology to psenod12 is expressed in the m loner   am hirsch submitted for    
data stream management system for mavhome q jiang   s chakravarthy    
scrimshaw : a language for document queries and transformations ds arnon   
virtuosity : programmable resource management for spawning networks at campbell   j vicente   v dam computer    
on the optimality of disk allocation for cartesian product files ( extended abstract ) kas abdel-ghaffar    
general constructions for information-theoretic private information retrieval a beimel   y ishai   e kushilevitz unpublished manuscript available at www . cs . bgu . ac . il /  
the complexity of transformation-based join enumeration a pellenkoft1t2   ca galindo-legaria   m kersten   
integrating spatial and temporal databases s report   
for multimedia pcs a peleg   u weiser comm . acm   1997.0 
what went wrong at oxford health ? computerworld   j champy   
the effects of geology and large organic debris on stream channel morphology and process for streams t tally  1980.0 
interactions between excitation and unmodelled dynamics in adaptive control kj astrom proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference on decision and & hellip ;    
using uml for modeling complex real-time systems b selic 1998.0  lecture notes in computer science    
an equity assessment of the standard incremental method fl smith   ba broberg  proceedings of the 23rd annual  
database of transcription regulatory regions on eukaryotic genomes ov kel   ag romachenko   ae kel   an naumochkin   na proc . of the 28th annual hawaii international conference on & hellip ;    
temporal database system implementations acm sigmod record   mh bohlen   
optical radioâ ?? a review of a radical new technology for wireless access infrastructure pp smyth 2003.0  bt technology journal    
the broadband call control demonstratorâ ?? a platform for itu-t   davic and tina-c implementations pw reece   rm macey   pl clarke bt technology journal   1998.0 
â ?? comments on '' the law of demeter '' and c++ 1988.0 m sakkinen acm sigplan notices    
topology optimization of an overlay atm network in an sdh infrastructure tv do   tt nguyen   ht tran   g kalvach   b varga  computer networks   2000.0 
detection and measurement of natural selection mt clegg see ref    
algorithms for an optimal a * search and linearizing the search in the stack decoder db paul   
fostering motivation in professional development programs new directions for adult and continuing education   rj wlodkowski  2003.0 
second occurrence focus is prosodically marked d beaver   b clark   e flemming   m wolters 2002.0  unpublished manuscript    
mpeg video compression standard 1996.0 jl mitchell   wb pennebaker   ce fogg   dj legall   
can you have it all ? '' : managing the time and budget against quality issue in a dynamic business ksy hung   ajh simons   a rose software quality management-international conference -   1998.0 
frontal lobe functioning in adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder wv reeve   sl schandler 2001.0  adolescence-san diego -    
laser irradiance propagation in turbulent media ieee   proceedings   am prokhorov   fv bunkin   ks gochelashvili   vi  1975.0 
data mining for web intelligence j han    
a test microchip for evaluation of hermetic packaging technology for biomedical prosthetic implants m kazemi   e basham   m sivaprakasam   g wang   d   
a new look at multi-modal modelling proc . 28th european transport conference . london : ptrc   dc simmonds   j bates   ad may   
using the 1930 s ' '' here and now '' curriculum to teach cultural diversity in the ' 90 s. social studies and the young learner   k wellhousen  1994.0 
internet telephony m graf   1999.0 
method procedures for sampling aldehyde and ketone using 2   4-dinitrophenylhydrazineâ ?? a review proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   1999.0 y yacoub   
field-flow fractionation-inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry : a powerful new analytical r beckett at . spectrosc      
canadaâ ?? s atlantic fisheries : new opportunities and problems j coull geography    
combustion academic i glassman san diego   calif    
fine art of negotiating . 1981.0 g karrass computerworld.    
towards capturing representative as-level internet topologies h chang   r govindan   s jamin   sj shenker   w computer networks   2004.0    
fast   randomized join-order selection-why use transformations ? c galindo-legaria   a pellenkoft   ml kersten 1994.0  vldb    
constructingsuperviews amp buneman  & hellip ; conference on management of data   acm   new york    
charakterystyka petrograficzczno-mineralogiczna zuzli metalurgicznych a muszer 1996.0  fizykochemiczne problemy mineralurgii    
multi-view matching for unordered image sets   or '' how do i organize my holiday snaps ? '' f schaffalitzky   a zisserman lecture notes in computer science   2002.0    
quantifying spatial and temporal variations in the distribution of natural marine hydrocarbon seeps dc quigley   1997.0 
'' study '' your way to better teaching . m weimer 1990.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
mining sequential patterns across data streams g chen   x wu   x zhu    
the fifth discipline : the art and practice of the learning organization new york   pm senge   
convergence of gradient dynamics with a variable learning rate m bowling   m veloso   
a multi-purpose implementation of mandatory access control in relational database management systems w rjaibi   p bird proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2004.0 
rangequeriesinolapdata cubes ct hoetal proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
can marriage survive addiction and treatment ? cl hejinian   i pittel national drug abuse conference   seattle   washington   april    
dwarf : shrinking the petacube ysadn roussopoulos   y kotidis   
virtual data technology a gupta   v harinarayan   a rajaraman 1997.0  sigmod record    
leadership is an art reiters.com   
microscopy research and techniques y chen   d pope   
obtaining complete answers form incomplete databases a levy  proc . 22nd vldb  
a new method to test gluten quality w sietz  cereal science and technology . proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;    
ya.   zlokazova   ei   and korenkova   av at . energ   lm sharygin   s tretâ ?? yakov   
information assurance in b2c websites for information goods/services electronic markets   2004.0 dj kim   n sivasailam   hr rao   
speculative multiprocessor cache line actions using instruction and line history dm koppelman    
methods of organic chemistry i guben book i    
randomized join order selection-why use transformations c galindo-legaria   a pellenkoft   m kersten the international conference on very large data bases    
the volumepro real-time ray-casting system h pster   j hardenbergh   j knittel   h lauer   l proceedings of acm siggraph      
random self-reducibility and zero knowledge interactive proofs of possession of information mt tw   h woll proc . 28th ieee symposium on foundations of computer science    
the nurbs book wt les piegl  springer verlag    
a meta-analysis of the predictors of adult offender recidivism : what works ! university of new p gendreau   t little   c goggin unpublished manuscript    
gear rattle modelling and analysis for automotive manual transmissions my wang   r manoj   w zhao  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
alive and well : jini technology today j waldo    
bt cto 2004.0 m carr bt technology journal    
production rules in parallel and distributed database environments 1992.0 s ceri   j widom proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
the first monthly report of rough rock demonstration school month of july 1966 r roessel   1966.0 
scheduling real-time transactions : a performance evaluation rk abbott   h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems     1992.0 
personal information management assistantsâ ?? from research to commercialisation bt technology journal   2003.0 m thint   s case   n azarmi   b azvine   s hare   
scatâ ?? a new statistical timing verifier in a silicon compiler system proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 m glesner   j schuck   rb steck   
complete dense stereovision using level set methods lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 o faugeras   r keriven   
standards in practice a eisenberg   j melton  acm sigmod record   1998.0 
vocal access to a newspaper archive : design issues and preliminary investigations f crestani    
a review of spinal immobilization techniques 1996.0 ra de lorenzo journal of emergency medicine    
the structure and complexity of nash equilibria for a selfish routing game d fotakis   s kontogiannis   e koutsoupias   m lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
communication and control in hybrid systems . tutorial session t simsek   jb sousa   p varaiya procs . of the american control    
parameterized complexity for the skeptic r downey    
buchla lightning midi controller : a powerful new midi controller is nothing to shake a stick at r rich electronic musician   1991.0 
reply to '' errors in ` process synchronization in database systems ' '' . acms anthology  sigmod record   1981.0 
a method for obtaining digital signatures and public-key cryptosystems . lcs tm82 rl rivest   a shamir   l adleman 1977.0    
assessing writing : theory and practice new directions for teaching and learning   1988.0 kl greenberg   
myocardial hypertrophy in chronic renal failure : a multifactorial   reversible alteration 1996.0 g cannella   e paoletti contributions to nephrology    
citation indexing : its theory and application in science   technology   and humanities e garfield    
a transaction logic for database specification x qian   r waldinger proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1988.0    
5.0   statistical graphics   rockville v statgraphics  md    
nist electron elastic-scattering cross-section database   version 3.1   standard reference data a jablonski   f salvat   cj powell  md    
reckoning with the spiritual lives of adult educators new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 lj vogel   
lernen-lehren-unterricht : lernpsychologische und didaktische grundlagen   2002 h schrã ¶ der    
state of the art of low noise amplifiers for semiconductor radiation detectors v radeka proc . int . symp . nuclear  
software reliability modelling : the state of the art information and software technology   1987.0 p mellor   
u.â ?? an overview of data warehousing and olap technologyâ ?? sd chaudhuri technical report msrtr-97-14   microsoft corporation   march  
fast np chunking using memory-based learning techniques j veenstra proceedings of benelearn   1998.0    
ã cents â ? ¬ reducing the bandwidth of sparse symmetric matricesã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents proc . acm nut . e cuthill   j mckee   
microbial oxidation of sulphur in saskatchewan soils jj germida   jr lawrence   v gupta proc int sulphur    
the '' self digest '' : self-knowledge serving self-regulatory functions 1996.0 et higgins journal of personality and social psychology    
access control in a relational data base management system by query modification w weis69 proc . 1974 acm annual 1969.0 
born in 1972   used injection drugs since 1995 k patient at    
injection how-to document 2000.0 o aumont   jc orr   
modelling virtual space in architecture proceedings of acm symposium on virtual reality software and & hellip ;   d kurmann   m engeli   
hydroponic production of vegetables and ornamentals d savvas   h passam 2002.0    
wysiwymâ ?? building user interfaces with natural language feedback r evans   r power    
reflection and refraction of elastic waves with seismological applications cg knott phil . mag      
studies on some factors affecting pig meat quality g malmfors proc . 28th europ . meeting meat res . workers      
biological control of bruchids in stored cowpea in west africa . integrated protection of stored c stolk   c alder   m schoeller proceedings of the meeting at zurich   switzerland      
0 . e.   1965 aoe animalu phil . mag    
equation-basedbehavioral model generation for nonlinear circuits proc . ieee/acm dac   c borchers   l hedrich   e barke   
elementy informatyki mm syslo t1  
quontvm communication ik wi msc thesis   computer science department   the hebrew university      
state alzheimerâ ?? s association conference j cummings santa barbara   california : november    
extending logic programming d vermeir   e laenens   d sacca proceedings of the sigmod  
esmolol : a unique drug with ed applications ma frakes journal of emergency nursing     2001.0 
information retrieval from an incomplete data cube proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 c dyreson   
enforced cytokinesis without complete nuclear division in embryonic cells depleting the activity of n akimitsu   n adachi   h hirai   ms hossain   h genes to cells   2003.0    
special issue on real-time database systems a bestavros  sigmod record    
us-mexico economic integration : labor relations and the organization of work in california and baja c zabin  economic geography   1997.0 
the history of machine translation in a nutshell j hutchins   
& & kramer   s. . spirit : sequential pattern mining with regular expression constraints proc . 17 thinternational joint conference on artificial l de raedt   
cross-registration and joint academic programs new directions for higher education   jt strandness  1999.0 
the expression of cd15 in dissociated cultured rat dorsal root ganglion cells the histochemical journal   1992.0 e marani   m deenen   ja maassen   
spinal epidural hematoma progressing to brown-sequard syndrome : report of a case journal of emergency medicine   jb hancock   e malcom field   r gadam  1997.0 
syntactical categories of a natural language as facts of a cyclic phase space technical report   universita di roma tre   vm abrusci   
tutorial : state of the art in workflow management system research and products . a tutorial at the c mohan   1996.0 
low income parents and the parentsâ ?? fair share demonstration : an early qualitative look at low - e johnson   f doolittle  new york : manpower demonstration research corporation   june    
lecture notes on the status of ieee standard 754 for binary floating-point arithmetic . may 1996 w kahan unpublished manuscript available at http://http . cs .    
getessconstructing a linguistic search index for an internet search engine a dã 1/4 sterhã ¶ ft   g neumann   m becker   j   
controller iee proceedings-part d   p vega   c prada   v aleixandre   
quasineutral limit of the drift diffusion models for semiconductors : the case of general sign - submitted for publication   s wang  2004.0 
on optimal cooperation of knowledge sources-an empirical investigation m benda   v jagannathan   r dodhiawala boeing computing services   seattle   washington      
self-similarity in world wide web m crovella   a bestravos evidence and possible causes . ieee/acm trans . on networking    
electronic markets : the roadmap for university libraries and their members to survive in the m christoffel   s pulkowski   b schmitt   p lockemann sigmod record special    
good   a graph-oriented database system m gemis   j paredaens   i thyssens   jv bussche  proceedings of sigmod   sigmod  
document allocation in multiprocessor information retrieval systems ht siegelmann   o frieder 1994.0  lecture notes in computer science    
first and second generation greeks in chicago ga kouvetaris   1971.0 
directional gossip : gossip in a wide area network mj lin   k marzullo  lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
mitogen-activated protein kinase p38 defines the common senescence-signalling pathway genes to cells   2003.0 h iwasa   j han   f ishikawa   
the quantum vacuum pw milony  academic   san diego    
taurine as a neuromodulator fed proc   k kuriyama  1980.0 
simple learning algorithms for training support vector machines c campbell   n cristianini unpublished manuscript     1999.0 
the arpa network design decisions jmmqdc walden computer    
potential for wheat production inalaska . in : fj wooding  proc . 28th alaska science conf    
the experience and meta-experience of mood jd mayer   yn gaschke journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
more visas ? a good move for is computerworld   h miller   
prosocial development in early adulthood : a longitudinal study journal of personality and social psychology   n eisenberg   ik guthrie   a cumberland   bc murphy    2002.0 
muromskii   et al.   â ?? decontamination of the coolant in the holding ponds of nuclear plants by lm sharygin   ve moiseev   a yu  at .  
1940   ( posted at www . rootsweb . com/kyletche )   '' 1931.0 lc births   
'' according to abramowitz and stegun '' or arccoth need n't be uncouth rm corless    
theory and performance of narrow correlator spacing in a gps receiverâ ''   proceedings of ion national san diego   january   aj van dierendonck   p fenton   t ford   
turmoil at nasa   and numerous funding announcements x qian sigmod record     1995.0 
performance tests of erne hed sensor [ abstract only ] e valtonen   j peltonen   t eronen   jj torsti   m  in oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of & hellip ;   1991.0 
patterns   mechanisms and consequences of recruitment in a temperate marine '' sh mh carr   1991.0 
a back-extraction procedure for the dithiocarbamate solvent extraction method . rapid determination analytical and bioanalytical chemistry   s sachsenberg   t klenke   we krumbein   e zeeck  1992.0 
strategische erfolgspotentiale durch corporate identityâ ?? aufbau und nutzung   1995 t glã ¶ ckler   
jl ( 1995 ) the first foul flush in sewer systems proc . int . conf . sacg bertrand-krajewski   
aspects of the stability and resilience of savanna ecosystems ecology of tropical savannas   1982.0 bh walker   i noy-meir   
râ $ uhl   t.   and bal   he 1998b . user-level network interface protocols raf bhoedjang ieee    
near-drowning-associated aeromonas pneumonia pt ender   mj dolan   d dolan   jc farmer   gp melcher journal of emergency medicine     1996.0 
supporting temporal text-containment queries in temporal document databases k nã ¸ rvag    
is uml heading for fragmentation ? in the '' aught-world '' of standards ( 2000 and beyond   that is )   application development trends   r adhikari  2003.0 
accuracy and bias in the perception of the partner in a close relationship da kenny   lk acitelli journal of personality and social psychology     2001.0 
savings   wealth   and income : then and now ft juster   j lupton   jp smith   f stafford 1999.0    
on the materialization of webviews a labrinidis   n roussopoulos   
rejoinder to '' comments on one-warehouse multiple retailer systems with vehicle routing costs '' s anily   a federgruen  management science   1991.0 
protecting public-access sites against ddos attacks technical report   stanford university   may 2004 . available at k argyraki   dr cheriton   
the architecture of an active database management system u dayal   d mccarthy acm sigmod conf      
examining committee members c ã?zgen   2005.0 
will social security and medicare remain viable as the us population is aging ? h bohn    
the south korean image of the world and the world image of korea tf saarinen   hh kim   cl maccabe  geography    
statistical analysis of ethernet lan trac at the source level   '' w. willinger   et al proceedings of acm sigcomm   sst high-variability   
lyapunov-constrained action sets for reinforcement learning tj perkins   ag barto   
'' modeling-by-patterns '' of web applications f garzotto   p paolini   d bolchini   s valenti  lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
a tale of two roads social studies and the young learner   1998.0 c hinshaw   
reliability aspects of aigaas/gaas hemts c canaliâ ? ¦ proc . 29th annual/fee intâ ?? l reliability physics symp      
a new control structure for transformation-based generators 2000.0 tj biggerstaff lecture notes in computer science    
effects of a water soluble plasma protein product on weanling pig performance and health with and bs borg   jm campbell   h koehnk   le russell   du proceedings of allen d. leman swine conference     1999.0 
the dynamics of dynamic river channels s lane geography     1995.0 
cleâ $ ment   n.   and coujou   a.   2002 phil . f pettinari-sturmel   m jouiad   hok kirchner   
outline of a real-time data-flow language   in 1985 real-time symposium jl bergerand   p caspi   n halbwachs   d pilaud   e   1985.0 
declarative specification of web applications exploiting web services and workflows proc . sigmod   m brambilla   s ceri   s comai   m dario   p  2004.0 
advances in space research j yokogawa   m sakano   k koyama   s yamauchi  1998.0 
multivariate statistical methods in behavioral research d bock   
advances in real-time database systems research sigmod record   1996 1996.0  sigmod record    
the importance of natural enemies in integrated control ps messenger   e biliotti   r van den bosch  see ref    
c   bernstem   pa   and goodman   n '' a sophlstlcate 's introductlon to database normahzatlon theory   '' bbg been  proc vldb    
ad @ ( dvâµâµ '' j '' rlp @ 6 @ 4 < t < 46zh fjzd4 > 0hâµ '' 20jf < . /   880 < 46z   âµ b   4d \ \ '' [ programs of psychosocial c hatzichristou athens   greece    
what causes public assistance caseloads to grow ? the journal of human resources   rm blank  2001.0 
locking granularity revisited dr ries   mr stonebraker acm transactions on database systems   1979.0 
hyperinflation and convertibility-based stabilization in argentina aj canavese contributions to economic analysis   1993.0    
career choice factors of high school students m borchert  2002.0 
an implementation and performance analysis of spatial data access proc . acm sigmod   d greene   
principles of design automatioon system for very large scale computer design 1986.0 y ohno   m miyoshi   n yamada   t odaka   t kozawa   k proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;    
a study to determine the material to be included in a reference book for welders and fabricators j will  2003.0 
advances in converse and control lyapuno functions cm kellet 2002.0    
conference tutorial notes : data mining techniques j han proceedings of acm sigmod international    
is heads home for the workday m goldberg    
movaid : a mobile robotic system for residential care to disabled and elderly people p dario   e guglielmelli   c laschi   g teti proceedings of the first mobinet symposium   athens   greece   & hellip ;      
lab instructor arthroscopic surgery of the shoulder c faculty  san diego    
sdl-based specification and testing strategy for communication network protocols o monkevich  proc . 9 thsdl forum   montreal   canada   june    
vibrations of a columnar vortex k lord  phil . mag    
emission spectroscopy of nonequilibrium radiation from behind shock waves at super-orbital reentry k fujita   s sato   h ebinuma   h otsu   t abe  proc . 21st int . symp . rarefied gas dynamics    
transformative learning in adult second language learning e foster new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
a study of the flight safety under imc 1999.0 y kumamoto   h fujimoto   t amano   k kobayashi european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.    
a internet based service for patient compliance to disease treatment xh wang   rsh istepanian  proceedings of the 25 thannual international conference of  
the dynamics of government regulation and e-commerce development : a comparison of malaysia and n kshetri proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of pacific & hellip ;    
commercial sources for hart crane 's '' the river '' 1965.0 j baker wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
a case of sphenoid ridge meningioma presenting as subarachnoid hemorrhage n nakao   k kubo   h moriwaki 1991.0  no to shinkei    
systemic intervention : philosophy   methodology   and practice g midgley    
steps to a smoother lager . computerworld.   j fiderio  1988.0 
minimum-phase nonlinear discrete-time systems s monaco   d normand-cyrot  proc . 28th conference on decision and control   los angeles   & hellip ;    
the telegarden k goldberg   
the darkest journey : celine 's '' death on the installment plan '' wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 j fraser   
on the complexity of ! - automaton s safra proc . 29th ann . ieee symp . on foundations of computer  
java object serialization specification revision 0.9 s microsystems found  
â ?? update semantics for incomplete databasesâ ?? s ablteboul   g grahne proc 1985 vldb  
the colonial situation : a theoretical approach see ref   g balandier   
heterogeneous constraint solving f benhamou 1996.0  lecture notes in computer science    
query optimization in the presence of limited access patterns d florescu   a levy sigmod conference     1999.0 
a credit-based flow control algorithm for broadband access networks s song 2000.0  computer networks    
some surface subgroups survive surgery   to appear d cooper   d long university of california   santa    
dan suciu stream processing xpath quedes with predicates 2003.0 ak gupta   
actual versus assumed differences in construal : '' naive realism '' in intergroup perception and rj robinson   d keltner   a ward   l ross journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
presence and task performance : a registry centered approach . technical sketch k mania   a chalmers   t trosianko   r hawkes  proceedings of acm siggraph conference    
what drives quality at intel ? electronic hg willett   
effects of sequential context on judgments and decisions in prisonerâ ?? s dilemma game i vlaev   n chater    
metkit academic package m russell   m bush  information and software technology   1993.0 
distributed power balancing with limited control data flow kh lam   ws wong submitted for    
moving formal methods into practice : the vfsm experience ar flora-holmquist   mg staskauskas  submitted for  
paralleslism : the new imperative in computer architecture . tutorial notes international conference of very large databases   vldb   j gray   
kerola ( 1998 ) '' towards deeper co-understanding of software quality information and software i tervonen   
cultivation of seaweeds for hydrocolloids   waste treatment and biomass for energy conversion proc . int . seaweed symp   jh ryther   ja deboer   be lapointe   
in stereochemical applications of gas-phase electron diffraction ls bartell  hargittai    
introns and gene evolution sj de souza   m long   w gilbert 1996.0  genes to cells    
functional implementations of continuous modeled animation ( expanded version ) c elliott   
natural born targets : male hustlers and aids prevention in urban brazil p larvie see aggleton    
microsoft access fã 1/4 r windows 1994.0 j viescas   
new strategies to promote stable employment and career progression : an introduction to the d bloom   j anderson   m wavelet   kn gardiner   me 2002.0    
state of the art of commercial technology and research in workflow management a sheth    
articulating the experience of transparency : an example of field research techniques ka holtzblatt   s jones   m good 1988.0  acm sigchi bulletin    
housing the worker : the employment linkage as a force in urban structure je vance jr economic geography   1966.0    
re   mm abdel-mottaleb   pcm grim   fc de schryver   c. meiners   m. sieffert   s. valiyaveettil   k. s de feyter   a gesquiere  acc . chem . res    
improved fast correlation attacks on stream ciphers via convolutional codes t johansson   f joensson lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ç ?? ç ?? ç ?? è § # å ?? æ?ºç ?? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # washington : tiger drs   seattle      
amdâ ?? s 486 clone ready   but will it sell ? computerworld   r pastore   
the lie algebraic interpretation of the complete integrability of the rosochatius system in aip conference procs   t ratiu   
s-plus 2000 release 1 . ms inc & hellip ; data analysis products division : seattle   washington    
improving the effectiveness of strategic decision making using an integrated decision support system h bidgoli   m attaran 1988.0  information and software technology    
advances in telephony-based speech recognition m pawlewski bt technology journal   1996.0 
s.   and nachmens   s. '' cs4 -- a tool for database design by infological simulation   '' b berild acm trans database syst . ( to be  
new lower bound techniques for robot motion ljlanning problems j canny   jh reif proc . 29th ieee annual syrup . foundations of computer & hellip ;    
mentoring in the technical disciplines : fostering a broader view of education   career   and culture rm marra   rn pangborn new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
performanceâ ?? a retrospective view nw macfadyen 2002.0  bt technology journal    
tutorial : partitioning of vlsi circuits and systems proc . acm/ieee design automation conference   fr johannes   
radio propagation for digital cordless telephones at 1700 mhz and 900 mhz fc owen   cd pudney  electronic letters   1989.0 
book embeddings of graphs and a theorem of whitney pc kainen   s overbay   
hierarchical organization of personality and prediction of behavior 1998.0 sv paunonen journal of personality and social psychology    
fortifying the '' fortress '' : immigration and politics in the european union rk jain  international studies-bombay then new delhi -   1997.0 
logic-based web information extraction sigmod record   g gottlob   c koch  2004.0 
assessment in the geography curriculum r daugherty geography      
xml stream processing using tree-edit distance embeddings acm transactions on database systems   2005.0 m garofalakis   a kumar   
engineering information systems ( panel session ) : builders and designers perspective n roussopoulos 1986.0  proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
source acm sigmod record archive acm sigmod record   2001.0 a eisenberg   
quantum theory of the solid state   part b j callaway academic   san diego    
table of series   integrals and products academic   san diego   is gradshteyn   im ryzhik   
channel state dependent scheduling policies for an ofdm physical layer using a binary state model j gross   f fitzek    
. s.   and tanca   l. 1992a . automatic generation of production rules for integrity maintenance tech   rep. 92-054   pohtecmco dl milano   dlpartlmento di s ceri   
remarks in response to : '' issues in distributed data base management systems : a technical overview ''   j rothnie  conf . on vldb proceedings supplement : panelists &#39; statements   & hellip ;    
afterword : reflections on the college presidency . d reisman new directions for higher education     1996.0 
on max-min fairness and scheduling in wireless ad-hoc networks : analytical framework and xl huang   b bensaou  proceedings 2001.0 
preparing students for assessment in the on-line class ml ford  new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
getting started with the darpa timit cd-rom : an acoustic phonetic continuous speech database . md   j garofolo   
and pi aleshchenkov na dollezhalâ ? ¦ at . energ    
a study of career development programs in wisconsin municipal police agencies gl everts   2001.0 
qos-aware bandwidth provisiong for ip network links h van den berg   m mandjes   r van de meent   a pras   submitted for publication   february      
aspects of the natural history of melanostima pammelas ( pisces : zoarcidae ) htm lancraft   1982.0 
health administration . 2002 o safety    
what after java ? from objects to actors www7 / computer networks   1998.0 ca varela   g agha   
the forum project : network conferencing and its future applications computer networks   j vallee   
theory of classification : a survey of recent advances s boucheron   o bousquet   g lugosi    
introduction to the physical principles of differential geometry 1999.0 ld raigorodski   pc stavrinos   v balan   
p57 ^ k ^ i ^ p ^ 2 expression in normal islet cells and in hyperinsulinism of infancy sa kassem   i ariel   ps thornton   k hussain   v diabetes-new york -   2001.0    
and a. wolf . report from the nsf workshop on workflow and process automation in information systems technical report   university of georgia   1996 . available via url a sheth   d georgakopoulos   s joosten   
transabdominal pre-peritoneal ( tapp ) vs totally extraperitoneal ( tep ) laparoscopic techniques for 2005.0 b wake   k mccormack   c fraser   l vale   j perez   a cochrane database syst rev    
groupweb : a www browser as real time groupware s greenberg   m roseman    
a normal form for xml documents   acm tans m arenas   l libkin  database syst    
fast timing simulation for submicron hot-carrier degradation w sun   e rosenbaum   sm kang  time  
on the speedup required for combined input and output queued switching   computer systems lab b prabhakar   n mckeown  technical report csl-tr-97-738   stanford university    
staffing policy as a strategic response : a typology of career systems the academy of management review   1988.0 ja sonnenfeld   ma peiperl   
issues in the transmission of monetary policy sn brissimis   ns magginas   gt simigiannis   gs greeceâ ?? s economic performance and prospects ''   athens . say & hellip ;      
object model in java : elements and application 1999.0 k saleh information & software technology    
on rules   procedures   caching and views m stonebrakerâ ? ¦  proc . 1991 acm-sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
epilogue : a cautionary note about on-line assessment new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 rt bothel   
fb : an efficient scheduling policy for edge routers to speedup the internet access i rai   g urvoy-keller   e biersack unpublished  
bgp-ct : a first step towards fast internet fail-over m musuvathi   s venkatachary   r wattenhofer   c 2000.0    
kings in the back row : meaning through structure . a reading of salinger 's '' the catcher in the rye '' wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1961.0 cf strauch   
an overview of data warehousing and olap technologies s chaudhuri   u dayal acm sigmod record      
indexing multimedia databases proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0 c faloutsos   
sparking potentials at ultra-high frequencies j thomson phil . mag    
how important are '' entry effects '' in financial incentive programs for welfare recipients ? : de card   pk robins    
localization at epimorphisms and quasi-injectives j lambek  to  
darwin and cross-cultural studies of facial expression p ekman  see ref    
how to teach pivotal behaviors to children with autism : a training manual rl koegel   a good   l cerniglia   c murphy   lk   
patterns for application firewalls procs . of plop n delessy-gassant   eb fernandez   s rajput   mm   
us firms look north for outsourcing help j viyayan  computerworld    
anad rajaraman . implementing data cubes efficiently v harinarayan    
granularity hierarchies in concurrency control 1983.0 mj carey proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;    
connections between lighting impressions and presence in real and virtual environments proceedings acm afrigraph   k mania   
engineering practice and codevelopment of product prototypes wl anderson   wt crocca    
graph algorithms for geometric constraint solving a lomonosov   m sitharam 2004.0    
damage tolerance in helicopter airframes - is crack growth practical ? european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 ml overd   
what makes a good co-evolutionary learning environment & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems   1997.0 ad blair   jb pollack   
dealing with temporal schema anomalies in history databases ng martin   sb navathe   r ahmed 1987.0  vldb    
front-runner '' oa system aids white house staff . m betts computerworld.     1984.0 
a diffusion problem in which the amount of diffusing substance is finite ah wilson phil . mag    
aspects of the ecological impact of chondrus crispus ( florideophyceae ) harvesting in eastern canada jd pringle proc . int . seaweed symp      
persoonsgebonden budget verpleging & verzorging : arbeidsmarktpositie van zorgverleners   februari f baarveld   t miltenburg   c ramakers   
marttin ( 2001 ) floods   fish and fishermen . eight yearsâ ?? experience with floodplain fisheries in gj de graaf   af born   amk uddin   
dislocation multiplication mechanism operating close to a surface o lohne   o rustad  phil mag   1972.0 
interpretation of leaching data for cementitious waste forms using analytical solutions based on rd spence   hw godbee   ok tallent   ew mcdaniel   cw international waste management conference   1991.0 
decision making in dose-response trials with adaptive two-stage designs t friede   m kieser   1999.0 
a case for dynamic view management y kotidis   n roussopoulos 2001.0  acm transactions on database systems    
thirteenth annual report of the state fish commissioner to the governor of the state of washington seattle   washington   tr kershaw   
an algorithm for distributed mutual exclusion p chaudhuri 1995.0  information and software technology    
evidence supporting a university experience courseâ ?? s efficacy at a metropolitan university   and t micceri   e wajeeh 1999.0    
shock metamorphism of natural materials   644 pp.   mono book corp.   baltimore bm french   nm short  md    
bestimmung von rauheiten at book   rcm schrã ¶ der   
outcome bias in decision evaluation journal of personality and social psychology   j baron   jc hershey  1988.0 
first version of a data flow procedure language . tech . memo tm-61 j dennis   1975.0 
analysis of video conferencing on a token ring local area network proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   1993.0 sm crimmins   
posting august 7   1999   on harlan county queries   ( posted at www . rootsweb . com )   '' b johnson   
the los angeles jobs-first gain evaluation : final report on a work first program in a major urban s freedmanâ ? ¦    
chapter 1-encouraging the growth of e-commerce i revenue  1998.0 
optimising selection of units from speech databases for concatenative synthesis aw black   n campbell    
adventure education : impact on team building   trust   and cooperation dl guite   2002.0 
the analytical work of the office of technology assessment 1992.0 ea hildes new directions for program evaluation    
'' ca n't we settle this ? '' student conflicts in higher education and options for resolution j gibson new directions for higher education   1995.0 
psychoneuroinmunology ( r ader san diego : academic    
emotional labor in service roles : the influence of identity 1993.0 be ashforth   rh humphrey the academy of management review    
an analysis of the chemical batch production problem and a detailed methodology for scheduling r matthew lispe technical report   department of chemical engineering    
computer-aided analytical processing of photograph and stereopair measurements ( analiticheskaia dp korablev geodeziia i kartografiia     1990.0 
distributed constraint satisfaction submitted for a arora   mg gouda   g varghese   
high-dimensional olap : a minimal cubing approach x li   j han   h gonzalez   
comparison of four methods of on-line identification and controller tuning o taiwo & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1993.0 
contracts   components   and their runtime verification on the m barnett   w schulte technical report msr-tr-2002-38   microsoft research   april 2002 .  
images of man : '' le malentendu '' and '' en attendant godot '' wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   nc chase  1966.0 
purdy 's '' malcolm '' : a unique vision of radical emptiness tm lorch wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
newlearning modes in the production of presenceâ ?? distance techniques for education h sponberg   c knudsen   l handberg d-2001 proceedings   dã 1/4 sseldorf    
an empirically-grounded framework for the information systems development process b fitzgerald    
c 0 mmun ic ations h pdcat acc . chem . res   1990.0 
the rat nervous system ou scremin   g paxinos academic   san diego    
notes on distributed databases-chapter i tech . rep. rj2571   ibm almaden research lab   b lindsayâ ? ¦   
web modeling language ( webml ) : a modeling language for designing web sites s ceri   p fraternali   a bongio www9 / computer networks   2000.0 
foundations of differential geometry ( interscience   new york ) vol i   s kobayashi   k nomizu   
women 's career development at the glass ceiling 1998.0 pl inman new directions for adult and continuing education    
october 2   2002   water manager   kettle falls water department   kettle falls   washington   telephone ecology and environment   inc.   seattle   j gassaway   
a social learning approach to mental retardation see ellis   rl cromwell   
analysis of stone columnâ ?? soil matrix interaction under vertical load rr goughnour   aa bayuk  proc . int . conf . soil  
tutorial review of synthetic-aperture radar/sar / with applications to imaging of the ocean surface k tomiyasu ieee   proceedings   1978.0    
athresholdof ln n for approximatingsetcover   '' u feige proc . 28th acm symp . on theory of computing   philadelphia   & hellip ;      
making collaborative watershed management work : the confluence of state and regional initiatives environmental management   2001.0 s michaels   
temporal logic 1971.0 n rescher   a urquhart   
tutorial notes : multimedia conferencing on the internet v jacobson  proceedings of acm sigcomm    
reducing accident rates with organizational behavior modification the academy of management journal   1982.0 rs haynes   rc pine   hg fitch   
ariadne : a java-based guided tour system for the world wide web 1998.0 j juehne   at jensen   k groenbaek www7 / computer networks    
workshop report : the first international workshop on active and real-time database systems m berndtsson   j hansson  sigmod record    
indonesiaâ ?? s experience of sequencing financial liberalization js djwondono  unpublished manuscript    
the receptive distributed-calculus r amadio   g boudol   c lhoussaine proceedings    
the case against budget surpluses : why government debt is good and moderate budget deficits are t palley  & hellip ; economics association meetings   montreal   canada   ( june )    
andm . l. kersten . fast   randomized join-order selection why use transformations proc . of the int &#39; l. conf . on very large data ca galindo-legaria   a pellenkoft   
a case of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias probably due to psychotropic drugs n kondou   y hiasa   k kishi   h fujinaga   y ohishi   kokyu to junkan   1993.0 
robust nonlinear parameter estimation in the bounded noise case e walter   h piet-lahanier proc . 25th conf . decision contr.   athens   greece    
implementing data cubes e-ciently v harinarayan   a rajaraman   jd ullman  proceedings of the fifteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;    
extraordinary people . va green  social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
machine-checking the java specification : proving type-safety d von oheimb   t nipkow lecture notes in computer science     1999.0 
î ³ - spectrometric determination of the content of naturally occurring radionuclides in natural waters a mukhamedov   gv poteshkin   us salikhbaevâ ? ¦ at .    
the role of natural language in a multimodal interface . uistâ ?? 92   143-149 1992.0 pr cohen   
ucrl-8714 ( 1959 ) a ghiorso at . energ      
role expectation process in building a desirable work culture bp bauer  2001.0 
the economics of advice 2000.0 t de garidel-thoron   m ottaviani unpublished manuscript    
degradable airline scheduling 2003.0 l kang   j clarke   
a unified constraint model for xml . 2002.0 w fan   gm kuper   j simeon computer networks    
effects on solute transport and plant constituents fm ashton   de bayer see ref      
a genetic algorithm for the multiobjective solid transportation problem : a fuzzy approach & hellip ; technology and automation   procs . for the dedicated & hellip ;   jm cadenas   f jimenez   
molecular dynamics studies of liquid-solid interfaces ( abstract only ) ja nieminen   m karttunen   k kaski  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
spirit : sequential pattern mining with regular expression constraints   the vldb conference 1999.0 mn garofalakis   r rastogi   k shim   
oil in a nutshell lecture notes in computer science   d fensel   i horrocks   f van harmelen   s decker   m  2000.0 
very recently   an important book has discussed '' adversarial legalism   '' something similar to my idea det alexis   ina democracy   1956.0 
the importance of collaborative know-how : an empirical test of the learning organization the academy of management journal   1997.0 bl simonin   
professional development for web-based teaching : overcoming innocence and resistance gm gallant 2000.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
the postsynaptic spectrin/4 .1 membrane protein '' accumulation machine '' aj baines   l keating   gw phillips   c scott   
natural frequencies of stators of small electric machines aj ellison   sj yang proc . iee    
gauge theories as a problem of constructive quantum field theory and statistical mechanics e seiler  1982.0 
d. schneider   '' a performance analysis of the gamma database machine   '' d dewitt   s ghandeharizadeh proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;      
cilindrical patch antenna for wireless communication z sipus   n herscovici  at ap    
leakage management techniques   technology and training j report   
recombinational analysis of the rr duplication in maize 1971.0 hk dooner   
dynamics of early detection d lin   r morris  proceedings of acm  
role of natural killer cell alloreactivity in hla-mismatched hematopoietic stem cell transplantation blood-new york -   l ruggeri   m capanni   m casucci   i volpi   a tosti    1999.0 
a view of coroutines d grune    
the modelexplainer demonstration presented at the eighth international workshop & hellip ;   b lavoie   o rambow   e reiter   
the natural radioactivity of lutetium d dixon   a mcnair   sc curran  phil . mag    
product development : an infrastructure for engagement g jonathan   p john   pd personas   2002.0 
the natural history of larval mosquito habitats : academic press san diego   ca   m laird   
sql multimedia and application packages ( sql/mm ) j melton 2001.0  sigmod record    
designing secure web-based applications for microsoft windows 2000 m howard   m levy   r waymire 2000.0    
standards of practice rm dawes scientific standards of psychological practice : issues and & hellip ;    
extending the uml for modelling variability for system families s robak   b franczyk   k politowicz    
liberal learning in engineering education : the wpi experience . knowing and doing : learning through wr grogan   fc lutz   le schachterle new directions for teaching and learning      
07632   usa   1995 nj cliffs   
tutorial : what is a data base ? ( abstracts taken from an original paper presented during the sigbdp   h tellier acm sigmod record   1973.0 
factor viii concentrates is purer better ` xx international congress of the world federation of book of abstracts   athens   greece   lm aledort   
if nothing on e-mail is private   just say so e dyson computerworld      
assembly planning in a virtual environment rg dewarâ ? ¦    
on the propagation of laminar motion through a turbulently moving inviscid liquid w thomson phil . mag      
catc hingthe boat with strudel : experiences with aw eb-sitemanagement system m fernandez   d florescu   j kang   a levy proceedings of  
in re . the personal restraint of andre bringham young and vance cunningham   brief of amicus curiae d summers  seattle   washington state psychiatric association    
lattice machine : version space in hyper relations h wang   i duntsch   g gediga   a skowron    
electronic market : the roadmap for university libraries and members to survive in the information 1998.0 m christoffel   s pulkowski   b schmitt   pc acm sigmod record    
a practical scheme for non-interactiveveriable secret sharing p feldman proc . 28th ieee symp . on foundations of comp .  
patents in e-commerce s alexander  computerworld    
a '' key '' to lawrence durrell aw friedman  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
ecological study of sylvilagus brasiliensis meridensis in an andean venezuelan paramo . p : 182-203 p durant  procs . world lagom . conf . university of guelph   ontario   & hellip ;    
deeper in debt : the impact of the 1992 reauthorization of the higher education act on within-year j cofer   p somers & hellip ; for institutional research forum   seattle   washington      
percutaneous transluminal angioplasty and stenting for carotid artery stenosis cochrane database syst rev   f crawley   mm brown  2000.0 
a transportable natural language database update system s salveter proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0 
maier . rapidbushyjoin-orderoptimizationwithcartesian products b vanceandd inproceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
evaluation of workflow-type software products : a case study information & software technology   m perez   t rojas  2000.0 
cerebrospinal fluid da jerrard   jr hanna   gl schindelheim journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
designer drugs '' - a current perspective . da jerrard journal of emergency medicine   1990.0    
'' economic comparisons of data communication services computer hc ratz   ja field   
processing star queries on hierarchically-clustered fact tables vldb   n karayannidis   a tsois   tk sellis   r pieringer   v  2002.0 
disrupting the '' quotidian '' : reconceptualizing the relationship between breakdown and the the da snow   dm cress   l downey   aw jones mobilization-san diego -   1998.0    
secure xml publishing without information leakage in the presence of data inference proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   x yang   c li   
scacchi . softman : anenvironmentforforwardandreverse case information and software technology   sc choiandw   
the architecture of a uml virtual machine d riehle   s fraleigh   d bucka-lassen   n omorogbe    
no. 102-294   102d cong.   2d s rep sess . at      
the politics of workplace literacy : a case study sg gowen 1992.0    
ubinet : the ubiquitous internet will be wireless t lewis    
using financial incentives to manage the solid waste stream cj spindler new directions for program evaluation   1991.0 
semantic database models and their poetential for capturing imprecision e rundensteiner   l bic conf . on management of data      
anger and aggression : an essay on emotion jr averill   1982.0 
what is beautiful is good journal of personality and social psychology   k dion   e berscheid   e walster  1972.0 
trust in close relationships journal of personality and social psychology   jk rempel   jg holmes   mp zanna   
differential cryptanalysis of the data encryption standard e biham   a shamir 1994.0    
sex differences in emotion : expression   experience   and physiology journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 am kring   ah gordon   
wireless lans pc magazine   fj derfler jr   l freed   
'' a wonderfully terrible place to be '' : learning in practitioner inquiry communities . new directions for adult and continuing education   sl lytle  1996.0 
efficient mining of association rules in large dynamic databases e omiecinski   a savasere    
cooperation and conflicts resolution in multiagent systems p marcenac   s leman   s giroux proc . 34th acm southeast  
layered timing diagrams { visual constraint programming for system level design r schlor   j helbig submitted to publication      
standards in practice . acms anthology sigmod record   1998.0 
oeuvres   vol e laguerre i   '' paris      
modeling epidemic in space and time jf wang annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;      
two techniques for on-line index modification in shared nothing parallel databases 1996.0 kj achyutuni   e omiecinski   sb navathe sigmod conference    
laser cutting of ceramic composite layers a lightman   g han solid freeform fabrication proceedings      
effect of anti-cd4   anti-nc   and anti-nk monoclonal antibody on the survival of cardiac xenografts transplantation proceedings   l yang   pl mottram   wr han   yc smart  1995.0 
natural language processing in a japanese text-to-speech system for written-style texts k matsuoka   e takeishi   h asano   
general education : the insiders ' view . new directions for higher education   1992.0 sb twombly   
on defining proofs of knowledge   advances in cryptologyâ ?? proceedings cryptoâ ?? 92 m bellare   o goldreich  lecture notes in computer  
numerical modelling of the water dynamics and passive pollutant transport in the neva inlet o andrejev   a sokolov  meteorologia i hydrologia    
the problem of coulombic forces in computer simulations   the problem of long-range forces in the jp valleau  ed . d. ceperley   nrcc workshop proceedings    
making learning communities work : issues of implementation and sustainability f gabelnick   j macgregor   r matthews   bl smith  new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
the presence and absence of giardia lamblia in studies on parasite prevalence in the usa gr healy see ref    
roussopoulos . update propagation strategies forimproving thequalityofdataonthe web a labrinidis andn  the 27th international conference on very large data bases ( & hellip ;    
server selection on the world wide web n craswell   p bailey   d hawking   
the design and implementation of the nctuns 1 . 0 network simulator sy wang   cl chou   ch huang   cc hwang   zm yang   cc computer networks   2003.0    
supporting userde ned activity spaces w wang   j haake proc . of acm    
openness to a broader view of scholarship l richlin new directions for teaching and learning     1993.0 
report from the nsf workshop on workflow and process automation in information systems   deptartment 1996.0 a sheth   d georgakopoulos   s joosten   m   
parameterized complexity for the database theorist m grohe 2002.0  sigmod record    
mpeg-4 based real-time shadows proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   h drumm  2004.0 
dynamics of vortices in high-temperature superconductors ( abstract only ) nb kopnin 1991.0  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
multiprocessor implementations of message passing systems rh halstead cambridge laboratory for computer science at mit      
mobile assistant programming for efficient information access on the www . 1996.0 s perret   a duda www5 / computer networks    
uptake of arsenate   trimethylarsine oxide   and arsenobetaine by the shrimp crangon crangon marine biology   1998.0 da hunter   w goessler   ka francesconi   
ecological aspects of combustion p horbaj    
toward a contingency view of infrastructure and knowledge : an exploratory study cu ciborra   o hanseth   
directions of development of the cadastral system in poland a hopfer   w wilkowski second international conference on land management      
paper presented at usâ ?? japan workshop on power reactor studies san diego   a hatayamaâ ? ¦   
efficientalgorithmsfor processing xpath queries g gottlob   c koch   r pichler proc . of    
similarity judgements and the causes of relational responding d hackett   2000.0 
an efficient algorithm for mining association in large databases a savasere   e omiecinski   s navathe   
probleme der leistungsmessung   fernstudieneinheit 10   langenscheidt   mã 1/4 nchen   1996 s bolton   
coding techniques for digital data networks j massey proc .  
few is projects come in on time   on budget computerworld   r cafasso   
microwave dielectric properties of bao-tio2-wo3 ceramics sintering with glasses [ a ] . 1995 ieee mtt-s t takada   sf wang   sj jangâ ? ¦ seattle   washington    
optimal computation of total projections with unions of chase join expressions proceedings of acm sigmod conference   epf chan   
replicated document management in a group communication system   s beckhardt   t halvorsen   i greif   
time complexity of practical parallel steiner point insertion algorithms 2004.0 da spielman   sh teng   a ungor proceedings of acm-spaa    
peer-to-peer technology business and service models : risks and opportunities saiho kwok electronic markets   2002.0 
theoretical foundations of association rules proceedings of the 3â ?? m ogihara   
hierarchical memory with block transfer aa acs   ak chandra   m snir proc . 28th ieee syrup . on foundations of computer science      
a distributed real-time architecture skg harts ieee computer    
richard . ifo : a formal semantic database model acm transactions on database systems   s abiteboul   r hull   
learn java now d stephen   1998.0 
trialgebras and families of polytopes   may 2002   preprint : arxiv : math jl loday   m ronco   
terrestrial vertebrates as indicators of mesozoic climates proceedings of the north american paleontological convention & hellip ;   jh ostrom   
erq : controlled inference and instruction techniques for dbms query languages proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 j longstaff   
theory and application of wave propagation and scattering in random media ieee   proceedings   a ishimaru  1977.0 
sql : 2003 has been published a eisenberg   j melton   k kulkarni acm sigmod record     2004.0 
temporal connectives versus explicit timestamps in temporal query languages ( preliminary report ) s abiteboul   l herr   j van den bussche  & hellip ; workshop of temporal databases   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;    
incomplete information costs and database design h mendelson   an saharia acm transactions on database systems   1986.0    
modelling the hysteretic characteristics of a magnetorheological fluid damper er wangâ ? ¦ 2003.0  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;    
consulting about teaching : an overview c knapper   s piccinin new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
multilingual newspaper clippings image database ( poster ) 1997.0 ssy tsang proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;    
mã © thodes et outils pour la gestion des connaissancesâ ''   dunod   paris   2000 r dieng   o corby   a giboin   j golebiowska   n matta    
expression of the vax family homeobox genes suggests multiple roles in eye development k ohsaki   t morimitsu   y ishida   r kominami   n 1999.0  genes to cells    
the sun drops its torchâ ?? 1994 ja gillerman   r terry proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0    
lattice-based access control models rs sandhu   
a. ( 2000 ) mediacups : experience with design and use of computer-augmented everyday objects mg beigl   s hw computer    
high-resolution wake modelling in helicopter flight mechanics re brown   ss houston european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
jini : promising technology   but will it catch on ? c sliwa   
the h ^ + - pumping v-atpase of higher plants : a versatile '' ecoenzyme '' in response to environmental u luttge   e fischer-schliebs   r ratajczak  cellular and molecular biology letters   2001.0 
implementing data cubes efficiently . a flfll version of lhis paper . at http://db v harinarayan   a rajaraman   jd ullman stanford . edu/pllb/harinarayan / 1995/cub e.    
landfill liner case studies   presentation at '' sanitary landfill design '' course d daniel  university of wisconsin    
improving customer experience using web services t stevens   a may bt technology journal   2004.0    
dependency satisfaction in databases with incomplete information g grahne vldb     1984.0 
biotransformations k faber   2000.0 
cleveland public library   ( http://www . cpl. org / )   '' n file   
chemistry of ice surfaces . elementary reaction steps on ice studied by reactive ion scattering . h kang acc . chem . res   2005.0    
principles of lake sedimentology l hã ¥ kanson   m jansson   1983.0 
the death of programming languages   the birth of intentional programming c simonyi technical report   microsoft   inc.   sept. 1995 . available from    
retention and measurement of iodine-129 and of organoiodine in the off-gas streams of the karlsruhe san diego   fj herrmann   v motoi   b herrmann   a van schoor   d   
speculative locking protocols to improve performance for distributed database systems pk reddy   m kitsuregawa 2004.0  knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on    
optimal one-sample testing procedures based on hyperplanes h oja   d paindaveine 2003.0    
how to facilitate information navigation without disrupting perception cs campbell   pp maglio manuscript submitted for publication . ibm almaden research & hellip ;      
automatic intelligent data analysis in sensor networks for ispace 2004.0 dd nauck   b majeed bt technology journal    
practical python . apress   2002 ml hetland   
document reuse and document systems dm levy    
adjustment costs from environmental change induced by incomplete information and learning dl kelly   cd kolstad   gt mitchell   
â ?? special tutorial : vector supercomputers ieee computer   dj theis   
absorption : nature   assessment   and correlates sm roche   km mcconkey journal of personality and social psychology    
c. sunshine   and d. cohen   '' the arpa internet protocol   '' j postel  computer  
hydroinformaticsâ ?? 94 a verwey   aw minns   v babovic   c maksimovic isbn    
joins : evaluation and reduction to sql proceedings of the vldb 2001 international workshop on mo akinde   mh bã ¶ hlen   md generalized   
linear cryptanalysis method for des cipher . advances in cryptologyâ ?? eurocryptâ ?? 93 m matsui lecture notes in computer science    
dynamics of neuronal populations : the stability of equilibria l sirovich   b knight   a omurtag  2000.0 
building systems using analysis patterns eb fernandez    
and 4   ( cd-rom   c2001 by intellectual reserve   inc. )   '' us census   l county   d kentucky    
virtual classrooms and communities l neal  proceedings of the international acm siggroup conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
a tutorial on asn . 1 p gaudette computer  
a search engine for natural language applications mj cafarella   o etzioni    
the company earned no securities lending income during the year ended 31 december 2002 sl income as at    
use of herbicides on the swedish state railways l torstensson   o lindholm proc . 29th swedish weed conference â ?? weeds and weed control & hellip ;    
what wants to learn what ? evaluation with a changing clientele . jr warren 1973.0  new directions for higher education    
a wireless atm local area network using infrared links jh condonâ ? ¦ proc . acm mobicomâ ?? 95    
the u-line balancing problem j miltenburg   j wijngaard  management science   1994.0 
negocios on-line : pasos y claves para triunfarâ '' de riveral  pc magazine en espaã ± ol    
honoring first ladies . pull-out feature i. at harthern social studies and the young learner   1996.0    
a uniform deductive approach for parameterized protocol safety proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 jf couchot   a giorgetti   n kosmatov   
a spirited epistemology : honoring the adult learner as subject new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 j vella   
a study of d sup 0-d sup 0 mixing te browder 1988.0    
proximal decision analysis ra howard management science   1971.0    
catching the wave in einstein equations j goldman   t roy   j masso   e seidel   s splashes vroom demonstration at  
mr. bloom and mr. joyce : a note on '' heroism '' in '' ulysses '' re kuehn wisconsin studies in contemporary literature     1963.0 
clutter reduction and target detection in ground penetrating radar data using wavelets d carevic proc . spie   1999.0    
k. wilkinson   '' overview of the jasmin database machine   '' dh fishman   my lai proceedings of the 1984 sigmod conference   boston   ma   june    
the organization of semantic memory jr shelton   a caramazza see rapp      
rectilinear motion of fluid between two parallel plates phil . mag   l kelvin   
engineering information systems : builders and designers perspective n roussopoulos   
regulatory aspects of phenylpropanoid biosynthesis in cell cultures k hahlbrock  see ref    
fault detection for sequential machines by transition tours s naito   m tsunoyama  proc . ftcs    
an architecture for distributed data mining r subramonian   s parthasarathy to    
cerebrospinal fluid fistula : the identification and management in pediatric temporal bone fractures . w mcguirt   s stool journal of emergency medicine     1996.0 
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries   28th intl g gottlob   c koch   r pichler  conf . very large data bases ( vldb )    
on optimal graphs embedded into path and rings   with analysis using l1-spheres y dinitz   m feighelstein   s zaks  proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ;   1997.0 
dataspace : protocols and services for distributed data mining and remote data analysis e creel   r grossman   g reinhart conference : knowledge discovery and data mining august      
effects of fatty infiltration of the graft on the outcome of living-related liver transplantation 1999.0 m hayashi   k fujii   t kiuchi   k uryuhara   m transplantation proceedings    
phase transition and finite-size scaling for the optimum partitioning problem c borgs   j chayes   b pittel  technical report   microsoft research   http://www . research .  
synchronization of the neural response to noisy periodic input   1999 an burkitt   gm clark   
evaluation of automatic generation of prosody with a superposition model y morlec   v aubergã ©   g bailly   
selling in the era of the '' net ''   integration of electronic commerce in small firms wj kettinger   g hackbarth   
be careful what you wish for : the paradoxical effects of bifurcating claims for punitive damages s landsman   s diamond   l dimitropoulos   mj saks  wisconsin law review   1998.0 
issues for the generation of document deixis i paraboni    
scholarly work and professional practice re rice   l richlin new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
capillary plugging by granulocytes and the no-reflow phenomenon in the microcirculation gw schmid-schonbein fed proc     1987.0 
the mendola report : a new look at gay couples m mendola   1980.0 
the politics of fieldwork in brittany antbiropology at   m mcdonald   
correlationa dn interpolation networks for real-time expression analysis/synthesis t darrell   i essa   a pentland  perceptual computing technical report 284   massachusetts  
negotiating power dynamics in workshops j johnson-bailey   rm cervero 1997.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
new strain measurement technology for material damage assessment proc . ld thompson   bd westermo   
web spam detection based on mass estimation z gyongyi   p berkhin   h garcia-molina   j pedersen technical report   stanford university   2005 . http://infolab .    
precipitation in splat-cooled al-3 at . per cent fe alloy a fontaine   a guinier 1975.0  phil . mag.    
k. and larsson   p. petterson   y. wang   and c. weise . new generation of uppaal procs . of the intl workshop on software tools for technology & hellip ;   j bengtsson   f larsen   
federal tax restructuring and state and local governments : an introduction to the issues and the m mazerov   dr bucks san diego law review     1996.0 
academic chivalry and professional responsibility . new directions for higher education   1981.0 jm farago   
teach kids economics and they will learn jd laney   mc schug  social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
x-ray diffraction procedures for polycrystalline and amorphous materials hp klug   le alexander   1974.0 
design by morphogenesis 2000.0 c hoile   r tateson bt technology journal    
'' the lord of the rings '' : the novel as traditional romance wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 gh thomson   
on the evolutionof videotext description scheme and its validation experiments for mpeg-7 proceedings of acm multimedia conference   c dorai   rm bolle   
thinking objectively : putting oo distributed programming to work p felber   r guerraoui   me fayad  communications-acm   1999.0 
memory sharing predictor : the key to a speculative dsm ac lai   b falsafi proc . of the 26th intâ ?? l symposium on computer architecture & hellip ;    
symbolic racism versus racial threats to the good life dr kinder   do sears journal of personality and social psychology     1981.0 
text book of medicinal jurisprudence and toxicology bombay   india : pripati pvt. ltd   j modi   
a statistical-mechanical approach to data assimilation for nonlinear dynamics . iii . analysis gl eyink   jm restrepo   fj alexander   2002.0 
towards automating of document structure transformations proc . acm symposium on document engineering   m penttonen   e kuikka   p leinonen   
solder joint failure analysis using fem techniques of a silicon based system-in-package m goetz    
games with incomplete information played by '' bayesian '' players   i-iii . part ii . bayesian equilibrium jc harsanyi management science   1968.0 
a ten-year study of test scores for college-bound students in the state of washington rj noeth 1979.0    
data warehousing and olap for decision support proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   s chaudhuri   u dayal  1997.0 
tai chi for treating rheumatoid arthritis a han   v robinson   m judd   w taixiang   g wells   p  cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
'' our best classes are life classes '' : the real world and the college classroom . new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 pg beidlerâ ? ¦   
'' dirty little cases '' : academic freedom   governance   and professionalism . s slaughter new directions for higher education     1994.0 
a dynamic workflow management system used in design g fakas   b karakostas  information & software technology    
aspects of the migrational phenomena in greece : the case of the prefecture of attica k mavreas  the public opinion in greece   researches-surveys   athens : & hellip ;    
one-to-one web site generation for data-intensive applications fp cs  proceedings of the 25th international conference on very  
adding contracts to java with handshake a duncan   u hã ¶ lzle    
automatic generation of procedure rules for integrity maintenance s ceri   p fraternali   s paraboschi   l tanca  acm transactions on database systems ( tods )    
reasoning about functional dependencies generalized for semantic data models   acm tans database syst   g weddell   
analysis of the spatial dynamics of fission product emission from vvã?r fuel elements in transient vm romanov   dv pankratov   lm luzanova   pd at . energ      
wireless everything-unwiring the world r mannings   g cosier bt technology journal   2001.0 
issues for on-line analytical mining of data warehouses j han   s chee   jy chiang   
antibodies to htlv-iii in german blood donors j schneider   h bayer   u bienzle   p wernet   g lancet i   1985.0    
the trouble with wireless c metz pc magazine   2004.0 
compressing historical information in sensor networks a deligiannakis   y kotidis   n roussopoulos  proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
evolutionary methods in the design of quaternary digital circuits w wang   
theoryandapplicationsoftrapdoorfunctions ac yao  proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on foundations of & hellip ;    
numerical robust parameter estimation for the batch markovian arrival process using randomization c lindemann   m lohmann submitted for  
throughfall and aquatic biogeochemistry in the anavilhanas archipelago   negro river   brazil s filoso   1996.0 
an intuitive view to normalize network structured data s navathe  & hellip ; conf . on very large data bases   montreal ( vldbâ ?? 80 )    
pspace ( n ) is closed under complement   '' s toda  submitted for publication    
geographic access to job opportunities and labor-force participation among women and african tj cooke urban geography   1997.0 
evaluation in federal government : changes   trends and opportunities cg wye   rc sonnichen new directions for program evaluation     1992.0 
a performance analysis of view materialization strategy e hanson  proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data    
on mesoscale modeling of the dynamics and thermodynamics of sea ice l qian-ming  technical university of denmark    
an analytical model of igbts with low emitter efficiency r kraus   k hoffmann   
kadmos and the possibility of a semitic presence in helladic greece 1976.0 jc billigmeier   
ochratoxin a production by aspergillus ochraceus e mã 1/4 hlencoert   d der naturwissenschaften   
deriving traffic demands for operational ip networks : methododoly and experience a feldman   a greenberg   c lund   n reingold   j proceedings of acm sigcom    
uruâ ?? on-line identity verification cj gahan bt technology journal   2004.0    
the cartesian product algorithm lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 o agesen   
mining geostatistics : academic ag journel   cj huijbregts san diego   ca    
molecular dynamics using the tight-binding approximation : application to liquid silicon ( abstract r virkkunen   k laasonen   rm nieminen  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
ribeiro-dos-santos r m henriques   mm monteiro   c vanni   c pirmez   m    
the workshop through new eyes new directions for adult and continuing education   ja fleming  1997.0 
two patterns for web services security eb fernandez   
spirit : sequential pattern mining with regular expression constraints proceedings of 25th international conference on very large & hellip ;   g minos   r rajeev   s kyuseok   
shue-oriented interconnection networks al rosenberg technical report coins 88-84   university of massachusetts at  
virtual environment for on-campus orientation r larmore   m knaus   s dascalu    
the new papyrus : the current and future state of the art 1986.0 s lambert   s ropiequet   
incompleteinformation and dependencies in relational databases   '' tiw lipski  proc . acm sigmod int . conf . management of data   san jose   ca & hellip ;    
maria cancian   eds . 2002 dr meyer  w-2 child support demonstration evaluation   report on  
anecientalgorithmforminingassociationrules in large databases a savasere   e omiecinski   sb navathe  proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;    
whitesides.   gm ( 1995 ) a kumar   n abbott   e kim   h biebuyck  acc . chem .  
sl   '' toward a universal relation interface   '' pros o osborn 1979.0    
a 60 element fiber bragg grating sensor system proc . ma davis   dg bellemore   ma putnam   ad kersey   
gratings in theory and practice ha rowland  phil . mag    
naturalist 's color guide : american museum of natural history new york   fb smithe   
software product assurance at the jet propulsion laboratory information and software technology   re fairley   m bush  1990.0 
dynamic constraint satisfaction for feature interaction 1998.0 cd elfe   ec freuder   d lesaint bt technology journal    
an organizational perspective for the effective practice of assessment gr sell new directions for higher education   1989.0    
plasticity for structural engineers wf chen   dj han 1988.0    
structured multimedia document classification l denoyer   jn vittaut   s brunessaux   s brunessaux   
trust : the panacea of virtual management ds staples   p ratnasingham   
co-authors   1994   '' kc partington  a demonstration system for monitoring sea ice from spaceâ ?? & hellip ;    
cio survival : study gives new view ae alter computerworld      
baranovâ ? ¥   vollkopf uj anal s tanner  at . spectrom    
project provides elderly with links to internet m blodgett computerworld    
p. veijalainen   j. and volfson   o. reports : on building an infrastructure for mobile and wireless b konig-ries   k makki   s makki   c perkins   n  acm sigmod record    
klantenwensen in de zorg . [ customersâ ?? wishes in care ] utrecht : nivel   2002 w brouwer   c leemrijse   hj sixma   rd friele    
investigations into the application of the relational model to data translation sb navathe   ag merten proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1975.0 
group learning in workshops am will new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0    
logic-based modeling of dynamic object systems j meseguer   x qian proc . of the 1993 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of & hellip ;      
mafiaâ ?? an active mail-filter-agent for an intelligent document processing support e lutz   hv kleist-retzow   k hoernig  acm sigois bulletin   1990.0 
the regulation of glucose-excited neurons in the hypothalamic arcuate nucleus by glucose and feeding r wang   x liu   st hentges   aa dunn-meynell   be diabetes-new york -   2004.0    
learning patterns in noisy data : the aq approach rs michalski   ka kaufman   
development and applications of computer-assisted acoustic holography ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1980.0 cf schueler   
investigation of the operational characteristics of the core and parameters of the irradiated fuel vm gryazev   va afanasâ ?? ev   gi gadzhievâ ? ¦ & hellip ;   construction   and operating experience of demonstration    
a query language for a web-site a levy   d suciu sigmod record   1997.0    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?dynamat : a dynamic view management system for data warehousesã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc . of the acm sigmod y kotidis   n roussopoulos   
in situ studies of spore production and dispersal in the giant kelp ek anderson   wj north macrocystis . proc . int . seaweed . symp    
learning by experimentation incremental refinement of incomplete planning y gil procs . 11th int . machine learning conference    
simulating an instructible interface : the tuny experience d maulsby   1993.0 
efficient algorithm for evaluating multiple xpath expressions m yuriyama   h nakamura vldb    
comments on '' social structures and mental disorders : competing hypotheses of explanation '' by hw em gruenberg  see ref    
book groups : communities of learners new directions for adult and continuing education   s kerka  1996.0 
enzymic potential for fructose 6-phosphate phosphorylation by guard cells and by palisade cells in drc hite   mj bodson   wh outlaw the histochemical journal   1992.0 
seamless integration of time into sql submitted to acm transactions on database systems   december   mh bohlen   cs jensen  1996.0 
casus-an object-oriented three-dimensional animation system for event-oriented simulators   to be v luckas   t broll n. magnenat-thalmann   d. thalmann : proceedings of computer    
hardware/software co-design proceedings-ieee   g de micheli   rk gupta  1997.0 
h. and ps yu . clustering by pattern similarity in large data sets proc . the acm sigmod international conference on management h wang   
unit tests mit java   2002   dpunkt . verlag j link    
efficient low-degree interconnection networks for parallel processing : topologies   algorithms   vlsi ch yeh   
summary of the symposium '' smoking in focus '' on april 29/30th   1976 zurich/switzerland . zurich : gottlieb duttweiler-institute   p isenring   
specific sexual fantasy themes : a multidimensional study journal of personality and social psychology   wb arndt   jc foehl   fe good   
a guide through the vatican caves : a study of the structure of '' les caves du vatican '' wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 ma geracht   
lightning induced voltages on distribution lines close to buildings a piantini   jm janiszewski proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference on  
escrow   '' hostages   '' and cooperation cz qin   
hmm speech recognition using polyphone clustering decision trees   '' j fritsch   m finke   a waibel   cdh hme procs icassp    
magnetic bubble technology ah eschenfelder  1980.0 
3-d crustal structure in southwestern china ww chan   cy wang   wd mooney    
dynamat : a dynamic view management system for data warehouse proceedings of the acm sigmod   y kotodis   n roussopoulos   
interpolation and decimation of digital signals - a tutorial review re crochiere   lr rabiner ieee   proceedings     1981.0 
velocity relation : satisfaction as a function of the first derivative of outcome over time journal of personality and social psychology   ck hsee   rp abelson   
introduction to constraint databases 2002.0 b kuijpers acm sigmod record    
twine   f. hall   and p. sellers . cd-rom . nasa   2000 . unclassifiedâ ?? unlimited subject category : 43 t strub    
adaptive webview materialization a labrinidis   n roussopoulos   
incomplete information in relational databases t imieliã?nski   w lipski  j. acm    
youssefi ( 1976 )   '' decomposition-a strategy for query processing ''   acm e wong   
second thoughts on the teaching of contemporary literatures h gregory wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1964.0    
itu-t standardization activities for interactive multimedia communications on packet-based networks : j toga   j ott  1999.0 
statistical year book ds yearbook athens   greece : hellenic republic   national statistical & hellip ;      
voice garden b reiser   h reiser   b fleming proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;     1994.0 
physical and computational aspects of convective heat transfer t cebeci   p bradshaw 1984.0    
performance requirements for the transport of mpeg video streams over atm networks   '' in 1995 ieee t han   l orozco-barbosa  seattle    
the economics of certificate programs jh robinson new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0    
view integration and cooperation in databases   data warehouses and web information systems h ma   kd schewe   b thalheim   j zhao    
towards a self-adapting centralized concurrency control algorithm   '' acm sigmod int h boral   i gold  conf . on management of data   boston   ma   may    
an adaptive congestion control scheme for real-time packet video transport   '' proc . acm sigcom   k hemant   p mishra   a reibman   
foundations of differential geometry . vol . i.   j s kobayashi   k nomizu new york      
perspectives for electronic books in the world wide web age f bry electronic library   2002.0    
'' lysbet and the fire kittens '' : a historical inquiry . social studies and the young learner   1999.0 bml bisland   
implementation of the wireless atm access terminal j ala-laurila   j lemilainen 1999.0  computer networks    
the influence of multimedia on learning : a cognitive study a large   j beheshti   a breuleux   a renaud  proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
mining the world wide web : an information search approach by george chang   marcus j. healey ( editor ) a ouksel  acm sigmod record   2002.0 
kung . information exchange in wireless networks with network coding and physical-layer broadcast technical report msrtr-2004-78   microsoft technical report   aug. . c wu   
extending logic programming e laenens   
on the construction of a general numerical tyre shear force model from limited data rs sharp   m bettella   
sql : 1999   formerly known as sql3 j melton   a eisenberg sigmod record    
clarisworks has a document approach 1993.0 g keizer pc magazine    
building partnerships with governments : the experience of the lyndon b. johnson school of public m sherman   mp duncan new directions for higher education     2000.0 
line-of-sight wave propagation through the turbulent atmosphere jw strohbehn  proc . ieee    
a fast   efficeint   accurate way to represent the human face . state of the art in facial animation proceedings of acm siggraph   tutorials   boston   j kleiser   
the materials science of thin films academic m ohring san diego   calif    
environmental life cycle assessment of products   no r heijungs    
a gyro-twt with a space-charged limited gun e ferguson   rs symons    
response of citrus to npk fertilization in a network of field trials in sao paulo state   brazil proc . int . soc . citriculture   h cantarella   ja quaggio   oc bataglia   b raij   
ng-backmarking-an algorithm for constraint satisfaction t richards   y jiang   b richards bt technology journal     1995.0 
mechanique celeste ps de laplace  supplement to book    
electronic market : the roadmap for university libraries and members to survive in the information sigmod record ( acm special interest group on management of & hellip ;   1998.0 m christoel   s pulkowski   b schmitt   pc lockemann   
is and line managers need to close the gap j champy  computerworld    
non-linear flight mechanics of a helicopter analysis by application of a continuation method k sibilski european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0    
on the limited memory bfgs method for large scale optimization dc liu   j nocedal mathematical programming   1989.0    
the objectory software development process i jacobson   g booch   j rumbaugh    
first looks : information   please . pc c stinson   
aggregate-query processing in data warehousing environments a gupta   v harinarayan   d quass  vldb   1995.0 
tutorial : state of the art in workflow management research and products a tutorial presented at acm sigmod international conference c mohan   
software product assurance : measurement and control . dn card information and software technology   1988.0    
radon and its dacay products in indoor air . ww nazaroff   av nero   
a maximum-entropy-inspired parser e charniak  proceedings of naacl   2000.0 
chromosome banding in amphibia xvii m schmid   c steinlein   w feichtinger  first demonstration of multiple sex chromosomes in & hellip ;    
transactive memory in close relationships 1991.0 dm wegner   r erber   p raymond journal of personality and social psychology    
partialscan ip opselectionforsimulation-basedsequential atpg 's   '' proc . int . test conf   f corno   p prinetto   m rebaudengo   m sonzareorda   
on the second law of thermodynamics phil . mag   wjm rankine   
query optimization in database systems m jarke   j koch   
fire : a rangeland tool in southern africa proceedings of the first international rangelan d congress   wsw trollope   
welcoming commuter students into living-learning programs ra stevensâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education     2000.0 
travelers is stays home s cusack  computerworld    
'' a wise but lonely wanderer '' : how professors avoid getting bored -- and boring . pg beidlerâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning     1986.0 
theoretical electron scattering amplitudes and spin polarizations : at m fink   ac yates at . data    
facial-feature image coding using principal components   '' jw welsh   d shah electronic letters     1992.0 
28   d-2050 hamburg 80   federal republic of germany & hellip ; department   university of washington   seattle   hd strasse   
andj . gosling . the real-time specification for java ieee g bollella   
technology adoption in the presence of knowledge barriers : the case of the world wide web s vasudevan   ym wang   
smallpox ar rao bombay   india : kothari book depot    
efficient dense-stereo and novel-view synthesis for gaze manipulation in one-to-one teleconferencing a criminisi   j shotton   a blake   c rother   phs    
realising run-time adaptable workflow by means of reflection in the baan workflow engine td meijler   h kessels   c vuijst   r le comte   
mentoring undergraduates with professional and liberal arts goals : the mass communication experience j cohen 2001.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
the bmap/g/1 queue : a tutorial dm lucantoni 1993.0  lecture notes in computer science    
definitive xml schema p walmsley  2001.0 
exemplary world wide web resources . pull-out feature 3 . rg helms social studies and the young learner     1997.0 
simple models of network access   with applications to the design of joint rate and admission control computer networks   2003.0 m mandjes   d mitra   w scheinhardt   
cooperation model for multi-agent system r marcjan   e nawarecki  systems science-wroclaw -   1996.0 
access path selectionin a relationaldatabasemanagement system pg selingerandâ ? ¦ proc . acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data   & hellip ;      
capturing reality i s rusinkiewicz proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 
understanding nonlinear dynamics d kaplan   l glass 1995.0    
juvenility and plant propagation comb proc . int . plant . prop . soc   jr clark   
complete geometrical query languages m gyssens   j van den bussche   d van gucht    
the hlpac project combmmg active databases and tlmmg constramts u dayalâ ? ¦  acm sigmod  
capturing and querying multiple aspects of semistructured data ce dyreson   mh bohlen   cs jensen  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 
dvm : an object-oriented framework for building large distributed ada systems cj thompson   v celier   
antiplatelet therapy for preventing stroke in patients with nonrheumatic atrial fibrillation and a pj koudstaal   2000.0 
unicode   wide characters   and c c petzold pc magazine    
procedural and distributive justice : what is fair depends more on what comes first than on what journal of personality and social psychology   k van den bos   r vermunt   ham wilke   
statistical theory of communication yw lee    
state of the art in workflow management system research and products c mohan & hellip ; : nato advanced study institute ( asi ) on workflow management  
the effects of congestion on driversâ ?? behaviourâ ?? c christie proceedings of the 23rd ptrc european transport forum   & hellip ;    
a preprandial rise in plasma ghrelin levels suggests a role in meal initiation in humans de cummings   jq purnell   rs frayo   k schmidova   be diabetes-new york -   2001.0    
post-pass compaction techniques communications-acm   b de bus   d chanet   l van put   b de sutter  2003.0 
gevirtz homework project process evaluation report 2001.0 jh brown   ua herrity   
accreditation issues related to adult degree programs eg simpson jr  new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
towards fluency-structured dialogues with natural speech input dj attwater   js fisher   hr greenhow bt technology journal     1999.0 
ieee appl . supercond m tsindlekht   m colosovsky   d davidov 1996.0    
negative and positive semantic priming with lexical decision task : a time-course function j lupiaã ± ez   p tudela iv european congress of psychology   athens   greece   july & hellip ;    
your eyes come first j seymour pc magazine    
evidence evaluation in complex decision making n pennington   r hastie journal of personality and social psychology    
the architecture of an active database system dr mccarthy   u dayal  proc . 1989 acm-sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
are bureaucrats and scientists members of advocacy coalitions ? evidence from an intergovernmental p sabatier   m zafonte unpublished manuscript    
survival analysis : techniques for censored and truncated data 1997.0 jp klein   ml moeschberger   
catching sites . internet search engines   '' pc magazine pc magazine ''   vi    
s. mullender ed.   \ \ a case study : automatic reconfiguration in autonet   '' distributed systems tl rodeheer   md schroeder 1993.0    
vibration suppression in helicopters with the acsr approach using an improved control algorithm european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   r cribbs   pp friedmann  1999.0 
thin-layer disposal : a modification of conventional overboard disposal of dredged material rd nester water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;     1988.0 
first core poloidal flow velocity measurements in jet f sattin   y andrew   c giroud   n hawkes   m valisa     
interventions for preventing injuries in problem drinkers 2000.0 t dinh-zarr   c diguiseppi   e heitman   i roberts cochrane database syst rev    
parents ` attitudes and expectations regarding science education : comparisons among american   chinese - adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 h chen   
update propagation strategies for improving the quality of data on the web submitted for publication   2001.0 aln roussopoulos   
judging student multimedia electronic learning   c brunner   
iterative procedures for reduction of blocking effects in transform image coding re rosenholtz   a zakhor  proceedings of  
an efficient algorithm for mining association rules in large databases a savasere   e omiecinski   s navathe 1995.0    
consistency of transactions and random batch 1986.0 r bayer acm transactions on database systems    
on cdte cell operation   â ?? ao pudov   m gloeckler   sh demtsu   jr sites   kl proc . of 29th ieee pvsc   may . 20-24   2002   new orleans    
e-commerce : cyber-and physical environments electronic markets   h bouwman  1999.0 
the problem of remedy in monopolization cases : the 2001.0 ws comanor   
delayed cardiac tamponade after pacemaker insertion t gershon   j kuruppu   j olshakerâ ? ¦ 2000.0  journal of emergency medicine    
a ptime-complete problem for slp-compressed words n markey   p schnoebelen submitted for publication    
radiolysis of ammonia in the first-loop coolant in reactor systems in floating power-generating at . av bulanov   bi kolesov   ml lukashenkoâ ? ¦   
achieving excellence : how will we know ? . 1989.0 cf conrad   dj eagan new directions for higher education    
a workflow management system based on intelligent collaborative objects 1999.0 g fakas   b karakostas information and software technology    
campylobacter jejuni contains two fur homologs : characterisation of iron-responsive regulation of ahm van vliet   mla baillon   cw penn   jm ketley submitted for  
catching up or falling behind ? economic performance and regional trajectories in the '' new europe '' economic geography   m dunford   a smith   
genetic diversity units and major ancestral lineages for sockeye salmon in washington 1996.0 jb shaklee   j ames   l lavoy   
decentralized algorithmsfor flowcontrol innetworks proc . 25th conf . decision and control   athens   d cansever   
mr and meduri   v. ( 1996 ) . performance modeling using pdl r vemuri ieee    
the role of professional development in preparing academic leaders sc raines   ms alberg new directions for higher education   2003.0 
deriving production rules for constraint maintenance tech s ceri   j wmom  rep rj7348   ibm almaden research center   san jose   cahf    
radioactivity in building materials ã?norm s 5200 : a standard in austria to limit to limit natural f steger radon in the living environment   athens   greece      
experiences with known abo-mismatched renal transplants ad bannett   rf mcalack   r raja   a baquero   m transplant proc   1987.0    
users manual for the alewife 1000 controller â ??   alewife systems memo # 19 j kubiatowicz  1991.0 
quality assuranceâ ?? quality control project plan & hellip ; stormwater porous concrete demonstration siteâ ?? a retrofit   r traver   a welker   
dr mc carthy the architecture of an active database management system in proc sigmod conference   portland   may   u dayal   
optimal bounds for the predecessor problem p beame    
beyondscholarship reconsidered : toward an enlarged vision of the scholarly work of faculty members 2002.0 re rice new directions for teaching and learning    
geostatistics for natural resources evaluation : oxford university press new york   p goovaerts   
concurrency control protocols for real-time databases 1995.0 s braoudakis   
sheep adrenal inhibin as mcneilly   an brooks   g baxter   r webb see ref    
evaluating the effects of natural language generation techniques on reader satisfaction c callaway   j lester    
ingestion of antacid tablets ( rennie ) and acute confusion d vanpee   e delgrange   jb gillet   j donckier journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
environment models and information assimilation r jam ibm almaden research lab . tech . report      
declarative specification of data-intensive web sites m fernandez   
deriving production rules for constraint maintenance j widom   s ceri proc . 16th conf . on vldb      
cleaning and querying noisy sensors e elnahrawy   b nath proceedings of acm wsnaâ ?? 03   2003.0    
godesberg 1994-ergã $ nzt 1996 bnbb seiten    
parallel similarity search and alignment with the dynamic programming method ar galper   dl brutlag    
the unique influence of lower hunter coal measures on reactive soil phenomena in the newcastle area . proc.   28th symp . on advances in the study of the sydney & hellip ;   sg fityus   md delaney   
xcpath   the first order complete xpath dialect m marx 2004.0  proc . of the 23rd acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ;    
heroism as a nursing virtue v lanara   1996.0 
surgical management of pelvic organ prolapse in women c maher   k baessler   cma glazener   e adams   s cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
dispositional emotionality and regulation : their role in predicting quality of social functioning n eisenberg   ra fabes   ik guthrie   m reiser journal of personality and social psychology   2000.0 
gielen   â ?? simulation-based automatic generation of signomial and posynomial performance models for w daems proc . acm/ieee iccad      
clearing a path through the management fashion jungle : some preliminary trailblazing pp carson   pa lanier   kd carson   bn guidry   
capturing the '' economic imagination '' : a treasury of children 's books to meet content standards social studies and the young learner   a kehler  1998.0 
daylight techniques in buildings : reference handbook 1997.0 aa argiriou   dn asimakopoulos   ca balaras   
learn microsoft visual j + + 6.0 now microsoft k ingalls   d jinguji   
a draft integration of information models d oliver procs . of tutorial and workshop on engineering of computer - & hellip ;    
learning argument/adjunct distinction for basque i aldezabal   m aranzabe   k gojenola   k sarasola   a    
sql and management of external data sigmod record   gc introduction  2001.0 
'' did they actually really believe this ? '' authentic medical documents as a window on the past . social studies and the young learner   j riley  1999.0 
institutional theory and institutional change : introduction to the special research forum mt dacin   j goodstein   wr scott academy of management journal   2002.0    
oedipus and existentialism : '' les gommes '' of robbe-grillet b morrissette wisconsin studies in contemporary literature     1960.0 
et . all.   â ?? a guided tour of multimedia systems and application : query by content for large on-line r barber ieee computer    
using binary decision diagrams for representation and analysis of communication protocols r sisto  computer networks   2000.0 
teaching analytical reasoning through thinking aloud pair problem solving new directions for teaching and learning   j lochhead   a whimbey  1987.0 
eastern kentucky roots   ( posted at www . gencircles . com )   '' 1937.0 sf bradley   
release of mitochondrial enzymes by freezing and thawing of meat : structural and analytical aspects proc of the 28th eur meet meat res w orkers   r hamm   p gottesmann   
culture in anarchy : classical education as a counter-revolutionary force in nineteenth-century sa spencer 1992.0    
responses of neurons in primary and inferior temporal visual cortices to natural scenes r baddeley   lf abbott   mca booth   f sengpiel   t 1997.0  proceedings : biological sciences    
copyright : opportunities and restrictions for the teleinstructor new directions for teaching and learning   jh bruwelheide  1997.0 
query optimization algorithm for semistructured data d florescu   a levy   d suciu  submitted for publication    
a guide to directx ( microsoft 's multimedia api ) n randall  pc  
kinetics and mechanism of formation of forsterite ( mg 2 sio 4 ) by solid state reaction of mgo and gw brindley   r hayami  phil . mag    
a cost-benefit decision model : analysis   comparison amd selection of data management syw su   j dujmovic   ds batory   sb navathe   r acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1987.0 
statistical database design 1981.0 fy chin   g ozsoyoglu acm transactions on database systems    
strategic r & d program selection and resource allocation with a decision support system application 1994.0 df kocaoglu   mg iyigun international engineering management conference    
prefixspan : mining sequential patterns by prefix-projected growth proc . 17th ieee international conference on data engineering & hellip ;   j pel   j han   b mortazavi-asl   h pinto   q chen   u   
on programmable universal mobile channel r liao   a campbell proceedings of acm    
stream processing of xpath queries sigmod a gupta   d suciu   
extending information literacy in electronic environments s kerka  new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
a benefit-cost analysis of the supported work experimentâ '' â '' the national supported work demonstration   p kemper   d long   c thornton   
weather radar programs in france m gilet   h sauvageot   j testud conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland     1984.0 
presupposition triggered by temporal connectives f schilder    
solid state commun m servidori   c ferrero   s lequien   s milita   a  2001.0 
using a castor oil-balsam of peru-trypsin ointment to assist in healing skin graft donor sites ostomy wound management   sn carson   c wiggins   k overall  2003.0 
real-time database and information systems : research advances a bestavros   v fay-wolfe  1997.0 
web sites strive to personalize c sliwa    
'' lolita '' and '' les liaisons dangereuses '' ao aldridge  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1961.0 
å?ªé ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ç ?? é ?? è ¯ '' æ ² '' ç ?? æ ³ ? é '' ? æ?é ¸ #  tiger drs   seattle   washington   usa    
response to â ?? a close look at the ifo data modelâ ?? s abiteboul   r hull acm sigmod record     1995.0 
airloads measurements from a 1/4-scale tiltrotor wind tunnel test sm swanson   aa swanson   ms mccluer   gk yamauchi 1999.0  european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.    
write ranges : a technique for improving capture and propagation of writes in software dsms pt koch   rj fowler   e jul submitted for  
l & a tardos   and robert e. tarjan . network flow algorithms . cdmputer science department av goldberg  stanford university   technical report stan-cs-89-1 252    
sql standardization : the next steps . acms anthology sigmod record     2000.0 
towards intelligent recognition of multimedia episodes in real-time applications j gabbe   a ginsberg   b robinson proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;     1994.0 
standard sql/mm : sql multimedia and application packages k jankiewicz   m wojciechowski    
normal vortex interaction with a loaded symmetrical blade cj doolan   fn coton   r galbraith european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0    
a query language for a web-site management system sigmod record   d florescu   a levy   m fernandez   d suciu   
learning in professional practice 2000.0 bj daley new directions for adult and continuing education    
the complexity of xpath query processing g gottlob   c koch   r pichler proceedings of the 22nd acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium  
region-specific expression of murine hox genes implies the hox code-mediated patterning of the t sekimoto   k yoshinobu   m yoshida   s kuratani   s genes to cells   1998.0 
adaptive predictive control of a distillation column tw yoon   dr yang   ks lee   ym kwon    
ribbons and beads : native american art reveals history and culture al mccall social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
endogenous oscillations of the transcript amounts of subunit-c of the v-atpase of mesembryanthemum cellular and molecular biology letters   1997.0 b rockel   b blasius   f beck   r ratajczak   u   
electronic journals : publishing via internet 's world wide web 1995.0 pa van brakel electronic library    
a measure of parallelization for the lexicographically first maximal subgraph problems 1997.0 r uehara proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ;    
africanized bee   and mites parasitic on bees   in relation to world beekeeping e crane see ref      
chemistry and pathobiology of advanced glycation end products 2001.0 ed schleicher   a bierhaus   pp nawroth   r lehmann contributions to nephrology    
mpeg-7 : a standard for multimedia content description f pereira   r koenen    
analysis of organ donation refusal transplantation proceedings   1996.0 mc jouan   j decaris   c bicocchi   l joseph   j   
path phrases and compounds in the acquisition of english at bucld   w snyder   s felber   b kang   d lillo-martin   
removal policies in network caches for world wide web s williams   m abrams   cr standridge   g abdulla   ea proc . acm  
the effect of chromosome structure on gene expression h yu   j qian   k yuval   m gerstein  2002.0 
quantum commttnication i kremer msc thesis   computer science department   the hebrew university    
rising above the hate of warâº   translated by yoshida jiro unpublished s hiroya   
natural language processing acm sigart bulletin   1977.0 ak joshi   
web-based simulation generator : empowering teaching and learning media in political science a ip   r linser   
concordia : an infrastructure for collaborating mobile agents lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 d wong   n paciorek   t walsh   j dicelie   m young   b   
in : principles of bone biology bp lukert   be kream  academic : san diego    
process-centered software engineering environments : academic and industrial perspective g engels   r balzer   v gruhn  proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software  
approaches to measuring size of application products with case tools g tate   j verner 1991.0  information and software technology    
rastogi r. shim k. spirit : sequential pattern mining with regular expression constraints m garofalkis  proc . 1999 int . conf . very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 99 )   & hellip ;    
the yellow active queue management algorithm c long   b zhao   x guan   j yang   c long   b zhao   x  computer networks   2005.0 
collection devices for obtaining cervical cytology samples ( cochrane review ) cochrane database syst rev   p martin-hirsch   g jarvis   h kitchener   r lilford  2000.0 
the nag library '' machine '' b ford   j bentley acm signum newsletter   1977.0 
a comparison of the effects of alfacalcidol treatment and vitamin d supplementation on calcium rm francis   it boyle   c moniz   am sctcliffe   bs proceedings of the ninth workshop on vitamin d. orlando   & hellip ;    
failure and failure resolution in the us thrift and banking industries a gupta   l misra   
on the scattering of radiation from atoms i waller phil . mag      
selection of file organization using an analytical model sb yao   ag merten proc . internat . conf . of very large data bases   framingham   & hellip ;    
assessing and improving studentsâ ?? learning strategies 1990.0 pr pintrich   gr johnson new directions for teaching and learning    
ohlen . temporal database system implementations b mh  acm sigmod record    
a statistical approach to incomplete information in database systems acm transactions on database systems   e wong  1982.0 
l ( 2   1 ) - labelling of 3-regular hamiltonian graphs jh kang  submitted for  
cancers in cyclosporine-treated vs azathioprine-treated patients transplantation proceedings   i penn  1996.0 
two applications of standardization and evaluation in combinatory reduction systems r muller   jb wells submitted for publication   2000.0    
dynamic modeling and bilinear control strategies for distillation columns a benallou  1982.0 
why do national labor market practices continue to diverge in the global economy ? the '' missing link '' s christopherson  economic geography    
advances in corrosionâ ?? deformation interactions   vol . 202 t magnin  trans . tech . publ.   zurich ( switzerland )    
at delhi . l fraser  1903.0 
echoes and imitations of early epic in apollonius rhodius . 1981 m campbell   
imemex : escapes from the personal information jungle proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 jp dittrich   mav salles   d kossmann   l blunschi   
frankfurt am main 1995 e bochinsky    
an exploration of firm-wide information technology infrastructure investment and services p weill   m broadbent   c butler   c soh proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1995.0    
'' cultural industries '' in sweden : an assessment of their place in the swedish economy d power economic geography    
'' measurement of the value of for 235u   238u   and 239pu in the active zone of the bor-60 reactor vs prokopenko   av inchagov   yb novikovâ ? ¦ at .    
architectureand applicationsof the connectionmachine   '' l tucker   g robertson ieee computer    
slac-pub-9381 ( submitted to nucl . inst . meth . )   2002 tb humenskyâ ? ¦   
the conlan project : concepts   implementations   and applica . tions ieee computer   r piloty   d borrione   
chaos control through model reduction : the case of peak-to-peak dynamics c piccardi   s rinaldi submitted for    
art into fashion   george braziller new york   1986 d sonia    
an empirical study on gas '' without parameters '' t back   ae eiben   nal van der vaart  lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
scalable tcp : improving performance in highspeed wide area networks t kelly   
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries g georg   k christoph   p reinhard proc . of the vldb    
elizabeth j. scott home page-http : / / www . familytreemaker . com/users/s / c/o/elizabeth-j-scott / index . ej scott   
'' salina e svelto '' : the symbolism of change in '' il gattopardo '' a evans   c evans 1963.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
overpressure protection in silicon low-pressure sensor proc . int . conf . microel . u aljancic   d resnik   d vrtacnik   s amon   
mcgnaw-hill book company n yonk   
comparison of parametric   bootstrap   and bayesian approaches to obtaining confidence intervals for c kooperberg   cj stone unpublished manuscript      
techniques for the study of qos in ip networks 2002.0 sf carter   nw macfadyen   gar martin   rl southgate bt technology journal    
between mdps and semi-mdps : learning   planning   learning and sequential decision making rs sutton   d precup   sp singh 1998.0    
a survey of the world wide web security ieee computer   a rubin   d greer   
general optical implementations of fractional fourier transforms s liu   j xu   y zhang   l chen   c li   
a packet-switched multimedia conferencing system em schooler   sl casner acm sigois bulletin     1989.0 
indoor scene reconstruction from sets of noisy range images 3-d digital imaging and modeling   1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ;   rt whitaker   j gregor   pf chen  1999.0 
visual studio takes big step s gaudin  computerworld    
ve4ma   '' selection of an optimum dish feed   '' bw malowanchuk  proceedings of the 23rd conference of the central states vhf  
the economic geography of the internet 's infrastructure * . economic geography   ej malecki  2002.0 
biota and stream water quality monitoring demonstration of management and rehabilitation of acid & hellip ;   dj russell   aj mcdougall   
key iter plasma edge and plasma-material interaction issues 15th psi conf . ( gifu   japan   may 2002 ) j. 2002.0 g federiciâ ? ¦   
how does cooperation reduce intergroup bias journal of personality and social psychology   sl gaertner   ja mann   jf dovidio   aj murrell   m   
a survey of current practice of value assessment in the management of manufacturing information and & hellip ; of the second international conference on management jn ezingeard   p race   
chi-activated recbcd enzyme possesses 5 0â ?? 3 0 nucleolytic activity   but recbc enzyme does not : genes to cells   dg anderson   jj churchill   sc kowalczykowski  1997.0 
seamless stitching using multi-perspective plane sweep sb kang   r szeliski   m uyttendaele    
group assessment in the on-line learning environment ja nicolay new directions for teaching and learning     2002.0 
inorganic ion exchangers in chemical analysis m qureshi   1991.0 
fed access law could affect it p thibodeau computerworld      
corticosteroids for the resolution of malignant bowel obstruction in advanced gynaecological and dj feuer   ke broadley cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
the continuum of professional education and practice ab knox  new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
confocal scanning optical microscopy and related imaging system academic tr corle   gs kino  san diego   calif    
declarative specification of web sites with strudel the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 m fernã ¡ ndez   d florescu   a levy   d suciu   
thouzot   '' une prã © sentation de la mã © thode des ã © lã © ments finis ''   maloine sa   paris   1981 g dhatt    
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ é ?? è ¯ '' æ ² '' ç ?? æ ³ ? é '' ? æ?é ¸ #  tiger drs   seattle   washington   usa    
assessment of basic social skills re riggio  journal of personality and social psychology    
s. navathe   â ?? an efficient algorithm for mining association rules in large database   â ?? a savasere   e omiecinski  proc . internal conf . very large data  
a case for learner-centered teaching and learning 2003.0 bj daley new directions for adult and continuing education    
parallel processing and document layout h brown   
software tool packages the expertise needed to build expert systems c williams electronic design    
realization of dynamic biped walking stabilized with trunk motion under known external force proc . int . conf . advanced robotics   a takanishi   m tochizawa   t takeya   h karaki   i   
of data warehouseing and olap technology sigmod record   csdua overview   
immunoregulatory and cytokine imbalances in the pathogenesis of iddm : therapeutic intervention by a rabinovitch diabetes-new  
update propagation strategies for improving the quality of data on the web a labrinidis   n roussopoulos vldb   2001.0 
complex objects art   : t their use in design transaction prcx : . acm sigmod conf . san jose . may   r lorie   w plouffe   
academic staff   students and the internet : the experience at the university of westminster bb blinko  electronic library   1996.0 
type inference in the polymorphic relational algebra proc . acm pods   jv den bussche   e waller   
an elliptic system modelling the propagation of a multidimensional flame h berestycki   b larrouturou   pl lions   jm unpublished  
j. solid state chem b chevalier   jl bobet   e gaudin   m pasturel   j at  
a theory of communicating sequential processes journal of the acm ( jacm )   1984.0 sd brookes   car hoare   aw roscoe   
one-class svms for document classification m larry   y malik journal of machine learning research      
svâ `` footballâ '' ve encarta   1993.0 
making information sources available for a new market in an electronic commerce environment s pulkowski   
ketamine administration during waking increases delta eeg intensity in rat sleep neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   i feinberg   ig campbell  1993.0 
clamping : a method of antialiasing textured surfaces by bandwidth limiting in object space a norton   ap rockwood   pt skolmoski 1982.0  acm siggraph computer graphics    
toward a theory of phonological process in first and second language learning . d oller western conference of linguistics   seattle   washington    
fast algebraic attacks on stream ciphers with linear feedback n courtois    
forest-based statistical sentence generation i langkilde   
herman   l.   a standard for multimedia middleware proceedings of acm multimedia dj duke   
maids : mining alarming incidents from data streams 2004.0 yd cai   d clutter   g pape   j han   m welge   l auvil proceedings of the 23rd acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
webview materialization a labrinidis   n roussopoulos    
a history of system r and sql/data system d chamberiin   a gilbert   r yost  proc . 7th international conference on very large data bases   & hellip ;    
print issn : 0004-9190 online issn : 1467-8470 frequency : three times a year current volume : 42 em alerts   s index   s index    
dynamics of home range and movements of adult black bears in northeastern pennsylvania gl alt   g matula   f alt   j lindzey international conference on bear research and management      
chickpea improvement in tunisia proc int workshop chickpea improv   m bouslama   
a   poore   jh   '' statistical testing for cleanroom software engineering   '' j whittaker  proceedings of the 25 thhawai international conference on  
prefix ã ¿ â ¡ trees r bayer   k unterauer acm transactions on database systems      
virtual book reports nl everhart  electronic school    
on the complexity of the view-selection problem 1999.0 h karloff   m mihail proceedings of the eighteenth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ;    
andprabhakarraghavan . automaticsubspaceclusteringof highdimensional data for data mining jg rakeshagrawal   d gunopolos  acm sigmod conference    
wang tiles for image and texture generation mf cohen   j shade   s hiller   o deussen 2003.0  acm transactions on graphics ( tog )    
leaf isozymes as genetic markers in citrus proc . int . soc . citricult   rk soost   am torres   
supporting a community of practice : the role of workers as learners m de laat   f de jong   j ter huurne   
towards an infrastructure for temporal databases-a workshop report n pissinoti  sigmod record   1994.0 
discussing aspects of aop communications-acm   2001.0 t elrad   m aksit   g kiczales   k lieberherr   h   
aggregate-query processing in data warehousing environments proc . of the 21st vldb co @   zurich   switzerland   ag ghqw   v harinarayan   d quass   
college teaching : an art or a science ? new directions for teaching and learning   ja centra   p bonesteel  1990.0 
a current model of population dynamics in red grouse a watson   r moss  proc . int . ornothol . congr.   15th    
document management : the painful transition g berline   l grunin pc magazine     1993.0 
some thoughts on emulating jitter for user experience trials 2004.0 g armitage   l stewart proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ;    
xml programming   2002 microsoft ra wyke   b leupen   s rehman   
ditching the commute k girard  computerworld    
lusternik-schnirelman theory and dynamics   available as math m farber    
will 3g networks be the next big wireless technology ? l garber ieee computer      
campusworld and bt 's on-line education service pc leveridge bt technology journal     1997.0 
model checking-timed uml state machines and collaborations a knapp   s merz   c rauh  lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
optimization of slice models mm voelker 2002.0    
culture traits   strength   and organizational performance : moving beyond '' strong '' culture the academy of management review   1988.0 gs saffold iii   
culture and climate 1 : invastigating aspects of organizational and care culture by the use of a sarvimaeki   ss benkoe vard i norden   1998.0    
fourierprinciples foremotion-basedhuman gureanimation m unuma   k anjyo   r takeuchi proceedings of acm  
an eclectic approach to building natural language interfaces proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ;   b phillips   mj freiling   jh alexander   sl messick    1985.0 
the nasa integrated vehicle health management technology experiment for x-37 m schwabacher   j samuels   l brownston spie proceedings series   2002.0    
shoppinggardenâ ?? improving the customer experience with on-line catalogues r tateson   e bonsma 2003.0  bt technology journal    
evaluating multimedia educational software : the dast experience & hellip ; resources management association international conference   f albalooshi   em alkhalifa   
and-play ( upnp ) forum u plug   
helicopter active noise and vibration reduction ta millott   wa welsh european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.     1999.0 
an o ( n ) - worst-case-time solution to the granularity problem a pietracaprina   fp preparata lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 
x-ray diffraction procedures for crystalline and amorphous materials hp klong   le alexander  1954.0 
comments on '' a practical ( t   n ) threshold proxy signature scheme based on the rsa cryptosystem '' g wang   f bao   j zhou   rh deng ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering     2004.0 
solving 3-satisfiability in less than 1 579 ^ n steps lecture notes in computer science   i schiermeyer  1993.0 
the valuation of corporate r & d expenditures : evidence from investment opportunities and free cash sh szewczyk   gp tsetsekos   z zantout financial management     1996.0 
shaping music minds bt technology journal   t machover   
internet edi on horizon k nash  computerworld    
software process maturity ( spm ) and the information systems developer 1993.0 k thompson   p mcparland information and software technology    
temporal relations in geographic information systems : a workshop at the university of maine acm sigmod record   r barrera   a frank   k al-taha  1991.0 
building usable menu-based natural language interfaces to databases cw thompson   km ross   hr tennant   rm saenz vldb   1983.0 
representations of bundles of semichained sets and their applications vm bondarenko  algebra i analiz    
cable tv technology for local access bt technology journal   1998.0 st jewell   jj patmore   kd stalley   r mudhar   
xml : a second chance for web markup n randal pc magazine   november    
the use of a linguistically motivated language model in conversational speech recognition w wang   a stolcke   mp harper   
processor verification with precise exceptions and speculative execution 1998.0 j sawada   wa hunt lecture notes in computer science    
british standard bs en 1782 . 1998 b standard   
application of system identification techniques to modelling a turbogenerator e swidenbank    
beckler family tree homepage   ( http://home . cdsnet . net/beckler / )   '' s beckler    
o'connor   picojava : adirectexecution engine for java bytecode   '' h mcghan andm ieee  
geodetic sets in graphs discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2000.0 g chartrand   f harary   p zhang   
budget and planning pn haeuser 2000.0  new directions for higher education    
on vacancy formation and the origin of dislocations in growth from the melt 1972.0 gf bolling   d fainstein phil . mag.    
a novel method for replacement of the dislodged tracheostomy tube : the nasogastric tube '' guidewire '' js young   wj brady   b kesser   d mullins journal of emergency medicine     1996.0 
companies struggle to answer web-site e-mail computerworld   r fusaro   
jeffrey d. ullman.â ?? implementing data cubes effiecientlyâ ?? v harinarayan   a rajaraman proceedings of acm sigmod 1996 international conference on & hellip ;      
how complete are knowledge-representation systems ? ew elcock ieee computer    
delimiting the cbd re murphy   je vance jr economic geography   1954.0    
visual basic workshop jc craig microsoft    
self organization t kohonen  1995.0 
finding related pages in the world wide web j dean   mr henzinger www8 / computer networks   1999.0    
bro : a system for detecting network intruders in real-time v paxson 1999.0  computer networks    
irt scores and the standard errors with differentially weighted items j cohen   t jiang unpublished manuscript    
column generation techniques for pickup and delivery problems doktorarbeit   technical university eindhoven   m sol   
determinacion of ph : theory and practice . rg bates    
design patterns addison-wesley   1995 e gamma   r helm   r johnson   j vissides   
administrators   evaluation   and the stream of life . 1978.0 hl hodgkinson new directions for higher education    
importance of intramolecular protein dynamics to kinetics of biochemical processes cellular and molecular biology letters   1999.0 m kurzynski   
propagation in corrugated waveguides gh bryant proc . iee    
dynamic programming treatment of the travelling salesman problem r bellman journal of the acm ( jacm )     1962.0 
an experimental study of field methods which will insure to stadia measurements greatly increased 1895.0 ls smith   
demographic diversity and faultlines : the compositional dynamics of organizational groups the academy of management review   1998.0 dc lau   jk murnighan   
unemployment   well-being and wage curves in eastern europe unpublished manuscript   2000.0 dg blanchflower   aj oswald   
endocrine-immune interactions   ornaments and mate choice in red jungle fowl m zuk   ts johnsen   t maclarty  proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
e. yves schabes . finite-state language processing technical report   mit press   cambridge   massachusetts.   e roche   
experience with a new drum centrifuge dp stewart   rs boyle   mf randolph proc . int . conf . centrifuge      
strategische organisation-prinzipien zur vitalisierung und virtualisierung   moderne industrie   1996 c scholz   
federated databases and systems : part iâ ?? a tutorial on their data sharing the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1992.0 dk hsiao   
state of the art in workflow management research and products sigmod conference   c mohan  1996.0 
a process-oriented view of student motivation pr pintrich & hellip ; teaching and learning through research : new directions for & hellip ;      
andj . d. ullman . implementing data cubes efficiently proc . of   v harinarayan   a rajaraman   
the search for the standard model higgs boson at aleph pa mcnamara iii   2001.0 
campus environmental audits : the ucla experience . new directions for higher education   aa smith   r gottlieb  1992.0 
canal irrigation and sociopolitical organization in the lowersaltrivervalley : adiachronicanalysis l nicholas   j neitzel  see ref    
access path selecuon ma rclauonal database management system procee . atngs of 1979 acm sigmod conference   ( june pc sehnger   mm astrahan   dd chamberhn   ra lone   tg   
the broadband access facility j kelly   r adnams   m enrico   m whittle bt technology journal   2000.0    
application specification for distributed data base systems pg hebalkar 1978.0  vldb    
a tutorial on behavioral reflection and its implementation j malenfant   m jacques   fn demers    
evaluation procedures for reversed phase columns in the analysis of basic compounds by hplc ; proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on high dv mccalley   rg brereton   
the fraunhofer ise roadmap for crystalline silicon solar cell technology gp willeke    
a bandwidth model for internet search a uhl vldb   2002.0    
here is an attempt mr freeberg    
â ?? and we will welcome themâ ?? : reforming special education through chicago school reform t hehir new directions for program evaluation   1993.0 
early experience with the compass elbow hinge : a retrospective review [ c ] procs annual meeting american society for surgery of the & hellip ;   rb wyrsch   dr weikert   jg seilerâ ? ¦   
a simulation environment for multiprocessor architectures   1995 dn jayasimha   j may   k patel   r rao   l schwiebert  unpublished  
software methodology in the harsh light of economics . kc kang   ls levy  information and software technology   1989.0 
the geography of the â ?? entrepreneurial stateâ ?? : public venture capital programs in the usa   â ?? an c thompson   k bayer annual conference of the association of american geographers  
will wireless gaming be a winner ? n leavitt   
a   fert a and pomeroy ar 1967 ia campbellâ ? ¦  phil . mag    
pid controller performance assessment based on closed-loop response data ap swanda   1999.0 
the code book : the science of cyptography from ancient egypt to quantum s singh   
nasa biospheric sciences   code 923   goddard space flight center   greenbelt jl privette   
stonehouse   1999 . developing a decision support system for manure management mj goss   jr ogilvie ramiran-8th international conference on management  
s-plus for arcview gis-users guide version 1.0 '' and '' s-plus spatial stat . '' m inc data analysis products division   seattle   washington   april    
the generalized pre-grouping transformation : aggregate-query optimization in the presence of a tsois   t sellis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2003.0 
the effects of limited ( information only ) asthma education on health outcomes of adults with asthma pg gibson   j coughlan   aj wilson   m hensley   m  cochrane database syst rev    
holoprosencephaly with dandy-walker cyst diagnosed in utero by mri : report of a case no to hattatsu   1988.0 t takagi   n hashimoto   h togari   k suzumori   
november . the armada file system r oldfield   d kotz unpublished manuscript [ online ] . available : http://www . cs . & hellip ;      
high assurance computing on open hardware architectures y chen   p england   m peinado   b willman    
computational aspects of a first-order logic with sorts c weidenbach to  
a close look at flenfluramine and dexfenfluramine le vivero   po anderson   rf clark 1998.0  journal of emergency medicine    
nondestructive evaluation of thermallyshocked plasticic packages using acousticmicroscopy je semmens   lw kessler  proc . 29th ann . / eee intâ ?? l reliabilty symp.   istfa    
the logic of evaluation and evaluation practice m scriven  new directions for program evaluation   1995.0 
intranet products : content and collaboration t pompili pc magazine-american edition -   1996.0 
the diamondback moth and its natural enemies in jamaica and other caribbean islands mm alam see ref      
an experiment to characterize videos on the world wide web s acharya   b smith proc . acm multimedia    
ec 120 design jc bouvier european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.     1999.0 
design issues for a dexter-based hypermedia proc . acm echt conference ( 1992 ) k grã ¸ nbã ¦ k   rh trigg   
motivation in interdisciplinary programs eb nuhfer 1999.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
manual for the laboratory temperament assessment battery ( version 1 ) unpublished manuscript   hh goldsmith   mk rothbart   
propagation of an elliptic gaussian laser beam in a medium with saturable nonlinearity s konar   a sengupta    
multipotential nestin-positive stem cells isolated from adult pancreatic islets differentiate ex diabetes-new york -   2001.0 h zulewski   ej abraham   mj gerlach   pb daniel   w   
workshop evaluation : old myths and new wisdom 1997.0 gj andrews new directions for adult and continuing education    
web release date : october 15   2002 acc . chem . res   2003.0 ae taggi   am hafez   t lectka   
musil 's anselm and '' the motivated life '' wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 w braun   
xml schema gc introduction 2003.0  sigmod record    
the practice of peptide synthesis m bodanszky   a bodanszky   1994.0 
clinical intestinal transplantation : experience in miami 1997.0 t karatzas   f khan   ag tzakis transplantation proceedings    
overcoming the liability of foreignness s zaheer 1995.0  the academy of management journal    
neuromancer paperback edition publiched in 1995 by voyager   an imprint of harpercollins publishers w gibson    
gonadotropin-releasing hormone : molecular and cell biology   physiology   and clinical applications pm conn   aj hsueh   wf crowley jr 1984.0  fed proc    
the rise of the entrepreneurial state : state and local economic development policy in the united 1989.0 pk eisinger   
the student experience . kc green   pp mcnamara  new directions for higher education   1978.0 
washington state early childhood education career and wage ladder pilot project : evaluation report j brown  2002.0 
v   harinarayan   and d. quass . aggregatequery processing in data warehousing environments a gupta  proc . 21st intt . conj . very large data  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?an overview of data warehousing and olap technologyã cents â ? ¬ â ? s chaudhuri   u dayal acm sigmod record      
the kernel adatron algorithm : a fast and simple learning procedure for support vector machines.   '' tt frie   n cristianini   c campbell    
synchronized continuous media playback through the world wide web k mayer-patel   d simpson   d wu   la rowe proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0    
ohio marriage index   ( http://198.30 . 212.15 / )   '' c county   
a pragmatic look at decompilation mf weller proc .  
towards on-line analytical mining in large databases h jiawei acm sigmod record      
a   ullman   jd   implementing data cubes efficiently proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;   r harinarayan   
the use of cohort normalized scores for speaker recognition ae rosenberg   j delong   ch lee   bh juang   fk soong  proc . int . conf . spoken language processing    
personal computers to spark growth in tempest products jb schultz defense electronic    
ms read : context sensitive document analysis in the www environment n milic-frayling   r sommerer   
pathways of human influence on water temperature dynamics in stream channels & hellip ; states environmental protection agency . seattle   washington   gc poole   ch berman  2000.0 
a topic in '' the waste land '' : traditional rhetoric and eliot 's individual talent r bates wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1964.0 
'' the alexandria quartet '' : form and fiction wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   lt lemon  1963.0 
a new method for robot motion planning and real geometry proc . 28th ieee syrup . on foundations of computer science   j canny   
an overview of path pascal 's design acm sigplan notices   rh campbell   rb kolstad  1980.0 
traffic control and qos management in the internet h zhang acm sigmetrics tutorial proceedings   1999.0    
managing semantic heterogeneity wiht production rules and persistent queries s ceri   j widom  proc . of the 19th vldb  
user-driven applications of advanced networks for electronic marketing of tourism products pf byerley   j ewers electronic markets    
funding for small us businesses and from darpa and nasa . m winslett 1991.0  sigmod record    
the entity-association model : towards a unified view of data pp chen  acm trans . database systems    
urban stream rehabilitation in the pacific northwest : physical   biological   and social db booth   jr karr   s schauman   cp konrad   sa 2001.0    
john wain : the will to write wv o'connor wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1960.0 
bone formation in vitro by stromal cells obtained from bone marrow of young adult rats c maniatopoulos   j sodek   ah melcher 1988.0  cell and tissue research    
spartina in willapa bay : a case history . p. 27â ?? 29 : j sayce  spartina workshop record   seattle   washington   november    
detailed analytical model of a single-cylinder diesel engine in the crank angle domain proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   yh zweiri   jf whidborne   ld seneviratne  2001.0 
anatomical aspects of the cochlear nucleus and superior olivary complex contributions to sensory physiology   jm harrison   ml feldman  1970.0 
weblint : quality assurance for the world wide web 1996.0 n bowers www5 / computer networks    
the internet in service-learning m canada 2001.0  new directions for higher education    
speculative multithreaded processors gs sohi   a roth    
sala-i-martin   x. ( 1995 ) economic growth rj barro new york      
faculty stress : the tension between career demands and '' having it all . '' . md sorcinelli   mw gregory new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0    
career education : a prospective   a retrospective   and a few guesses . ae levine  new directions for higher education   1987.0 
tutorial : text dominated databases   theory practice and experience gh gonnet proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod symposium on principles & hellip ;     1994.0 
neural computing : theory and practice pd wasserman 1989.0    
delayed-impact infectious disease after a natural disaster . journal of emergency medicine   1983.0 ra bissell   
enhancement and bandwidth compression of noisy speech ieee   proceedings   js lim   av oppenheim  1979.0 
dynamics mechanism of change in early perceptuo-motor development e thelen proc . of the 29th carnegie symposium on cognition    
toward rapid   '' green ''   predictable microwave-assisted synthesis . ba roberts   cr strauss acc . chem . res   2005.0    
multi-model based optimization for stream query processing y liu   b plale    
development of three-dimensionaldisplay with accomodative compensation proc . int . display workshop   s shiwa   k omura   t miyasato   
posting on harlan county queries board   august 6   1999   ( www . rootsweb . com )   '' b johnson   
atlas of immunofluorescent autoantibodies   urban & schwarzenberg   baltimore ar krapf   ca von mã 1/4 hlen   fe krapf   rm nakamura   md      
academic policy committee 2004-2005 annual report f senate 2005.0    
the effectiveness of computer graphics for decision support : meta-analytical integration of research mih hwang   bjp wu acm sigmis database   1991.0    
obtaining optimal solutions to resource constrained network scheduling problems l schrage unpublished manuscript      
comments on '' note on the expected size of a join '' . sigmod record   1982.0 acms anthology   
quasi-random access memory systems gl hollander proceedings of ejcc    
freshwater mollusks of the upper klamath drainage   oregon & hellip ; consultants   seattle   washington . oregon natural heritage & hellip ;   tj frest   ej johannes   
cocaine-induced wide complex dysrhythmia w kerns   l garvey   j owens journal of emergency medicine   1997.0    
self-similarity in world wide web trac : evidence and causes   '' proc . acm sigmetrics   m crovella   a bestavros   
introduction to a new approach to experiential learning l jackson   i macisaac  new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
mheg : an introduction to the future international standard for hypermedia object interchange proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   r price  1993.0 
rajaraman . a. implementing data cubes efficiently ujd harinarayan  proc acm sigmod int &#39; l conf on management of data . montreal    
multicarrier modulation techniques for bandwidth efficient fixed wireless access systems t hunziker    
diskscheduling in multimedia i/o system proceedings of acm alnrj wyllie   
evaluation of avector space similarity measure in a multilingual framework r besanã § on   m rajman  procs . 3rd international conference on language resources & hellip ;    
evaluating the network and usability characteristics of virtual reality conferencing cm greenhalgh bt technology journal     1997.0 
making on-line services work for you a kantor  pc magazine   march    
statistics in epidemiology : methods   techniques   and applications 1996.0 h sahai   a khurshid   
challenges in the successful transfer of formal methods technology into industrial applications h saiedian   mg hinchey 1996.0  information and software technology    
tutorial database mining r agrawal proceedings of the thirteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1994.0 
enhanced-safety cascade subcritical reactor at . pn alekseev   vv ignatâ ?? ev   oe kolyaskinâ ? ¦   
tutorial : state of the art in workflow management system research and products c mohan  5th international conference on extending database & hellip ;   1996.0 
hilbertâ ?? s programme and the search for automatic proof procedures symposium on automatic demonstration   lecture notes in & hellip ;   g kreisel   
foundations of synergetics : distributed active systems 1990.0 as mikhailov   
determining appropriate stiffness levels for spudcan foundations using jack-up case records mj cassidy   gt houlsby   m hoyle   m marcom proc . 21st int . conf . on offshore mechanics and arctic & hellip ;     2002.0 
the role of attitudes in memory-based decision making dm sanbonmatsu   rh fazio  journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 
x 25 based process - process communication f hertweck   e raubold   fh vogt computer networks      
the htk book for htk 3.1 s young   g evermann   gm kershaw   j odell   d 2001.0    
conceptual competition eth world : virtual and physical presence p carrard   m engeli  2001.0 
tcl/tk 1994 workshop 1994.0 g lester proceedings of a workshop held june 23-25   1994   new orleans & hellip ;    
internet access traffic sharing in a multi-operator environment m naldi computer networks   2002.0 
combining exploration and contol in reinforcement learning : the convergence of sarsa ml littman 1996.0  unpublished manuscript . available through url http://www . cs & hellip ;    
parallel and distributed database systems a procedures    
exploring complex policy questions using the policy delphiâ ?? a multi-round   interactive survey 1995.0 applied geography   1995   
cards . '' a goodenough   serfp line  electronic design    
developing independence in a life transition : investing the self in the concerns of the day s zirkel journal of personality and social psychology      
woes of the wireless recruiter j dash  computerworld    
1995 wharton survey of derivatives usage by us non-financial firms gm bodnar   rs hayt   rc marston    
print jo ` rourke  new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
virtual conferencing an mortlock   d machin   s mcconnell   p sheppard 1997.0  bt technology journal    
power system information theory   advances in power system control hb sun   bm zhang   l tangâ ? ¦ operation and management international conference ( apscom )      
statistical theory of signal detection pergamon press 1975 cw helstrom    
nist critically selected stability constants of metal complexes database   nist standard reference md   ae martell   rm smith   rj motekaitis   
g. rey foundations for a theory of contextors j coutaz proc cadui02   acm publ    
k. nolan . 2002 . technical aspects of testing in brash ice at ohmsett i buist   d dickins   d devitis   a guarino proceedings 25 tharctic and marine oilspill program    
xml schema dc fallsideâ ? ¦    
vibration as a factor giving rise to cracking of cold collectors pgv-1000 vg verezemskii  at .  
an early look at xquery a eisenberg   j melton sigmod record     2002.0 
business process management : models   techniques   and empirical studies lecture notes in computer science   1806.0 wmp van der aalst   j desel   a oberweis   
cooperative learning : making '' groupwork '' work new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 ka smith   
dynamic metrics for java b dufour   k driesen   l hendren   c verbrugge    
pharmacological interventions for non-ulcer dyspepsia p moayyedi   s soo   j deeks   b delaney   m innes   d cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
response of a stream channel to an increase in sediment load : unpublished ms thesis ma madej  university of washington   seattle   washington    
empirical models for indoor propagation in ctu prague buildings p pechac   m klepal 2000.0  radioengineering-prague -    
evaluation of an alternating-prf method for extending the range of unambiguous doppler velocity t dazhang   sg geotis   re passarelli conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0    
distributed processing of data dynamics c rolland   c richard acm sigmod record     1982.0 
â ?? â ?? i ask that it be included in the official printed record toh children   
state of art in cable screening measurements ep fowler   lk halme proc . int . symp . electromagnetic    
querying websites using compact skeletons a rajaraman   jd ullman    
sql and management of external data . also iso/iec 9075-9-2000 j meltonâ ? ¦ information technologyâ ?? database  
techniques for logic synthesis ar newton  proceedings ofthe ifip international conference on very  
dual career paths reduce turnover b cole-gomolski computerworld    
low-molecular-weight heparin in the emergency department treatment of venous thromboembolism journal of emergency medicine   gd innes   ec dillon   a holmes  1997.0 
the circular microstrip antenna element proc . int . conf . antennas propagation   ag derneryd   
numerical calculations of wave propagation in tokamak plasmas ( abstract only ) s sipila   s karttunen   t pattikangas   r salomaa 1991.0  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
'' bend sinister '' : nabokov 's political dream ll lee wisconsin studies in contemporary literature     1967.0 
efficient materialization and use of views in data warehouses . sigmod record   1999.0 acms anthology   
network flow algorithms . computer science department stanford university   technical report stan-cs-89-1252   av goldberg   ã ? tardos   re tarjan   
stack allocating objects in java microsoft research technical report   october b steengard   d gay   
'' students passionate about their learning '' : the end products of the profession . new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 pg beidlerâ ? ¦   
profitable predictability in the cross-section of stock returns 2001.0 jd hanna   mj ready   
managing multiple funding sources and writing grant documents . ew brewer 1993.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
concerning liquid metal embrittlement   particularly of zinc monocrystals by mercury arc westwood   mh kamdar phil . mag      
finite and infinite hypercube as direct products w imrich   d rall   
utilization of the emergency department by patients with minor complaints ma rubin   mj bonnin  journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
burglary reduction and the myth of displacement www . aic . gov. au . accessed november 22   2002 j ratcliffe 2002.0    
alterations in the morphology of glycoconjugate molecules caused by histochemical procedures : e reale   l luciano   g brandes 1992.0  the histochemical journal    
e-mail from susan reynolds   september 2002   ( nampa   idaho   september 2002 )   '' s reynolds    
apoptosis as a mechanism of cell death in a rat model of liver allograft rejection sm krams   h egawa   mb quinn   om martinez  transplantation proceedings   1995.0 
towards fast non-rigid registration   december 2002 u clarenz   m droske   m rumpf    
unpublished talk   presented at the rossi 2000 symposium   gsfc/nasa   greenbelt k jahoda md      
soi for digital cmos vlsi : design considerations and advances proceedings-ieee   1998.0 ct chuang   pf lu   cj anderson   
s-plus 2000   modern statistics and advanced graphics ms inc & hellip ; analysis products division . mathsoft   seattle   washington    
destroying symmetry by orienting edges : complete graphs and complete bigraphs 2001.0 f harary   ms jacobson discussiones mathematicae graph theory    
gaas heterojunction biopolar transistor rf ic for wireless applications proc int conf gaas   1997.0 da nobury   
update semantics for incomplete information s abiteboul   g grahne  proc . 11th int . conf . very large data bases   stockholm    
the shannon sampling theorem - its various extensions and applications : a tutorial review aj jerri 1977.0  ieee   proceedings    
an introduction to primary mentoring t maynard adolescence-san diego -   2000.0    
antenna diagnosis using microwave holographic techniques on a far-field range ep ekelman  & hellip ; techniques associatkâ ?? rr symposium seattle   washington   & hellip ;    
an investigation of documents from the world wide web a woodruff   pm aoki   ea brewer   p gauthier   la www5 / computer networks   1996.0 
web-based education for all : a tool for development adaptive courseware p brusilovsky   j eklund   ew schwarz www7 / computer networks     1998.0 
framework for development of conceptual data modelling techniques hd crockett   j guynes   cw slinkman information and software technology   1991.0 
of writing   imagination   and dialogue : a transformative experience je clark new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
is native-like competence possible in l2 acquisition s montrul   r slabakova    
characterization of cu ( inga ) se/sub 2/solar cells with high ga content wn shafarman   r klenk   be mccandless  proceedings of the 25 h ieee photovoltaic specialist & hellip ;    
a computer program for understanding natural language t winograd technical report tr-17   massachusetts institute of technology  
capacity model for internet transactions m oslake technical report msr-tr-99-18   microsoft research   april    
an efficient algorithms for mining association rules in large databases . proceedings of the 21th a savasere   e miecinski   s navathe 1995.0    
stability of fluid motion : rectilinear motion of viscous fluid between two parallel planes l kelvin  phil . mag    
virtual cut-through : a new computer communication switching technique k parviz   l kienrock  computer networks    
an effective test generation system for sequential circuits r marlett proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0    
gestural control at ircam . mm wanderley   mh serra   m battier  submitted for  
towards an infrastructure for temporal databases : report of an invitational arpa/nsf workshop a segev   b theodoulidis   ij dayal sigmod record   1994.0    
aphorisms and maxims for chief academic officers . new directions for higher education   1984.0 ge brooks   
sex limited inheritance in drosophila . th morganâ ? ¦   
state of the art in pattern recognition proc . g nagy   
sql standardization : the next steps a eisenberg   j melton  acm sigmod record   2000.0 
from counterculture to counterrevolution : a teaching career   1959-1984 j axelrod  new directions for teaching and learning    
the current state of proving programs correct rl london   
the effect of a variation in precipitation on the nature of clay mineral formation in soils from proc . int . clay conf   i barshad   
the self-sufficiency project at 36 months : effects of a financial work incentive on employment and social research and demonstration corporation   www . srdc . & hellip ;   c michalopoulos   d card   la gennetian   k harknett     
geographic variation in population characteristics of an intertidal gastropod : demographic 1993.0 rj schmitt & hellip ; symposium : recent advances in research on the california & hellip ;    
on-the-fly detection of access anomalies e schonberg    
minilaparotomy and endoscopic techniques for tubal sterilisation r kulier   m boulvain   d walker   g de candolle   a cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
report on second international workshop on advanced issues of e-commerce and web-based information kl wu   ps yu  sigmod record   2000.0 
xml data exchange : consistency and query answering m arenas   l libkin    
evaluating the effect of intensity standardization and inhomogeneity correction on mr images a madabhushi   jk udupa proc . of 28th ieee north-eastern conf . on bioengineering      
white house ultimatum to fed is : shape up systems or lose funding . g anthes    
resistivity surveying for planning of infrastructure procs . sageep   t dahlin   s johansson   
sensory integration-theory and practice . [ fa davis & co   philadelphia   us ] 1991.0 ag gisher   ea murray   ac bundy   
ah von flotow   â ?? dynamics and nonlinear adaptive control of an autonomous unicycle ( theory and dw vos proc . of 29th couf . on decision and control    
broadband islands-bridging the services gap second international conference athens   greece   june   rpo hã 1/4 berâ ? ¦   
differential phase shift ( ( for radar propagation in rain ) ) ar jameson  conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
dunnill   p.   humphrey   ae   lilly md   d wang   
first ordovician vertebrates from the southern hemisphere a ritchie   j gilbert-tomlinson algheringa i      
improving time-to-market using sdl tools and techniques ( tutorial ) proc . 9th sdl forum   montreal   canada   june   r probert   n mansurov   
sip and conversational internet applications bt technology journal   dr wisely  2001.0 
j   konstantin   b & kawamoto   s. ( 2002 ) mastering web services security . indianapolis : wiley b hartman   d flinn   
analysis of a general limited scheduling mechanism for a distributed communication system computer networks   lc hwang   cj chang  1999.0 
good advice cheap : is life is tough . here 's some solid ( and free ) advice   observations and j maglitta    
a progress report on the activities of the codasyl end user facility task group hc lefkovits 1976.0  acm sigmod record    
trace analysis of erlang programs t arts   la fredlund    
four generations of nurse theorists in the us an overview of their questions and answers eoc hall vard i norden     1997.0 
dissecting bittorrent : five months in a torrent 's lifetime m izal   g urvoy-keller   ew biersack   pa felber   aa lecture notes in computer science   2004.0    
the thabamus ofthe macaca mulatta an at   j olszewski   
supramolecular chemistry   vch   weinheim   1995 ; b ) mct fyfe   jf stoddart jm lehn acc . chem . res    
towards a social analysis of penality d garland   p young the power to punish    
usa   1995 ny york    
foundations of global analysis to a kriegl   pw michor   
advisor : justin dauwels   matthias frey and patrick merkli in collaboration with benjamin vigoda ( feb t koch continuous-time synchronization . zurich   switzerland .    
assessing measurement system acceptability for process control and analysis using gage r & r study j wang  2004.0 
at first i thoughtâ ?? : a normalizing device for extraordinary events g jefferson  unpublished manuscript    
integrating history and the art of larry rivers d turner social studies and the young learner   2000.0    
the report on child prostitution as a form of forced labor : a non-governmental organization 1996.0 l saikaew   
circadian physiology 2000.0 r refinetti   
one-to-one faculty development new directions for teaching and learning : no   p elbow   
a review of data mining techniques sj lee   k siau    
colony stimulating factor and the regulation of granulopoiesis and macrophage production er stanley   g hansen   j woodcock   d metcalf  fed proc   1975.0 
the race for bandwidth : understanding data transmission c lu  1998.0 
national cancer institute seer cancer statistics review   1973â ?? 1995 . bethesda md   lag ries   cl kosary   bf hankey   
standard for multimedia databases 2001.0 jr smith proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
delayed toxicity following ingestion of enteric-coated divalproex sodium ( epival ) - biochemical jr brubacher   p dahghani   d mcknight journal of emergency medicine   1999.0    
unilateral contact applications using fem software me stavroulaki   ge stavroulakis    
sensate mediaâ ?? multimodal electronic skins as dense sensor networks bt technology journal   ja paradiso   j lifton   m broxton  2004.0 
kentucky   ( cd-rom   c2001 by intellectual reserve   inc. )   '' electronic   '' ed   us census   l county   
autodep-facilitating deposition to the protein data bank through the new web-based submission form dr stampf   ee abola   no manning   d xue   jl sussman 17th iucr congress and general assembly   seattle   washington & hellip ;      
pressure corrections for potential flow analysis of capillary of two viscous fluids j wang   dd joseph   t funada  2004.0 
standard and reference materials for use in marine science   national oceanic and atmospheric ay cantillo md      
database techniques for the world -- wide web . . a survey f daniela   l alon   m alberto sigmod record    
a semifilter approach to selection principles ii : ï?â ?? - covers l zdomsky   
commands as media : design and implementation of a command stream jl herlocker   ja konstan proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
tappi pulp . conf s wang   h chang   h jameel  1994.0 
on twisted tensor products of algebras   ( mimeographed )   johns hopkins univ.   baltimore v gugenheim md      
emergency pe . troleum production capacity outside the persian gulf l pittinger 1980.0    
continuous monitoring of oxygen saturation in prehospital patients with severe illness : the problem gw bota   bh rowe journal of emergency medicine     1995.0 
detecting semantic events in soccer games : towards a complete solution v tovinkere   rj qian   
reflections on the graduate student experience : an overview ms anderson   jp swazey new directions for higher education     1998.0 
m.   and navathe   sb comparison of methodologies for database schema integration . acm comput . suru . cl batin acm transactions on database systems      
milprit : mining interval logic patterns with regular expression constraints s de amo   a giacometti   ms santana    
tutorial on federated databases and systems ( part i ) the vldb journal   d hsiao   
dynamics of proteins structure ja macammon   m karplus  acc . chem . res    
harts : a distributed real-time architecture s kg ieee computer      
a regional experience of red cell aplasia ja kynaston   nc west   mm reid european journal of pediatrics     1993.0 
15 seconds of fameâ ?? an interactive   computer-vision based art installation b batagelj   f solina   p peer proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
a methodology for computer-based explanation of decision analysis cp langlotz   eh shortlie   lm fagan  technical report ksl-86-57   stanford university   november  
cognitive economy and the role of representation in on-line learning dj finton 2002.0    
talking back to the www . j palme computer networks   1999.0    
enabling new organizational forms : a changing perspective on infrastructure jw ross   jf rockart    
deriving production rules for incremental view maintenance   '' 17th int s ceri   j widom  conf . on very large data bases   barcelona   spain   september    
isomorphism of complete sets m dowd  unpublished  
constraint satisfaction problems and finite algebras aa bulatov   aa krokhin   p jeavons lecture notes in computer science     2000.0 
a direct photoelectric determination of planck 's '' h '' . 1916.0 ra millikan   
functional logic overloading m gasbichler   m neubauer   m sperber   p thiemann  conference record of the acm symposium on principles of & hellip ;   2002.0 
planning and control with incomplete information using pomdps : experimental results b bonet   h gener   
performance management : the state of the field . association for public policy and management 22nd annual research conference   seattle   washington   df kettl   
airborne automation on boeing 757   767 takes over flying   landing   making pilot '' a true manager '' . computerworld.   1983.0 p gillin   
genetic techniques for analysis of nematode muscle see ref   a bejsovec   d eide   p anderson   
islamic resurgence and neoliberal economic reforms in west asia g pant international studies-bombay then new delhi -     2001.0 
best practice fpga design for asic migration r modo  electronic engineering   1998.0 
interventions for treating collagenous colitis n chande   jw mcdonald   jk macdonald 2004.0  cochrane database syst rev    
improvement in bandwidth efficiency of asynchronous prime-code cdma networks by error correction jg zhang electronic    
beebe family in northamptonshire   ( http://www . skynet . co. uk/genuki/big / eng/nth/beeby . htm )   '' ad henry    
nist chemical kinetics database 17   nist standard reference data   nist   gaithersburg wg mallard   f westley   jt herron   rf hampson md    
alpha : a non-proprietary os for large   complex   distributed real-time e jensen   j northcutt  procs . of the ieee workshop on experimental distributed  
designing a reward system to promote the career development of senior faculty new directions for teaching and learning   dw farmer  1993.0 
a parallel algorithm for finding a separator in planar graphs proc . 28th symp . on foundations of computer science   h gazit   
the biology of the laboratory rabbitâ ''   2 ndedition academic press pj manning   ce newcomer   h rongler  san diego    
suicide and the near-death experience seh rogers   1998.0 
some grammaticalization changes in estonian and their implications l campbell approaches to grammaticalization    
a thermodynamic '' vocabulary '' for metal ion interactions in biological systems . mt rodgers   pb armentrout 2004.0  acc . chem . res    
multipurpose controller synthesis in lqg optimal systems bs chen   wj wang  & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1988.0 
half-lives for spontaneous fission of 23spu and 2zpu at . aa druzhinin   vn polynov   am korochkinâ ? ¦   
ag   and dale   nb   '' schema and occurrence structure transformation in hierarchical systems   '' pt dale proc . 1976 international conference on management of    
in depth : look out   here comes india j vijayan computerworld    
web-based education for all : a tool for developing adaptive courseware . computer networks and isdn & hellip ; of seventh international world wide web conference   p brusilovsky   j eklund   e schwarz   
3.1 . ( 1993 ) . statistical sciences inc.   seattle   v s-plus   
of caves ; nothing but mountains   snow   and water . i slept up there   with stones for my pillow f hospitality    
customer-focused design data in a large   multi-site organization p curtis   t heiserman   d jobusch   m notess   j webb   
trust and communicated attributions in close relationships jk rempel   m ross   jg holmes 2001.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
san sebastiã ¡ n ; madrid : festival internacional de cine de san sebastiã ¡ n ; filmoteca espaã ± ola   1995 . t partearroyo   g la cava   
nonlinear optics of free atoms and molecules dc hanna   ma yuratich   d cotter  1980.0 
teaching and learning on the world wide web s alexander proceedings of ausweb    
a first look at the results of the 1994 carnegie mellon survey of industrial r & d in the united wm cohen   rr nelson   j walsh unpublished manuscript    
vehicle dynamics modelling for the national advanced driving simulator gj heydinger   mk salaani   wr garrott   pa grygier    
j. : ullman . implementing data cubes efficiently v harinarayan   a rajaraman proc . of acm-sigmod int â ?? l conference on management of & hellip ;    
sectioned systems at . bg dubovskii   
movement disorders as a manifestation of nonketotic hyperglycaemia c moores   d dire  journal of emergency medicine    
a geochemical assessment of sedimentation and contamination distributions in the hudson-raritan cr olsen   il larsen   rh brewster   nh cutshall   rf  md    
the architecture of an active   object-oriented database system d mccarthy   u dayal proc . 1989 acm-sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;      
teaching and learning internet skills new directions for adult and continuing education   b cahoon  1998.0 
an efficient algorithm for mining association rules in large databases aseos navathe   
renâ · ee pohlmann . viewing stemming as recall enhancement w kraaij proceedings of acm-sigir96      
the process of transformation : steps toward change . new directions for higher education   1980.0 jm tarule   
keuning   1995 . 128 blz.   afbn.   krtn b baarn   
adoption of an organizational practice by subsidiaries of multinational corporations : institutional t kostova   k roth  academy of management journal   2002.0 
first leaves : a tutorial introduction to maple v bw char   ko geddesâ ? ¦   1993.0 
interrelationships between zinc and immune function fed proc   pj fraker   me gershwin   ra good   a prasad  1986.0 
multimedia-miner : a system prototype formultimedia data mining or zaiane   j hanâ ? ¦ proc . of1998acm sigmod conf on management of data . seattle    
anytime anywhere learning pilot programme : end of first phase implementation ( september 1998â ?? d passey   k forsyth   d hutchison   a scott   s reading : microsoft    
'' lolita '' : the springboard of parody a appel jr wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
on building an infrastructure for mobile and wireless systems : report on the nsf workshop on an b kã ¶ nig-ries   k makki   s makki   c perkins   n 2002.0  acm sigmod record    
the r + - tree : a dynamic index for multi-dimensional objects proc . 13 vldb conference   brighton   t settis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos   
simd-bildverarbeitungsalgorithmen mit dem multimedia extension-instruktionssatz ( mmx ) von intel b jahne automatisierungstechnik at      
performance analysis of dataparallel programs vs adve   c koelbel   jm mellor-crummey submitted to supercomputing    
smiths ` sea fishes mm smith   pc heemstra  1986.0 
promulgating statements of student rights and responsibilities new directions for teaching and learning   ae bayer  2004.0 
'' four quartets '' : setting love in order 1962.0 ak weatherhead wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
a model for the biological precipitation of precambrian iron formation : part a. geological evidence 1987.0 gl laberge   ei robbins   tm han   
radical novelty in the borderless world ; towards teacherless and campus-less learning programmes r sadananda    
bibliographyon temporal databases   '' md soo acm sigmod record    
an introduction to wavelets academic ck chui  san diego   calif    
the first bluetooth pc l freed   
some neo-darwinian decision rules for altruism : weighing cues for inclusive fitness as a function of e burnstein   c crandall   s kitayama  journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
structure of derivations in natural deduction j von plato submitted for publication    
a new method for obtaining software project management rules software quality management-international conference -   i ramos   j aguilar   jc riquelme   m toro   
soap : the simple object access protocol a skonnard    
two-year experience with fk 506 in pediatric patients transplantation proceedings   ag tzakis   j reyes   s todo   b nour  1993.0 
self-control as limited resource : regulatory depletion patterns 1998.0 m muraven   dm tice   rf baumeister journal of personality and social psychology    
c   f. yu   '' mulfiprocessing of combinatorial search problems   '' bw watt   gj li ieee computer    
modification of mechanical properties of model membranes by some bifunctional surfactants h kleszczynska   j sarapuk   
diversity pays off k melymuka computerworld      
a staged model for the software lifecycle ieee computer   kh bennett   vt rajlich   
non-smoothness in the asymptotics of thin shells and propagation of singularities . a hyperbolic case 2002.0 p karamian   j sanchez-hubert   e sanchez-palencia applied mathematics and computer science    
not can but will college teachers be improved p cross new directions for higher education      
l evy   j.-j . 1996 . analysis and caching of dependencies proceedings of the 1996 acm sigplan international conference m abadi   b lampson   
x-ray and electron-microscope study of the first stages of precipitation in al-10 percent mg aged at phil . mag.   1973.0 m bernole   r graf   p guyot   
percutaneous transluminal angioplasty and stenting for carotid artery stenosis lj coward   rl featherstone   mm brown 2004.0  cochrane database syst rev    
optimal allocation of a divisible good to strategic buyers . 2004 s sanghavi   b hajek    
effects of the tansui river education programs on high school studentsâ ?? environmental education sm wang proceedings of the national science council   part d      
a control-theoretical approach for achieving fair bandwidth allocations in core-stateless networks ht ngin   ck tham computer networks     2002.0 
homoplasy   the recurrence of similarity in evolution : academic press mj sanderson   l hufford  san diego   ca    
efficient phrase-based document indexing for web document clustering km hammouda   ms kamel knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on     2004.0 
a comprehensive review of wetland assessment procedures : a guide for wetland practitioners . md   cc bartoldus   
accommodation processes in close relationships : theory and preliminary empirical evidence ce rusbult   j verette   ga whitney   lf slovik   i journal of personality and social psychology      
a genetic algorithm to solve the timetable problem a colorni   m dorigo   v maniezzo submitted for publication   1993.0    
principles and procedures of statistics : mcgraw-hill rgd steel   jh torrie  new york    
gonorrhea transmission dynamics and control hw hethcote   ja yorke   1984.0 
evaluation der rechnergestã 1/4 tzen bildverbesserung in der videoendoskopie von kã ¶ rperhã ¶ hlen s krã 1/4 ger   f vogt   w hohenberger   d paulus   h    
publication characteristics of randomized controlled trials in pediatric complementary and k campbell   m sampson   i ajiferuke   d moher submitted for    
nd '' the care and feeding of vector fields & hellip ; presentation   university of california   santa w tobler   
total quality control av feigenbaum   
cartographic errors symptomatic of underlying algebra problems . first int wr franklin symposium on spatial data handling . zurich   switzerland    
path queries on compressed xml d battre   
riskmetrics technical document jp morgan   
aspects of environmental awareness in england and wales : case studies tk bristow geography      
new welding process for galvanized steel sw williams   pl salter   g scott   sj harris proc . 26th int . symp . automotive technology and automation      
not can but will college teaching be improved 1977.0 p cross new directions for higher education    
interactions among algae   invertebrates and the physical environment in stream riffle communities 1989.0 tl dudley   
left-deep vs. bushy trees : an analysis of strategy spaces and its implications for query ye ioannidis   yc kang    
electromagnetic wave propagation on helical structures s sensiper proc . ire      
the career socialization of women in school administration c marshall  1979.0 
'' messy '' research   methodological predispositions   and theory development in international joint 1993.0 a parkhe the academy of management review    
terrain reconstruction h schultz technical report um-cs   university of massachusetts   department  
enciclopedia microsoft encarta 2002 . 1993-2001 microsoft x rayos   
is cover-up charged in system kill m halper  computerworld    
vitamin c for preventing and treating the common cold rm douglas   h hemilã $   rd ` souza   eb chalker   b  cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
applications of a standard leaching test for waste forms 1987.0 hw godbee   ou anders international waste management conference    
state of the art of aero-elastic codes for wind turbine calculation . proc.   28th meeting experts   iea annex xi   april   bm pedersen   
full qcd algorithms towards the chiral limit m hasenbusch    
on-line spoilage detection by magnetic resonance imaging tw skloss   c nicholls   tw schenz at process   2000.0    
on the positive orthosymmetric bilinear maps k boulabiar    
comparison of macroscopic and microscopic models for ultrashort pulses propagation in nonlinear a bourgeade   o saut    
swim : an ai-based system for organizational management pm berry   b drabble procs . of the 2nd nasa intl. workshop on planning and & hellip ;      
an approach to balancing the risks of r & d performance goals jp martino   
self-esteem and clarity of the self-concept jd campbell 1990.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
application of virtual environments to the training of naval personnel.â ?? w levison   r pew   d getty  1994.0 
my personal search engine macj overmeer  computer networks   1999.0 
eating disordered adolescent males adolescence-san diego -   ao eliot   cw baker  2001.0 
blade runners and picasso cafã © : a case study evaluation of two work-based training programs for s currie   k foley   s schwartz   m taylor-lewis    
semistructured data   may 1997 p buneman tutorial sigmod  
high wireless act c willard computerworld    
familiarity and repetition suppression : multimodal imaging of medial temporal cortical contributions bd gonsalves   i kahn   t curranâ ? ¦    
a query language and processor for a web-site management system m fernandez   d florescu   a levy   d suciu   
constructive reals in coq : axioms and first order equivalence 2001.0 h geuvers   m niqui   
sql : 1999   formerly known as sql3 a eisenberg   j melton sigmod record     1999.0 
henry roth and his novel '' call it sleep '' hu ribalow wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1962.0 
cytochrome b me nelson   g finazzi   qj wang   ka middleton-zarka     
an estimate for the position of the lowest dipole-level of a nucleus bf touschek 1950.0  phil . mag    
the autoweb system p fraternali   p paolini submitted for  
beauty product sites facing channel clash computerworld   s machlis   
optimal computation of total projections with unions of simple chase join expressions epf chan proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     1984.0 
cryptanalysis of alleged a5 stream cipher lecture notes in computer science   jd golic  1997.0 
the case for colour sp adinarayan  1964.0 
t.   and c. li . papadimitriou . '' an optimality theory of concurrency control for databases   '' ii kung  proceedings of the 1979 sigmod  
it 's nothing new ! a history of conflict in higher education new directions for higher education   1995.0 sa holton   
efficient optimization of simple chase join expressions p atzeni   epf chan 1989.0  acm transactions on database systems    
ifo : a formal semantic database model s abiteboul   r hull acm transactions on database systems   1987.0    
saturnâ ?? s rings : pre-cassini status and mission goals 2002 sp . sci . rev jn cuzzi   je colwell   lw esposito   cc porco   ce 2001.0    
improving the quality of iso 9001 audits in the field of software information and software technology   aj walker   
automatic software test generation information and software technology   m camuffo   m maiocchi   m morselli  1990.0 
handbook of unusual natural phenomena   sourcebook project   glen arm wr corliss md      
on extending the functions of a relational databaee system proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod conference ( orlando   fla.   rl hasbin   ra lorie   
goals and challenges of the darpa glomo program [ global mobile information systems ] bm leiner   rj ruther   ar sastry 1996.0  personal communications   ieee [ see also ieee wireless & hellip ;    
a communication support for real-time distributed computer controlled systems   f vasques    
taxane containing regimens for metastatic breast cancer d ghersi   n wilcken   j simes   e donoghue cochrane database syst rev     2003.0 
time-resolved fluorescence imaging and background rejection by two-photon excitation in laser 1992.0 dw piston   dr sandison   ww webb proc . spie    
origins and distribution of plants domesticated in the new world tropics b pickersgill   cb heiser jr see ref    
sundar das   application of an analytical model to evaluate storage structures tj de   k teorey proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
relational confidence bounds are easy with the bootstrap 2005.0 a pol   c jermaine proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
master/slave speculative parallelization and approximate code cb zilles   2002.0 
will mpeg-4 fly ? y ozer  pc  
0 . e.   and heine   v.   1965 a animalu phil . mag      
semantic orthogonality of type disciplines unpublished manuscript available from http://www . cs . bell - & hellip ;   1997.0 jg riecke   
second sound and the thermo-mechanical effect at very low temperatures jc ward   j wilks  phil . mag    
the semantic web workshop at the 11th international www conference ( www-2002 ) sigmod record   m frank   n noy   w staab   
a survey of some theoretical aspects of multiprocessing jl baer acm computing surveys ( csur )   1973.0    
translations from the philosophical writings of gottlob frege new york   p geach   m black   
mpeg-7 and multimedia database systems sigmod record   h kosch  2002.0 
scaling up first things first : site selection and the planning year jc quint    
geâ ?? s quality gamble k melymuka computerworld    
dynamics of diversity in the teaching-learning process : a faculty development model for analysis and new directions for teaching and learning   ls marchesani   m adams  1993.0 
review of '' web services by g. alonso   f. casati   h. kuno   and v. machiraju ''   springer-verlag   2004   d wodtke acm sigmod record     2004.0 
internet sound and video j ozer  pc magazine    
database hosting in strongly-typed programming languages acm transactions on database systems   m bever   pc lockemann  1985.0 
total cross section for p + pâ ?? p + p + ï ? close to threshold ho meyer 1991.0  aip conference proceedings    
advances in heterocyclic chemistry ba trofimov   1990.0 
coordinated travel : ( t + 1 ) - round byzantine agreement in polynomial time y moses   o waarts proc . 29th annual ieee symposium on foundations of computer & hellip ;    
vernetztes lernen mit digitalen medien s uellner   v wulf  proceedings der ersten tagung '' computergestã 1/4 tztes  
pippali ( piper longum ) & hellip ; for health and beauty . bombay   india book house publishers   s seth   
creating a community of learners : constructing opportunities for learning and negotiating meaning in a floriani 1997.0    
the ethics of student-faculty friendships rl bakerâ ? ¦  new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
to appear in eighth international workshop on topics in astroparticle and underground physics g angloher university of washington   seattle   washington   september      
difficult airway management in the emergency department journal of emergency medicine   2002.0 sl orebaugh   
procedure in taking stream bottom samples with the stream square foot bottom sampler proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of south east game & hellip ;   ew surber   
al.   '' the i-iipac project : combining active databases and timing constraints u dayal  acm sigmod  
design of experiments using the taguchi approach : 16 steps to product and process improvement by r roy    
building the applications portfolio : a process analysis c soh   s ang   bs neo proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;     1994.0 
index maintenance for object-oriented databases using semantic information . submitted to the 1995 mit laboratory for computer d hwang   b liskov   
up the creek without a paddle ? britainâ ?? s boat people ten years on geography   v robinson   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?an overview of data warehousing and olap technologies   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc acm sigmod   s chaudhuri   u dayal   
m   '' algorithms for acychc database schemes   '' y yannakakls proc vldb    
testing for statistical discrimination : an application to health care disparities a balsa   tg mcguire   ls meredith unpublished manuscript     2002.0 
developing an ed training program : how to '' grow your own '' ed nurses ke zavotsky  journal of emergency nursing   2000.0 
musa . rt-music on the spiral array . real-time e chew   arj franã § ois   
session : acm multimedia art exhibition table of contents proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 r rennã ³   r marchetti   gd du rau   
recent publications 1966.0 w warntz   g now geography    
dynamics of planning : strategic approaches and higher education . fe balderston new directions for higher education   1981.0    
protocol failure in the escrowed encryption standard . in the 2d acm conference on computer and m blaze 1994.0    
entering the presidency new directions for higher education   1996.0 jb mclaughlin   
u. & jacobson   l. ( 2001 ) . reading strategies in children with cerebral visual impairment due to ke fellenius unpublished  
advances in corrosion-deformation interactions t magnin    
software sellers line up their sites c bermant pc    
advanced sar interferometry techniques with aer-ii proc . int . radar l roessing   j ender   
composites in civil engineeringâ ?? state of the art in europe . struct . eng . int . ( iabse   zurich   switzerland )   cj burgoyne   
telephonic intelligibility g campbell  phil . mag    
psychological interventions for non-ulcer dyspepsia ( cochrane review ) s soo   p moayyedi   j deeks   b delaney   m lewis   d cochrane database syst rev     2001.0 
a web-based financial trading system m fan   j stallaert    
people at play in the countryside geography   s glyptis   
dynamic environment generations for an astral process   '' z dang   ra kemmerer   
education in a cultural lag : the case of germany t hanf international journal of educational research   2001.0    
stream : the stanford stream data manager d proposal   
an analytical method for estimating and interpreting query time hy hwang   yt yu vldb   1987.0    
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries 28th vldb conference   g koch   c koch   r pichler   
characterisation of technology roadmaps : purpose and format r phaal   cjp farrukh   dr probert   
maximum entropy in applied econometric research j sengupta    
fiber bragg grating sensor system for civil structure monitoring : applications and field tests st vohra   md todd   ga johnson   cc chang   ba danver proc . spie   1999.0    
a modification of the rayleigh disk method for measuring sound-intensities lj sivian  phil . mag    
workflow verification : finding control-flow errors using petri-net-based techniques wm van der aalst 2000.0  lecture notes in computer science    
robustness to jitter in real-time systems n andreff  1994.0 
'' sousveillance '' : inverse surveillance in multimedia imaging s mann proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
dynamics of chromosomes and microtubules visualized by multiple-wavelength fluorescence imaging in t haraguchi   t kaneda   y hiraoka  genes to cells   1997.0 
incomplete information and dependencies in relational databases proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1983.0 t imielinski   
neural competition and statistical mechanics t elliott   ci howarth   nr shadbolt proceedings : biological sciences     1996.0 
elder neglect assessment in the emergency department t fulmer   g paveza   i abraham   s fairchild  journal of emergency nursing   2000.0 
the effects of varying infant peer experience on social behavior in the rhesus monkeys as chamove   1966.0 
a72 exercise in the verification of multi-process programs z manna   a pnueli technical report   stanford university   1989 . to appear in a book    
modelling information preserving databases : consequences of the concept of time 1983.0 mr klopprogge   pc lockemann vldb    
aggregate-query processing in data warehousing environments agvhd quass    
evaluation of highly complex modeling procedures with binomial and poisson data unpublished manuscript   j ye   w wong   
the ` natural ` set of basic control structures acm sigplan notices   1973.0 jj martin   
report on the first international workshop on efficient web-based information systems z lacroix   o boucelma  acm sigmod record   2003.0 
experimental-analytic approach to derive software performance 1992.0 ra ammar information and software technology    
23   national formulary 18   united state   pharmacopoeial convention   rockville us pharmacopoeia md    
gender dynamics in the ultimatum game : an evolutionary psychology perspective g saad   t gill submitted for publication    
groupware and social networks : will life ever be the same again m pendergast   s hayne    
the jungian world of tennessee williams rh spero   1970.0 
temporal and spatial aspects of blowing dust in the mojave and colorado deserts of southern aj bach   aj brazel   n lancaster  physical geography   1996.0 
rotorcraft fatigue and damage tolerance b dickson   b krasnowski   j roesch   d adams european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
'' despair '' and the lust for immortality c rosenfield 1967.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
failure handling in large scale workflow management systems   ibm research report rj9913   tech bericht   ibm almaden research center   november   g alonso   m kamath   d agrawal   a el abbadi   r   
powerpc 603 ** tm microprocessor : an array built-in self test   '' c hunter   j slaton   j eno   r jessani   c dietz proc . int . test conf    
micromorphology of halloysite produced by weathering of plagioclase in volcanic ash proc . int . clay conf.   oxford   k tazaki   
crack propagation in high stress fatigue phil . mag   c laird   gc smith   
explorations in the world of work social studies and the young learner   c mamola  1999.0 
e-commerce strategies computerworld   j emigh   
sitehelper : a localized agent that helps incremental exploration of the world wide web www6 / computer networks   1997.0 dsw ngu   x wu   
deriving production rules for incremental view maintainance   '' s ceri   j widom  proc . international conference on very large data bases    
integrated access control management k guenter & hellip ; research division   zurich research laboratroy   switzerland    
formal methods   design   and collaborative learning in the first computer science course dr troeger new directions for teaching and learning     1994.0 
issues in south asia : geopolitics or geoeconomics 1997.0 a gupta international studies-bombay then new delhi -    
syntaktische funktionsambiguitã $ ten im deutschen å ? ein ã?berblick 1999.0 m bader   m meng   j bayer   
j. platt . sequential minimal optimization : a fast algorithm for training support vector machines j platt technical report 98-14   microsoft research . http://www . research    
toward a code of conduct for undergraduate teaching jm braxton   ae bayer new directions for teaching and learning     2004.0 
using a software process assessment model to examine organisational learning procs 9th australasian conf . on inf . systems   p halloran   
java as a first language : an evaluation f hosch acm sigcse bulletin     1996.0 
on the production of acoustic waves by means of an air-jet of a velocity exceeding that of sound phil . mag   j hartmann   
world wide web search and retrieval electronic library   h falk  1997.0 
approximate query answering using wavelets k chakrabarti   m garofalakis   r rastogi   k shim  vldb journal    
history of the rochester epidemiology project lj melton 1996.0  mayo clinic proceedings    
document classification and interpretation through the inference of logic-based models lecture notes in computer science   g semeraro   s ferilli   n fanizzi   f esposito  2001.0 
bushy trees : an analysis of strategy spaces and its implications for query optimization y ioannidis   y kang  1991.0 
sql/mm saf-005 : information technology-database languages-sql multimedia and application packages - p cotton 1999.0    
a uniform approach to processing temporal data u dayal   g wuu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;      
re-tree : an efficient index structure for regular expressions cy chan   m garofalakis   r rastogi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0    
powell family database   ( posted at http://www . geocities . com/heartland/ranch / 3605/powell/family . htm dl minter  1750.0 
data in search of a theory : a critical examination of the relationships among social performance   aa ullmann  the academy of management review   1985.0 
land administration in kosovo-practice in cooperation and coordination   fig and un/ece b andersson   m meha  wpla   athens greece    
vocational rehabilitation counselors in the state of wisconsin : their theoretical orientation   the td fier   1999.0 
homogeneous nucleation theory ff abraham  academic   new york    
5 . 0 specification t revision 1988.0    
an emergency nurse 's pain management initiative : mercy hospital 's experience p spurlock journal of emergency nursing     1999.0 
`` smart clothing '' : wearable multimedia computing and `` personal imaging '' to restore the technological s mann    
international programming for microsoft windows 2000.0 da schmitt   
an implementation andperformance analysisof spatialdata access   '' inproc d greene  acm sigmod    
biol . 1995   252   248â ?? 262 ; c ) gr desiraju acc . chem . res   zs derewenda   l lee   u derewenda   j mol   
promis 1.6 userâ ?? s guide g hobler   p pichler   k wimmer  technical university  
ethernet controller adds communications to scsi bus . electronic design   1988.0 t russ   
web sites 2003.0 dt der fourier-transformation   i teil   ii wird die acc . chem . res    
context sensitive document analysis in the www environment n milic-frayling   r sommerer   r ms  microsoft technical report : msr-tr-2001-63   june 2001   http : / /  
innovative stabilization and functionalization s ystems for ag-films proc . of 29th nat . agric . plastics n lelliâ ? ¦   
nist standard referencedatabase17â ?? 2q98   nist   gaithersburg f westley   j herron   d frizzell   r hampson   g md      
international forum on coating science and technology w limin   c xichong athens   greece    
career forum a labrinidis 2001.0  acm sigmod record    
biological control agents of russian wheat aphid in syria and turkey ks pike   lk tanigoshi   rh miller   s kornosor  proceedings 6 th rwa workshop   january 23 â ?? 25 1994   fort & hellip ;    
making sense and making use of feedback from focus groups r tiberius new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0    
synthesizing database transactions 1990.0 x qian vldb    
compt . rend . 240   963 ( 1955 ) [ cas ] ; h. de-waard n marty  phil . mag    
using iterated irs model reduction techniques to calculate eigensolutions mi friswell   sd garvey   jet penny 1997.0  proc . spie    
a csp and z combined modeling of document exchange processes in e-commerce protocols x wang   sc cheung   j wei information & software technology     2002.0 
modern client-server dbms n roussopoulos sigmod record    
workshop report : the first international workshop on active and real-time database systems ( artdb-95 m berndtsson   j hansson sigmod record   1996.0 
the problem of liberalism and the good . hs richardson see  
tropical corn plant population/nitrogen fertilizer . p. 17-18 & hellip ; lands agricultural research/demonstration project first year & hellip ;   gm prine   
career academies : impacts on students ' engagement and performance in high school . jj kemple   jc snipes  2000.0 
apparatus and techniques cm buck   rp lancaster 2001.0  area    
earthquakes and volcanic eruptions : a handbook on risk assessment 1992.0 h tiedemann   
report on the 3rd web dynamics workshop   at wwwâ ?? 2004 sigmod record   2004.0 m levene   a poulovassilis   
research issues in metamodeling 1991.0 rg sargent proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter simulation    
insertion scheme for the crystal of the classical lie algebras ja kim   du shin submitted for    
negotiation-the art of the possible computerworld   b batros   
a   and ochs   john b.   '' collaborative engineering experiences   '' p van kollenburg  proceedings of the 22 '' d seed annual design conference  
documentary television programs soc . c titles   
a sequential statistical mutation-based testing strategy m sahinoglu   eh spafford ieee proc . 28th annual spring reliability seminar      
figure -- ground discrimination from temporal information proceedings : biological sciences   m fahle  1993.0 
implementation of compression with reversible embedded wavelets e schwartz   a zandi   m boliek proc spie   1995.0    
link spam detection based on mass estimation z gyongyi   p berkhin   h garcia-molina   j pedersen   
temporal database system implementations m bã ¶ hlen 1995.0  acm sigmod record    
maintaining a large spatial index with t2sm c jermaine   e omiecinski   wg yee proceedings of acm-gis    
making fast strategic decisions in high-velocity environments km eisenhardt  the academy of management journal   1989.0 
first-order temporal pattern mining with regular expression constraints s de amo   da furtado   
the organization of behavior : a neuropsychological theory do hebb   
wireless transmission and mobile technologies r clarke    
fault tolerance of the backpropagation neural network trained on noisy inputs ji minnix   
studies of individualism-collectivism : effects on cooperation in groups ja wagner 1995.0  academy of management journal    
interventions for preventing obesity in children cd summerbell   v ashton   kj campbell   l edmunds   s  cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
evaluation of a limited sleep study system nj douglas   
p.   dd chamberlain   '' functional specifications of a sub-system for database integrity   '' k eswaren proc . intl. conf . on very large databases   ( sep. .  
in search of real-time internet service g lawton    
ny : hill and wang n yonk   
an introduction to the theoretical aspects of coloured petri nets k jensen  lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
ultrasonographic guidance of transvenous pacemaker insertion in the emergency department : a report w macedo   k sturmann   jm kim   j kang journal of emergency medicine   1999.0    
current best practice against computer viruses . f cohen    
error propagation in directly georeferenced terrestrial laser scanner point clouds for cultural dd lichti   sj gordon   
nature-materials 2002 w yang   je butler   w cai   j carlisle   d gruen   t    
pict : a programming language based on the pi-calculus   1997 bc pierce   dn turner & hellip ;   documentation   demonstration programs   and standard    
aerodynamic perturbations on the frigate la fayette deck effects on the helicopter flight dynamics 1999.0 a taghizad   a desopper   c verbeke european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.    
the analysis of variance h scheff new york    
sql multimedia application packages ( sql/mm ) - part 2 : full-text pcisoaw draft  iso/iec sc21/wg3  
a foodborne outbreak causing a cholinergic syndrome c greenaway   p orr journal of emergency medicine   1996.0    
gazetteer of the bombay presidency . thana   volume xiii   part ii 1882.0 jm campbell   
learning to generate fast signal processing implementations b singer   m veloso   
art exhibition : impossible geographies 01 p gemeinboeck   ma krell  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
the racism and life experience scales unpublished manuscript   sp harrell   
genetic analysis of sym genes and other nodule-related genes in pisum sativum nf weeden   be kneen   ta larue  see ref    
gender swapping on the internet proceedings of inet   a bruckman  1993.0 
learn-ing community foundations . f gabelnick   j macgregor   rs matthews   bl smith new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0    
foundations of a logical approach to agent programming 1996.0 y lesperance   hj levesque   f lin   d marcu   r lecture notes in computer science    
reuse of components in data-intensive business programs through interface separation information and software technology   1998.0 cdw ward   ava resurreccion   kh mcwatters   bkt hee     
java security s oakes   1998.0 
e-commerce applications of smart cards dm ` rahi   m yung computer networks     2001.0 
electron energy-loss spectroscopy in the electron microscope . rf egerton 1996.0    
therapeutic ultrasound for venous leg ulcers k flemming   n cullum cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
probabilistic message passing in peer data management systems p cudre-mauroux   k aberer   a feher    
dynamics and patterns of deforestation in the western amazon : the napo deforestation front   1986â ?? r sierra applied geography     2000.0 
state and parameter estimation for overall systems & hellip ; of american control conference   seattle   washington   1995.0 jf de souza   
relationship between subsurface geohydrologic investigation and siting of upland disposal sites / ca coch   jf tavolaro water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0    
special libraries-how to survive in the twenty-first century r wittwer electronic library   2001.0 
application of the new production theory to construction . l koskela  1992.0 
the achievement motive in women : implications for career development r baruch 1967.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
â ?? institution building process in bangladesh . d choudhury   am hasanuzzaman   g hossain  bangladesh at    
marketing for electronic market places : the relevance of two '' critical points of success '' t kollmann    
interventions targeted at women to encourage the uptake of cervical screening c forbes   r jepson   p martin-hirsch cochrane database syst rev     2002.0 
natural hazard in human ecological perspective : hypotheses and models rw kates  economic geography   1971.0 
improvement of luminance and luminance efficiency in pdpâ ?? s driven by radio frequency pulses j kang   wg jeon   od kim   jw song   jp boeuf   mh proc . int . display  
suicidal behaviors questionnaire 1981.0 mm linehan & hellip ; inventory   university of washington   seattle   washington    
obtaining confidence measures from sentence probabilities b rueber proc .    
an introduction to enumeration and graph theory   2002 m bona   awt combinatorics   
lawrenece page . the anatomy of a lorge-scale hypertextual web search engine [ c ] the seventh international world wide web conference   s brin   
an overview of data warehouse and olap technology s chauduri   u dayal sigmod record      
adaptive-level memory caches on world wide web servers c da-wei   k hao-ren   c rui-chuan  computer networks    
fikeset . al. knowledgeinterchangeformat   version3 m geneserethandr 0referencemanual . technical report   computer science department    
conference overview : first national conference on software engineering p hsia ieee computer      
'' the comedian as the letter c '' f murphy  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1962.0 
good advice cheap ae alter   r saia computerworld      
fatal tetanus in a drug abuser with '' protective '' antitetanus antibodies fm abrahamian   cv pollack jr   f lovecchio   r nanda journal of emergency medicine     2000.0 
transformative learning : theory to practice new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 j mezirow   
microsoft word version 2002 step-by-step 2001.0 i perspection   
â ?? parlog : a tutorial introduction . d gilbert    
chi '90 workshop on multimedia and multimodal interface design mm blattner   rb dannenberg acm sigchi bulletin     1990.0 
a weak type inequality for convolution products a bellow   ap calderon to    
coesite and pure pyrope in high-grade blueschists of the western alps : a first record and some 1984.0 c chopin contributions to mineralogy and petrology    
auditory-visual interaction in virtual room acoustics d vã $ stfjã $ ll   p larsson   c olsson   m kleiner   bi  submitted for publication    
on optimal coverings by colored stable sets u faigle   b fuchs   b peis    
the demokritos meteorological research tower gt amanatidis 1990.0    
the use of cluster analysis in physical design ja hoffer   dg serverance proc . first international conference on very large data & hellip ;      
translinear circuits-25 years on . pt . 1 : the foundations electronic engineering   b gilbert  1993.0 
two writes make a read jd victor  ieee computer    
cooperation for cost-effectiveness in purchasing m dorger  new directions for higher education   1999.0 
web payoffs now j maglitta computerworld      
ima : technical foundations   application and performance analysis m postigo-boix   j garcia-haro   m aguilar-igartua  computer networks   2001.0 
a parameterized interpreter for modeling different aop mechanisms proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   n ubayashi   g moriyama   h masuhara   t tamai  2005.0 
vertebrate non-receptor protein-tyrosine kinase families genes to cells   k neet   t hunter  1996.0 
a limited sampling strategy for the measurement of cyclosporine auc a johnston   i sketris   jt marsdenâ ? ¦  transplant proc   1990.0 
the art and theory of dynamic programming se dreyfus   am law   1977.0 
liberal education   inquiry   and academic organization . fs weaver  new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
the next steps 2000.0 sql standardization   
understanding geographic space without the use of vision ( nsf final report sbr95-14907 ) rg golledge   m blades   r kitchin   d jacobson  & hellip ; ofgeography   university of california santa barbara    
priti mishra margaret eich fc in   oo databases 1992.0  sigmod record    
code complete : a practical handbook of software production s mcconnell 1993.0    
personas   participatory design and product development : an infrastructure for engagement j grudin   j pruitt    
exactly solved models in statistical mechanics academic press rj baxter  san diego    
web-based consumer decision tools : motivations and constraints k mathieson electronic markets     1999.0 
maggard clan connection   ( posted at www . gencircles . com )   '' ro ` hagan    
lo   and tomaso poggio . information dissemination and aggregation in asset markets with simple technical report cbcl no. 164   massachusetts institute of n chan   b lebaron   w andrew   
effects of instructional procedures on learning a first programming language p bayman 1983.0    
synthesis of operating procedures for complete chemical plants   part i : hierarchical   structured l ramachandran   s george  lispe technical report   massachusetts institute of technology    
compounds and complex predicates : evidence from japanese for a â ?? globalâ ?? parameter n miyoshi  proceedings of the 23rd boston university conference on & hellip ;    
cond-mat/0306374 a pluchino   v latora   a rapisarda submitted for    
towards on-line analytical mining in large databases j han 1998.0  sigmod record    
ultra-wide bandwidth instrument product based on josephson junctions er hanson   gkg hohenwarter   sr whiteley   sm faris proc . int . conf . computer  
cooperation and alliances : higher education and the use of television new directions for higher education   lg dotolo  2002.0 
evidence of lower-atmospheric ozone '' sloshing '' in an urbanized valley physical geography   aw ellis   ml hildebrandt   hjs fernando  1999.0 
outward foreign direct investment by central european economies and restructuringâ '' m svetlicic proceedings of the 23rd annual eiba conference on global & hellip ;    
coming to america will docomo 's i-mode   wildly successful in japan   translate to the us market ? electronic business   d normile  2001.0 
acute quetiapine poisoning-a review of the available clinical experience journal of emergency medicine   fm hustey  1999.0 
if you build it   will they come ? a statewide two-way interactive network for distance education & hellip ;   la   agriculture student achievement . proceedings of the 25 & hellip ;   gs miller   ww miller   
the new standard j seymour 1993.0  pc magazine    
the computer as presidential factotum . new directions for higher education   1988.0 jl powell   
the natural and migrational components of population changes in england and wales   1921-1931 jw webb economic geography     1963.0 
source international conference on management of data archive u dayal proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1987.0 
tutorial : an introduction to interdomain routing and bgp tg griffin proc . acm sigcomm      
shady practice : gender and the political ecology of resource stabilization in gambian garden / economic geography   1993.0 ra schroeder   
constructive conflict in academic bargaining . r birnbaum new directions for higher education   1980.0    
strategic sequential bidding in auctions using dynamic programming in aamas   bolgna   italy   2002 g tesauro   d bredin    
internet hiccup computerworld   ks nash   b wallace   
data mining techniques based on the self-organizing map master degree thesis   department of engineering physics and & hellip ;   j vesanto   
a close look at the ifo data model sigmod record   1995.0 ms hanna   
owl optical design   active optics and error budget p dierickx   b delabre   l noethe proc .    
a tutorial introduction to computational biochemistry using darwin g gonnet    
environment and development ( 1995 ) international conference   may 1995   zurich   i peoples   
theory of noisy fourpoles h rothe   w dahlke  proc . ire    
molecular systematics of lemurs : ph. d 2000.0 j pastorini   
transport protcols : their performance and status in international standardization p von studritz computer  
cn jenty and the mezzotint plates in his '' demonstrations of a pregnant uterus ''   1757 . jl thornton   pc want j audiov media med     1978.0 
an empirical study of machine learning algorithms applied to modeling player behavior in a â ?? first 2002.0 b geisler   
f.   kleinrock   l.   '' hierarchical routing for large networks kk kamoun computer networks    
special issue on peer to peer data management acm sigmod record   k aberer   
natural amphiphilic phenols as bioactive compounds a kozubek   m stasiuk   j gubernator   
g-presentations of coxeter groups with three generators procs . first int . conf . maths . comp . sc.   mexico   h perez-roses   
resource scheduling-comparing simulated annealing with constraint propagation ib crabtree bt technology    
some concepts in reaction dynamics jc polanyi acc . chem . res     1972.0 
ad sokoler   t.   â ?? aroma : abstract representation of presence supporting mutual awarenessâ ?? proc . acm e pedersen   
gmser a.   and yost   r. a history of system r and sql/data system proceedings 7th international conference on very large data d chamberl   
on relativism and interpretivism -- with a prolegomenon to the '' why '' question pf anderson see hirschman    
is cobol dead j cunningham    
workforce scheduling with constraint logic programming n azarmi   w abdul-hameed bt technology journal     1995.0 
ensemble approach to simulated arming g ruppeiner   jm pedersen   p salamon  j. phys . i    
academic freedom and regional accreditation : guarantors of quality in the academy se elman new directions for higher education   1994.0    
the lateral diffusion of a stream of ions in a gas phil . mag   lgh huxley   
a hora ea vez dos data martsâ ?? a farias    
pharmacokinetic aspects of the in vivo   non invasive study of neuromceptors in man jj frost  see ref    
software testing techniques b beizer    
helicopter encounters with aircraft vortex wakes gd padfield   gp turner 1999.0  european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.    
discovery spatial associations in image data mining and knowledge discovery : theory   tools   and & hellip ;   or zaiane   j han   
url http://www . microsoft . com/speech/download / sdk51 / sdk speech microsoft   accessed      
flooracquisition multiple access forpacket-radio networks c fullmer   jj garcia-luna-aceves proc . acm  
integrated-services networks   '' proc . 29th annual ieee/acm/scs simulation symp   jm peha   atm simulating   
a software design method for real-time systems h gomma commun . acm    
the case for perspicuous programming n holmes    
tutorial on object-oriented databases ms jackson information and software technology     1991.0 
conflict resolution : four steps worth taking 2000.0 emg burnett social studies and the young learner    
the bub-tree r fenk proceedings of 28rd vldb international conference on very & hellip ;   2002.0    
'' quaker hero   burning '' ; of poetry and power : a poem and comment b noll 1966.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
temperature field in deformed fast-reactor fuel assemblies od kazachkovskii   av zhukov   ap sorokinâ ? ¦  at .  
mostly lock-free malloc d dice   a garthwaite   
virtual geometry : a mechanism for modification of cad model topology for improved meshability j kraftcheck   2000.0 
cr acad . sci . 46   1157 ( 1858 ) : phil . mag   as couper   
international organization for standardization organisation internationale de normalisation c proposal   rt snodgrass   mh bohlen   cs jensen   a acm transactions on database systems   1994.0 
the fifty state quarters : art and historical inquiry social studies and the young learner   ta keiper   be larson  2000.0 
workflow automation : technology   applications   and research caise 95 tutorial a sheth   
java and java tools : waking up the web j lam pc magazine    
the interpolation problem for cardinal splines oi kounchev   h render   
addendum to : treatment of simulated wastewater from oxiana resources nl phase iiâ ?? material f geosciences & hellip ; prepared by frontier geosciences inc.   seattle   washington      
the design process utilized to restore diked salt hay farms to natural marshes l weishar   j balletto proceedings of the 23rd annual conference on ecosystems & hellip ;    
collaborative concept mapping on the world wide web g regev   x gilbert   a wegmann    
a new look at women 's learning er hayes new directions for adult and continuing education     2001.0 
the problem of the whispering gallery phil . mag   l rayleigh   
ano wwom   j. 1990b . deriving production rules for constraint maintenance s czm tech . rep. rj7348   ibm almaden research center   san jose      
accessible access 2000 m whitehorn   b marklyn   2000.0 
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ç ?? é ?? è ¯ '' æ ² '' ç ?? æ ³ ? washington : tiger drs   seattle   é '' ? æ?é ¸ # ï 1/4 ? é '' ? é ¹ $ å ¹ ´ ï 1/4 ? ä ¸ ? è ?? â ? ¦   
islam and economics   chapters 3 and 4 : '' islam and underdevelopment   â ?? university of southern t kuran 1999.0    
version 90.1 ''   computation structures group memo 284-2 1990.0 rs nikhil   ir manual   
standardization for displays . r bowlby   g bragg   m king j audiov media med     1978.0 
the geology and geochemistry of the joffre and whaleback shale members of the brockman iron precambrian iron-formations : athens   greece   theopharstus   d mcconchie   
natural disasters : recent trends and future prospects geography   m degg   
plasma chemistry and technology 1982.0 hv boenig   
diffraction data were kindly collected by amm a cryst  acc . chem .  
database systems : road kill on the information superhighway ? proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 dj de witt   
opening doors : expanding educational opportunities for low-wage workers s golanka   l matus-grossman  2001.0 
analytical formulae for dc hopping conductivity . degenerate hopping in wide bands pn butcher   kj hayden phil . mag    
official microsoft ( c ) netmeeting ( tm ) book 1998.0 r summers   
liquid membranes : chemical applications t araki   1990.0 
real-time applications on the internet s rudkin   a grace   mw whybray bt technology journal   1997.0 
job satisfaction and the good soldier : the relationship between affect and employee '' citizenship '' the academy of management journal   1983.0 ts bateman   dw organ   
analysis and design of web-based information systems k takahashi   e liang www6 / computer networks     1997.0 
the first text retrieval conference ( trec-1 )   gaithersburg d harman md      
high-power laser propagation - thermal blooming dc smith 1977.0  ieee   proceedings    
0 . ( 1970 ) . exit   voice   and loyalty a hirschman responses to decline    
cross sections for ( n   p ) and ( n   î ± ) reactions on chromium   iron   copper   and molybdenum nuclei at at . energ   oiaiv kazachevskii   vn levkovskii   vl poznyak   vf   
comparing models of decision and action for guideline-based decision support : a case-study approach m peleg   s tu   j bury   p ciccarese   j fox   ra submitted for  
mpeg-7 standard for multimedia databases jr smith    
philosophical foundations of physics r carnap new york      
microsoft excel version 2002 inside out 2001.0 c stinson   m dodge   
regulation of transgene expression in sugarcane s hansom   r bower   l zhang   b potier   a elliot   s  proc . int . soc . sugarcane  
1994   '' block structured multigrid solution of 2 d and 3 d elliptic pde 's . '' technical report   afm 94 - technical university of ja michelsen   
e-mail from don mooty   2002   ( 2002 )   '' d mooty   
relabeling internal and external validity for applied social scientists dt campbell  new directions for program evaluation   1986.0 
the national dialogue on academic and student affairs collaboration 2001.0 dm bourassa   k kruger new directions for higher education    
successful down-regulation of natural and xenoreactive antibodies in pig-to-baboon t morschheuser   g steinhoff   l indzhiia   a heiser    transplantation proceedings   1997.0 
others   1995 . oregon caves national monument 1995 visitor survey . national park service d rolloff  pacific northwest region   seattle    
wk # m   and hf korth '' a model of cad transactions   '' proc vldb   f bancllhon   
andd . suciu . catching the boat with strudel : experiences with a web-site management system proc . acm m fernandez   d florescu   j king   a levy   
application of an analytical model to evaluate storage structures tj teorey   ks das  proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1976.0 
knowledge utilization and power in university decision making 1980.0 ae guskin new directions for program evaluation    
re-sends   '' j gemmell   srmu erasuring-correcting technical report msr-tr-97-20   microsoft research   june      
interpersonal forgiving in close relationships : ii . theoretical elaboration and measurement me mccullough   kc rachal   sj sandage   el journal of personality and social psychology     1998.0 
microsoft access version 2002 inside out h feddema    
first looks   voice recognition : ibmâ ?? s dictation system is quite a talk show pc magazine   r malloy   
hierarchical test generation for digital circuits represented by decision diagrams 2001.0 j raik   
new directions in management information transfer . rn farmer 1968.0    
first looks : delphi combines visual programming and local code compiler pc magazine   no   n rubenking   
functional organization of chlorophyll in chlorophyll ccontaining marine phytoplankton 1985.0 ba boczar   
summary of the final report of the nsf workshop on scientific database management sigmod record   jc french   ak jones   jl pfaltz   
c. mead . computing motion using analog and binary resistive networks j hutchison   c koch   i luo ieee computer      
managing semantic heterogeneity with production rules and persistent queues s ceri   j widom    
standard neutron field at the center of a bir-2 reactor core vd sevastâ ?? yanov   as koshelev   gn maslovâ ? ¦  at . energ    
deriving structural hylomorphisms from recursive definitions 1996.0 z hu   h iwasaki   m takeichi proceedings of the first acm sigplan international & hellip ;    
beam energy spread induced by beampipe steps kcd chan   r schweinfurth    
