participation 's effects on performance and satisfaction : a reconsideration of research evidence ja wagner iii the academy of management review   1994.0 
capitalistic mathematics vp maslov manuscript  
passive dynamic running mh raibert   cm thompson experimental robotics i    
the house mouse : atlas of embryonic development k theiler  1989.0 
testability   1985 technology forecast b milne electronic design    
modes of action of fk506   cyclosporin a   and rapamycin r morris transplantation proceedings   1994.0 
classroom behaviors related to college teaching effectiveness h murray new directions for teaching and learning : using research to & hellip ;    
hits and miss-es : a year watching the web j graham-cumming www6 / computer networks   1997.0 
building a large and efficient hybrid peer-to-peer internet caching system l xiao   x zhang   a andrzejak   s chen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
phylip : phylogenetic information package j felsenstein university of washington   seattle    
experience building the open oodb query optimizer a joseâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm  
an overview of web services security p kearney   j chapman   n edwards   m gifford   l he bt technology journal   2004.0 
mentoring to diversity : a multicultural approach . g rodriguez new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0 
influence of gaps and neighbouring plants on seedling establishment in limestone grassland p ryser experimental field studies in northern switzerland . zurich . & hellip ;    
mitochondrial carbonic anhydrase in osteoclasts and two different epithelial acid-secreting cells ek karhukorpi   p lakkakorpi   n carter   s dodgson   the histochemical journal   1992.0 
campus energy management programs . ma pierce new directions for higher education   1992.0 
the fuel economy potential of heat engine/flywheel hybrid automobiles sm rohde   na schilke supplement to procs . 1980 flywheel technology symposium    
in : atlas mundial encarta pp de los libres-uruguaiana microsoft corporation   2001.0 
interventions to help external cephalic version for breech presentation at term gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
bio-ajax : an extensible framework for biological data cleaning ch wuq sigmod record   2004.0 
groundwater fauna of the south platte river system   colorado jv ward   nj voelz see ref    
comparing hierarchical data in external memory . university of maryland ss chawathe proceedings of the 25th vldb conference  
autosegmental phonology ja goldsmith   
corcus sativus nigella sativa km nadakarni  1976.0 
a coherence theorem for ordered families of probability measures on a partially ordered space da ross unpublished manuscript   1993.0 
representing othersâ ?? preferences in mixed motive games : was schelling right g devetag   m warglien   
biohydrometallurgy pr norris   dp kelly proc int symp warwick    
endoscopic submucosal resection with hook knife o tsuneo & hellip ; international endoscopy conference with live demonstration & hellip ;    
behavior of dielectric barrier discharges in nitrogen/oxygen mixtures r brandenburg   kv kozlov   am morozov   he wagner   p proc . 26th int . conf . on phenomena in ionized gases ( icpig - & hellip ;    
smart mater . struct x wang   ddl chung at  
swarms : a geographic information system for desert locust forecasting k cressman see ref    
unskilled and unaware of it : how difficulties in recognizing oneâ ?? s own incompetence lead to j kruger   d dunning journal of personality and social psychology   1999.0 
stufengerechte beurteilung und optimierung der thermischen prozesssicherheit mittels dynamischer a keller  1998.0 
a comparison of mpi performance on different mpps m resch   h berger   t boenisch lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
simulating p2p networks mt schlosser   sd kamvar technical report   stanford university    
a hybrid approach to ner by memm and manual rules m fresko   b rosenfeld   r feldman proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
concurrency control in database systems b bhargava   
ipsofacto : a visual correlation tool for aggregate network traffic data f korn   s muthukrishnan   y zhu sigmod conference   2003.0 
dynamics of gender   ethnicity   and race in understanding classroom incivility m alexander-snow new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
dynamic queries : database searching by direct manipulation b shneiderman   c williamson   c ahlberg   
generating a three-dimensional campus model t drury   
sil : modeling and measuring scalable peer-to-peer search networks bf cooper   h garcia-molina lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
the silent crisis : the state of rain forest nature preserves cp van schaik   j terborgh   b dugelby see kramer    
positive and negative global self-esteem : a substantively meaningful distinction or artifactors ? hw marsh journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
the cortex of the rat : a stereotaxic atlas kj zilles  1985.0 
the energy method   stability   and nonlinear convection b straughan  1992.0 
radiation hormesis td luckey  1991.0 
type checking records and variants in a natural extension of ml d rã © my proceedings of the 16th acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ;   1989.0 
active storage for large-scale data mining and multimedia applications e riedel   g gibson   c faloutsos   
an aristotelian understanding of object-oriented programming d rayside   
strategies and resources for enhancing mentoring relationships . lm golian new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0 
formal methods are a surrogate for a more serious software concern r glass ieee computer    
in ( 0 . 5 ) 3 ga ( 0 . 47 ) as/inp sam avalanche photodiodes grown by gas source mbe ( abstract only ) g zhang   t hakkarainen   k tappura   k rakennus   h oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
define â ?? re-engineerâ ?? rl manganelli computerworld    
specifying and enforcing intertask dependencies pcamp singh   a sheth   m rusinkiewicz proc . of the 19th vldb   dublin   ireland    
transition to adulthood in italy f ongaro transition to adulthood    
hessenberg and schur output normal pair representations a mullhaupt   ks riedel submitted for  
crm 1 ( xpoi ) dependent nuclear export of the budding yeast transcription factor yap-1 is sensitive to s kuge   t toda   n iizuka   a nomoto genes to cells   1998.0 
high-end computing on shv workstations connected with high performance network lp huse   h bugge   
particle image velocimetry measurement of in-cylinder flow in internal combustion enginesâ ?? y li   h zhao   z peng   n ladommatos proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2002.0 
amoebic liver abscess op kapoor   
a new statistical approach to timing analysis of vlsi circuits rb lin   mc wu   
interactive voice   facsimile and touchtone dialogues ba cross bt technology journal   1994.0 
material flows analysis for france g chabannes  1998.0 
using classroom assessment to change both learning and teaching m steadman new directions for teaching and learning    
processing time-constrained aggregate queries in case-db wc hou   g ozsoyoglu acm transactions on database systems   1993.0 
w. mckenna and g. graefe   expersiences building the opern oodb query optimizer j balkeley proc . acm sigmod    
donâ ?? t be lazy   be consistent b kemme   g alonso  2000.0 
koniag prehistory dw clark  1968.0 
how musical is man ( p. 111 ) j blacking  1973.0 
are a voluntary organisation with local schemes throughout the uk   which provide support   friendship uk homestart contact  
scanning electrochemical microscopy of a porous membrane aj bard   g denuault   c leeâ ? ¦ acc . chem . res    
beryllium doping of inp grown by gas-source molecular beam epitaxy ( abstract only ) t hakkarainen   k rakennus   k tappura   m hovinen   m oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
a predicate-based caching scheme for client-server database architectures am keller   j basu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
declarative data cleaning : model   language   and algorithms h galhardas   d florescu   d sasha   e simon   ca proc . vldb  
success acts for managers wm williams   rj sternberg unpublished manuscript    
antagonistic and agonistic effects of an extracellular fragment of nectin on formation of e-cadherin t honda   k shimizu   t kawakatsu   m yasumi   t genes to cells   2003.0 
media gallery tvâ ?? view and shop your photos on interactive digital television s thieme   a scherp   m albrecht   s boll proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
margaret robertson and andrew fluck p geographer   t geography geography   2005.0 
comparison of some aspects of bolting mechanisms between fully-grouted resin and tensioned bolts in a yassien   yq zhang   js han   ss peng proc . 21st int &#39; l conference on ground control in mining    
place and society in jane austenâ ?? s england d herbert geography    
the structure of a cultural crisis : thinking about cloth in france before and after the revolution wm reddy see appadurai    
leadership through professional associations . e shelton   wf spikes new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
semantic cache mechanism for heterogeneous web querying b chidlovskii   c roncancio   ml schneider www8 / computer networks   1999.0 
improving quality-of-control using flexible timing constraints : metric and scheduling issues p marti   j fuertes   g fohler   k ramamritham proceedings of the 23rd ieee real-time systems symposium (  
enhancing the connection between literature and the social studies using the questionanswer d ouzts social studies & the young learner   1998.0 
aromatherapy and massage for symptom relief in patients with cancer d fellowes   k barnes   s wilkinson cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
cache-oblivious mesh layouts se yoon   p lindstrom   v pascucci   d manocha   
users vent frustration over oracle crm/erp upgrades ml songini computerworld    
apj t maeshiroâ ? ¦  2004.0 
moral   social   and civic issues in the classroom . children 's literature . b mitchell-powellâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
surface and groundwater monitoring at times beach confined disposal facility   buffalo   new york rp leonard water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
doing what matters most : investing in quality teaching l darling-hammond  1997.0 
hiv/aids community-based research t trussler   r marchand new directions for adult and continuing education   2005.0 
theoretical and experimental research on multi-beam klystron d yaogen   p jun   z yunshu   s shaoming aip conference proceedings   1999.0 
streaming video : a welcome reception j ozer pc magazine    
facets of babylonia : interpretations of the development of the welfare state in greece d sotiropoulos social policy in greece : challenges and prospects   athens : & hellip ;    
quilt : a collaborative tool for cooperative writing m cohen   r fish   r kraut   m leland proc . acm sigois conference    
hierarchical prefix cubes for range-sum queries cy chan   ye ioannidis proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;   1999.0 
developing multimedia applications with the omg streaming framework lf faina   ej oliveira   rcm prado   e cardozo   
in atlas of protein sequence and structure   v. 5   suppl . 3 ( dayhoff   mo   ed . ) . national biochemical mo dayhoff md    
the benefits of mentoring s schulz new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0 
march 1993 . â ?? data management for mobile computingâ ?? t imielinski   br badrinath sigmod  
windows sockets m hillâ ? ¦  1996.0 
how javaâ ?? s floating-point hurts everyone everywhere . june 1998 w kahan   jd darcy unpublished manuscript available at http://http . cs .  
etal.   â ?? an architecture for a relational dataflow machine   â ?? l bit proc . sigmod symp . on small systems    
application of oodb and sgml techniques in text database : an electronic dictionary system j zhang sigmod record   1995.0 
energy ejicient indexing on aiz acm sigmod int t imielinski   s viswanathan   b badrinath conference on management of data    
incident monitoring network nears completion r jackson at   1993.0 
how do prudent laypeople define an emergency medical condition ? - implications for managed care rw derlet   a ledesma journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
cooperative transaction hierarchy : a transaction model to support design applications m nodine   s zdonik proc . of vldb    
classroom assessment : improving learning quality where it matters most . ta angelo new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
diy : build the em optical theremin cr fisher   s wilkinson electronic musician    
therapeutic rationale of plants used to treat dental infections m elvin-lewis see etkin    
comparing hybrid p2p systems b yang   hg molina proc .  
condensation method of demonstrating the ionization of air ctr wilson phil . mag    
â ?? no hairâ ?? : twenty-five years after jd bekenstein proceedings of the second andrei d. sakharov conference in & hellip ;    
the complexity of querying indefinite information about linearly ordered domains r van der meyden proceedings of the 11th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium  
semantic caching of web queries b chidlovskii   um borghoff the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
angular distribution   frequency and absorption of slow single cosmic ray protons s lattimore phil . mag   1949.0 
12th intern . zeolite conf.   baltimore p wagner   si zones   rc medrud   me davis md    
domesticating a crisis : washington newsbeats   human interest stories   and international news in the t cook science research council . seattle   washington    
on the thermoelastic   thermomagnetic and pyro-electric properties of matters w thomson phil . mag    
analysis and design : critical ... yet complicated analysis and design have increased in both l gates application development trends   2001.0 
1987 . analysis of object oriented spatial access methods c faloutsos   t sellis   n roussopoulos proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
gigascope : high performance network monitoring with an sql interface c cranor   y gao   t johnson   v shkapenyuk   o proc . of the 2002 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of  
c. yu . ( 2002 ) . timber : a native xml database hv jagadish   s al-khalifa   a chapman   lvs the vldb  
xmdvtool : visual interactive data exploration and trend discovery of high-dimensional data sets ea rundensteiner   mo ward   j yang   pr doshi sigmod conference   2002.0 
use of integrated air quality management tools in urban areas as an improvement in environmental k karatzas san diego    
routable technology mapping for lut fpgas n bhat   d hill   
population stereotypes : an attempt to measure and define b bergum   j bergum proceedings of the human factors society 25 thanâ nual & hellip ;    
self-localization in large-scale environments for the bremen autonomous wheelchair a lankenau   t rofer   b krieg-bruckner lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
br badrinath data management for mobile computing t imielinski sigmod record    
energy losses of ionizing particles at relativistic velocities in the photographic plate h messel   dm ritson phil . mag   1950.0 
the social construction of international food : a new research agenda a arce   tk marsden economic geography   1993.0 
key-schedule cryptanalysis of idea   g-des   gost   safer   and triple-des j kelsey   b schneier   d wagner lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
smart cards are n't always the smart choice d chadwick   
production of titanium alloy powders r seshadri   r sundaresan   ac raghuram powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ]   bombay   india & hellip ;   1980.0 
peer-to-peer computing : the new old thing jk waters application development trends   2001.0 
australia in transition : cultural diversification and geopolitical reorientation b chalkley   h winchester geography    
stacking-fault energy of ni -- co-cr alloys eh koster   ar tholen   a howie phil . mag    
dis today rc hofer   ml loper proceedings-ieee   1995.0 
kompensationsflug bei der ordnung ephemeroptera bk russev see ref    
bounds on the propagation of selection into logic programs c beeri   p kanellakis   f bancilhon   r ramakrishnan proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1987.0 
primitive rebels ej hobsbawm   
software cultures h tellioglu   i wagner communications-acm   1999.0 
olap   relational   and multidimensional database system g coliat  1996.0 
correctness in access control gj popek   
improving efficiency of peer-to-peer search b yang   h garcia-molina proc . of the 28th intl. conf . on distributed computing & hellip ;    
post-test analysis : a tool for developing students ' metacognitive awareness and self-regulation mv achacoso new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
deep compression for streaming texture intensive animations d cohen-or   y mann   
an experimental system for distributed classroom education p oerbaek computer networks   2000.0 
elementary studies of active flap control with smart material actuators t hongu   m sato   e yamakawa european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
super-selective arteriography of the external carotid artery r djindjian   jj merland   
laboratory methods used for the third national health and nutrition examination survey ( nhanes 1999 + ew gunter   bl lewis   sm koncikowski md    
data streaming algorithms for accurate and efficient measurement of traffic and flow matrices qg zhao   a kumar   j wang   jj xu   
magicbook : transition between reality and virtuality m billinghurst   h kato   i poupyrev  2001.0 
adaptive channel equalization using a polynomial-perceptron structure s chen   gj gibson   cfn cowan   
reasoning about xml schema languages using formal theory d lee   m mani   m murata technical report   ibm almaden research center   rj # 10197   log #  
optimal strategies and utility-based prices converge when agentsâ ?? preferences do l carassus   m rasonyi   
peerstreaming : a practical receiver-driven peer-to-peer media streaming system j li   
verwendung geodã $ tischer abbildungen bei der geocodierung von satellitenbildern kc graf  1988.0 
fatal pancreatitis as a complication of therapy for hiv infection mt pelucio   t rothenhaus   m smith   dj ward journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
the parallel complexity of simple chain queries f afrati   c papadimitriou proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1987.0 
blocking   monotonicity   and turing completeness in a database language for sequences and streams yn law   h wang   c zaniolo submitted for  
an analysis of learned helplessness : continuous changes in performance   strategy   and achievement ci diener   cs dweck journal of personality and social psychology   1978.0 
clinical efficacy and cost effectiveness of a new synthetic polymer sheet wound dressing g motta   l dunham   t dye   j mentz   eo ` connell -   
experimental evidence on the endogenous entry of bidders in internet auctions d lucking-reiley unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
gartner : most it security problems self-inflicted jc perez computerworld    
the mechanics of spring-powered animal traps . / ; ; : chapman . ja : pursley wr newcombe  1981.0 
postpubertal emergence of hyperresponsiveness to stress and to amphetamine after neonatal bk lipska   ge jaskiw   dr weinberger neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
join index hierarchies for supporting efficient navigation in object-oriented databases z xie   j han proc . int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )    
online balancing of range-partitioned data with applications to peer-to-peer systems p ganesan   m bawa   h garcia-molina proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
king county surface water management division kcswd manual seattle   washington    
world ocean atlas 1994   vol . 3   salinity   noaa atlas nesdis   vol . 3   111 pp.   natl. oceanic and s levitus   r burgett   tp boyer md    
achieving zero information-loss in a classical database environment g bhargava   sk gadia vldb   1989.0 
proposing an information flow analysis model to measure memory load for software development tc du   cj lin   cg liu information & software technology   2000.0 
giant molecules : here   there   and everywhere g ayu   ar khokhlov academic   san diego    
semistructued data p buneman proc . of acm podsâ ?? 97    
support for service composition in i3 i stoica   k lakshminarayanan   k wehrle proceedings of acm multimedia   oct    
a modified version of the lewellen and badrinath measure of tobin 's q de lee   jg tompkins financial  
a performance study of sequential i/o on windows nt ã?ã ? 4 e riedel   c van ingen   j gray procs . of  
sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles of database systems sigmod acm pods acm sigmod conference on the management of  
changes   challenges   and the future pa lawler   kp king new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
surfing the nanowaves : progress in understanding the gas-liquid interface . lf phillips acc . chem . res   2004.0 
non-archimedean analysis s bosch   u gã 1/4 ntzer   r remmert  1984.0 
on finite hankel transforms in sneddon phil . mag    
the relational view : cooperative strategy and sources of interorganizational competitive advantage jh dyer   h singh the academy of management review   1998.0 
the r + - tree : a dynamic indexfor multi-dimensionalobjects t sellis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos proc . 13th int . conf . on very large databases ( vldb )    
telephony in the year 2005 j rinde  1999.0 
high resolution ly-î ± observations of comet kohoutek by skylab and copernicus jd bohlin   jf drake   eb jenkins   hu keller study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 
developmental processes of cooperative interorganizational relationships ps ring   ah van de ven the academy of management review   1994.0 
saving the salmon : a history of the us army corps of engineersâ ?? efforts to protect anadromous fish l mighetto   w ebel historical research associates   inc.   seattle   washington    
dbmss on a modern processor : â ?? where does all the time go?â ?? revisited m becker   n mancheril   s okamoto   
rhinocerebral mucormycosis : a case of a rare   but deadly disease-therapy with amphotericin b lipid rg hendrickson   j olshaker   o duckett journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
lg 2001 . soluciones crm : invierta en sus clientes q samaniego pc magazine en  
a service learning research agenda for the next five years de giles jr   j eyler new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
particleboard with different content of releasable formaldehyde : a comparison of the board b sundin proc 21st int particleboard symp   washington    
efficient group signature schemes for large groups j camenisch   m stadler lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
interpreting critical issues : comparing past and modern plagues m zarnowski social studies and the young learner   1997.0 
induced epizootics : protozoa wm brooks see ref    
testing the distribution of nonstationary mri data sj kisner   tm talavage   
functional and inclusion dependencies a graph theoretic approach ss cosmadakis   pc kanellakis proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0 
ibcâ ?? s 2nd annual symposium on exploting enyzme technology for industrial applications x zhu   cm lewis   mc haley   mb bhatia   s pannuri   s san diego   usa    
examining metrics for peer-to-peer reputation systems s marti   h garcia-molina   
'' lc ladder used as broadband prototype for distributed components js seeley submitted for  
guest editors ' introduction : special section on mining and searching the web b liu   s chakrabarti ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
leviathan t hobbes   
disruption-tolerant content-aware video streaming t liu   s nelakuditi proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
user-adaptive exploration of multidimensional data s sarawagi vldb   2000.0 
enrichment of dioxin-dehalogenating bacteria by a two-liquid-phase system with 1   2   3 - m bunge   a wagner   jr andreesen   u lechner   
enhancing e-communities with agent-based systems s case   n azarmi   m thint   
maa   and de culler . parallelism in dataflow programs . computation structures group memo 279 gk arvind  1987.0 
graph-based ranking algorithms for e-mail expertise analysis b dom   i eiron   a cozzi   y zhang   
heuristics for social interactions : how to generate trust and fairness j rieskamp   g gigerenzer submitted for publication    
on the efficient treatment of vertical mixing and chemistry in air pollution modelling pjf berkvens   ma botchev   jg verwer cd-rom procs . 16th imacs world congress    
2 1 stdoe/nrc nuclear air cleaning conference wak plant san diego    
venepuncture versus heel lance for blood sampling in term neonates v shah   a ohlsson cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
acquiring tense in form and meaning l wagner proceedings of the 23rd annual boston university conference & hellip ;    
object identity as a query language primitive sa ak891   p kanellakis proc . acm sigmod symp . on the management of data    
surfi ng wavelets on streams a gilbert   y kotidis   s muthukrishnan   m strauss  2001.0 
on ethics and profâ ?? l responsibility   formal op. 01421 ( 2001 ) . if the insured then refused to aba comm   
streaming with causality : a practical approach c pleå?ca   r grigoraå ?   p quã © innec   g padiou proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
efficient algorithms for discovering association rules h mannila   h toivonen   
fast ridgelet transforms in dimension 2 dl donoho  1997.0 
mhc-dependent mate preferences in humans c wedekind   t seebeck   f bettens   aj paepke proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
determination of a color index for citrus degreening m jimenez-cuesta   j cuquerella   jm martãnez - proc . int . soc . citriculture    
interdisciplinary research : the ncur-lancy awards df lancy new directions for teaching and learning   2003.0 
educational brokerage using standardized metadata and software interfaces l anido   j rodrãguez   m fernã ¡ ndez   m caeiro   j procs . of the uicee 2001 conference ( 2001 )    
statistical methods for environmental pollution monitoring ro gilbert   
enhancing integration through the formalisation of collaboration between hospitals and divisions of b wilson   r popplewell national demonstration hospitals program phase    
herbal medicine in the emergency department : a primer for toxicities and treatment tm moss journal of emergency nursing   1998.0 
a fast way to define system requirements g rush computerworld    
the relation between perception and behavior   or how to win a game of trivial pursuit a dijksterhuis   a van knippenberg journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
aria : an adaptive and programmable media-flow architecture for interactive arts l peng   ks candan   kd ryu   ks chatha   h sundaram proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
efficient incremental evaluation of aggregate values in attribute grammars r hoover   t teitelbaum   
mean-field approaches . experimentally   both membrane dl chapman phil . mag    
fusarium-suppressive soils ta toussoun see ref    
scalable media streaming to interactive users m rocha   m maia   ã ? cunha   j almeida   s campos proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
ingaasp/inp based photonic integrated circuits for optical switching ga fish  1999.0 
â ?? icp-oes determination of ta   nb   fe   ti   sn   mn   and w in indian tantalite-niobate ore g anil   m ramanaji   mrp reddy   a kumar   tl prakash at . spectrosc    
a conservative extension of synchronous data-flow with state machines jl colaã § o   b pagano   m pouzet proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?hierarchical packet fair queueing algorithms   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? jcr bennett   h zhang proc . of acm sigcomm  
world ocean atlas 1994   vol . 4   temperature   noaa atlas nesdis   vol . 4   129 pp.   natl. oceanic and s levitus   tp boyer md    
phonology of the modern greek koini m setatos athens   greece    
gramian factoring wa gibson unpublished  
direct parsing of schema tree adjoining grammars k harbusch   j woch procs . of the sixth international workshop on parsing & hellip ;    
physical and chemical investigations in bering sea and portions of the north pacific ocean ca barnes   tg thompson  1938.0 
the extension   application   and generalization of a phage t7 intracellular growth model l you  2002.0 
ranking world cities : multinational corporations and the global urban hierarchy bj godfrey   y zhou urban geography   1999.0 
determination of cr by gfaas with ca and mg as matrix modifier b gong   y liu at . spectrosc    
teachersâ ?? classroom interactions in ict-based mathematics lessons in m. van den heuvel j monaghan proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference for the & hellip ;    
subdirectly irreducible modes ka kearnes   
e2e umts network simulator for quality of service predictions and network planning optimization r rueda   m gasparroni   i rivas   t kirvar proceedings of xii jornadas telecom i +  
the ordered weighted geometric operator : properties and application f chiclana   f herrera   e herrera-viedma proc   2000.0 
structured prioritized sweeping r dearden   
kevin stannard p geographer   t geography geography   2005.0 
beetlemania j king computerworld    
structure of methyl 2 - ( nitrooxy ) ethyl 1   4-dihydro-2   6-dimethyl-4 - ( 3-nitrophenyl ) -3   5 - t ogawa   k matsumoto   c yokoo acc . chem .  
report on the acm fourth international workshop on data warehousing and olap ( dolap 2001 ) j hammer sigmod record   2002.0 
getting the most from textbooks : making instruction motivating . j wooster social studies and the young learner   1989.0 
adaptive refinement of search patterns for distributed information gathering um borghoff   py chevalier   j willamowski   
improving fault tolerance and supporting partial writes in structured coterie protocols m rabinovich   ed lazowska proc . of the acm sigmod    
the generation of vacancies in metals rs barnes phil . mag    
comparing hierarchical data in external memory ss chawathe proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 
atlas of an insect brain nj strausfeld  1976.0 
taxonomy of time models in databases dho ling   da bell information . software technology   1990.0 
new vistas for adult education pj edelson   pl malone new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0 
correctness of isa hierarchies in object-oriented database schemas . acms anthology   
enhancing self-direction in the adult learner : instructional techniques for teachers and trainers . sb slusarski new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
asnapshot differential refresh algorithm b lindsay   l haas   c mohan proceedings of the acmsigmod international conference on  
facilitative strategies in action tma fuller   ak haugabrook new directions for higher education   2001.0 
adaptive data broadcasting in hybrid networks k stathatos   n roussopoulos   j baras 23rd vws conf.   athens   greece   aug    
explicit control of logic programs through rule algebra t imielinski   s naqvi proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1988.0 
edge dislocations dissociated in { 112 } planes and twinning mechanism of bcc metals k ogawa phil . mag    
climate change and air quality in london . d lee geography   1993.0 
evaluation of an ls-dyna3d model for deep drawing of aluminum sheet pc galbraith   mj finn   sr macewen proceedings of fe-simulation of 3-d sheet metal forming & hellip ;    
a universal constant for simple closed geodesics on compact riemann surfaces h parlier  2004.0 
banc one checks out web : check fraud   account errors targeted with verification service m wagner computerworld    
a most probable path approach to queueing systems with general gaussian input p mannersalo   i norros computer networks   2002.0 
active storage for large-scale data mining and multimedia e riedel   g gibson   c faloutsos vldb   1998.0 
education and training aren â ?? t the same eg mallach computerworld    
fast planning via planning graph analysis a blum   m furst procs . of  
london : the stationery office t advertising   p act isbn    
patterns of knowledge generating networks ' ieeexplore.ieee.org   
a predicate-based caching scheme for client-server database architectures   the vldb journal am keller   j basu   
field and laboratory experiments with iridaea cordata ( florideophyceae ) grown on nylon netting tf mumford jr proc . int . seaweed symp    
vi-4 countermobility tasks vi-9 gce vi-3 explosive ordnance disposal ace engineer   
gangsta rap and adult education tc guy new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
extending the transaction model to capture more meaning m rusinkiewicz   ak elmagarmid   y leu sigmod record   1990.0 
applying the model to a variety of adult learning situations . ds bassett   l jackson new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
effective & efficient document ranking without using a large lexicon y ogawa proceedings of the 22th international conference on very & hellip ;   1996.0 
reasoning about keys for xml p buneman   s davidson   w fan   c hara   wc tan lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
wear and read wear wc hill   jd hollan   d wroblewski   t mccandless proceedings of acm sigchi    
more is not better : brood size and population growth in a self-fertilizing nematode j hodgkin   tm barnes proceedings : biological sciences   1991.0 
how does academic achievement come about : cross-cultural and methodological notes je nurmi   k aunola international journal of educational research   2001.0 
neofields   lj paige  1947.0 
variations in efficiency of nitrogen utilization in tomatoes ( lycopersicon esculentum mill . ) grown j o & apos sullivan  1973.0 
the 1990 solar eclipse as seen by a torsion pendulum ( abstract only ) k ullakko   y liu   z xie oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
localization of grasp representations in humans by positron emission tomography st grafton   ma arbib   l fadiga   g rizzolatti experimental brain research   1996.0 
it 's global itinerary : offshore outsourcing is inevitable j king computerworld    
how infants begin to extract words from speech pw jusczyk   
cooperative transaction hierarchies : transaction support for design applications mh nodine   sb zdonik the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1992.0 
medians and beyond : new aggregation techniques for sensor networks n shrivastava   c buragohain   d agrawal   s suri   
on the correctness of representing extended er structures in the relational model   '' vm markowitz   a soshani proc . of the acm sigmod conf    
sediment acoustics rd stollâ ? ¦  1989.0 
dynamic dataflow analysis . ty chen   pc poole information and software technology   1988.0 
grading cooperative projects ka smith new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
three-layer wirability of planar layouts t gonzalez   sq zheng  1986.0 
the politics of the classroom : toward an oppositional pedagogy . m marcroft new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
i 3 : intelligent   interactive investigation of olap cubes s sarawagi   g sathe proc . of the 2000 acm sigmod intâ ?? l conference on  
the pond : information exploration using an ecosystem metaphor o stã ¥ hl   a wallberg   j sderberg   j humble   le proceedings of acm collaborative virtual environments ( cve )    
dmv disaster js bozman computerworld    
the p operator : discovering and ranking on the semantic web k anyanwu   a sheth sigmod record   2002.0 
declarative data cleaning : language   model h galhardas   d florescu   d shasha   e simon   c and algorithms . technical report   inria    
academic leadership . tm hesburgh new directions for higher education   1988.0 
o2   an object oriented data model . in proc c lecluseâ ? ¦ acm sigmod    
measurement of the human perception of noise and vibration aimed to define a general comfort index a conocilio   a sorrentino   f cenedese european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
web grammars jl pfalz   a rosenfeld procs of 1st international joint conference on  
airway difficulties caused by improperly applied cricoid pressure am ho   w wong   e ling   dc chung   ba tay journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
lossless and nearly lossless compression for high quality images mj gormish   el schwartz   af keithâ ? ¦  1997.0 
identification of human faces aj goldstein   ld harmon   ab lesk proc . ieee    
an architecture for in-internet hybrid services ca licciardi   g canal   a andreetto   p lago computer networks   2001.0 
gigascope : high performance network monitoring with an sql interface . demonstration c cranor   y gao   t johnson   v shkapenyuk   o proc . acm sigmod 2002    
schedulingreal-time transactions : a performance evaluation rah garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems    
fine structure of capillary and endocapillary layer as revealed by ruthenium red jh luft fed proc   1966.0 
the human factors of speech-based interfaces : a research agenda jh bradford acm sigchi bulletin   1995.0 
search engines   spiders   and web crawlers m schwartz computerworld    
â ?? the magnetic and electric deviation of the easily absorbed rays from radium e rutherford phil . mag    
ex vivo and in vitro models in acetaminophen hepatotoxicity studies . relationship between s ellouk-achard   v levesse   c martin   c pham-huy archives of toxicology-supplement -   1994.0 
fault-tolerant   load-balancing queries in telegraph ma shah   s chandrasekaran proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2001.0 
investigation of the suppression of the narrow channel effect in deep sub-micron extigate a burenkov   k tietzel   j lorenz   h ryssel   u proc . 29th eur . solid-state device research conf . ( essderc )    
caterpillars : a context specification technique   1999 a bruggemann-klein   d wood submitted for  
code ( version 1 )   us department of energy   germantown b parks   pc cap88 md   1988.0 
enhancing critical thinking skills in the workplace tt wojcik new directions for higher education   1996.0 
attain testability with hierarchical design . gm murie electronic design   1991.0 
understanding uml : a formal semantics of concurrency and communication in real-time uml w damm   b josko   a pnueli   a votintseva lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
oodb bulk loading revisited : the partitioned-list approach jl wiener   jf naughton proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
negation and aggregates in recursive rules : the ldl + + approach c zaniolo   n arni   k ong lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 
haixun wang adn carlo zaniolo . query languages and data models for database sequences and data yn law vldb 2004   proceedings of 30th int . conference on very large  
inc. 2003 chm hill psta research and demonstration project  
assessing effectiveness in the collaborative classroom sf cramer new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
using attribute certificates to implement role-based authorization r oppliger   g pernul   c strauss submitted for  
experience based sampling technique for multimedia analysis j wang   ms kankanhalli   
g   calvert jm   hay ka and lees dg 1973 dg barnes phil . mag    
cognitive learning strategies and college teaching ce weinstein   dk meyer new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
solo   together   apart : evaluating modes of cscl for learning a problem solving task t wright   a cockburn   
the condition number of the pagerank problem sd kamvar   th haveliwala   
statistics of random processes ii r liptser   rs liptser   r lipster   a shiryaev   a  2000.0 
experience in building a cooperative distributed organization : lessons for cooperative buildings g fitzpatrick   s kaplan   s parsowith lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
a general linear time evaluator for attribute grammars f jalili acm sigplan notices   1983.0 
individual predictions of eye-movements with dynamic scenes e barth   j drewes   t martinetz   
keys for xml . p buneman   sb davidson   w fan   cs hara   wc tan computer networks   2002.0 
anger and frontal brain activity : eeg asymmetry consistent with approach motivation despite negative e harmon-jones   jjb allen journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
personality in synthetic actors d rousseau   b hayes-roth technical report ksl 96-21   stanford university  
point-based surface decomposition and patch selection based on level set methods c xiao   q peng   
user adaptive exploration of olap data cubes s sarawagi proc . vldb  
a utility framework for the automatic generation of audio-visual skims h sundaram   l xie   sf chang   
factorization methods for discrete sequential estimation academic press g bierman san diego    
from stack inspection to access control : a security analysis for libraries t blanc   
three methods used to solve an examination timetable problem jp boufflet   s negre lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
matching creativity requirements and the work environment : effects on satisfaction and intentions to ce shalley   ll gilson   tc blum academy of management journal   2000.0 
mapp2200   a second generation smart optical sensor r forchheimer   p ingelhag   c jansson proc . spie   1992.0 
putting it together . k mcgrory new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
real-time concurrent collection on stock multiprocessors aw appel   jr ellis   k li   
page 419 in physics computing 1992   de groot ra and nadrchal j.   eds . ( world scientific   singapore k nagel j. phys . i france    
using classroom research in a large introductory science class . j olmstedâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
chapman & hill   new york   london   etc ms waterman   
thrombolysis for acute deep vein thrombosis li watson   mp armon cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
classroom 2000 : a system for capturing and accessing multimedia classroom experiences   acm chi ' 98   g abowd   j brotherton   j bhalodia demonstration  
methemoglobinemia secondary to cleaning solution ingestion l freeman   rw wolford journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
how would i feel if ... ? mood as input to a role fulfillment evaluation process ll martin   t abend   c sedikides   jd green journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
spotfire : an information exploration environment c ahlberg sigmod record   1996.0 
the sparking potential of air for high frequency discharges ewb gill   rh donaldson phil . mag    
modelling the case process : empirical issues and future directions s king   r galliers information and software technology   1994.0 
influence of the intermediate principal stress on mechanical properties of a sand s ogawa   s mitsui   o takemure proc . 29th annual meeting of jsce   part    
physics-motivated features for distinguishing photographic images and computer graphics tt ng   sf chang   j hsu   l xie   mp tsui proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
mapping politics : how context counts in electoral geography j agnew political geography   1996.0 
implications of pocket optimization on analog performance in deep sub-micron cmos rfm roes   a van brandenburg   ah montree   ph proc . 29th eur . solid-state device research conf    
designing clusters with infiniband : early experience with mellanox technology j liu   j wu   dk panda   c shamir submitted for  
integrated urban air quality control and management l kliucininkas international conference ecological technology and & hellip ;    
hill   and da wood . dbmss on a modern processor : where does time go in ag adhw   dj ailamaki   md dewitt proceedings of the international conference on very large  
the grazing land ecosystems of the african sahel hn le houã © rou  1989.0 
helen griffee p geographer   t geography geography   2005.0 
entropy interpretation of active and passive learning controllers fa casiello   ka loparo submitted for  
teaching experimental science : enzymes and the laboratory . jm foster new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
packing schemes for gang scheduling dg feitelson lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
emergency department compression ultrasound to diagnose proximal deep vein thrombosis bw frazee   er snoey   a levitt journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
leisure-time physical activity among us adults j crespo   s keteyian   g heath journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
structuring principles of the communication architecture of open systems - a systematic approach hj burkhardt   s schindler computer networks    
an alternative storage organization for rolap aggregate views based on cubetrees y kotidis   n roussopoulos sigmod conference   1998.0 
implementing total quality management : an overview jr jablonski  1991.0 
phone recognition using a transition-controlled   segment-based dp/mlp hybrid j verhasselt   jp martens   
extremely fast ip used to delineate buried landfills nr carlson   cm mayerle   kl zonge procs . 5 theegs meeting   5-9 september 1999   budapest    
p.   r.   morris   jh : flexible diff-ing in a collabortive writing system cm neuwirth   k chandhok   e sd procs . acm 1992 conference on computer supported cooperative & hellip ;    
a dbms prototype to surt extended nf2-relations : an integrated view on fiat tables and hierarchies p dadam   k kuspert   f anderson   h blanken   r erbe   proc . of a cm/sigmod    
the diverse campus : broadening our ideal to incorporate all voices aj kezar new directions for higher education   1999.0 
a correspondence problem in laser guided navigation k astrom proceedings of symposium on image analysis   editors d. & hellip ;    
brobst   and gk maa . evaluation of the mit taggcd-token dataflow architecture . computation structures sa arvind  1987.0 
bulk loading revisited jl wiener   jf naughton proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;    
the statistical analysis of failure time data jd kalbeisch   rl prentice new york    
storyof programming languages tj bergin jr   rg gibson jr  1996.0 
studieson loxothylacustexanus jg ragan   ba matherne  1974.0 
smallconnection : designing of tangible communication media over networks h ogawa   n ando   s onodera proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
thermostable   salt-tolerant î ± - amylase from bacillus sp m jana   b pati   
electronuclear energy amplifiers with low-energy proton beams vs barashenkov   ia shelaev at .  
estudo da evoluã § ã # o da produtividade total dos fatores da economia brasileira : 1950-2000 v gomes   m lisboa   s pessoa unpublished manuscript    
average properties of energetic ions in different parts of the cusp/cleft region ( abstract only ) k mursula   g kremser   b wilken proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
hybrid meshes i guskov   a khodakovsky   p schroder submitted for publication   2001.0 
design of an external schema facility to define and process recursive structures ek clemons acm transactions on database systems   1981.0 
other-regarding preferences : egalitarian warm glow   empathy   and group size d stahl   e haruvy unpublished manuscript   2002.0 
g and foxon ct b 1966 jg rider phil . mag    
effective change detection using sampling ( extended version ) j cho   a ntoulas technical report   ucla computer science department    
the company earned usd11   039 in securities lending income for the year ended 31 december 2003 sl income as at    
regulation of nitrate and nitrite reductases in dinitrogen-fixing cyanobacteria and nifâ ?? mutants j martãn - nieto   a herrero   e flores archives of microbiology   1989.0 
generating spanning trees more quickly than the cover time db wilson proc . 28th acm symp    
identity as a query language primitive s abiteboul   p kanellakis proc . sigmod   portland   oregon    
making your programs work together m miller pc magazine    
evolution of a virtual community : understanding design issues through a longitudinal study a malhotra   s gosain   a hars   
non-deterministic dataflow programming ajcjr curd   cc kirkham proc . 6th acm european  
understanding the semantics of sensor data m mani acm sigmod record   2003.0 
the london docklands-redevelopment schemes in the 1980s s page geography    
thesociologicalimagination cw mills  1959.0 
nearly insensitive bounds on smart scheduling a wierman   m harchol-balter   t osogami   
web privacy with p3p   1 stedition   at & t lf cranor  2002.0 
generating user interface prototypes from scenarios m elkoutbi   i khriss   rk keller   
on the uniform word problem for commutative context-free grammars j esparza submitted for publication    
discourse-pragmatic dynamism in nuu-chah-nulth ( nootka ) morphosyntax t nakayama  1997.0 
basis functions used in 3-d moments method code to solve wire-surface junction problems v gobin & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatibility   zurich   switzerland   mar. & hellip ;   1991.0 
aggm   & tokunaga t me  1995.0 
learning from practice : learning to see what matters in program planning al wilson   rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
introduction : geography matters d massey geography matters   1984.0 
responses to different quantum flux densities o bjã ¶ rkmanâ ? ¦ encyclopedia of plant physiology   1981.0 
transformative learning as a professional development goal p cranton   kp king new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
change management in heterogeneous semistructured databases s chawathe   v gossain   x liu   j widom   s abiteboul  1997.0 
base deficit level indicating major injury is increased with ethanol cm dunham   la watson   c cooper journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
comparison of zeus data with standard model predictions for e ^ + pâ ?? e ^ + x scattering at high x and q ^ 2 j breitweg et al zeitschrift fã 1/4 r physik c particles and fields   1997.0 
a characterization of globally consistent databases and their correct access paths y sagiv acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
loading databases using dataflow parallelism j grayâ ? ¦ sigmod record    
synthetic force simulation fidelity e harvey engineering  
dynamic rebinding for marshalling and update   with destruct-time lambda g bierman   m hicks   p sewell   g stoyle   k   
r and gray as shibli   f viswanathan d. ed : proceedings   seminar on cyclic operation of power plant -  
trex : dtd-conforming xml to xml transformations a zhou   q wang   z guo   x gong   s zheng   h wu   j   
a hierarchical model of approach and avoidance achievement motivation aj elliot   ma church journal of personality and social psychology    
different patterns of fore-hindlimb coordination during overground locomotion in cats with ventral t bem   t gã ³ rska   h majczyå?ski   w zmyså?owski experimental brain research   1995.0 
otros ( 1.994 ) : pedagogãa e lã ³ pez-barajas experimental  
a womanâ ?? s place l mcdowell   d massey geography matters    
the alphaslider : a rapid and compact selector c ahlberg   b shneiderman proc . acm chi &#39; 94 conference    
species sampling models j pitman unpublished manuscript    
decentralized coordination of transactional processes in peer-to-peer environments k haller   c tã 1/4 rker proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
editors of protein folding jr winkler   hb gray acc . chem . res    
a generation transformation scheme for consistency maintenance in real-time cooperative editing cz sun   x jia   y zhang   y yang proceedings of international acm siggroup conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
simulated virtual market place by using voiscape communication medium y kanada proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
developing and responding to major writing projects aj herrington new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
vist : a dynamic index method for querying xml data structures h wang   s park   w fan   ps yu proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
w   1987 . on the correctness of orphan elimination algorithms in proceedings of the 17th ieee m herlihy   n lynch   m merritt   w anii mit/lcs   ztm-329   mit laboratory - for computer sc   ence    
high frequency of htlv-iii antibodies among heterosexual intravenous drug abusers in the austrian d fuchs   hg blecha   f deinhardt   mp dierich   fd lancet i   1985.0 
streaming technology in 3g mobile communication systems i elsen   
colonic involvement in salmonellosis bk mandal   v mani lancet i   1976.0 
macrolides for chronic asthma l richeldi   g ferrara   l fabbri   pg gibson cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
postgres-r   a new way to implement database replication b kemme   g alonso   bc do n't be lazy proceedings of the 26th international conference on very  
forthcoming rh leech excavations  
self-injurious behaviour : from response to strategy c oliver research to practice    
hmso bp london   
agm : a dataflow database machine . l bic   rl hartmann acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 
towards the support of integrated views of multiple databases : an aggregate schema facility d swartwout   jp fry   
human emotions ce izard  1977.0 
the geometry of graphs and some of its algorithmic applications n linial   e london   y rabinovich combinatorica   1995.0 
understanding self-regulated learning pr pintrich new directions for teaching and learning   1995.0 
the nuclear shell model klg heyde  1990.0 
allogeneic vascularized transplantation of human femoral diaphyses and total knee joints-first go hofmann   mh kirschner   fd wagner   l brauns   o transplantation proceedings   1998.0 
california bill would put cap on year 2000 damages t hoffman computerworld    
residential workshops g bersch   j fleming new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
gaining support from external constituencies through strengthened public service jb noftsingerâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   1996.0 
indexing on air t imieliå?ski   s viswanathan   br badrinath proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
visual information seeking : tight coupling of dynamic query filters with f : a ; $ 17 displays c ahlberg   b shneiderman proc . acm sigchi â ?? 94    
meiotic behaviours of chromosomes and microtubules in budding yeast : relocalization of centromeres a hayashi   h ogawa   k kohno   sm gasser   y hiraoka genes to cells   1998.0 
collision-free accumulators and fail-stop signature schemes without trees n baric   b pfitzmann lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension vl ldegpwww   p dadam   r erbe   j guenauer   p pistor proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
biologic and geologic characteristics of cold seeps in monterey bay   california jp barry   hg greene   dl orange   ch baxter   bh   
the impact of freshman year academic success on student persistence and bachelorâ ?? s degree b xiao & hellip ; for institutional research annual forum   seattle   washington    
into the demon universe : a literary exploration of oscar wilde . . cs nassaar  1972.0 
a star-shaped ring network with high maintainability jh saltzer   kt pogran computer networks   1980.0 
footstrike patterns during running over obstacles of different heights sd scholten   n stergiou   j houser   d blanke proceedings of the 23rd meeting of the american society of & hellip ;    
different regimes in the ehrlich-schwoebel instability p politi j. phys . i france   1997.0 
experimental studies of deposition by debris flows : process   characteristics of deposits   and jj major seattle   university of washington    
breast implants revisited : beyond science on trial rs dresser   we wagner   pc giannelli wisconsin law review   1997.0 
reconfiguring the leadership envelope : teaching and administration . jf donaldson new directions for adult and continuing education   1992.0 
managerial ties and firm performance in a transition economy : the nature of a micro-macro link mw peng   y luo academy of management journal   2000.0 
a predicate-based caching scheme for client-server database architectures   '' third intl am keller   j basu conference on parallel and distributed information systems   & hellip ;    
health effects of air pollution episodes hr anderson see ref    
cooperative modeling in applied geographic research g alonso   a el abbadi  1994.0 
a processing interface for multiple external schema access to a data base management system ag dale   cv yurkanan vldb    
let 's work together : sharing the burden of systems support . j stone computerworld.   1982.0 
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension . sigmod 84   boston ma   june 1984 v lum   p dadam   r erbe   j guenauer   p pistor   g sigmod record    
mining database structure ; or   how to build a data quality browser t dasu   t johnson   s muthukrishnan   v shkapenyuk sigmod conference   2002.0 
managing video data in a mobile environment r alonso   yl chang   l iftode sigmod record   1995.0 
how faithfully should the electronic office simulate the real one j johnson acm sigchi bulletin   1987.0 
a controlled experiment on the understandability of different requirements specification styles e kamsties   a von knethen   r reussner procs of  
the theory of the formal method bm ejxenbaum see ref    
replacement tracer agents for the in-place leak testing of adsorbers in nats jr pearsonâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 23rd doe/nrc air cleaning  
identifying traits with formal concept analysis a lienhard   s ducasse   g arã © valo proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
attitudinal and normative variables as predictors of specific behaviors i ajzen   m fishbein journal of personality and social psychology    
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems ( extended ) b yang   h garcia-molina 27th international conference on very large data bases   rome & hellip ;    
l : a subset of common lisp ra brooks  1993.0 
timber : a native xml database h jagdishâ ? ¦ acm  
requiem for large-scale models db lee jr acm sigsim simulation digest   1975.0 
hierarchical packet fair queing algorithms jcr bennett   h zhang proceedings of acm  
mnemonics used for patient assessment js halpern journal of emergency nursing   1994.0 
md ; barry mandell   md ; p. wesley mullen . md ; barry roper . md ; garth stevens   . jr wd kiser   
badrinath   â ?? energy efficient indexing on airâ ?? t imilienski   s vishwanathan proceedings sigmod    
guest editors note r alt   hd zimmermann electronic markets    
human physiology : the mechanisms of body function ( 8âª ed . )   new york   mc graw hill a vander   j sherman   d luciano  2001.0 
centralized concurrency control methods for high-end tp . a thomasian sigmod record   1991.0 
sampling large databases for association mining h toivonen proc . 22nd int &#39; l conf . very large databases    
chain extension of sugar î ´ - lactones with the enolate of tert-butyl bromoacetate and elaboration f schweizer   t inazu acc . chem . res   1995.0 
access path support for referential integrity in sql2 t hã $ rder   j reinert the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
vaginal pessary-induced mechanical bowel obstruction rj roberge   c keller   m garfinkel journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
n. and chandrasekaran   b. complexity in classificatory reasoning ga soubdarajan proceedings of aaai ( seattle washington   july 13-18   1987 )  
end-user based collaboration and fairness in open spectrum systems h zheng   c peng microsoft research asia technical  
understanding siblingconcepts : a developmental study of kin terms in zinacantan pm greenfield   cp childs see ref    
separation of variables and the efficient computation of fourier transforms on finite groups   i d maslen   d rockmore submitted for  
a constraint-based tool for the pagination of yellow-page directories wh graf   s neurohr   r goebel procs . of ki96 workshop on declarative constraint & hellip ;    
pharmacologic management of hypertensive crisis in the emergency department jj foley journal of emergency nursing   1994.0 
towards a cooperative activity model-the coopertive activity model m rusinkiewicz   w klas   t tesch   j wasch   p muth proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;    
discovering all most specific sentences by randomized algorithms . acms anthology   
tissue concentrations of clozapine and its metabolites in the rat rj baldessarini   f centorrino   jg flood   sa neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
lynx life extension activities in the royal netherlands navy jg van der horst   l melissant european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
activation policies in the nordic countries : social democratic universalism under pressure h johansson journal of european area studies   2001.0 
managers as initiators of trust : an exchange relationship framework for understanding managerial em whitener   se brodt   ma korsgaard   jm werner the academy of management review   1998.0 
report on the ifcifoundation : 8 thannual risk management roundtable p blum  2002.0 
does coping help cm aldwin   ta revenson journal of personality and social psychology    
parallel processing : a smart compiler and a dumb machine ja fisher   jr ellis   a nicolau   
resolution approchee du probleme de set packing bi-objectifs x delorme   x gandibleux   f degoutin   
video transmission using 3d wavelet transforms as lewis   g knowles electronic letters    
igra 0   elperin t   editors . handbook of shock waves : theoretical   experimental   and numerical g ben-dor san diego : academic    
r   bagrodia   a. lee   and m. gerla   â ?? impact of channel models on simulation of large scale wireless m takai proceedings of acm/ieee  
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases s englert   pj weinberger   
the recovery of dielectric strength of sf and air h oohashi   jw spencer   gr jones proc . 21st int . conf . phenomena in ionised gas    
on the approximation of solutions of stochastic differential equations of elliptic type i gyongy   t martä ± nez   
efficient memory-reference checks for real-time java a corsaro   rk cytron   
the large deflection of simply supported beams hd conway phil . mag    
a multiview video transcoder b bai   j harms proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
female fitness in drosophila melanogaster : an interaction between the effect of nutrition and of t chapman   l partridge proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
digital services in mobile computing b bhargava   m annamalai   e pitoura acm sigmod record    
pulmonary venous air embolism following accidental patient laceration of a hemodialysis catheter - iy tien   mj drescher journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
md 1979 stephen g. osofsky gc thrall md    
experimental study of 3-d contactless conductivity detection using microwave radiometry : a possible is karanasiou   nk uzunoglu   
construction of l-lysine-overproducing strains of brevibacterium lactofermentum by targeted c fernã ¡ ndez-gonzã ¡ lez   ja gil   lm mateos   a applied microbiology and biotechnology   1996.0 
dynamic voting for consistent primary components in proceedings of 16th acm symposium of principles d dolev   i keidar   e lotem santa barbara   california    
approximate frequency counts over data streams gs manku   r motwani vldb   2002.0 
the partitioned-list approach jl wiener   jf naughton   obl revisited proceedings of the 21th international conference on very  
computer-supported cooperative work : its history and participation j grudin ieee computer    
of the office of extension work in the south   noted   â ?? in many cases incomes must be increased b knapp   me cresswell see â ?? the effect of home demonstration work on the & hellip ;    
generating dance verbs and assisting computer choreography cm hsieh   a luciani proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
classroom computing mj miller pc magazine   november    
stdoe/nrc nuclear air cleaning conference fj herrmann   v motoi   b herrmann   a sctloor   d san diego    
lucid synchrone   a functional extension of lustre p caspi   m pouzet submitted for publication   2000.0 
autotrophic co 2 fixation in acetobacterium woodii g eden   g fuchs archives of microbiology   1983.0 
enhancing ambulatory surgical services : reforming referral processes   outpatient management and pre - c mirco   
a heartbeat mechanism and its application in gigascope t johnson   s muthukrishnan   v shkapenyuk   o   
water quality problems in baltic coastal waters : the odra river as a source of human pathogenic g schernewski   t huttula   wd jã 1/4 lich   v podsechin     
adaptive data broadcast in hybrid networks k stathotos   n roussopoulos   js baras proceedings of the 23rd  
an agenda for human-computer interaction : science and engineering serving human needs g marchionini   j sibert acm sigchi bulletin   1991.0 
work allocation challenges and solutions in a large-scale work management environment r laithwaite bt technology journal   1995.0 
settlement renaming in turkish cyprus ' s ladbury   r king geography    
durability gap analysis for fiber-reinforced polymer composites in civil infrastructure vm karbhari   jw chin   d hunston   b benmokrane   t   
mobile computing and databases : an ything new ?   '' mh dunham   a helal sigmod  
electronic payment systems pa putland   j hill   d tsapikidis bt technology journal   1997.0 
frequency and power windowing in tissue interactions with weak electromagnetic fields wr adey ieee   proceedings   1980.0 
applied statistics : a handbook of techniques l sachs  1982.0 
improved current-gain cutoff frequency and high gain-bandwidth amplifiers in transferred-substrate d mensa  1999.0 
the conference control channel protocol ( cccp ) : a scalable base for building conference applications m handley   i wakeman   j crowcroft proc . acm  
measuring endogamy ak romney see ref    
predicting bottleneck bandwidth sharing by generalized tcp flows a misra   t ott   j baras computer networks   2002.0 
simulation design of a multiprocessing system ra merikallio   fc holland proc . afips    
session management in broadcast networks with dynamic addresses o sharon   a segall computer networks   1999.0 
control and information in the intrapersonal sphere : an extension of cognitive evaluation theory rm ryan journal of personality and social psychology    
computing the least common subsumer and the most specific concept in the presence of cyclic aln - f baader   r kuesters lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
effect of lexical frequency on spoken-word recognition using eye movements d dahan   js magnuson   mk tanenhaus submitted for  
mondrian : system for automatic generation of dataflow diagrams jb tremblay information and software technology   1989.0 
decision by rules : disassociation between preferences and willingness to act o amir   d ariely unpublished manuscript   2003.0 
warping indexes with envelope transforms for query by humming y zhu   d shasha sigmod conference   2003.0 
techniques and experiments illustrating drug metabolism gg gibson   p skett introduction to drug metabolism    
calculating the heat-transfer crisis in steam generators heated by sodium pl kirillov   vf titov   ns smirnovâ ? ¦ at .  
fabrication and properties of n-channel sige/si modulation doped field-effect transistors grown by h daembkes   hj herzog   h jorke   h kibble   e kasper proc . int . electron devices meeting    
preferences in human mate selection dm buss   m barnes journal of personality and social psychology   1986.0 
boundary-layer transition on a swept cylinder y kohama   m ukaku   f ohta proc . int . conf . fluid mech    
an observational study of how objects support engineering design thinking and communication : m breretron   b mcgarry proceedings   acm press    
mate choice   male quality   and carotenoid-based plumage coloration ge hill proc int ornithol congr   1999.0 
generating embedded software from hierarchical hybrid models r alur   f ivancic   j kim   i lee   o sokolsky   
mund : a methodology for the simulation of boolean logic r rivest   m blum   m watanabe proceedings of vldb    
zhao-x ; castelluccia-c ; baker-m x zhao proc . ieee/acm  
relations between mean doppler velocity and radar reflectivity factor ( ( for air motions during pt willis conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
how effective are different welfare-to-work approaches ? five-year adult and child impacts g hamilton   s freedman   l gennetian   c  2001.0 
conceptual database modeling skill acquisition : impact of cooperative versus individual learning b bordoloi   sd ryan   
supporting multimedia streaming between mobile peers with link availability prediction m qin   r zimmermann   ls liu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
g.   de la hoz   l. y selgas ja ordã?ã?ez   mi cambero   l fernã?ndez   ml garcã?a md    
smart cards the better way to pay : after a ten year struggle for acceptance   smart cards areâ ® nally m alexander computerworld    
the global pairwise approach to radiation hybrid mapping r tibshirani   l lazzeroni   t hastie   a olshen   d   
lisalearning jm carroll   sa mazur   
pegasus : flight departure/arrival/gate information system s seneff   j polifroni   p schmid  1998.0 
preferences for food labels : a discrete choice approach . ja caswell   & cotterill ronald w.   ( eds . )   mf teisl   ne bockstael   a levy md    
pulmonary pathology dh dail   sp hammar  1993.0 
modeling and composing service-based and reference process-based multi-enterprise processes h schuster   d georgakopoulos   a cichocki   d baker lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
navajo education in action : the rough rock demonstration school ra roesselâ ? ¦  1977.0 
how to balance real and nominal convergence ? the case of poland p durajsz  2001.0 
topology control for wireless video surveillance networks j pan   yt hou   l cai   y shi   sx shen proceedings of acm mobicom  
curriculum recommendations for the undergraduate program in computer science : a working report of rh austing   bh barnes   dt bonnette   gl engel   g acm sigcse bulletin   1977.0 
institutional research d olsen new directions for higher education   2000.0 
synthesis of kinematic and thermodynamic fields at cloud base from systematic thunderstorm inflow jc fankhauser conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;   1984.0 
winter food preferences of snowshoe hares ( lepus americanus ) in interior alaska dr klein proc . int . congr . game biol    
an expressive model for comparing tree-structured data ss chawathe   h garcia-molina   
riding the crest of a protest wave ? collective action frames in the gay liberation movement   1969 - s valocchi mobilization-san diego -   1999.0 
e cient 3-d searching in external memory de vengro   js vitter proc . 28th stoc    
an experimental study on organic solderability preservative y li   
on the correlation between code coverage and software reliability f del frate   p garg   ap mathur   a pasquini   
toward an ontology-enhanced information filtering agent km sim sigmod record   2004.0 
rockville usp xxiii md    
algorithms and programming models for efficient representation of xml for internet applications n sundaresan   r moussa computer networks   2002.0 
the distribution of calcium in undecalcified bone as revealed by an improved pyro-antimonate method s kawamata the histochemical journal   1992.0 
place g ( 2000 ) learning objects : communicating the pedagogical potential g hepburn procs of ed media    
and wilson eg 1981a k donovan phil . mag    
detailed information about parasites revealed by sexual ornamentation c wedekind proceedings : biological sciences   1992.0 
topics of interest in is : comparing academic journals with the practitioner press s gosain   z lee   i im   
peer response to low stakes writing in a wac literature classroom me sargent new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
space-time adaptive processing for airborne radar data systems j ward technical report 1015   massachusetts inst . of technology lincoln  
m & m-query : database support for the annotation and retrieval of biological research articles k baclawski   n fridman proc . acm sigmod conference   1993.0 
function-theoretic principles of program understanding m pleszkoch   
study circles : individual growth through collaborative learning . lp oliver new directions for adult and continuing education   1992.0 
eps-2003-031-org t van willigenburg   
mutual dependencies and some results on undecomposable relations jm nicolas vldb   1978.0 
browser helper objects : the browser the way you want it d esposito microsoft corporation    
the impact of employee communication and perceived external prestige on organizational a smidts   
the scramble for africa t pakenham  1992.0 
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems b yang   h garcia-molina proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
consistency in transcription and labelling of german intonation with gtobi m grice   m reyelt   j mayer   a batliner   
discovering all most specific sentences by randomized algorithms extended abstractâ ''   rapport   1997 d gunopulos   h manila   s saluja academy of  
editorsâ ?? notes l yorks   e kasl new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
ministerâ ?? s warning over internet porn r uhlig electronic telegraph    
radiation characteristics of spent nuclear fuel and wastes using nonaqueous reprocessing methods eo adamov   ba gabaraev   ik ganevâ ? ¦ at .  
ecosystem processes component level 1 interpretive report no. 10 . chesapeake biological laboratory ( wr boynton   wm kemp   jm barnes   ll matteson   fm md    
fas-induced apoptosis   and diseases caused by its abnormality s nagata genes to cells   1996.0 
processor allocation strategies for multiprocessor database machines h boral   dj dewitt acm transactions on database systems   1981.0 
easing the transition to an rbrvs-based physician compensation system pp louiselle   
large-scale structures in rayleighâ ?? benard convection and flow over waves a gunther  2001.0 
efficient portability across memory hierarchies g bilardi   e peserico unpublished manuscript    
progress in crystal physics ( s. viswanathan   madras   1958 ) rs krishnan vol .  
defects in spinel crystals grown by the verneuil process mh lewis phil . mag    
the social psychology of creativity tm amabile  1983.0 
thermodynamic and kinetic analyses for understanding sequence-specific dna recognition m oda   h nakamura genes to cells   2000.0 
integrated placement/routing in sliced layouts aa szepieniec proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
surfing wavelets on streams : one-pass summaries for approximate aggregate queries ac gilbert   y kotidis   s muthukrishnan   m strauss vldb   2001.0 
characterizing strong normalization in a language with control operators d dougherty   s ghilezan   p lescanne   
role and place of gas-cooled reactors in the structure of nuclear power production ai kiryushin   nn ponomarev-stepnoi   es glushkovâ ? ¦ at .  
do n't be lazy   be consistent : postgres-r   a new way to implement database replication b kemme   g alonso vldb   2000.0 
it agenda 2004 : which technologies will it leaders put to the test this year m brandel computerworld    
connecting on the net j hill   j ozer   t mace pc magazine    
the growth of the firm in planned economies in transition : institutions   organizations   and mw peng   ps heath the academy of management review   1996.0 
the enlightenment   an interpretation ; the rise of modern paganism . p gay  1966.0 
â ?? personality in interactive computer characters : the importance of consistency k isbister unpublished  
using the vi architecture to build distributed multithreaded runtime systems : a case study l bougã ©   jf mã © haut   r namyst   l prylli proc . 2000 acm symposium on applied  
the specific heat of graphi below 90 k ' u bergenlid   rw hill   fj webb   j wilks phil . mag    
towards ilp-based learning of attribute path values in typed-unification grammars . 2002 l ciortuz   
comparing software development methods : an example jr cameron   a campbell   pt ward information and software technology   1991.0 
a method for retrieving music data with different bit rates using mpeg-4 twinvq audio compression m kobayakawa   m hoshi   k onishi proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
the sea surface temperature changing trend of the last 40 years in the lei-qiong sea area k yu tropical geography   2000.0 
american dictionary of the english language ( 1st ed . 1828 ) republished by foundation for american n webster see  
collaborative knowledge building by smart sensors vm bove   j mallett bt technology journal   2004.0 
the earthquake behavior of plywood sheathed shearwalls . wg stewart   ja dean   aj carr proc.   int . conf . on timber engineering    
compromising statistical databases responding to queries about means . w de jonge acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
strauss : a specification miner g ammons  2003.0 
formal syntax and semantics of a reconstructed relational database system d jonsson sigmod record   1992.0 
multimedia in action   wordsworth-itp   1998 je shuman   
warping indexes with envelope transforms for query by humming . sigmod y zhu   d shasha appendix a. experiment results ( section 4.2 )    
mondrian/system for automatic generation of dataflow diagrams lb protsko   pg sorenson   jp tremblay information and software technology    
supporting a knowledge based software information system with a large code database pg selfridge   rj brachman kbms workshop   national conference on artificial & hellip ;    
faculty development : working together to improve teaching and learning lg dotolo new directions for higher education   1999.0 
mitgcm release 1 manual a adcroft   jm campin   p heimbach   c hill   j  2002.0 
the r + - trees : a dynamic index for multidimensional objects [ j ] in proc . of intl tk sellis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos conf . on very large databases ( vldb )    
big merger year leaves out it j king computerworld    
how seductive details do their damage : a cognitive theory of interest in science learning sf harp  1997.0 
paula richardson p geographer   t geography geography   2005.0 
classroom teaching behaviors related to college teaching effectiveness . hg murray new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0 
geography   will it absolve cuba ? l martãnez - fernã ¡ ndez   
processing real-time aggregate relational queries in case-db wc hou   g ozsoyoglu acm trans . database systems    
pamela space mission : the transition radiation detec-tor m ambriola   r bellotti   f cafagna   m circella   c   
are quorums an alternative for database replication r jimenez-peris   m patino-martinez   b kemme   g acm trans . on database systems    
experiments on access to digital libraries : how can images and text be used together m lesk proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
cytologic diagnosis of fat emboli in peripheral blood during sickle cell infarctive crisis kh van hoeven   jl wanner   sk ballas   
getting where you want to go with objects t mcdonough application development trends   1999.0 
dietary fiber in nutrition management of diabetes jw anderson   k ward see ref    
hierarchical compact cube for range-max queries sy lee   tw ling   hg li vldb   2000.0 
listeners as co-narrators jb bavelas   l coates   t johnson journal of personality and social psychology   2000.0 
in vivo aspects of nitric oxide ( no ) chemistry : does peroxynitrite ( _ oono ) play a major role in jm fukoto   lj ignarro acc . chem . res    
resistance to self-direction in adult learning : myths and misunderstandings . rg brockett new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
et . ai.   '' implementing recoverable queues p bernstein proc . 1990 sigmod annual  
annealing characteristics of phosphorus implanted silicon . 1 . rw bicknell phil . mag   1972.0 
data quality and data cleaning : an overview t johnson   t dasu   
inp solar cells grown by gas-source molecular beam epitaxy ( abstract only ) jp zibin   k rakennus   k tappura   g zhang   j oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
why xml matters bz gottesman pc magazine    
faloutsos   â ?? the r + - tree : a dynamic index for multi-dimensional objects   â ?? r sellis proc . 13th international conference on very large data  
ability   schooling and earnings : are twins different ? d blanchflower   p elias  1999.0 
associative caching in client-server databases j basu  1998.0 
enhancing the productivity of learning : curricular implications db johnstone   pa maloney new directions for higher education   1998.0 
extension of embeddings in the recurisvely enumerable degrees ta slaman   ri soare to appear    
on understanding grammar t giv6n  1979.0 
s. & badrinath   br ( 1994 ) . energy efficient indexing on air tv imielinski proceedings of the acm conference on management of data (  
capacity planning tool for streaming media services l cherkasova   w tang proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
observaciones de marea gravimã © trica en el teide ( tenerife   islas canarias )   2âª asamblea hispano - j arnoso   j fernã ¡ ndez   ej vã © lez   r vieira  2000.0 
a-type granites : geochemical characteristics   discrimination and petrogenesis jb whalen   kl currie   bw chappell contributions to mineralogy and petrology   1987.0 
allocation of risk capital in financial institutions f saita financial management   1999.0 
resources for multicultural awareness and social action rw wilhelm social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
approximate counts and quantiles over sliding windows a arasu   gs manku proceedings of acm principles of database systems   2004.0 
a comprehensive model for assessing service-learning and community-university partnerships ba holland new directions for higher education   2001.0 
comparing acoustically tagged juvenile chinook and steelhead behavior with powerhouse flow data at tw steig inc.   seattle   washington    
applying attitude theories to the return of mailed questionnaires j mckillip new directions for program evaluation   1984.0 
understanding network equipment reliability dj ford bt technology journal   1998.0 
psychologia spoå?eczna e aronson   td wilson   rm akert serce i umyså ?    
dbmss on a modern processor : â ?? where does time go?â ?? revisited m becker   n mancheril   s okamoto   
an investigation of the aeroelastic stability of a helicopter blade with a ` smart ' spring at the root s solaiman   ff afagh   f nitzsche european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
a dynamic associate search index for oodb cc low   bc ooi   hl h-trees acm sigmod pm.   ( 1992 )  
querying in highly mobile distributed environments . in 18 thintl t imielinski   br badrinath conference on very large databases    
security in statistical databases for queries with small counts fy chin acm transactions on database systems   1978.0 
accessing the mental lexicon ki forster new approaches to language mechanisms   1976.0 
contingent valuation and revealed preference methodologies : comparing the estimates for quasi-public rt carson   ne flores   km martin   jl wright land economics   1996.0 
ea solujanova   ev zasypkin   â ?? a ka-band 10 kw cw efficient compact gyrotron for materials processing ii antakov   ig gachev   vi kurbatov   ev sokolov proc . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter  
02 : an object-oriented formal data model c lecluse   p richard   f velez proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
mining database structure ; or   how to build a data quality browser t johnson   s muthukrishnan   p dasu   v shkapenyuk proc . of acm sigmod   to appear    
performance of hierarchical hyper-ring multicomputers fn sibai proc . 13th acm  
energy and economic considerations for ex situ aqueous mineral carbonation wk oâ ?? connor   dc dahlin   ge rush   sj gerdemann   proc . 29th international technical conference on coal & hellip ;    
capacities to globalize : why are some countries more globalized than others ? t addison   a rahman unpublished manuscript    
focusing on concepts : teaching for meaningful learning . j jarolimek social studies and the young learner   1991.0 
marion hercock and matthew tonts p geographer   t geography geography   2005.0 
56   â ?? dosimetry of external beta rays for radiation protection   â ?? international commission on i report md    
mycenae-epidaurus   argos-tiryns-nauplion se iakovidis  1978.0 
random samplingtechniques for space efficient computation of large dataset s g singh   s rajagopalan   b lindsay proceedings of sigmod   philladelphia pa    
faloutsos : active storage for large scale data mining and multimedia g riedel  1998.0 
a     ward   gf   & dudley   ra ( 1992 ) jm barnaba   jd rueb   j hassoun & hellip ; crew reduction feasibility demonstration simulation study : 2  
mexican bank finds crisis control t hoffman computerworld    
untraceable mobility or how to travel incognito g ateniese   a herzberg   h krawczyk   g tsudik computer networks   1999.0 
semantics and implementation of schema evolution in oodb j banerjee   w kim   hj kim   hf korth proc . 5th acm sigmod conference on management of data   acm    
generation of turkish surface form from a morphemic lexicon bk ol-ayan  2000.0 
an investigation of factors that influence the implementation of cooperative learning . jw bowe  2001.0 
towards a hybrid logic of acquaintance and awareness a saffiotti   f sebastiani   
watering las vegas am poyner geography   1998.0 
resistance to self-direction in learning can be overcome . r hiemstra   rg brockett new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
structured programming at mcauto ce holmes ieee computer    
cultivating the grass roots : why local government matters hjb allen  1990.0 
algorithms for acychc database schemes ym yannakakas  1981.0 
an approach to the design of object associations j ayre   fg wilkie   jg hugues information and software  
timber : a native xml database for querying xml s paparizos   s al-khalifa   a chapman   hv jagadish   proc . of acm sigmod international conference on management & hellip ;    
engineering modeling and design wl chapman   at bahill   aw wymore  1992.0 
research at altair p richard acm sigmod record   1991.0 
minority governments : ideology and office t kalandrakis unpublished manuscript   2003.0 
effective and efficient document ranking without using a large lexicon o yasushi   
nbs primary calibration facilities for air flow rate kr bensonâ ? ¦ air speed   and slurry flow   procs . of the american gas & hellip ;    
high performance nearly dispersion-flattened hybrid optical transmission lines for ultra-large m tsukitani 49th iwcs procs    
syntactic dictionary of polish verbs m swidzinski unpublished manuscript    
experimental investigations of the role of h 2 o in calc-alkaline differentiation and subduction tw sisson   tl grove contributions to mineralogy and petrology   1993.0 
clotho : decoupling memory page layout from storage organization m shao   j schindler   s schlosser   a ailamaki   gr proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
characterization of phase and frequency instabilities in precision frequency sources - fifteen years j rutman ieee   proceedings   1978.0 
directplay 8 overview   microsoft corporation   may 2001 msdn b di benedetto microsoft .  
fiscal year 1996 a report microsoft  
atlas of surface marine data 1994   vol . 1   algorithms and procedures   noaa atlas nesdis 6   83 pp.   a da silva   ac young   s levitus md    
classroom research in psychology : assessment techniques to enhance teaching and learning . cj walker new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
how to summarize the universe : dynamic maintenance of quantiles ac gilbert   y kotidis   s muthukrishnan   m strauss vldb   2002.0 
woody plants in agro-ecosystems of semi-arid regions : with an emphasis on the sahelian countries h breman   jj kessler  1995.0 
architecture matters : the rebirth of public discussion r ozzie  2002.0 
simple relational correctness proofs for static analyses and program transformations n benton   
cardiac transplant atherosclerosis me billingham transplant  
pankaj   and s. madria . an algorithm for building user-role profiles in a trust environment e terzi   y zhong   b bhargava data warehousing and knowledge management  
adaptive clustering in a hierarchical ad hoc network tc hou   tj tsai proc . int &#39; l computer symp    
low cost approach to realize novel detectors for color recognition d knipp   h stiebig   b rech   h wagner procs . internat . congress on imaging science ( icps )   antwerp & hellip ;    
scene change detection and content-based sampling of video sequences b shahraray proc . spie   1995.0 
punitive awards after bmw   a new capping system   and the reported opinion bias t eisenberg   mt wells wisconsin law review   1998.0 
modern produktionsteknik del 1 ( fã ¶ rsta uppl . ) stockholm : liber ab l hã ¥ geryd   s bjã ¶ rklund   m lenner  1999.0 
yamaguchi   and koumura   y.   â ?? thread-based programming for the em-4 hybrid data-flow machine   â ?? m sato   y kodama   s sakai proc . of acm  
smart clothing : â ?? wearable multimedia and personal imagingâ ?? to restore the balance between people s mann proc . acm  
distributed computing systems ( guest editors ' introduction ) m singhal   tl casavant ieee computer    
exposure to benevolent sexism and complementary gender stereotypes : consequences for specific and jt jost   ac kay journal of personality and social psychology   2005.0 
aucnet : electronic intermediary for used car transactions hg lee   
statistical estimators for aggregate relational algebra queries wc hou   g ã?zsoyoglu tods   1991.0 
a native extension of sql for mining data streams c luo   h thakkar   h wang   c zaniolo proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
a methodology of testing high-level petri nets h zhu   x he information & software technology   2002.0 
programming microsoft visual basic 6.0 f balena  1999.0 
determinants of interorganizational relationships : integration and future directions c oliver the academy of management review   1990.0 
cooperative learning strategies . b barnes   go ` farrell social studies and the young learner   1990.0 
adaptive data broadcast in hybrid networks k stathatos   n roussopoulos   js baras proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
discovering web services : an overview v draluk proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0 
annotations for streaming video on the web : system design and usage studies d bargeron   a gupta   j grudin   e sanocki www8 / computer networks   1999.0 
dissipated energy as the means for health monitoring of smart structures pw mast   jg michopoulos   r badaliance   hh proceedings of spie   2003.0 
query languages and data models for database sequences and data streams yn law   h wang   c zaniolo proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
algorithms for a nonmonotonic logic of preferences s kaci   l van der torre   
digital library services in mobile computing b bhargava   m annamalai   e pitoura sigmod record   1995.0 
role of monoamines in mediating the action of hormones on learning and memory g telegdy   gl kovics see matthies    
pharmacotherapy for hypertension in women of different races a quan   k kerlikowske   f gueyffierâ ? ¦ cochrane database syst rev    
mys andd r. wang   â ?? tcp westwood : bandwidth estimation for enhanced transport over wireless links   s mascolo   c casetti   m gerla proc . of acm mobicom   july    
asymptotic laplace transforms and evolution equations g lumer   f neubrander   
effects of fuels with a low aromatic content on diesel engine exhaust emissions n ladommatos   z xiao   h zhao proceedings-institution of mechanical engineers part d & hellip ;   2000.0 
the gas production rate of comet bennett cf lillie   hu keller study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 
turbulent flows in a boundary layer and in pipes md millionshchikov at . energ    
vv andramanov   vn demenyuk   and vv migunov lf belovodskii   vk gaevoi   vi grishmanovskii at . energy    
preventing spa/dpa in ecc systems using the jacobi form py liardet   np smart lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
the delta coding algorithm : comparisons to chc   sga   genitor and hill climbing ke mathias   ld whitley submitted for  
specifying organizational policies and individual preferences for human-software interaction d schreckenghost   c martin   c thronesbery submitted for publication   2003.0 
understanding consulting as an adult education process . sd brookfield new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
place/transition petri nets j desel   w reisig lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
the database and information system research group at the university of ulm p dadam   w klas sigmod record   1997.0 
confessions of a workshop-aholic d hentschel new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
capprobe : a simple and accurate capacity estimation technique r kapoor   lj chen   l lao   m gerla   my sanadidi   
did welfare reform have an effect : an analysis of entry   exits   and employment in philadelphia . c michalopoulos   ls richburg-hayes new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
quality in the classroom : classroom assessment techniques as tqm e soetaert new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
boston metropatterns : a regional agenda for community stability in greater boston . m orfieldâ ? ¦ metropolitan area research corporation    
freemmg : a hybrid peer-to-peer and client-server model for massively multiplayer games fr cecin   r de oliveira jannone   cfr geyer   mg proceedings of acm sigcomm   2004.0 
development of measles virus as a vector : expression of green fluorescent protein from different l hangartner  1997.0 
draft flux and sources of nutrients in the mississippi-atchafalaya river basin . topic 3   gulf of da goolsby   wa battaglin   gb lawrence   rs artz   bt   
the virtual video browser in mosaic ( demonstration ) d venkatesh   tdc little proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
margaret mackintosh p geographer   t geography geography   2005.0 
garcia-molina . comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems . 7 b yang proceedings of very large databases  
structure activity relationship with respect to antiinflammatory activity in a series of curcumin a mukhopadhyay   n basu   n ghatak   kp singh   pk proc int union physiol sci    
a ( 1998 ) . perceptually based adaptive sampling algorithm mr bolin   gw meyer proc . of acm siggraph  
genjam : a ga for generating jazz solos ja biles proc . int . computer music conf    
streamit : a language for streaming applications w thies   m karczmarek   s amarasinghe lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
by josh bloch   published by addison wesley   2001 e java   
learning how to share gh anthes computerworld    
user-optimizer communication using abstract plans in sybase ase m andrei proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
towaxds a cooperative transaction model -- the cooperative activity model m rnsinkiewicz   w klasâ ? ¦ proc . int . conf . very large data bases   dayal u   gray p   & hellip ;    
refers to a â ?? language minority student whose english proficiency is below that of grade or her lep technically   
middleware based data replication providing snapshot isolation y lin   b kemme   
a hybrid protocol for scalable application-level multicast in peer-to-peer systems r zhang   ych borg proceedings of acm nossdav    
apj pb hall   sf anderson   ma strauss   dg york   gt  2002.0 
the software process improvement paradox dn wilson   t hall   n baddoo software quality management-international conference -    
a dataflow architecture with tagged tokens   '' paper no vk arvind   k pingali mit/lcs-tm -174   laboratory for computer science   mit   september    
energy rehabilitation of multi-use buildings . m santamouris  1997.0 
different crossovers ? jpl reinecke   h moraal   ms potgieter   fb mcdonald   proceedings of the 25 thinternational cosmic ray conference   & hellip ;    
reduced order controllers for burgers ' equation with a nonlinear observer ja atwell   jt borggaard   bb king   
the q-switching instability in passively mode-locked lasers t kolokolnikov   t erneux   n joly   s bielawski submitted for publication   2004.0 
an extension of sql to support ordered domains in relational databases w ng   m levene   
bounds on performance and dynamic bit allocation for sub-band coders jd gibson   
dynamic html in action em schurman   wj pardi  1999.0 
dtd-directed publishing with attribute translation grammars mbcyc wenfei   fr rastogi   sza zhou   
error-constrained count query evaluation in relational databases wc hou   g ozsoyoglu   e dogdu proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1991.0 
formal semantics for time m databases j chfford   d warren acm trans on database systems   vol8   no    
the active learning continuum : choosing activities to engage students in the classroom cc bonwell   te sutherland new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
smart thermal skins for automobiles dd hopkins   m rubin   dd arasteh procs . dedicated conf . on supercars ( advanced ultralight & hellip ;    
the growth of english modernism p hobsbaum wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
input impedance of wide-angle å 1/2 . conical antennas fed by a coaxial line ch papas   rwp king proc . ire    
cache fusion : extending shared-disk clusters with shared caches t lahiri   v srihari   w chan   n macnaughton   s proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
f. ; monien   b.   editors a razborov   m auf der heide proceedings   23rd  
on the correlation of cues with discourse structure : results from a corpus study m moser   jd moore unpublished manuscript    
guest editors ' introduction dc phillips   e callan international journal of educational research   2001.0 
assessment of striatal extracellular dopamine and dopamine metabolites by microdialysis in re see neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
bgigascope : a stream database for network applications   ^ in proceedings of the acm international c cranor   t johnson   o spataschek   v shkapenyuk  2003.0 
how to avoid designing digital libraries : a scenario based approach jm carroll acm sigois bulletin   1995.0 
warping indexes with envelope transforms for query-by-humming systems y zhu   d sasha proceedings of acm sigmod  
cooperative negotiation in concurrent engineering design   computer aided cooperative product kp sycara proceedings of mit-jsme workshop . d. sriram   r. logcher   s. & hellip ;    
continuous model of an unreliable two-stage material flow system with a finite buffer sb gershwin   ic schick technical report lids-r-1039   massachusetts institute of  
ecologische atlas van de nederlandse roofvogels ( 2e druk ) rg bijlsma   
how might i teach problem solving ? dr woods new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0 
sampling large databases for finding association rules h toivonen proceedings of the 22nd international conference on very & hellip ;    
complaint resolution in the context of welfare reform : how w-2 settles disputes s lynn   
fallstudien som forskningsmetod lund : studentlitteratur sb merriam  1994.0 
the correlation between rae ratings and citation counts in psychology a smith   m eysenck unpublished manuscript   2002.0 
olap solutions : building multidimensional information systems e thomsenâ ? ¦ john wiley &  
torsion angle dynamics : reduced variable conformational sampling enhances crystallographic structure lm rice proteins-new york -   1994.0 
synthetic models for the 02-binding hemoproteins jp collman acc . chem . res    
the space of embedded minimal surfaces of fixed genus in a 3-manifold iv ; planar domains th colding   wpm ii to  
the quark-hadron phase transition ( abstract only ) h satz oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
proceedingsof oopslaâ ?? 88 t watanabe   a yonezawa  1988.0 
a correctness condition for high-performance multiprocessors h attiya   r friedman   
pharmacopoeial convention   rockville usp xxii md    
sources of error in survey data used in criminal justice evaluation : draft of final report wt bielby   ra berk  1981.0 
temperature field in deep disposal site for liquid radioactive wastes im kosareva   mk savushkina   mm arkhipovaâ ? ¦ at .  
optimizing multi-feature queries for image databases u guntzer   wt balke   w kieã?ling proc . of the twenty-sixth international conference on very & hellip ;   2000.0 
preparing teachers to be moral educators : a neglected duty . t lickona new directions for higher education   1980.0 
dna conformation and plant pre-culture influence both   transformation efficiency and gene targeting a hohe   t egener   j lucht   h holtorf   c reinhard    2002.0 
ivo . ( nd ) the spanish presentative lexicon s ayala & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa  
using referential integrity to easily define consistent subset replicas b hammond proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
normalization in oodb design bs lee acm sigmod record   1995.0 
open oodb : a modular object-oriented dbms s ford   ja blakeley   tj bannon proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1993.0 
roi for it projects elusive but essential gh anthes computerworld    
modelling language acquisition : grammar from the lexicon sr howell   s becker   
bioterrorism responses by health care professionals r moser jr presentations at    
h. garcia-m olina   and j. widom . change detection in hierarchically structured information s chawathe   a rajaraman technical report   dept. of computer science   stanford university  
correlation between magnetic shear and exb shear flow on jet itbs b esposito   f crisanti   v parail   p maget   y   
process and product quality : perpetuating the myth dn wilson   c dawson software quality management-international conference -   1996.0 
refreshment policies for web content caches e cohen   h kaplan computer networks   2002.0 
lancelot ar conn  1992.0 
making the most of professional reading . hw stubblefield new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
combined laura-ups solution strategy for chemically-reacting flows wa wood & hellip ; thesis   university of washington   seattle   washington   june    
radio frequency interference from linear-fm pulses jjg mccue interim technical report massachusetts inst . of tech.   & hellip ;   1974.0 
extramedullary fixation implants and external fixators for extracapsular hip fractures mj parker   hh handoll cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
a multimediaenhanced cscw teleservice for wide area cooperative authoring of multimediadocuments h thimm acm sigois bulletin   1994.0 
contention over space and place c tilly mobilization-san diego -   2003.0 
mural : a formal development support system cb jonesâ ? ¦  1991.0 
range-max/min query in olap data cube hg li   tw ling   sy lee proceedings of the 11th international conference on database & hellip ;   2000.0 
discovery web services : an overview v draluk apers p. proc of international conf vldb   2001.0 
media objects in time - a multimedia streaming system - work in progress paper v 1.5 b feustel   tc schmidt computer networks   2001.0 
an sql-based query language for networks of relations a basu sigmod record   1990.0 
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases j gray   p sundaresan   s englert sigmod conference   1994.0 
grassrooting the space of flows m castells urban geography   1999.0 
causal models of adolescent substance use : an examination of gender differences using distribution - m windle   gm barnes   j welte journal of personality and social psychology   1989.0 
graphicacy wgv balchin geography    
overt visual attention for a humanoid robot s vijayakumar   j conradt   t shibata   s schaal   
â ?? a 13.5-bit cost optimized multi-bit delta-sigma adc for adslâ ?? a wiesbauer   h weinberger   m clara   j hauptmann proceedings of the 25 thesscirc   september    
effective assessment and institutional change cb cote   m jordan new directions for higher education   2002.0 
experimental determination of the fluid-absent melting relations in the pelitic system d vielzeuf   jr holloway contributions to mineralogy and petrology   1988.0 
determination of air brake adjustment from air pressure data ld kandt   pg reinhall   rr scheibe proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
autofocus : a tool for automatic traffic analysis c estan   g varghese proceedings of acm sigcomm  
instantaneous frequency and amplitude of vibrato in singing voice ieeexplore.ieee.org   
how clonal are human mitochondria ? a eyre-walker   nh smith   jm smith proceedings : biological sciences   1999.0 
hollis   dp   fenselau   c.   lane rb guchhait   se polakis md    
xmlin action wj pardi  1999.0 
energy efficiency indexing on air t imielinski   s viswanathan   br badrinath proceedings of the international conference on sigmod    
a system for interactive error detection ga wilson vldb   1979.0 
how to physically build and maintain pops around the world t brain bt technology journal   2000.0 
streaming content distribution networks with minimum delivery cost jm almeida  2003.0 
addressing academic culture : service learning   organizations   and faculty work k ward new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
querying in highly mobile distributed environments i tomasz   r badrinath 8 thinternational conference on very large databases    
how to implement isdns without user observability -- someremarks a pfitzmann acm sigsac review   1987.0 
referential integrity cj date vldb   1981.0 
organization of the guinea-pig uterine innervation . distribution of immunoreactivities for different p alm   lm lundberg   j wharton   jm polak the histochemical journal   1988.0 
piecing it together : america 's story in quilts jr marrou social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
awards to individuals rj menges new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
a caching and streaming framework for mulitmedia s paknikar   m kankanhalli   kr ramakrishnan   sh proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2000.0 
communication apprehension in the college classroom . ja daly new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
eboul and p. kanellakis . object identity as a query language primitive s abit proc . acm   sigmod cnnf . on management of  
effect of high energy rate forming on sintering kinetics of ferrographite composites s basu powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ]   bombay   india & hellip ;   1980.0 
sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles of database systems acm pods sigmod   acm sigmod conference on the management of  
wyoming have defeated official english efforts o louisiana   
biopython : python tools for computational biology b chapman   
optical microscopy studies of dynamics within individual polymer-dispersed liquid crystal droplets . da higgins   je hall   a xie acc . chem . res   2005.0 
gigabit network multicast protocols x chen  1996.0 
the interface between project managers and functional managers in matrix organized product r sbragia & hellip ; of the 9th international conference on management of & hellip ;    
tinysec : link layer encryption for tiny devices c karlof   n sastry   d wagner   
approximate frequency counts over data streams g singh manku   r motwani & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases   hong kong    
efficient variants of the icp algorithm s rusinkiewicz   m levoy   
a comparative study of mobility anchor point selection schemes in hierarchical mobile ipv6 networks s pack   t kwon   y choi   
the social psychology of creativity : a componential conceptualization tm amabile journal of personality and social psychology    
pushing the envelope with push technology wr stanek pc magazine online    
deming and software-strange bedfellows ? ak bissett   jia siddiqi software quality management-international conference -   1996.0 
the high frequency spectra of the elements hgj moseley phil . mag    
rachel bowles p geographer   t geography   
ethnicity and ethnic relations in the modern west m heisler see montville    
varghese   â ?? faster ip lookupsusingcontrolled prefix expansion   â ?? v srinivasan andg in proc . acm sigmetrics    
heterotopic heart transplantation in the rat receiving fk-506 alone or with cyclosporine n murase   s todo   ph lee   hs lai   f chapman   ma transplant  
flux and sources of nutrients in the mississippi-atchafalaya river basin : topic 3 report for the da goolsby   wa battaglin   gb lawrence   rs artz   bt   
structural variations of different oral basement membranes revealed by cationic dyes and detergent h chardin   jp gokani   d septier   jv ruch   m the histochemical journal   1992.0 
workshops at a distance cc gibson   tl gibson new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
streaming queries over streaming data s chandrasekaran   mj franklin vldb   2002.0 
approximatemediansandother quantilesinonepass and with limited memory gs manku   s rajagopalan   bg lindsay proceedings of acm sigmod    
generating 3d views of facial expressions from frontal face video based on topographic analysis l yin   k weiss proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
thermoregulation : what is regulated and how j bligh see ref    
mining all maximal frequent word sequences in a set of sentences h ahonen-myka proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
endogenous oscillations of the transcript amounts of subunit-c of the v-atpase of mesembryanthemum b rockel   b blasius   f beck   r ratajczak   u cellular and molecular biology letters   1997.0 
parallel evaluation of recursive rule queries sc ck   p kanellakis proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on  
how to specify and verify the long-run average behavior of probabilistic systems l de alfaro   
making-a-case : a study of the classroom construction of academic literacy la rex  1997.0 
the clearing of the english woodlands hc darby geography    
network formation with active brownian particles f schweitzer   b tilch submitted for publication    
the influence of growth conditions on the composition of gainasp grown by gas-source molecular beam k tappura   t hakkarainen   k rakennus   m hovinen   h oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
a new model for training project managers . aj shenhar   b nofzinger proc.   28th annual seminars and symposium   project & hellip ;    
generating bricks . s norine   r thomas   
how the new teachers performed . ld fink new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 
enhancing pediatric primary care : cost lessons learned from pediatric pathways to success m kaplan-sanoff   tw brown   b zuckerman zero to three   1997.0 
intracellular calcium channels t furuichi   t michikawa   k mikoshiba see ref    
desrgn of an external schema faclhty to defme and process recursive structures e clemons acm trans on database systems    
test equating mj kolen   rl brennan  1995.0 
color doppler in the diagnosis of ectopic pregnancy in the emergency department : is there anything m blaivas journal of emergency medicine   2002.0 
informed content delivery over adaptive overlay networks j byers   j considine   m mitzenmacher proc . acm sigcomm    
national television violence study . violence in television programming overall bj wilsonâ ? ¦  1997.0 
sampling microbes from the rhizosphere and phyllosphere lmc dandurand   gr knudsen see ref    
developing and nurturing professional relationships . wa howe new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
surfaces in range image understanding pj besl  1988.0 
stress   coping   and adult education sa mcclary new directions for adult and continuing education   1990.0 
fuzzy controllers with conditionally ring rules b moser   m navara to  
cooperative object buffer management in the advanced information prototype k kã 1/4 spert   p dadam   j gã 1/4 nauer proc .  
understanding why problem behaviors occur : a guide for assisting parents in assessing causes of wd frea   lk koegel   rl koegel  1994.0 
notecards : a multimedia idea processing environment   interactive multimedia fg halasz  1988.0 
identical origin of adrenal cortex and gonad revealed by expression profiles of ad4bp/sf -1 o hatano   a takakusu   m nomura   k morohashi genes to cells   1996.0 
probabilistic planning in the graphplan framework a blum   j langford lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
a checklist for developing   implementing   and assessing mentoring programs [ appendix ] ma wunsch new directions for teaching and learning    
looking into video frames on small displays x fan   x xie   hq zhou   wy ma   
an exploration of firm-wide information technology infrastructure investment and services p weill   m broadbent   c butler   c soh proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1995.0 
practical capillary electrophoresis   p. 200 r weinberger academic   san diego    
preference sql -- design   implementation   experiences w kieî ² ling   g kã ¶ stler proceedings of the 28th international conference on very & hellip ;    
generating thousand benchmark queries in seconds m poess   
comparing support vector machines with gaussian kernels to radial basis function classifiers f girosi   p niyogi   t poggio   v vapnik   
a sophisticate 's introduction to database normalization theory c beeri   pa bernstein   n goodman vldb   1978.0 
measurement and prediction of the verification cost of the design in a formalized methodology l fernã ¡ ndez   jj dolado information and software  
distribution issues in the design and implementation of a virtual market place h yigal   f christian computer networks    
tungsten migration between main chamber and divertor of asdex upgrade w schneider   d hildebrandt   x gong   k krieger   r   
sterowanie w energoelektronice i napedzie elektrycznym b grzesik   j junak   z kaczmarczyk  1995.0 
bg lindsay random sampling techniques for space efficient online computation of order statistics of gs manku   s rajagopalan proc . sigmodâ ?? 99 int &#39; l conf . on management of  
a band theoretical study on the electronic properties in the phase transition cuau 1 to cuau 2 ( k kokko oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
how nouns and verbs differentially affect the behavior of artificial organisms a cangelosi   d parisi   
why complicate frequency synthesis hw cooper electronic design    
programs sponsored by multicampus systems   consortia   networks   and associations . sa mcdade new directions for higher education   1994.0 
elastic compression stockings for prevention of deep vein thrombosis sv amarigiri   ta lees cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
energy efficient indexing on air t imielinsky   s viswanathan   br badrinath proc . of intl. conf . on managm . of data-acm-sigmod    
rip it up j king computerworld    
indexing on air svtibr badrinath proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod    
us department of energy   headquarters germantown   hq eh-21   bldg. 270   19901 germantown road   j mckamy   
effects of high-voltage electrostatic field on growth in plants y jia-ming proc . int . conf . modern  
the acquisition of disjunction and positive polarity in japanese t goro   s akiba   
conservatism and art preferences gd wilson   j ausman   tr matthews journal of personality and social psychology   1973.0 
cooperative extension as community education developer . dw price new directions for adult and continuing education   1990.0 
achievement goals   self-regulated learning   and the role of classroom context as hagen   ce weinstein new directions for teaching and learning   1995.0 
truststream : a novel secure and scalable media streaming architecture h yin   c lin   f qiu   x liu   d wu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
cooperativity theory in biochemistry : steady-state and equilibrium systems tl hill  1985.0 
effects of causative organism and presence or absence of meningitis on white blood cell counts in mw kline   eob smith   sl kaplan   mi lorin journal of emergency medicine   1988.0 
influence of greenhouse warming on tropical cyclone frequency simulated by a high-resolution agcm j yoshimura   m sugi   a noda proceedings of the 23rd conference on hurricanes and & hellip ;    
reasoning about structure   behavior and function b chandrasekaran   r milne acm sigart bulletin   1985.0 
approximate frequency counts over data streams m charikar   k chen   m farach-colton in proc . of 29th int . colloq . on automata   languages and & hellip ;    
querying in highly distributed environments t imielinski   br badrinath proc . 18 thintâ ?? l. conf . on  
explorations in behavioral consistency : properties of persons   situations   and behaviors dc funder   cr colvin journal of personality and social psychology   1991.0 
g. graefe . experiences bulding the open oodb query optimizer ja gm931   wjmk blakeley proceedings of the acm sigmod conf on management of data   & hellip ;    
theorizing change : the role of professional associations in the transformation of institutionalized r greenwood   r suddaby   cr hinings academy of management journal   2002.0 
hierarchical compact cube for range-max queries hg li   tw ling   sy lee proceedings of the 26th vldb  
mining for purity dependencies in databases d simovici   d cristofor   l cristofor   
a simple method to stabilize the frequency of semiconductor lasers ( abstract only ) h ludvigsen   c holmlund   e ikonen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
an exploration of schema development in procedure-oriented programmers learning object-oriented ml manns   j nelson proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1993.0 
room temperature pulsed operation of blue nitride based laser diodes mp mack   ac abare   m hansen   p kozodoy   s keller   proc . int . conf . nitride semiconductors    
energy e cient indexing on air t imielinski   s viswanathan   b badrinath proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;    
antidepressant versus placebo for depressed elderly k wilson   p mottram   a sivanranthan   a nightingale cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
information appliances : from web phones to smart refrigerators l goldberg electronic  
nucleic acids res pk weckâ ? ¦   
databases in the social studies : not why but how . jd mccoy social studies and the young learner   1990.0 
consultation through action learning l beaty new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
enhancing adult learning through interdisciplinary studies dw ntiri   ra schindler   s henry new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
database sampling with functional dependencies j bisbal   j grimson information & software technology   2001.0 
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems y beverly   gm hector technical report   stanford university stanford    
biochemistry and physiology of herbicide action c fedtke  1982.0 
improving smart card security using self-timed circuits s moore   r anderson   p cunningham   r mullins   g proceedings async   2002.0 
ski : a semantics-knowledgeable interface r king   s melville vldb   1984.0 
the farm crisis and mental health : a longitudinal ( 1981   1986   1989 ) and comparative study of the p beeson   d johnson   s ortega unpublished manuscript    
difference equations re mickens   
stopover behaviour and departure decision of northern wheatears   oenanthe oenanthe   facing different v dierschke   j delingat behavioral ecology and sociobiology   2001.0 
induction of islet transplantation tolerance using donor specific transfusion and anti-cd154 aa rossini   jp mordes   tg markees   ne phillips   ej transplantation proceedings   1999.0 
nist net-a linux-based network emulation tool m carson   d santay   
friction-induced torsional vibrations in an experimental drill-string system n mihajlovic   aa van veggel   n van de wouw   h   
achieving robustness in distributed database systems dl eager   kc sevcik acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
difficulties confronting young children undertaking investigations   j watters   l english   
a model of the boundary between theâ ?? x and z growth sectors in synthetic quartz dy parpia phil . mag    
taylor   editors fh lochovsky & hellip ; very large data bases : reprinted from very large data bases  
build your own web site ln ulanoffâ ? ¦ pc magazine   september    
requirement of runx 1/aml 1/pebp 2 alphab for the generation of haematopoietic cells from t yokomizo   m ogawa   m osato   t kanno   h yoshida   genes to cells   2001.0 
source the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large data bases archive fj maryanski the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
c compiler design for an industrial network processor j wagner   r leupers   
participation of area postrema in cardiovascular control in the dog kl barnes   cm ferrario   cl chernicky   kb brosnihan  1984.0 
rainbow fair queueing : theory and applications z cao   e zegura   z wang   z cao   e zegura   z wang computer networks   2005.0 
coupling between physical and biological fields in the north atlantic subtropical front southeast of e fernã ¡ ndez   rd pingree   
conceptual graphs and formal concept analysis r wille lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor : a fine-needle aspiration biopsy study rs mcgee jr   wg ward   se kilpatrick   
temperature-dependent intermediates in hiv-1 envelope glycoprotein-mediated fusion revealed by sa gallo   gm clore   jm louis   ca bewley   r   
hatâ ® eld md linnik   rh zobrist md    
â ?? streaming queries over streaming data s chandrasekan   m franklin  2002.0 
the effects of centrifugal and centripetal forces on product development speed and quality : how does k atuahene-gima academy of management journal   2003.0 
disconjugacy wa coppel  1971.0 
timber : a native system for querying xml s paparizos proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2003.0 
learning communitiesâ ?? understanding information flow in human networks a pentland bt technology journal   2004.0 
motivation with a mission : understanding motivation and culture in workshop design rj wlodkowski new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
on network bandwidth allocation policies and feedback control algorithms for packet networks yt hou   b li   ss panwar   hhy tzeng computer networks   2000.0 
draft-east king county ground water management plan : king county department of natural resources k county seattle   washington    
a distributive n-amendment game with endogenous agenda formation em penn  2001.0 
application of system identification techniques to modelling a turbogenerator e swidenbank   
optimal policies for a multi-echelon inventory problem aj clark   h scarf management  
does information technology lead to smaller firms ? e brynjolfsson   tw malone   v gurbaxani   a kambil management science   1994.0 
analysis of object oriented spatial access methods c faloutsos   t sellis   n roussopoulos proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1987.0 
history of the civil war military pensions   1861-1885 jw oliver  1915.0 
text to hypertext : can clustering solve the problem in digital libraries rb kellogg   m subhas proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   1996.0 
green assessment of multi-product based on concordance analysis ys yang   hw li   j tong proceedings of 2001 international conference on management  
an extension to the cyclomatic measure of program complexity gj myers acm sigplan notices   1977.0 
e-learning evangelists lj goff computerworld    
modelling and analyse of hybrid dynamic systems s engell automatisierungstechnik ( at )    
vertical data migration in large nearline document archives based on markov-chain predictions akg weikum  1997.0 
a term calculus for intuitionistic linear logic n benton   g bierman   v de paiva   m hyland lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 
an update of research at the national animal disease center on current strains of porcine wl mengeling   km lager   ac vorwald   rd wesley   df proceedings of the allen d. leman swine conference   & hellip ;    
inborn errors in vitamin d metabolism-their contribution to the understanding of vitamin d ua lieberman & hellip ; . proceedings of the seventh workshop on vitamin d. new york & hellip ;    
discrimination between different kind of surface defects on compact discs pf odgaard   mv wickerhauser submitted for publication   2003.0 
on the characteristics of the receiver of an mti radar j aoyagi & hellip ; : conference on radar meteorology   22nd   zurich   switzerland & hellip ;   1984.0 
change detection in hierarchically structured information . available by anonymous ftp from db s chawathe   a rajaraman   h garcia-molina   j widom  1995.0 
optimizing multi-feature queries for image databases wt balke   
interactive information systems : information access and retrieval r oliver electronic library   1995.0 
comparing images using color coherence vectors [ a ] p greg   z ramin   m justin proceedings of acm  
normalization in oodb design sl byung acm sigmod record-1999-24  
modern geodetic control in the czech republic based on the densification of euref network j kostelecky   j pytel   
dimorphism ah romano see ref    
a source of durability bias in affective forecasting td wilson   t wheatley   jm meyers   dt gilbert   d journal of personality and social psychology   2000.0 
active disks for large-scale data mining e riedel   g gibson   a moore   c faloutsos   
microsoft windows 2000 tcp/ip protocols and services technical reference t lee   j davies  2000.0 
blue-green algae dw krogmann see ref    
how abstract machines implement head linear reduction v danos   l regnier submitted for publication    
mechanism for transduction of the ligand-binding signal in heme-based gas sensory proteins revealed t uchida   t kitagawa acc . chem . res   2005.0 
broadcast anti-jamming systems y desmedt   r safavi-naini   h wang   lm batten   c computer networks   2001.0 
the forgotten vital sign : temperature patterns and associations in 642 trauma patients at an urban j mize   j koziol-mclain   sr lowenstein journal of emergency nursing   1993.0 
lounasmaa   0 . v.   1957 rw hill phil . mag    
church-related colleges and universities : an agenda for the 1990 s and beyond . rl noftzgerâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   1992.0 
external cephalic version facilitation for breech presentation at term gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
guidelines for bank stabilization projects in riverine environments of king county   king county aw johnson   jm stypula seattle   washington    
investigative strategy in international technical assistance projects dw chapman new directions for program evaluation   1992.0 
hierarchical locative reasoning for autonomous mobile platforms a saotti   lp wesley procs . of the ieee intelligent vehicles symp    
s. muthukrishnan   and mj strauss   â ?? surfing wavelets on streams : one-pass summaries for approximate ac gilbert   y kotidis proc . very large data bases conf    
the ants b holldobler   eo wilson  1990.0 
the air trac ow management problem with enroute capacities d bertsimas   s stock operations research   to  
evaluation of edge caching/offloading for dynamic content delivery c yuan   y chen   z zhang ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
multidimensional access methods : trees have grown everywhere tk sellis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
semantic overlay networks a crespo   h garcia-molina submitted for publication   2002.0 
cooperative transaction hierarchies : a transaction model to support design applications mh nodine   sb zdonik vldb   1990.0 
reasoning in metaphor understanding : the att-meta approach and system j barnden   s glasbey   m lee   a wallington   ja   
translation lexicon acquisition from bilingual dictionaries ds doermann   h ma   b karagol-ayan   dw oard proceedings of spie   2004.0 
mitochondrial resolution of a deep branch in the genealogical tree for perching birds sv edwards   p arctander   ac wilson proceedings : biological sciences   1991.0 
evaluation of combinatorial file orgenization schemes h ikeda vldb   1977.0 
generating functions in computational biology : a survey m regnier   
o 2 : an object-oriented formal data model c lecluse   p richard   f vãªlez proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
the development of graduate students as reaching scholars : a four year longitudinal study   final jd nyquist   ae austin   j sprague   dh wulff seattle : university of washington    
object identity as a query primitive s abiteboul   p kanellakis proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;    
on visible surface determination by a priori tree structures h fuchs   zm kedem   bf naylor computer graphics ( proc . acm siggraph conf . )    
the fund earned nil ( 2003 : nil ) in securities lending income for the year ended 31 december 2004 sl income as at    
the semantics-knowledgeable interface r king   s melville proceedings of the conference on very large databases    
practitioner problems in need of database research : research directions in knowledge discovery r krishnamurthy   t imielinski sigmod record    
manufacturing   data entry   mrp systems bow at ams . j gallant computerworld.   1984.0 
voronkov a. [ 1998 ]   complexity of nonrecursive logic programs with complex values   in ã cents â ? ¬ podsã cents â ? ¬ s vorobyov acm press   seattle    
interventions for treating proximal humeral fractures in adults jn gibson   hh handoll   r madhok cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
understanding gprs : the gsm packet radio service b ghribi   l logrippo computer networks   2000.0 
functional and predictive programming in oodb 's c beeri   t milo proceedings of the eleventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1992.0 
the r + - tree : a dynamic index for multi-dimensional data t sellis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos proceedings of vldb 1987    
convergence of sideways query evaluation f afrati   c papadimitriou   g papageorgiou   a proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
performance evaluation and comparison of different modulation schemes for uwb multiaccess systems g durisi   s benedetto   
integrated document prefetching and caching in hierarchical storage based on markov-chain a kraiss   g weikum vldb journal ( may  
formal models of communication services : a case study a fekete   
mining database structure ; or howto build a data quality browser t dasu   t johnson   s muthukrishnan   v shkapenyuk   
triple-helical nucleic acids vn soyfer   vn potaman  1995.0 
on division and reciprocal caches sf obennan   mj flynn technical report csl-tr-95-666   stanford university   apr. .  
but i do n't want to be a manager d davis computerworld    
main schema-external schema interaction in hierarchically organized data bases ag dale   nb dale   
avalon photonics ltd m moser zurich   switzerland   private communication   may    
verifying the correctness of wide-area internet routing n feamster   h balakrishnan   
wilson ja and yoffe ad 1972 aj grant phil . mag    
energy efficient indexing on air   rutgers university t imielinski   s viswanathan   br badrinath international conference on management of data   acm sigmod   & hellip ;    
selecting managers for foreign assignments y zeira   m banai management decision    
is the argentine gdp stationary around a broken trend ? ge utrera unpublished  
experimental evaluation of a model for multilateral negotiation with fuzzy preferences on an agent - f teuteberg electronic markets   2003.0 
object identity as a query language s abiteboul   pc kanellakis proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
publishers   london   1983 j allsop   c cassellâ ?? s studentsâ ?? english   
the radiance lighting simulation and rendering system gj ward proceedings of siggraph   1994.0 
linbo thin '' lm grown by lpmocvd using-diketonate metal organic complexes sc jung   n imaishi   hc park proceedings of 13th international conference on c < d    
comparing dos and os/2 file systems r duncan pc magazine    
the marking and interactional functions of epistemic stance in american english conversational e kã $ rkkã $ inen  1998.0 
perturbations in the fibrinolytic pathway abolish cyst formation but not capillary-like organization n dubois-stringfellow   
on-board engine life usage monitoring by real time computation m koehl   
specific and infraspecific delimitation c van steenis flora malesiana i    
pharmacokinetics and metabolism of cyclosporin a t beveridge see ref    
wplyw temperatury i czasu spiekania na wlasciwosci mechaniczne produktow otrzymanych z odpadowego a jarosinski   w natanek fizykochemiczne problemy mineralurgii   1996.0 
developing scalable protocols for three-metric qos routing lhmk costa   s fdida   ocmb duarte computer networks   2002.0 
academic administrative internships . tm stauffer new directions for higher education   1978.0 
md modern man in search ofa soul : cg jung san  
j. widom change detection in hierarchically structured information s chawathe   a rajaraman   h garcia-molina proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
splitstream : high-bandwidth content distribution in cooperative environments m castro   p druschel   am kermarrec   a nandi   a lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
rudimentary determinants of attitudes . ii : arm flexion and extension have differential effects on jt cacioppo   jr priester   gg berntson journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
the r ã ? - tree : a dynamic index for multidimensional objects t sellis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos proceedings of 13th international confernece on  
putting things together coherently : logic and justice er house new directions for program evaluation   1995.0 
shelter in greece ob doumanis   p oliver architecture in greece press   athens    
the windows way to web services   microsoft 's web services approach may be the easiest but at what t yager microsoft . net    
strategic choices in is infrastructure : corporate standards versus `` best of breed '' systems r dewan   a seidmann   s sundaresan   
print jo ` rourke new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
planning the motions of an all-terrain vehicle by using both geometric and physical models in ieee m cherif   c laugier   c milesi-bellier   b faverjon san-diego ( usa )    
creativity and adult education pj edelson new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0 
temporal databases status and research directories r snodgrass sigmod record    
gigascope : a stream database for network applications cd cranor   t johnson   v shkapenyuk sigmod conference   2003.0 
name-tracing using the icl content addressable filestore ag ward vldb   1984.0 
a fluid-based model of time-limited tcp flows m barbera   a lombardo   g schembra computer networks   2004.0 
how concept becomes reality . vol . 36 . ii j stinson   r adsit   f gordaninejad  1991.0 
surgical sealant for preventing air leaks after pulmonary resections in patients with lung cancer r rami   m mateu cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
how to steer an embedded software project : tactics for selecting the software process model p kettunen   m laanti information and software technology   2004.0 
structure   orientation   and conformational changes in transmembrane domains of multidrug c vigano   l manciu   jm ruysschaert acc . chem . res   2005.0 
high-power high-speed photodectors-design ly lin   mc wu   t itoh   ta vang   re muller   dl analysis   and experimental demonstration : ieee transactions & hellip ;    
al. 1991 . efficient assembly of complex objects t keller proc . acm  
performance of water users associations in the operation and maintenance of irrigation districts   e palacios-veã ? lez international conference on irrigation management transfer    
random sampling techniques for space efficient online computation of order statistics of large gs manku   s rajagopalan   bg lindsay sigmod conference   1999.0 
efficient 3-d range searching in external memory j vitter   
double-cleavage production of the ctl epitope by proteasomes and pa28 : role of the flanking region n shimbara   h nakajima   n tanahashi   k ogawa   s genes to cells   1997.0 
how a president   distracted by scandal   entered balkan war e sciolino   e bronner   
how java programs interact with virtual machines at the microarchitectural level l eeckhout   a georges   k de bosschere   
preference sql - design   implementation   experiences w kiessling   g koestler vldb   2002.0 
an approach to knowledge generation by research and its utilisation in practice-situating doctoral v popovic   
hector : a hierarchically structured shared-memory multiprocessor zg vranesic   m stumm   dm lewis   r white   
the management transition l goff computerworld    
hybrid learning algorithm for gaussian potential function networks cl chen   
challenges of the introductory course . re dunham   m gleason new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 
logical design of relational database schemes ly yuan   zm ozsoyoglu   
yuqing wu . t imber : a native xml database hv jagadish   s al-khalifa   l lakshmanan   a nierman & hellip ; of michigan   april 2002 . http://www . eecs . umich .  
rate-basedqueryoptimizationfor streaming information sources njf viglase proceedings of acm sigmod   madison   wi    
energy transfer and shock wave generation at the collision of laser-driven macroparticle t pisarczyk   s borodziuk   nn demchenko   sy guskov   proc . 28th eclim    
are quorums an alternative for data replication ? r jimenez-peris   m patino-martinez   g alonso   b acm transactions on database systems   2003.0 
the role of metallothionein in cadmium-induced bone resorption mh bhattacharrya   ca blum   ak wilson see ref    
cycloidal propulsion in air . fk kirsten  1935.0 
an experimental and theoretical study of high repetition rate q-switched nd : yag lasers rb chesler   ma karr   je geusic proc . ieee    
sea breeze effects on large-scale atmospheric flow h savijarvi contributions to atmospheric physics   1995.0 
interaction of drugs with microtubule proteins l wilson   jr bamburg   sb mizel   lm grisham   km fed proc   1974.0 
zusammenfassende darstebbung zum verstã $ ndnis des gleichnisses dg vom verlorenen sohnâ ?? eine   
report on the dagstuhl seminar â ?? data quality on the webâ ?? m gertz   g saake   k sattler sigmod record   2004.0 
hydrogen energy futures : scenario planning by the us doe hydrogen technical advisory panel j ohi & hellip ; world hydrogen energy conference   montreal   canada   june    
enhancing the group decision making process : an intelligent systems architecture r agarwal   k prasad   
an extension of the theorem of the virial ea milne phil . mag    
querying in highly distributed environments t imielski   br badrinath proc . 18th vldb conf    
examination of fission frag m ent tracks with an electron microscope ech silk   rs barnes  1959.0 
annual stats pack pf magazine seattle    
evaluation des tempã © ratures neutroniques dans les zones de rã © action d'oklo   par lâ ?? ã © tude des p holliger   c devillers   g retali proceedings   le phã © nomã ¨ ne d &#39; oklo : vienna   international & hellip ;    
object decomposition for spatial query processing yj lee   sj lee   cw chung   
the grammars of trust : a model and general implications bh sheppard   dm sherman the academy of management review   1998.0 
energy efficient indexing on air t irniefinski   s vishwanathan   br badrinath ln proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
a dataflow/von neumann hybrid ar-chitecture a robert technical report tr-4l8   massachusetts institute of technology  
information visualization guest editors ' foreword e ioannidis   r beigel   b shneiderman   jb kennedy   sigmod record   1996.0 
intrusion-detection for incident-response   using a military battlefield-intelligence process j yuill   f wu   j settle   f gong   r forno   m huang   computer networks   2000.0 
predicting sales rates for thousands of retail traders t ragg   w menzel   w baum   m wigbers d. tsaptsinos : proceedings of the international conference & hellip ;    
the physical and biological effects of high frequency sound waves of great intensity rw wood   al loomis phil . mag    
rainbow turan problems p keevash   d mubayi   b sudakov   j verstraete   
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases p sundaresan   k baclawski   s englert   j gray   
the halo effect : evidence for unconscious alteration of judgments re nisbett   td wilson journal of personality and social psychology    
index interpolation : an approach to subsequence matching supporting normalization transform in time - wk loh   sw kim   
th . von clarmann   m. birk und g. wagner   interconsistency checks of clono 2 retrievals from mipas-b h oelhaf   g wetzel   m hopfner   f friedl-vallon   n proc . int . radiation symposium    
highly-available   fault-tolerant   parallel dataflows ma shah acm sigmod conference   2004.0 
air synthetic force development e harvey   p feldmann position paper   engineering demonstration    
bv rybakov cross sections for the fission of th-232   u235 and u238 induced by 10-22 mev neutrons vm pankratov   na vlasov at . energy    
crm : making all the pieces fit d smedley computerworld    
chamberlin.â ?? query by hummingâ ?? l ghias proceedings of acm multimedia    
demonstration of human papillomavirus dna in two keratoacanthomas h pfister   a gassenmaier   pg fuchs archives of dermatological research   1986.0 
2000 end of year report on campus outreach initiatives m casas   s fenstermaker  1999.0 
estimating life insurance needs : an empirical investigation of buyer preferences rs elliott proceedings of the 25 thannual meeting of the midwest & hellip ;    
using caching   cache indexing   and differential techniques to efficiently support transaction time . cs jensen   l mark   n roussopoulos   t sellis md    
chilean typhoid committee . 1987 . large-scale field trial of ty21a live oral typhoid vaccine in mm levine   c ferreccio   re black   r germanier lancet  
letâ ?? s eavesdrop on managers . s marx   t gary computerworld    
possibilities of deep burnup of americium and neptunium in the core of a fast sodium-cooled reactor ev poplavskaya   va eliseev at .  
the determination of wage and price inflation in greece : an application of modern cointegration sg hall   n zonzilos   
metskerâ ?? s atlas of pierce county c metsker metsker map company . seattle   washington    
convergence of a neural network classier js baras   a la vigna proc . 29th ieee conf . on decision and  
biodegradation of polyglycolic acid in bone tissue : an experimental study on rabbits s vainionpã $ ã $ archives of orthopaedic and trauma surgery   1986.0 
action potential transfer at the purkinje-ventricular junction : role of transitional cells ao verkerk   mw veldkamp   acg van ginneken   r   
encouraging self-assessment : writing as active learning eh hobson new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
peer to peer streaming media delivery d stolarz   
quick studyâ ?? smart cards : standards are the next frontier for smart cards ks nash computerworld    
how quality contributes consumer satisfaction : a preliminary study to investigate how hotel h nadiri 6th international conference : quality management and & hellip ;    
velocimetry in gas flows using pulsed laser induced photothermal effects ( abstract only ) jp vattulainen   r hernberg oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
towards a computational theory of discourse interpretation bj grosz   ak joshi   s weinstein unpublished manuscript    
hot action at work : a different understanding ofâ ?? understandingâ ?? d beckett new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
operative therapiemã ¶ glichkeiten des knorpelschadens ac burkart   pb schoettle   ab imhoff der unfallchirurg   2001.0 
on work-hardening in ordered alloys ae vidoz   lm brown phil . mag    
effects of ethnic group cultural differences on cooperative and competitive behavior on a group task th cox   sa lobel   pl mcleod the academy of management journal   1991.0 
developing community through experiential education s rubin new directions for higher education   2000.0 
distributed pagerank computation based on iterative aggregation-disaggregation methods y zhu   s ye   x li proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
multiple access protocols : performance and analysis r rom   m sidi  1990.0 
developing a personal and professional agenda for change . e hayes new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
security of statistical databases : multidimensional transformation jan schlijrer   u ulm   w germany acm transactions on database systems   1981.0 
performance in planningâ ?? smart systems for the access network de asumu   j mellis bt technology journal   1998.0 
thesprite network operating system j ousterhout   a cherenson   f douglis   m nelson   b ieee computer    
sampling large databases for association rules h toivonen vldb   1996.0 
users guide to lowtran-7 optical/infrared technology division . us air force geophysics laboratory   fx kneizys   ep shettle   lw abreuâ ? ¦  1988.0 
bacterial biogeochemistry : the ecophysiology of mineral cycling : : academic press t fenchel   gm king   th blackburn san diego    
accurate one pass decision tree construction r jin   a goswami   g agrawal   
compact fiber-pigtailed terahertz imaging system jv rudd   d zimdars   m warmuth proc . spie   2000.0 
how welfare and work policies affect children : a synthesis of the literature p morris   a huston   g duncan   d crosby   j bos manpower demonstration research corporation    
dans proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference m skubiszewski   p valduriez athens ( greece )    
earthquake hazard of the santa barbara fold belt   california ea keller   ld gurrola  2000.0 
gis based oil spill response atlas td gilbert & hellip ; australian marine and coastal data management conference & hellip ;    
on ( he expressive power of logic progrumming languages with scis gm kupcr proc . acm pods    
estimating arbitrary subset sums with few probes n alon   n duffield   c lund   m thorup   
data structures & algorithm analysis in c++ . ( 2 . ed ) addison wesley ma weiss  1999.0 
mode-select bits md md   
a dbms prototype to surt extended nf2-relations : an integrated view on at tables and hierarchies p dadam   k kuspert   f anderson   h blanken   r erbe   proc . of acm/sigmod    
macrocyclic polyether syntheses gw gokel   sh korzeniowski  1982.0 
indexing images in oracle8i m annamalai   r chopra   s defazio   s mavris acm sigmod record   2000.0 
substrate and plasma heating within high frequency pulsed-dc magnetron sputtering applications l mahoney   g mcdonough   d carter   g roche   h walde 46th avs international symposium   seattle   washington   usa   & hellip ;    
documentation for the gamit gps software analysis   release 10 : massachusetts institute of technology rw king   y bock san diego    
calcium channel blockers for inhibiting preterm labour jf king   vj flenady   dn papatsonis   ga dekker   b cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
practical privacy : the sulq framework a blum   c dwork   f mcsherry   k nissim   
within-slide normalization using localized print-tip characteristics for cdna microarray data j berger   s hautaniemi   s mitra   j astola  2003.0 
speaking orbs-interactive multi-participant sound sculpture e ask demonstration at the 1 stworkshop on new interfaces for & hellip ;    
feedback driven instruction-set extension u kastens   dk le   a slowik   m thies   
implementing and maintaining a classroom research program for faculty . ne stetson new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
ref editors . knowledge interchange format   version 3.0 reference manual mr genesereth technical report   computer science department   stanford  
determination of mercury with zeeman graphite furnace aas z grobenski   w erler   u voellkopf  1985.0 
floer homologies of rational homology 3-spheres r lee   w li   
statistical comparison and evaluation of pilot protection schemes eo schweitzer iii   jj kumm   
microtheme strategies for developing cognitive skills jc bean   d drenk   fd lee new directions for teaching and learning : teaching writing & hellip ;    
dual-pumping schemes for efficient thulium-doped tellurite fiber amplifiers a cucinotta   f poli   s selleri proc . 29th eur . conf . optical  
ndpollex : comparative polynesian lexicon b biggs   r clark electronic  
how to use virtual environments for engineering projects o riedel   r breining   h scharm   
indexing on air t imielinski   s viswanathan   br badrinath proceedings of acm sigmod  
iddq testing in deep submicron integrated circuits ac miller proc . int . test conf   1999.0 
assessing post-bankruptcy performance : an analysis of reorganized firms ' cash flows mj alderson   bl betker   
mri atlas of the human cerebellum academic press j schmahmann   j doyon   aw toga   m petrides   ac san diego    
illiberal education : the politics of race and sex on campus 1991  1991.0 
path constraints on structured and semistructured data p buneman   w fan   s weinstein proc . acm pods conference    
catastrophic neck-flow transition during laser-heated drawing d poly ( ethylene terephthalate ) fiber y ohkoshi   j watanabe   w okumura   y gotoh   m senâ ?? i gakkaishi    
unveiling some of the mystery of professional judgment in classroom assessment bw speck new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
effects of feeding different protein/energy levels and essential fatty acids on growth   physiology e fountoulaki  2004.0 
explanation for optical frequency dependent polarization in blazars ( abstract only ) l valtaoja oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
vertical migration of radionuclides in the soil of the eastern ural wake and its effect on the va baturin at .  
multidimensional access methods : trees have grown t sellis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos   
an evaluation of evolved term-weighting schemes in information retrieval r cummins   coâ ?? riordan proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
muslims refuse to worship in dome . v combe electronic telegraph    
high frequency components recovery in music signals m brejl   v sebesta radioengineering-prague -   1999.0 
zooplankton vertical migration and the active transport of dissolved organic and inorganic carbon in dk steinberg   ca carlson   nr bates   sa goldthwait     
im everywhere c metz   j clyman   m todd pc magazine    
change detection in hierarchically structured information ss chawathe   a rajaraman   h garcia-molina   j widom sigmod conference   1996.0 
elektrische bodenstabilizierung fp jaecklin  1968.0 
linear forests and ordered cycles g chen   
performance modellingâ ?? what   why   when and how p singleton bt technology journal   2002.0 
protecting the pipe from malicious peers b cooper   m bawa   n daswani   h garcia-molina submitted for  
peer-to-peer management of xml data : issues and research challenges g koloniari   e pitoura sigmod record   2005.0 
methods of external exposure dosimetry and their application dsc thesis f spurny czech technical university prague    
becoming critically reflective through action reflection learning tm . joâ ?? neil   vj marsick new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
andg . heidorn ( 1985 ) . extracting semantichierarchies fromalarge on-line dictionary m chodorow   r byrd proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association  
a group mobility model for ad hoc wireless networks g bianchi   x hong   m gerla   g pei   cc chiang proceedings of acm/ieee mswim    
nonparametric extreme regression quantiles v chernozhukov unpublished manuscript    
hierarchical prex cubes for range-sum queries cy chan   ye ioannidis proceedings of the 25th international conference on very  
myosin ii activation promotes neurite retraction during the action of rho and rho-kinase m amano   k chihara   n nakamura   y fukata   t yano   genes to cells   1998.0 
dispersal patterns of maternal polar bears from the denning concentration on wrangel island gw garner   se belikov   ms stishov   vg barnes   sa international conference on bear research and management    
procps monitoring tools f strauss   o wellnitz  1998.0 
democratizing action research at work : a scandinavian model . m elden   r gjersvik new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
algorithms and systems for shared access to a robotic streaming video camera d song proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
lattice decoded nested codes achieve the poltyrev exponent u erez   r zamir   
collective action by women in community-based program planning sm scott   m schmitt-boshnick new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
comparing machine learning and knowledge discovery in databases : an application to knowledge y kodratoff   
rainbow : distributed database system for classroom education and experimental research a helal   h li proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
retrieving and transferring embodied data : implications for the management of interdependence within a king management science   1999.0 
constraint management in loosely coupled distributed databases ss chawathe   h garcia-molina   j widom   
agile manufacturing finds firmer ground ar earls computerworld    
rising sun : imode and the wireless internet sj barnes   sl huff communications-acm   2003.0 
ideologically structured action : an enlarged agenda for social movement research mn zald mobilization-san diego -   2000.0 
the quantum theory of radiation and line spectra w wilson phil . mag    
strategic laboratory use : how to use hypothesis-based laboratory testing d hancock proc . 28th annu . conv . am . assn. bov . pract.   san antonio   & hellip ;    
incorporating query term dependencies in language models for document retrieval m srikanth   r srihari   
computer supported cooperative work and groupware : a survey of systems and the behavioral and social j grudin   s poltrock proceedings of acm  
advancing service-learning at research universities a furco new directions for higher education   2001.0 
attitudes toward rape : a comparative analysis of police   rapists   crisis counselors   and citizens hs feild journal of personality and social psychology    
multiple uses of frequent sets and condensed representations h mannila   h toivonen proc . kdd    
application-specific path switching : a case study for streaming video s tao   r guerin   
heat transfer aj chapman   
formal semantics and analysis of object queries gm bierman   
cognitive modeling demonstrates how people use anticipated location knowledge of menu items aj hornof   de kieras   
dcom   activex and corba must live together m dolgicer   p fischer application development trends   1997.0 
integrated parallel prefetching and caching t kimbrel   p cao   ew felten   ar karlin   k li proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;   1996.0 
experimental studies of deposition by debris flows : process   characteristics of deposits   and jj major seattle   washington    
capturing both types and constraints in data integration m benedikt   cy chan   w fan   j freire   r rastogi sigmod conference   2003.0 
on system designs for distributed   extensible framework for network monitoring and control h li   s yang   js baras & hellip ; to ifip/ieee international conference on management of & hellip ;    
apocrypha : making p2p overlays network-aware p ganesan   q sun   h garcia-molina   
a and pitt gd 1971 ja wilson phil . mag    
psoup : a system for streaming queries over streaming data s chandrasekaran   mj franklin the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
infomediary j king computerworld    
peer-to-peer architecture case study : gnutella network m ripeanu   
an optimized hill climbing algorithm for feature subset selection : evaluation on handwritten cm nunes   c kaestner   r sabourin   
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems byh garcia-molina 27 thinternational conference on very large data bases    
a reservation protocol for broadcast wdm networks and stability analysis v sivaraman   gn rouskas computer networks   2000.0 
a model for availability analysis of distributed software/hardware systems cd lai   m xie   kl poh   ys dai   p yang information & software technology   2002.0 
education   attainment and the geography of choice m bradford geography    
snakes and sandwiches : optimal clustering strategies or a warehouse hv jagadish   lv lakshmanan   d srivastava proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod conference   philadelphia    
streaming raidtm-a disk array management system for stored video f tobagi   j pang   r baird   m gang proceedings of acm multimedia    
how aristotle discovered dna m delbrã 1/4 ck aip conference proceedings   1976.0 
balkan ( endemic ) nephropathy and a toxin-producing strain of â ?? penicillium verrucosumâ ?? var â ?? jm barnes   pkc austwick   rl carter   fv flynn   gc lancet i   1977.0 
resilience-recovery factors in post-traumatic stress disorder among female and male vietnam veterans la king   dw king   ja fairbank   tm keane   ga adams journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
declare and sds : early efforts to commercialize deductive database technology w kleã?ling   h schmidt   w strauã ?   g dã 1/4 nzinger the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
pacific coast clam fisheries td schink   ka mcgraw   kk chew  1983.0 
kathy alcock p geographer   t geography geography   2005.0 
the statistical analysis of compositional data : chapman and hall j aitchison new york    
draftâ ?? bellevue smart traveler phase 2 m haselkorn   e jacobson  1994.0 
senior executives ' use of information technology ggm pijpers   t bemelmans   fj heemstra information & software technology   2001.0 
shape understanding : knowledge generation and learning z les ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
let 's search for songs by humming n kosugi   y nishihara   s kon ` ya   m yamamuro   k proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   1999.0 
wal-mart asks for a return m wagner   
hill : weaving relations for cache performance a ailamaki   dj dewitt   d mark submitted for publication   february    
at home in the universe s kauffman   
enhancing the lecture : revitalizing a traditional format cc bonwell new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
fda   us dhew   rockville aac recommenda-tions md    
guest editorsâ ?? introduction : special section on peer-to-peer-based data management ef bertino   ac squicciarini ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
de crisis overwonnen-kwaliteit   produktiviteit en concurrentiepositie we deming isbn    
beginning aymara ; a course for english speakers . p wexlerâ ? ¦  1967.0 
the influences of modeling : gaining competence and confidence to teach np gallavan   lg putney   d brantley social studies and the young learner   2002.0 
who matters to ceos ? an investigation of stakeholder attributes and salience   corporate performance   br agle   rk mitchell   ja sonnenfeld the academy of management journal   1999.0 
a stream database for network applications c cranor   t johnson   o spataschek   vs gigascope proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference  
mining web logs for predictions models in wwe caching and prefetching q yang   h zhang   ity li proc . of acm sigkddâ ?? 2001    
surfing wavelets on streams : one-pass summaries for approximation aggregate queries ac gilbert   y kotidis   s muthukrishnan   mt strauss proceedings of 27 thvery large data bases ( vldb ) conference    
differential calculus on compact matrix pseudogroups ( quantum groups ) sl woronowicz communications in mathematical physics   1989.0 
energy efficient indexing on air t imiehnski   s viswanathan   br badrinath proc . acm sigmod conference    
the modern campus dn langenberg   dz spicer new directions for higher education   2001.0 
datamine-interactive rule discovery system t imielinski   a virmani   
guest editorsâ ?? introduction to the special section on scientific workflows b ludascher   c goble sigmod record   2005.0 
assessing the work environment for creativity tm amabile   r conti   h coon   j lazenby   m herron the academy of management journal   1996.0 
way past word processing h holland electronic learning    
motion compensating field interpolation using a hierarchically structured displacement estimator . m bierling   r thoma signal proc.   1986.0 
the complexity of querying indefinite data about linearly ordered domains r van der meyden   
timber : a native xml database   2003 hv jagadish   s al-khalifa   a chapman   lvs vldb  
potential benefits of delta encodingand data compressionfor http jc mogul   f douglis   a feldmann   b krishnamurthy proc . acm sigcomm    
on the velocity and mass of ions in the electric wind in air ap chattock phil . mag    
remembrance of streams past : overload-sensitive management of archived streams s chandrasekaran   mj franklin proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
solar thermal energy b everett see ref    
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension v lure   r dadam   r erbe   j guenauer   p pistor   g acm sigmod international conference on the management of  
an experimental vm/370 based information system jj donovan   r fessel   sg greenberg   lm gutentag vldb    
denoising by singularity detection h tai-chiu   ld pak-kong proc . int . symp . circuits syst    
fast and stable algorithms for hierarchically semi-separable representations s chandrasekaran   m gu   t pals submitted for publication   2004.0 
hemostasis manual la harker  1970.0 
neuroleptic reduction and/or cessation and neuroleptics as specific treatments for tardive jj mcgrath   kv soares cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
genetic structure of north american birds gf barrowclough   nk johnson proc . int . ornithol . congr    
target seeking crawlers and their topical performance [ a ] p srinivasan   g pant   f menczer proceedings of sigir conference on research and development & hellip ;   2002.0 
global pollution with 137 cs and 90 sr and external exposure doses on the territory of the soviet li boltneva   ya izrael   va ionov   im nazarov at . energ    
join index hierarchies for supporting efficient navigations in object-oriented databases z xie   j han vldb   1994.0 
voltage ranking using artificial neural network kl lo   wp luan   m given   jf macqueen   ao ekwue   am electronic engineering   1999.0 
region-annotated types and type schemes   1996 m tofte   l birkedal submitted for  
qualitative modeling and similarity in back of the envelope reasoning pk paritosh   kd forbus   
sequential i/o on windows nt : achieving top performance e riedel   c ingen   j gray microsoft research technical report msr-tr-97-34    
the r-operator : enabling querying for semantic associations on the semantic web k anyanwu   
journal writing in practice : from vision to reality lm english   ma gillen new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
gigascope : a stream database for network applications t johnson   c cranor   o spatsheck   v shkapenyuk proc 2003 acm sigmod international conference on management & hellip ;    
session : shape & texture table of contents k zhou   x wang   y tong   m desbrun   b guo   hy shum proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 
markov decision processes with risksensitive average cost criterion : the discounted stochastic games r cavazos-cadena   e fernã ¡ ndez-gaucherand submitted for publication    
approximate frequency counts over streaming data g manku   r motwani proceedings of the 28th international conference on very & hellip ;    
multiple factors and latent structure wa gibson unpublished  
qos-adaptive bandwidth scheduling in continuous media streaming w lee   j srivastava   h cha information & software technology    
an information exploration environment sigmod report   25 ( 4 ) ca spotfire  1996.0 
structural evolution of a slow-spreading ridge g hirth   b ildefonse   be john   pw trimby   a submitted for publication    
how the church acts.â ?? ma as embodiment  1999.0 
querying in highly mobile environments t imielinski   b badrinath 18th proc . vldb ( aug. .  
a yeast gene product   fob 1 protein   required for both replication fork blocking and recombinational t kobayashi   t horiuchi genes to cells   1996.0 
using run-time predictions to estimate queue wait times and improve scheduler performance w smith   v taylor   i foster lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
topology information condensation in hierarchical networks p van mieghem computer networks   1999.0 
soot-a java optimization framework r vallee-rai   l hendren   v sundaresan   p lam   e proceedings of cascon    
the current state of project management research : trends   interpretations   and predictions tj kloppenborg   wa opfer project management journal   2002.0 
preference sql-design   implementation   experiences g kã ¶ stler   i tower   w kieã?ling   
multimedia service composition : a brave new topic wt balke   k nahrstedt   
fast discrete signal transforms and monomial representations of finite groups s egner   m pã 1/4 schel submitted for  
enhancing on-line learning for individuals with disabilities jm brown new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
comparing caching techniques for multitasking real-time systems cs.rochester.edu   
implementing classroom research in a state university : a developmental process . e berry new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
insurer â ?? liesâ ?? to avoid year 2000 costs t ouellette computerworld    
an integrating   transformation-oriented approach to concurrency control and undo in group editors m ressel   d nitsche-ruhland   r gunzenhauser  1996.0 
intra-and interorganizational cooperation : toward a research agenda kg smith   sj carroll   sj ashford the academy of management journal   1995.0 
sugar canes bt roach see ref    
comprehensive colour image normalization gd finlayson   b schiele   jl crowley lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
economic restructuring and black male joblessness in us metropolitan areas j johnson   m oliver urban geography    
culture and cause : american and chinese attributions for social and physical events mw morris   k peng journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
representation of three-dimensional digital images sn srihari acm computing surveys ( csur )   1981.0 
olap   relational   and multidimensional database systems g colliat sigmod record   1996.0 
the ï ? operator : discovering and ranking associations k anyanwu   a sheth   
rainbow smelt ( osmerus mordax ) spawning habitat in the weymouth-fore river bc chase   ar childs massachusetts division of marine fisheries technical report & hellip ;    
searching a minimal subset of a set of partial values fsc tseng   alp chen   wp yang the international journal of very large data bases | the vldb  
synthetic pet imaging for grasping : from primate neurophysiology to human behavior ma arbib   ah fagg   st grafton submitted for publication   2000.0 
staff development : addressing issues of race and gender . dd amstutz new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
introductory combinatorics kp bogart   
mineset ( tm ) : a system for high-end data mining and visualization mkp inc int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb &#39; 96 )   bombay   india   1996.0 
understanding adult development as narrative m rossiter new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0 
design of a high-power sheet beam klystron dul yu   pb wilson aip conference proceedings   1992.0 
the significance of natural hazards in a developing area : a case study from north queensland j oliver geography    
physica ( utrecht ) t koopmans  1934.0 
nebulised anti-pseudomonal antibiotics for cystic fibrosis g ryan   s mukhopadhyay   m singh cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
avian physiology pd sturkie  1976.0 
faculty goals and methods of instruction : approaches to classroom assessment . ds guthrie new directions for higher education   1992.0 
personality similarity in twin reared apart and together a tellegen   dt lykken   tj bouchandâ ? ¦  1988.0 
page quality : in search of an unbiased web ranking j cho   
dnre neg margins isbn    
how to read a poem : andfall in love with poetry e hirsch  1999.0 
lower palaeozoic rocks of algeria p legrand see holland    
cross-functional project groups in research and new product development : diversity   communications   rt keller   
spatial patterns of foreign investment in china 's cities   1980-1989 h gong urban geography   1995.0 
how to leak a secret rl rivest   a shamir   y tauman lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
hong kong busks asia services trend a foley computerworld    
budesonide at different doses for chronic asthma n adams   j bestall   pw jones cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
application-controlled storage management gr ganger   r grimm   mf kaashoek   dr engler   
unattended audioconferencing dl gibson   d pauley   l willis bt technology journal   1997.0 
disclosure from statistical databases : quantitative aspects of trackers jan schlijrer   u ulm   w germany acm transactions on database systems   1980.0 
a constructive view of gpsg or how to make it work s buseinann   c hauenschild procs . 12th col1ng-88   budapest    
optimizing web queries through semantic caching b chidlovskii   c roncancio   ml schneider   
traub   f. ( 1972 ) acrasiales in schweizer waeldern l margulis   jo corliss   m melkonian   dj chapman  1990.0 
dakoã?a - english dictionary project : a minnesota collaborative effort c cavender   c schommer multimedia demonstration given at the sixth annual & hellip ;    
interaction between type and path constraints p buneman   w fan   s weinstein proc . acm pods conference    
understanding soap a skonnard   
a procedure for ranking efficient units in data envelopment analysis p andersen   nc petersen management science   1993.0 
00db indexing by class-division s ramaswamy   pc kanellakis proceedings of the acm sigmod  
theories of chemisorption which incorporate band structure effects cp demelo ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1980.0 
intranasal corticosteroids for asthma control in people with coexisting asthma and rhinitis p taramarcaz   pg gibson cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
how to summarize the universe : dynamic maintenance of quantiles in intl a gilbert   y kotidis   s muthukrishnan   m strauss conf . on very large databases ( vldb )   hong kong   china   aug    
larger sperm outcompete smaller sperm in the nematode caenorhabditis elegans cw lamunyon   s ward proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0 
free-radical-mediated liver injury gl plaa see ref    
undecidability of the reachability problem for o-minimal hybrid systems   2005 t brihaye   
the wealth of nations   the modern library a smith new york    
maintenance of multidimensional histograms s muthukrishnan   m strauss   
generating a prototype from a uml model of system requirements x li   z liu   j he submitted for publication   2003.0 
evaluated phase diagrams of binary metal -- tellurium systems of the d-block transition elements   sr bharadwaj  1989.0 
editors ' notes pj gray   tw banta new directions for higher education    
reducing power consumption and enhancing performance by direct slave-to-slave and group c de morais cordeiro   s abhyankar   dp agrawal computer networks   2004.0 
statstream : statistical monitoring of thousands of data streams in real time y zhu   d shasha vldb   2002.0 
a smart start to service-learning ms rubin new directions for higher education   2001.0 
palenque : an interactive multimedia digitalvideointeractive prototypeforchildren ks wilson proc . acm  
web services selection for distributed composition of multimedia content m wagner   w kellerer proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
y fernã ¡ ndez-chamizo   c. : 1997   un enfoque basado en conocimiento para la reutilizaciã ³ n de m gã ³ mez-albarrã ¡ n   p gonzã ¡ lez-calero procs . of the conferencia de la asociaciã ³ n espaã ± ola para  
structure and semantics in oodb class specifications ej neuhold   g darmstadt sigmod record   1991.0 
north from mexico : the spanish speaking people of the united states c mcwilliams   
rigor   but not rigor mortis   in depression research pc kendall   ec flannery-schroeder journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
applying the del technique to the analysis of cross-classification data : a test of ceo succession r drazin   rk kazanjian the academy of management journal   1993.0 
kac algebras and duality of locally compact groups m enock   jm schwartz  1992.0 
iglue . v3 : an electronics metaphor for multimedia technologies integration t cabello-miguel   o fernã ¡ ndez-barracel   o garcãa proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
integrating information   applications and services on the web jc lavariega   lg gã ³ mez-martã nez   
a new character-based indexing method using frequency data for japanese documents y ogawa   m iwasaki proc . 18th acm sigir conf    
operator theory . | academic press gjm c-algebras san diego    
the formula commonly used to calculate velocity change in vehicle collisions r smith proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   1998.0 
how senior managers think . d isenberg computerworld.   1984.0 
an algorithm for in-core frequent itemset mining on streaming data r jin   g agrawal submitted for publication   2004.0 
globalised manufacturing and technology transfer strategiesâ ?? the development of a technology dj bennett   kg vaidya   hy zhao   xm wang & hellip ; of the sixth international conference on management of & hellip ;    
data mining on an oltp system ( nearly ) for free e riedel   c faloutsos   gr ganger   df nagle sigmod conference   2000.0 
timing and frequency synchronization in ofdm systems using the cyclic prefix m sandell   jj van de beek   po borjesson proc . int . symp .  
gaining public understanding for the liberal arts . lt benezet   fw magnusson new directions for higher education   1979.0 
enhancing the resistance of a provably secure key agreement protocol to a denial-of-service attack s hirose   k matsuura lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
the importance of seed source in programmes to increase species diversity in arable systems m keller  1999.0 
model-enabled control of hybrid systems s mcilraith   g biswas   m fromherz   j howe   r fikes   
implications of nd-isotopic study of proterozoic garnet amphibolites and wollastonite skarns from ar basu   be faggart   m sharma proc . 28th internat . geol . congr . washington   dc    
typing of clinical and domestic animal strains of staphylococcus aureus by aflp am simoons-smit   phm savelkoul   tm starink   c submitted for  
expansion caches for superscalar microprocessors jd johnson technical report csl-tr-94-630   stanford university   palo alto  
modeling and testing of dynamic aspects of web applications y wu   j offutt   x du submitted for publication   2004.0 
determination of radon daughtersdisequilibrium in air by gamma spectrometry c rangarajan   vr chandrasekaran   ss gopalakrishnan  1974.0 
oxford university press oe dictionary   
omdoc : an infrastructure for openmath content dictionary information m kohlhase   
learnfare : how to implement a mandatory stay-in-school program for teenage parents on welfare da long   jm bos  1998.0 
lenzerini m. [ 1994 a ]   making object-oriented schemas more expressive   in ã cents â ? ¬ proc . of the 13th acm d calvanese acm press and addison wesley   minneapolis ( minnesota    
bk taneja â ?? processing aggregate queries with hard time constraintsâ ?? wc hou   g ozsoyoglu proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
acceleration of ray-casting using 3-d distance transforms ki zuiderveld   ahj koning   ma viergever proceedings of spie   1808.0 
king arthurâ ?? s march je morris   
academic press inc r gilbert san diego    
development of high performance thermal interface material s lee   p chen intel technology symposium   seattle   washington   september    
evaluating reputation systems for document authenticity n daswani   p golle   s marti   h garcia-molina   d   
external q factor measurement of an oscillator by the injection locking ellipse f diamand   m armand electronic letters    
fine-grain distributed shared memory on clusters of workstations it schoinas  1998.0 
a reservation protocol for broadcast wdm networks and stability analysis gn rouskas   v sivaraman computer networks    
como nã # o matar a criatividade tm amabile hsm management    
andb . plattner . router plugins-amodularandextensible software framework for modern high performance d decasper   z dittia   g parulkar proc . of acm  
ling   and helmut thone . new directions for uncertainty reasoning in deductive databases u guntzer   w kie proc . acm sigmod  
nearly integrable infinite-dimensional hamiltonian systems sb kuksin  1993.0 
load-balancing solutions for static routing schemes in atm networks c casetti   rl cigno   m mellia computer networks   2000.0 
optimum space-time convolutional codes q yan   rs blum   
computer-supported cooperative work - guest editors ' introduction jd palmer   na fields ieee computer    
enhancing security of frequency domain video encryption z liu   x li   z dong proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
synthetic molecules as antibody replacements pbs molecules acc . chem . res   2004.0 
content-based image analysis : object extraction by data-mining on hierarchically decomposed medical c thies   v metzler   t aach   
rigid-rod molecules in biomembrane models : from hydrogen-bonded chains to synthetic multifunctional n sakai   j mareda   s matile acc . chem . res   2005.0 
voice recognition reaches new height with dragon naturally speaking d haskin pc magazine    
heidorn . extracting semantic hierarchies from a large on-line dictionary m chodorow   r byrd proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association  
what can you build with thousands of bricks ? musings on the cumulation of knowledge in program mw lipsey new directions for program evaluation   1997.0 
generating efficient plans for queries using views fn afrati   c li   jd ullman   
using events to build distributed applications j bacon   j bates   r hayton   k moody   
elective high frequency jet ventilation versus conventional ventilation for respiratory distress t bhuta   dj henderson-smart cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
different - adrenergic-specific molecular probes reveal the same dna species in paramecium l surmacz   k krawczyk   e wyroba cellular and molecular biology letters   1997.0 
the marriage of roi and sla t pisello computerworld    
a burst-level traffic analysis tool a evangelatos   t rapsomanikis   n mitrou   gi computer networks   2000.0 
to be presented at 9th iaea technical meeting on h-mode physics gw pacher   hd pacher   g janeschitz   as kukushkin   san diego    
vist : a dynamic index method for querying xml data by tree structures h wang   s park   w fan   ps yu sigmod conference   2003.0 
africentric philosophy : a remedy for eurocentric dominance lm hunn new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
refrigeration and air conditioning with reduced e nvironmental impact dj bateman  1999.0 
sensor fusion for mobile robot navigation m kam   x zhu   p kalata proceedings-ieee   1997.0 
how to exchange ( secret ) keys m blum acm transactions on computer systems ( tocs )   1983.0 
adopting self-directed learning in continuing professional education : physicians and architects . gj confessore   sj confessore new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
sgml : a librarian 's perceptions . j corthouts   r philips electronic library   1996.0 
temperature field in deep disposal site for liquid radioactive wastes : simulation of multistep im kosareva   mk savushkina   mm arkhipovaâ ? ¦ at .  
a comparison of shewhart control charts based on normality   nonparametrics   and extreme-value theory ra ion   r does   caj klaassen submitted for publication    
linguistic styles : language use as an individual difference jw pennebaker   la king journal of personality and social psychology   1999.0 
ad-hoc   self-supervising peer-to-peer networks b cooper   h garcia-molina technical report   stanford university    
video streaming g lawton ieee computer    
shamed into anger ? the relation of shame and guilt to anger and self-reported aggression jp tangney   p wagner   c fletcher   r gramzow journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0 
analysis of high-speed interconnects with frequency dependent parameters r khazaka   e chiprout   m nakhla   qj zhang proc . int . symp .  
the alphaslider : a compact and rapid selector b shneiderman   
evaluating teaching through teaching awards e carusetta new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
a framework for agents cooperative working in emergency management . c balducelli   m boero   b errico the proceedings of the d-ai * ia &#39; 93 3rd meeting of the & hellip ;   1993.0 
cidnp experiments with pulsed optical and pulsed radio frequency excitation s schaeublin & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;   1976.0 
interactive exploration of interesting findings in the telecommunication network alarm sequence m klemettinen   h mannila   h toivonen information and software technology   1999.0 
data quality yu huh   fr keller   tc redman   ar watkins information and software technology   1990.0 
hierarchical test generation for digital circuits represented by decision diagrams j raik  2001.0 
impact of guided mastery and enactive exploration on self-regulatory mechanisms and knowledge s debowski   re wood   a bandura submitted for publication    
m.   hassoun   ja   dudley   ra   & ward   gf ( 1992 ) jd rueb   j barnaba & hellip ; -135 crew reduction feasibility demonstration study : 3 . test  
the new grove dictionary of music and musicians   second edition   vol . 11 be humperdinck   
on the harm that pretesting does dl danilov   jr magnus submitted for publication   2001.0 
japanese syntactic lexicon in mu project y sakamoto proc . of 28th conference of ipsj    
vist : a dynamic index method for querying xml data by tree structures hwspw fan   ps yu proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
designing dbms for the temporal dimension v lum   p dadam   r erbe   j guenauer   p pistor   g proc acm sigmod    
formal semantics of sql queries m negri   g pelagatti   l sbattella acm transactions on database systems   1991.0 
applying database visualization to the world wide web mz hasan   ao mendelzon   d vista sigmod record   1996.0 
purification and properties of an extremely thermostable nadp + - specific glutamate dehydrogenase from n aalã © n   ih steen   nk birkeland   t lien archives of microbiology   1997.0 
