caldwell p consultants b pc & hellip ; for comparison of supplemental technology demonstration & hellip ;    
qualitative â ?? â ?? versusâ ?? â ?? quantitative methods in social research dept of sociology u t wilson  california at santa barbara  
process specification language : an analysis of existing representations nistir 6160 national a knutilla c schlenoff s ray st polyak a tate md    
efficient numerical error bounding for replicated network services hy aminvahdat technical report cs-2000-08 computer science department duke    
list of acronyms anxan exchange bt technology journal   2001.0 
multimedia miner : a system prototype for multimedia data mining j han sh chee jy chiang proceedings of acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0    
a data warehouse intelligent cache manager [ c ] proc of the 22nd vldb conf p schenermannâ ? ¦   
contextual method for the re-design of existing software products r jones n milic-frayling k rodden a blackwell    
evaluation of local detectors on non-planar scenes f fraundorfer h bischof    
address compression through base register caching a park m farrens   
santilliâ ?? s lieâ ?? isotopic generalization of galileiâ ?? s and einsteinâ ?? s relativities ( 1990 ) ak aringazin a jannussis df lopez m nishioka b  kostarakis publisher athens greece  
rainwater-harvesting agriculture for food production in arid zones : the challenge of the african applied geography hj bruins m evenari u nessler   
rethinking risk financing 1996.0 cp helbling g fallegger d hill   
the future of fiber-optic computer networks pe greenâ ? ¦   
socioeconomic restructuring and regional change : rethinking growth in the european community . 1994.0 a rodriguez-pose economic geography  
modes of action of fk506 cyclosporin a and rapamycin r morris 1994.0  transplantation proceedings  
the lilog knowledge representation system acm sigart bulletin t bollinger u pletat  1991.0 
dynamic performance and minimum loading effects of an isolated self-excited reluctance generator ys wang    
pulsar-appropriate clock statistics proc . 28th annual precision time and time interval ( ptti ) & hellip ; d matsakis f josties   
on the instability of cylindrical fluid surfaces l rayleigh phil . mag  
dictionary methods for cross-lingual information retrieval lecture notes in computer science l ballesteros wb croft  1996.0 
er mapper user guide . 922 p er mapping san diego    
experience building the open oodb query optimizer a joseâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm    
charge-based proportional scheduling . technical memorandum mit/lcs/tm -529 january 1995 mit laboratory for computer u maheshwari   
repeated lumbar or ventricular punctures in newborns with intraventricular hemorrhage cochrane database syst rev a whitelaw  2001.0 
creating multimedia to die for 1994.0 r raskin pc magazine-american edition -  
operating systems : an advanced course jn gray lecture notes in computer science    
routing worm : a fast selective attack worm based on ip address information cc zou d towsley w gong s cai   
cross-cultural field study . j duley new directions for higher education 1974.0 
principles of peptide synthesis m bodanszky  1993.0 
simplifying the representation of radiance from multiple emitters g drettakis 1994.0  submitted for publication  
linking learning teaching and development new directions for adult and continuing education m fiddler c marienau  1995.0 
of pilgrims and turkey : a look at thanksgivings past and present . teacher 's roundtable . c sage social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
msn messenger 5.0 msn messenger microsoft corporation  
kanata : adaptation and evolution in data sharing systems p andritsos a fuxman a kementsietsidis rj  acm sigmod record 2004.0 
perceived organizational support and leader-member exchange : a social exchange perspective sj wayne lm shore rc liden  the academy of management journal 1997.0 
is splitting focal attention mediated by exogenous orienting of attention unpublished manuscript l macdonald   
older learners : a viable clientele . km o'donnell new directions for higher education 1980.0 
mechanical behavior of steam-treated spruce wood under compressive strain pp kã $ renlampi p tynjã $ lã $ p strã ¶ m submitted for  
whither engineering?â ?? thinking for the future av lewis bt technology journal   1999.0 
usage scenarios of dbms keynote 25th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ; r munz   
rethinking database system architecture : towards a self-tuning risc-style database system vldb s chaudhuri g weikum  2000.0 
characterization of human ocular mucin secretion mediated by 15 ( s ) - hete 2002.0 je jumblatt lt cunningham y li mm jumblatt cornea-new york -  
bancilhon . f. & mark r. ( 1995 ) . objects and sql : strange relations cj date m nelson    
the linear rational collocation method with iteratively optimized poles for two-point boundary value jp berrut hd mittelmann submitted for publication  
merging models based on given correspondences pa bernstein ra pottinger  proc . 29th vldb conference berlin  
rooted circuits of closed-set systems and a max-flow min-cut theorem for stem clutters of affine submitted for m hachimori m nakamura   
efficient peer-to-peer keyword searching . february 2002 p reynolds a vahdat unpublished  
gillies ; ja ; moosmã 1/4 ller h. ; rogers cf ; dubois dw ; derby j jg watson jc chow  effectiveness demonstration of fugitive dust control methods  
products of modal logics 1997 d gabbay v shehtman    
two-dimensional transesophageal echocardiography in early diagnosis and treatment of hemodynamic transplant proc 1991.0 h steltzer g blazek a gabriel k leitner n   
sustainable community indicators : guideposts for local planning . community environmental council j zachary inc. santa barbara california    
semantics of recursive relationships in entity-relationship model information and software technology hk lee  1999.0 
bringing object-relational technology to mainstream v krishnamurthy s banerjee a nori 1999.0  sigmod conference  
quantum complexity of numerical problems s heinrich  submitted for  
preliminary experience with process modeling in the marvel software development environment kernel ge kaiser    
adaptive application-specific garbage collection s soman c krintz d bacon   
pc-hypertext a poor pc magazine    
output feedback variable structure controllers and state estimators for uncertain/nonlinear dynamic sh zak   
case tool construction for a parallel software development methodology jp gray 1997.0  information and software technology  
interoperating geographic information systems mf goodchildâ ? ¦ 1999.0    
challenges for spoken dialog systems 1999.0 jr glass   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?compiled - directed data prefetching in multiprocessors with memory hierarchyã cents â ? ¬ â ? eh gomish ed granston av veidenbnum procs . of 17th isca    
work initiatives for welfare recipients : lessons from a multi-state experiment jm gueron   1986.0 
a model and a method for logical data base design vldb a flory j kouloumdjian   
fairness and social risk i : unaggregated analyses pc fishburn rk sarin management science 1994.0 
conversational video over ip a auchterlonie bt technology journal 2004.0 
converting relational to object-oriented databases 1997.0 j fong sigmod record  
chord : a sclable peerto-peer lookup service for internet applications proc . acm i stoica r morris d karger mf kaashoek h   
real-time numerical peak detector . f blais m rioux signal proc. 1986.0    
physician-patient communication in the urban clinical setting bulletin-new york academy of medicine dm levine  1994.0 
first lakhtin memorial lecture : international federation for heat treatment and surface engineering t bell  zurich switzerland  
a novel dna polymerase in the hyperthermophilic archaeon pyrococcus furiosus : gene cloning genes to cells t uemori y sato i kato h doi y ishino  1997.0 
how state regulatory agencies address privatization : the case of wastewater treatment jg heilman gw johnson new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
electricity restructuring : deregulation or reregulation ? s borenstein j bushnell   
writing secure code 2nd ed. ser . best practices m howard d leblanc 2003.0    
compiled by salley oberlin and joyce cox 1989.0 c yearbook   
getting the best from formal methods information and software technology 1999.0 jb wordsworth   
where angels fear to tread and why ra berk 1982.0  new directions for program evaluation  
business networking in the swatch group r alt electronic markets 1999.0    
smith . bl ( 1990 ) . learning communities : building connections among disciplines students and faculty f gabelnick j macgregor r matthews new directions in teaching and    
an exact algorithm for the min-interference frequency assignment problem 1999.0 v maniezzo r montemanni submitted for publication  
virtual try-on in a department store b spanlang t vassilev bf buxton  eurasia tex athens greece november  
mathematics teacher belief system : exploring the social foundation p gates proceedings of the 25 thconference of the international & hellip ;    
lipschitz maps on trees s todorcevic   
the black-scholes option pricing problem in mathematical finance : generalization and extension to a journal de physique i jp bouchaud d sornette   
encapsulation of parallelism in the volcano processing systems g graefe proc . 1990 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
bergey 's manual of systematic bacteriology vol 1 . williams & wilkens baltimore md nr krieg jg holt   
the past present and future of web services u ogbuji   
mood effects on person-perception judgments jp forgas gh bower journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0    
w. mckenna and g. graefe expersiences building the opern oodb query optimizer j balkeley  proc . acm sigmod  
java and relational databases g clossman p shaw m hapner j klein r  proceedings of 1998 acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
linking school and work for disadvantaged youths : the yiepp demonstration : final implementation 1982.0 wa diaz   
microsoft exchange server 2003 wr stanek 2004.0    
keynote address t bailey  women in aviation international conference reno nv march  
linking community resources to family survival strategies r shaffer   1996.0 
a case of withdrawal from the ghb precursors gamma-butyrolactone and 1 4-butanediol ab schneir bt ly rf clark  journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
an immittance-type stability test for two-dimensional digital filters y bistritz  proc . 28th asilomar conf . signals systems computers  
beam test results of ion-implanted silicon strip detectors on a 100 mm wafer ( abstract only ) i hietanen j lindgren r orava t tuuva r oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
native trout of western north america . american fisheries society betheseda rj behnke md  
the basic dilemma : sovereignty or assimilation t schouls j olthuis d engelstad nation    
high-involvement work practices turnover and productivity : evidence from new zealand jp guthrie    
an overview and classification of mediated query systems . acms anthology sigmod record   1999.0 
empirical evaluation of reuse sensitiveness of complexity metrics 1999.0 m oshige n aoyagi pv harris kc burtis k information and software technology  
a new conception of service : principles and strategies . new directions for higher education 1973.0 j katz   
information literacy at universities : challenges and solutions . me wiggins new directions for higher education   1992.0 
logical introduction to databases j grant   1987.0 
recent bt patents 1999.0 mi strange bt technology journal  
discovery of multiple-level association rules from large databases in proc . 1995 int j han y fu conf . very large data bases zurich switzerland sept  
a reflection model for computer graphics acm tog rl cook ke torrance   
databases on the web : technologies for federation architectures and case studies ( tutorial ) . acms anthology p edition    
trees : structure and function mh zimmermann cl brown mt tyree   1971.0 
fiorina charts hp 's new course pc m miller   
goodman . n. â ?? timestamp-based algorithms for concurrency control in distributed database systems p bernstein  proc . 6th vldb cot & mexico city mexico oct  
application of oodb and sgml techniques in text database : an electronic dictionary system sigmod record j zhang  1995.0 
customer service systemâ ?? past present and future pf harrison bt technology journal 1997.0    
challenges facing shared governance within the college cc morphew new directions for higher education 1999.0    
international networking in long-term ecological research . rw nottrott jf franklin jr vande castle  seattle  
knowing and caring about children of the depression m zarnowski social studies and the young learner 1996.0    
horizontal data partitioning in database systems s ceri m negri g pelagatti proc . of the acm sigmod international conference on  
practical problems in data management : a position paper j gray  proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
carey . programmingconstructs fordatabase systemimplementationinexodus j richardsonandm proc . of sigmod    
an organization-wide approach to improving ed patient satisfaction : one community teaching lm vescio sp donahoe c gentile journal of emergency nursing 1999.0    
algorithmic approaches to training support vector machines : a survey c colin  proceedings of esann2000 ( d-facto publications belgium )  
efficient wavelength routing on directed fiber trees 1996.0 c kaklamanis p persiano lecture notes in computer science  
the garbage collection advantage : improving program locality x huang   
a survey of terminal protocols fn magnee a endrizzi j day  computer networks  
context an associative media browser g davenport m murtaugh  proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
managing checkpoints for parallel programs j pruyne m livny 1996.0  lecture notes in computer science  
ouvrages de rã © fã © rence sgml proceedings of : deuxiã ¨ me ã © cole d &#39; ã © tã © sgml talloires ( & hellip ; f chahuneau   
best-effort cache synchronization with source cooperation sigmod conference c olston j widom  2002.0 
social capital development and access to resources in highland ecuador [ * ] . a bebbington t perreault 1999.0  economic geography  
automatic normalistation and entity : relationship generation through attributes and roles k meyer j doughty acm sigmod record 1984.0    
networking saves $ $ for new york school district . k forman 1983.0  electronic education  
bounded aggregation : offering a precision-performance tradeoff in replicated systems proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; c olston j widom   
pleurodesis for malignant pleural effusions p shaw r agarwal cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
partitioned garbage collection or a large object store u maheshwari b liskov & hellip ; of the acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
6.0 professional edition c visual microsoft corporation  
broadband signalling-acronyms ig dufour 1998.0  bt technology journal  
a systematic review of existing quality assessment tools used to assess the quality of diagnostic p whiting a rutjes j dinnes jb reitsma p   
development of financial markets and corporate governance in the russian federation j litwak  aaass meetings in seattle washington ( november )  
taking multicultural math seriously . perspectives . cc shaw  social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
two-dimensional electrophoresis of proteins discriminates aphid clones of sitobion avenae differing d papura e jacquot ca dedryver s luche g archives of virology   2002.0 
harbor porpoise phocoena phocoena population assessment studies for oregon and washington in 1993 . md s osmek pe rosel ae dizon rl delong   
cognitive science and the work of reform df halpern new directions for higher education 2002.0 
on the algorithmic implementation of multiclass kernel-based vector machines k crammer y singer  journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
concept-based interactive query expansion bm fonseca p golgher b pã ´ ssas b ribeiro-neto proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0    
home is where your phone is : usability evaluation of mobile phone ui for a smart home t koskela k vaananen-vainio-mattila l lehti 2004.0  lecture notes in computer science  
future domain powerscsi connects peripherals pc magazine 1993.0 j karney   
towards a semantic view of an extended entity-relationship model u hohenstein m gogolla  acm transactions on database systems  
effects of group identity on resource use in a simulated commons dilemma rm kramer mb brewer 1984.0  journal of personality and social psychology  
on the type accuracy of garbage collection m hirzel a diwan    
new materials and methods for permanent teaching displays . cc gilson 1978.0  j audiov media med  
index research ( panel session ) : forest or trees ? jm hellerstein hp kriegel d comet c falsutsos  acm computing surveys  
graph-based hierarchical conceptual clustering journal of machine learning research i jonyer dj cook lb holder  2001.0 
creating business value through information technology : the effects of chief information officer and cp armstrong v sambamurthy   
6nh s street sw london    
eine neue methode zur erforschung der zugorientierung und die bisher damit erzielten ergebnisse g kramer proc . int . ornithol . congr    
exit-beihilfe zum suizid 1990â ?? 2000 medical dissertation . university of zurich switzerland e ulrich   
safety assessment principles for nuclear power reactors hmni inspectorate  isbn  
interventions to improve antibiotic prescribing practices for hospital inpatients p davey e brown l fenelon r finch i gould g cochrane database syst rev   2005.0 
whereâ ?? s 3d now ? pc magazine d salvator   
chen p. p '' the entity-relationship model-toward a unified view of data pp chen  acm transactions on database systems  
qualitative analysis by spot tests f feigl new york  
data grid services for biodiversity informatics lkw leong p coddington a wendelborn international journal of information  
fischer black 's contributions to corporate finance financial management sc myers  1996.0 
utilization of forest resources by microbial enzymatical and chemical conversion s tachibana m sumimoto  i. mokuzai gakkaishi  
numerical heat transfer and fluid flow 1980.0 sv patankar   
linking teacher education and liberal learning . r wisniewski new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0    
tetrahedron lett y fu tj miller lgj hammarstrã ¶ m ml mclaughlin  2000.0 
mediated voice communication via mobile ip c schmandt j kim k lee g vallejo m ackerman    
reading for everyone : expanding literacy options . c miller a rash    
maternal antigen avoidance during pregnancy for preventing atopic disease in infants of women at cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 ms kramer   
introducing microsoft dot-net ds platt   2001.0 
living together : rationality sociality and obligation . lanham m gilbert  md  
algorithmic aspects of multiversion concurrency control proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; t hadzilacos ch papadimitriou  1985.0 
the death of film ? s grotta d grotta  pc magazine  
fujii-kuriyama : cytochrome-p450 1993 t omura y ishimura    
an introduction to the win32 api . rh shaw  pc magazine  
evaluating the quality of entity relationship models s kesh information and software technology    
on the qualitative representation of spatial knowledge in 2d space vldb journal d papadias t sellis  1994.0 
data mapping in p2p systems : semantics and algorithmic issues a kementsietsidis m arenas rj miller 2003.0    
electronic libraries-visions of the future p barker electronic library   1994.0 
encode-fm ( electronic nomenclature and classification of disorders and encounters for family rm bernstein gr hollingworth gs viner   
stable mixed hematopoietic chimerism in dla-identical littermate dogs given sublethal total body r storb c yu jl wagner hj deeg ra nash hp blood-new york -   1997.0 
dynamic task allocation on open heterogenous processor systems '' s olason bt technology journal    
reconsidering custom memory allocation ed berger bg zorn ks mckinley    
ai o 5 bo loo qw nj n wq    
208 ; dafã 1/4 r jedoch kã 1/4 hl s at    
du rkin j. semi-automatic ge ne ration of tra ns fe r function for direct volume re nde ri ng g kindlmann proc ieee/acm symposium    
current trends and practices in social studies assessment for the early grades j alleman j brophy  social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
current status of r & d in trusted database management systems acm sigmod record 1992.0 b thuraisingham   
numerical simulation of a thermoacoustic refrigerator a worlikar om knio f sicherheitstechnik esaim : proceedings 1996.0    
multiple access in packet switching networks : part i * generalized tree protocol yk sun kc chen dc twu  submitted for  
sustainable development and deep ecology : an analysis of competing traditions m jacob 1994.0  environmental management  
livny 1993 : m. carey l. haas and m. livny tapes hold data too : challenges of tuples on tertiary h carey proc . acm sigmod  
the top-techno mbas computerworld l copeland   
t. and kaiser bl ( 1972 ) . carboxypeptidase a : a mechanistic analysis et kaiser acc . chem . res    
security and inference in multilevel database and knowledge based systems m morganstern proc of acm sigmod  
the broadband boom m miller pc magazine  
appendix c : list of attendees tj bergin rg gibson history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? on optimistic methods for concurrency control ã cents â ? ¬ â ? acm trans ht kung jt robinson  database syst  
conditioning of radioactive wastes by incorporation into clay-based ceramic matrices as aloi bs kuznetsov yv kuznetsov at .  
the technology revolution and the restructuring of the global economy 1988.0 u colombo   
lazy consistency using loosely synchronized clocks a adya b liskov    
on finite hankel transforms in sneddon phil . mag  
deformable registration of cortical structures via hybrid volumetric and surface warping t liu d shen c davatzikos lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
geographic structure of genetic variation of populations of genus albinaria in the region of the a ayoutanti  1994.0 
tomas : mapping adaptation under evolving schemas y velegrakis rj miller l popa j mylopoulos   
towards automated detection of certificates of authenticity d kirovski microsoft research technical report  
indexing large human-motion databases e keogh 2004.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
chemical characteristics of organic color in water rf cristman m nakamura w williams  1970.0 
thermal generation of current in semiconductor gaps at . od kazachkovskii   
andez sj stolfo the merge/purge problem for large databases proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; m hern   
the reach active dbms ap buchmann a deutsch j zimmermann proc . intl. conference on management of data ( sigmod ) san & hellip ;  
use of soil and water protection practices among farmers in three midwest watersheds tedl napier environmental management 2001.0 
a vision of management of complex models pa bernstein r pottinger  sigmod record 2000.0 
discovery of multiple-level association from large database j han y fu proceedings of 1995 international conference on very large & hellip ;  
towards effective software abstractions for application engineering procs . nasa focus on reuse workshop sept r girardi   
abundance and distribution of harbor porpoise ( phocoena phocoena ) in southeast alaska cook inlet m dahlheim a york j waite c goebel-diaz  md  
reuse strategies in software development : an empirical study 2001.0 a pohthong d budgen information & software technology  
heterogeneous parallel architecture for improving signal processing performance in doppler blood dfg nocetti js gonzalez jm flores dr hernã ¡ ndez 1996.0  proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;  
uniform object modeling methodology and reuse of real-time system using uml bm duc  proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
structural digital image signature for image authentication : an incidental distortion resistant cs lu hym liao proc . acm multimedia workshop    
1990 : maternal and child health data base descriptive narrative rl williams  santa barbara ca : university of california at santa barbara & hellip ;  
move over ascii ! unicode is here pc magazine c petzold   
intershop : a distributed architecture or electronic shopping proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; jb baty rm lee  1995.0 
microsoft site server ( commerce edition ) b ojjeh    
the devolution of immigration regimes in europe & hellip ; community studies association meeting seattle washington & hellip ; g lahav v guiraudon   
ibcâ ?? s 2nd annual symposium on exploting enyzme technology for industrial applications x zhu cm lewis mc haley mb bhatia s pannuri s san diego usa  
sex role adaptability : one consequence of psychological androgyny journal of personality and social psychology sl bern   
efficient prolog access to codaysl and fdm databases pmd gray proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1985.0 
relationship between amplitudes of harmonics and intermodulation frequencies m callendar   
the doom phenomenon jr neil pc magazine    
dopamine versus dobutamine for hypotensive preterm infants nv subhedar nj shaw cochrane database syst rev 2003.0    
ontology-driven geographic information systems ft fonseca mj egenhofer   
effects of naturally induced teacher expectancies wb seaver  journal of personality and social psychology 1973.0 
theory of molecular fluids ( clarendon oxford 1984 ) cg gray ke gubbins vol .    
a prototype implementation of archival intermemory y chen j edler a goldberg a gottlieb s sobti   
optimizing etl processes in data warehouses 2005.0 a simitsis p vassiliadis t sellis proc . of the 21st intâ ?? l conf . on data engineering ( icde )  
a typed intermediate language for supporting multiple inheritance via interfaces j chen c chen   
hierarchical federations g magee g shanks   
oral sumatriptan for acute migraine dc mccrory rn gray cochrane database syst rev 2003.0    
west german dilemma : little turks or young germans geography j salt   
parallel database systems in the 1990 's mj carey acm computing surveys  
cpu/power-constrained mobile devices 2001.0 r han cy lin jr smith b tseng v ha proceedings of the ninth acm international conference on & hellip ;  
dblearn : a system prototype for knowledge discovery in relational databases - group of 7 & raquo ; j han y fu y huang y cai n cercone proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
workflow management for the virtual enterprise k dittrich d tombros    
the challenge of ta training in the 1990s 1989.0 jd nyquist rd abbott dh wulff new directions for teaching and learning  
maximal termsets as a query structuring mechanism b pã ´ ssas n ziviani b ribeiro-neto w meira jr proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
automatic bottleneck detection rp blake js breese   
some effects of artificial defoliation on pine and larch fc craighead i. forest  
garbage collection in a very large address space : technical report tr-178 pb bishop  mit laboratory for computer  
a two-dimensional interpolation function for irregularly-spaced data d shepard proceedings of the 1968 23rd acm national conference 1968.0 
recent advances in wireless networking u varshney   
aluminium toxicity syndrome lancet i hl elliott gs fell  1978.0 
fast ridgelet transforms in dimension 2 dl donoho   1997.0 
achieving a balance between mineral resources and reserves for biodiversity in the rangelands of t smurthwaite f batini g mai proceedings of the 25 thannual environmental workshop    
systematic construction of programs for distributed memory systems m raji-werth p feautrier procs of the int . workshop on compiler for parallel & hellip ;  
geominer : a system prototype for spatial mining k koperski j han  proceedings acm-sigmod arizona  
statistical methods for environmental pollution monitoring ro gilbert   
using tool abstraction to compose systems d garlan ge kaiser d notkin   
evaluating synchronization on shared address space multiprocessors : methodology and performance s kumar d jiang r chandra jp singh  proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ; 1999.0 
t. r uhl and f. kwakkel . the drill down benchmark pa boncz  procedings of the international conference on very large  
what ever happened to the pc revolution ? j kirkley computerworld    
distributed logging for transaction processing ds daniels az spector ds thompson  acm sigmod record 1987.0 
entertainment : social gaming . the future of technology ca mangis pc magazine . july    
software reuse : a key to the maintenance problem hd rombach information and software technology 1991.0 
outward rotations : a tool for rounding solutions of semidefinite programming relaxations with u zwick    
an object-oriented deductive language with methods and method inheritance y lou zm ozsoyoglu  proceedings of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of  
converting relational database into xml document j fong f pang c bloor    
waiting for the wireless revolution b nadel pc magazine may  
scale and detail in the cognition of geographic information dr montello rg golledge  & hellip ; of california santa barbara santa barbara california . & hellip ;  
representation imagination and virtual space : geographies of tourism landscapes in west cork and cv sarmento  geography  
on the correctness of representing extended entity-relationship structures in the relational model vm markowitz a shoshani    
realities of delivering mammography in the community : challenges with staffing and scheduling cdâ ?? orsi sp tu c nakanoâ ? ¦ unpublished    
replacement of nurses with unlicensed assistive personnel : the erosion of professional nursing and journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 pg zimmermann   
native state kinetic stabilization as a strategy to ameliorate protein misfolding diseases : a focus sm johnson rl wiseman y sekijima ns green sl  acc . chem . res 2005.0 
databases on the web : technologies for federation architectures and case studies r kramer   
a microprocessor-based implantable telemetry system kw fernald ta cook jj paulos   
efficient management of inconsistent databases a fuxman e fazli rj miller  acm sigmod international conference on management of data  
the systems approach incentive relations and university management . rw backoff bm mitnick 1981.0  new directions for higher education  
descriptive epidemiology of epilepsy : contributions of population-based studies from rochester wa hauser jf annegers wa roccaâ ? ¦ mayo clinic proceedings   1996.0 
mechanism responsible for glucose-lactose diauxie in escherichia coli : challenge to the camp model 1996.0 t inada k kimata h aiba genes to cells  
sedna : a native xml dbms m grinev a fomichev s kuznetsov   
sgml : the quiet revolution j karney  pc magazine  
the best city of them all : a history of las vegas 1930-1960 1974.0 pb kaufman   
toward computer-supported concurrent software engineering p dewan    
m. tokuda computational study of polycrystalline behaviour under complex loading conditions f havlicek proceedings of plasticity    
system r : relational approach to database management kp eswaran jn gray pp griffiths wf king ra acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
object-oriented geographic information system shell s roberts information and software technology   1993.0 
user groups go high ( er ) tech b machrone  pc magazine  
dehydrogenases in the same cell 1988.0 pj stoward y nakae histochemical journal  
maximum modems 14,400 bps and rising . pc fj derfler   
simon : a grammar-based transformation system for structured documents a feng t wakayama    
architecture-driven component reuse pav hall  information and software technology  
chemistry for future [ j ] r breslow  acc chem res  
epidemiologic studies of microwave effects c silverman ieee proceedings 1980.0 
designing component-based applications m kirtland   1999.0 
engineering performance for the future of intelligence a ingham j graham p hendy  bt technology journal 2005.0 
revolutionary subjectivity : the cultural logic of the nicaraguan revolution jp reed   2000.0 
where is the home choke ? journal of personality and social psychology br schlenker st phillips ka boniecki dr  1995.0 
local adaptation and gene-for-gene coevolution in a metapopulation model proceedings : biological sciences s gandon y capowiez y dubois y michalakis i  1996.0 
the dimer model in statistical mechanics-an exact result phil mag h temperley m fisher   
march 1975 . slope stability and mass wasting in the ashland creek watershed . us forest service sa wilson bg hicks unpublished    
intravenous immunoglobulin for preventing infection in preterm and/or low-birth-weight infants a ohlsson jb lacy  cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
u > finite-state syntax-directed braille translation < / u > jk millen technical report mtr-1829 mitre corporation bedford    
mbd2-mbd3 complex binds to hemimethylated dna and forms a complex containing dnmt1 at the k tatematsu t yamazaki f ishikawa genes to cells 2000.0    
towards automated performance iâ ?? uning for complex workloads kp brownt m mehta mj careyt m livny    
r lone on eztendmg the functtons of a relatconal database system acm sigmod orlando rl haskm   
developing an operational water temperature model for the columbia river system water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 b tanovan rg willey   
facilitative strategies in action new directions for higher education 2001.0 tma fuller ak haugabrook   
key note address l zadeh proceedings of the 2 ndnew zealand international t wo-stream & hellip ;    
multimediaminer : a system prototype for multimedia data mining proc . acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data or zaiane j han zn li sh chee j chiang  1998.0 
loads on bulk solids containers standards association of australia a standard    
k. ramesh . 1987 . a parallel implementation of iterative-deepening a * vn rao v kumar procs . 6th nat . conf . on art .    
integrity and internal control in information systems { volume 1 : increasing the confidence in s jajodia w list g mcgregor l strous zurich switzerland    
data management research at the mitre corporation a rosenthal l seligman c mccollum b blaustein sigmod record 1995.0 
adaptive systems : past present and future k narendra plenary session procs . acc  
partitioned collection of a large object store proc . of sigmod international conference on management of u maheshwari b liskov   
a theorem of lie-kolchin for trees j tits contributions to algebra  
rethinking our approach to water supply provision ja rees  geography 1976.0 
a theory of forest dynamics : the ecological implications of forest succession models 1984.0 hh shugart   
reuse of planâ ?? based knowledge sources in a uniform tagâ ?? based generation system k harbusch j woch   
on the spatial motion of a rigid body with point contact cs cai b roth   
erp failures exact high price p dryden  computerworld  
haccp for irish beef slaughter dj bolton jj sheridan am doherty  isbn  
ultraviolet colour vision and ornamentation in bluethroats s andersson t amundsen proceedings : biological sciences 1997.0 
march 16 2000 united states forest service baker ranger district telephone conversation j waldo ecology and environment inc. seattle    
parallelism and concurrency control performance in distributed database machines mj carey m livny    
the past present and future of web services part 1 u ogbuji    
the future of ethics in evaluation : developing the dialogue dl newman new directions for program evaluation 1995.0 
integration of geographic information systems and simulation model for watershed management environmental modelling & software 2003.0 c he   
co-opting the future jc dvorak  pc magazine  
extending the reach of business processes d chakraborty h lei    
translating and optimizing sql queries having aggregates g von boltingsloewen 1987.0    
efficient peer-to-peer keyword searching lecture notes in computer science p reynolds a vahdat  2003.0 
partitioned garbage collection of a large object store u maheshwari b liskov   
a non-hierarchical procedure for re-synthesis of complex textures p harrison   
on optimistic concurrency control methods ht kung jt robinson acm trans . database syst  
nfrs-aware architectural evolution of component-based software proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 c tibermacine r fleurquin s sadou   
smarxo : towards secured multimedia applications by adopting rbac xml and object-relational database sc chen ml shyu n zhao  proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
conflict detection replicated data acm transactions on database systems mj carey m livny  1991.0 
the urban hierarchy in england and wales ae smailes geography    
dressing animated complex clothes m carignan y yang n magnenat-thalmann d  proc . of acm  
the impact and value of tree improvement in the south d todd j pait j hodges  proceedings of the 23rd so . forest tree improvement conf  
urban . an approach to the classification of domain models in support of analogical reuse ch lung e joseph proc . acm    
generalized expectancy life experience and adaptation to marine corps recruit training ( arâ ?? 002 ) tm cook rw novaco ig sarason seattle : university of washington  
bye-bye pentium ? mmxpectations . pc b howard   
recursive linear hashing krr sacks-davis acm transactions on database systems  
the challenge for kinetic simulations of substorm growth and onset pl pritchett fv coroniti  sixth intern . conf . on substorms seattle washington  
a vision for management of complex models technical report msr-tr-2000-53 microsoft research pa bemsten ay levy ra pottinger   
environmental study of the dadia forest reserve t adamakopoulos s gatzogiannis k poirazides  acnat programme wwf-greece eu dg xi . athens greece : & hellip ;  
alternaria rot of citrus fruit m schiffmann-nadel j waks y gutter e chalutz proc . int . soc . citricult  
short overview of emf exposure systems and an exposure system used in an ongoing study ( project c schierz c mã 1/4 ller h krueger    
list of acronymns cpacp agency bt technology journal 2001.0    
where have all the senior faculty gone ? . 1984.0 hw sheridan new directions for teaching and learning  
rethinking the brainâ ?? new insights into early development r shore 1997.0    
parameter identification in robot control applied mathematics and computer science c schmidt m pruefer  1997.0 
tools and techniques for memory system design and analysis 1995.0 ar lebeck   
godis-issue-based dialogue management in a multi-domain multi-language dialogue system s larsson s ericsson   
seizing the moment pc magazine b machrone  1993.0 
on the relation between truth maintenance and abduction proc . pricai90 ac kakas p mancarella   
synchronized mechanical ventilation for respiratory support in newborn infants 2000.0 a greenough ad milner g dimitriou cochrane database syst rev  
columbia university press ny new york   
organ donation : the challenge for emergency nursing 1986.0 j cox journal of emergency nursing  
fine structure of capillary and endocapillary layer as revealed by ruthenium red jh luft fed proc 1966.0 
a synthesis of the effects of welfare-to-work programs on children pa morris ac huston g duncan d crosby j bos new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
seven issues '' : revisited . closing plenary address proceedings of acm hypertext fg halasz   
the entrepreneur : mainstream views and radical critiques rf herbert an link  aufl. new york  
oodb bulk loading revisited : the partitioned-list approach proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 jl wiener jf naughton   
effects of chest wall vibration on the intensity of dyspnea during constrained breathing md altose i syed l shoos proc int union physiol sci  
mil primitives for querying a fragmented world the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; pa boncz ml kersten  1999.0 
algebraic support for complex objects with arrays identity and inheritance sl vandenberg    
page-level cooperative garbage collection m hertz y feng ed berger   
tri-service site characterization and analysis penetrometer system ( scaps ) validation at lake city unpublished technology demonstration plan vicksburg ms usaewe station   
the interpersonal costs of seeking self-esteem unpublished manuscript le park j crocker   
toxic site of action in distal axonopathies he lowndes t baker see ref    
archival research methods . mj ventresca jw mohr  companion to organizations  
dell blade : maximum power minimum space j delaney pc magazine  
low frequency variability in a simulated atmosphere ocean system 1997.0 rl jacob   
learning from the inquiries : lessons for using collaborative inquiry as an adult learning strategy new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 l yorks e kasl   
an exact algorithmforselecting partial scan flip-flops st chakradhar a balakrishnan vd agrawal  proc . acm/ieee design automation  
the future of information systems-using social systems to create protocols for the virtual c kimble t conkar international engineering management conference 1996.0    
distributed concurrency control performance : a study of algorithms distribution and replication 1988.0 mj carey m livny vldb  
broadband satellite networks : a networking perspective g morabito s palazzo c rosenberg  computer networks  
temperature measurement in pediatric trauma patients : a comparison of thermometry and measurement lm bernardo r henker jo ` connor journal of emergency nursing 1999.0    
pki : a question of trust and value r forno w feinbloom    
best in class : self-service check-in kiosks give travelers more control l rosencrance computerworld  
efficient optimistic concurrency control using loosely synchronized clocks acm sigmod int a adya r gruber b liskov u maheshwari conf . on management of data  
improving the precision of a closed-domain question-answering system with semantic information h doan-nguyen l kosseim    
replicated data management in distributed database systems sh son sigmod record   1988.0 
de waarde van information ? ( the value of information ? ; in dutch ) ew berghout 1993.0    
the hyperion project : from data integration to data coordination sigmod record m arenasâ ? ¦  2003.0 
on the estimation of the number of desired records with respect to a given query ct yu ws luk mk siu 1978.0  acm transactions on database systems  
using sign all il # g messages instead of clocks j jaffe unpublished manuscript    
mv3r-tree : a spatio-temporal access method for timestamp and interval queries t yufei d papadias   2000.0 
tracking the best linear predictor m herbster mk warmuth    
technology strategy bt exact bt technology journal 2004.0 j hill   
dynamic modelling and simulation of two-mode electric variable transmission d zhang j chen t hsieh j rancourt mr schmidt  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
semantic adaptation of schema mappings when schemas evolve c yu l popa proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
heterogeneous nuclear rna-ribonucleoprotein f binds to dna via an oligo ( dg ) - motif and is associated genes to cells 1999.0 t yoshida k kokura y makino v ossipow t tamura   
transform analysis and option pricing for ane jumpdiusions d due j pan k singleton  technical report graduate school of business stanford  
k. smith entity modeling in the mls relational model proceedings of the 18th international conference on m winslett   
others . the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann proceedings of the acm sigmod  
the principles of adult mentoring scale . nh cohen new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
data partitioning and load balancing in parallel disk systems p scheuermann g weikum p zabback  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
ecdeu assesment manual for psychopharmacology revised edn . us dept of health education and welfare w guy  md  
extending the reach of randomized social experiments : new directions in evaluations of american ja riccio hs bloom & hellip ; papers on research methodology . manpower demonstration & hellip ;    
telepresenceâ ?? the future of telephony 1997.0 gr walker pj sheppard bt technology journal  
sex role adaptability : one consequence of psychological androgyny sl bem journal of personality and social psychology    
stereo depth estimation : the confidence interval approach g kamberova r bajcsy proc . intl. conf . computer vision iccv98 bombay india jan    
an encyclopedia publisher 's perspective interactive multimedia apple computer inc p cook   1988.0 
scalable parallel data mining for association rules sigmod conference 1997.0 eh hanâ ? ¦   
a realization of a concurrent object-oriented programming language ch jo cj lee j son proc . acm symposium on applied computing    
a review of wildlife management practices in north dakota : effects on nongame bird populations and g berkey r crawford s galipeau d johnson d  report submitted to region  
on the algorithmic interpretation of multiclass kernel-based vector machines k crammer y singer journal of machine learning research  
die abhã $ ngigkeit des o 2-verbrauchs der niere von der na-rã 1/4 ckresorption p deetjen k kramer pflã 1/4 gers archiv european journal of physiology 1961.0 
modelling the case process : empirical issues and future directions s king r galliers  information and software technology 1994.0 
computer challenges ekg as heart saver of future . computerworld. m johnson  1990.0 
cell structures for future dramâ ?? s h sunami    
peripheral tolerance induction : lessons from immune privileged sites and tissues jw streilein transplantation proceedings 1996.0    
calcium channel blockers for acute traumatic brain injury 2000.0 j langham c goldfrad g teasdale d shaw k rowan cochrane database syst rev  
temperature mapping of magnetic resonance-guided laser interstitial thermal therapy ( litt ) in gkh eyrich e bruder p hilfiker b dubno hh md 2000.0    
pole assignment self-tuning regulator proc . lee pe wellstead d prager p zanker   
implementation of an agent-based business process g pang   
the psychology of interpersonal relations f heider   
keynote address to the acm history of programming languages ~ conference gm hopper  history of programming languages . academic press new york  
abdominal wall and stomach perforation following accidental electrocution with high tension wire : a journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 s kumar s thomas s lehri   
the impact of xml on databases and data sharing l seligman a rosenthal    
the merge/purge problem for large databases s stolfo 1995.0  proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
prophylactic benefits at exam time on cell mediated immunity through self hypnosis training jh gruzelier f smith a nagy d henderson   2000.0 
efficient minimization of new quadric metric for simplifying meshes with appearance attributes . ( h hoppe s marschner 2000.0    
literature study for geographic literacy : grades 3 to 6 . social studies and the young learner 1990.0 rf allen jd hoge   
determination of as cd and pb in foodstuff by gfaas me soares ml bastos f carvalho m ferreira at . spectrosc    
major symphony orchestra labor relations le lunden 1967.0    
towards self-tuning data placement in parallel database systems ml lee m kitsuregawa bc ooi kl tan a mondal sigmod conference 2000.0 
1157 : â ?? a simple network management protocol ( snmp ) â ?? : may 1990 j. case snmp research m. fedor rfc ietf mit laboratory for computer science . ( status :    
flowers offering oil instead of nectar xi bot . congr . abstr . seattle washington s vogel   
december 1990 compiling scientific code using partial evaluation a berlin d weise ieee  
1998 education work plan cb federation   1997.0 
research directions in biodiversity informatics jl schnase proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
the diplomatic ideas and practices ofasian states . 1990 a kapur    
directions in software engineering for parallel systems proc . of the 28th hawaiian conference on systems science & hellip ; ie jelly   
deficient hypoxia awakening response in infants of smoking mothers : possible relationship to sudden k lewis e bosque  journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
bulk loading revisited jl wiener jf naughton proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;  
the relationship between cocaine urinalysis and daily self-reported cocaine use in a clinical submitted for publication rd crosby sm specker ga carlson ja halikas   
museums and multimedia ( abstract ) : extending the experience beyond the museum 's walls proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; r semper a kramer  1994.0 
evaluation of the 1998 forest fires in east-kalimantan ( indonesia ) using multitemporal ers-2 sar f siegert aa hoffmann    
hadronic equation of state and the onset of kaon condensation ( abstract only ) oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; j cleymans j staalnacke e suhonen  1991.0 
broadband optimism mj miller pc magazine    
faculty development practices . 1977.0 ja centra new directions for higher education  
lanham boon thau loo scott shenker _ ion stoica querying the internet with pier rhjmh nick proceedings of the 29th vldb conference berlin germany  
design reuse in hypermedia application development d schwabe a garrido g rossi proc . of acm    
blog tools nj rubenking  pc magazine . retrieved january  
assessing practices in innovation-oriented knowledge management : a process-based approach m inganã $ s f hacklin c marxt & hellip ; international conference on management of technology vienna & hellip ;  
constructivist learning happens all the time on the web.â ? in learning technologies : reflective and b wilson m lowry new directions for adult and continuing education    
a theorem about concor j kruskal unpublished manuscript    
past and present of andean indian society : the otavalos see ref a males   
user-level network interface protocols fb ra t rubl he bal ieee computer  
the agrarian revolution in georgia 1865-1912 rp brooks   1914.0 
the vsi alliance : journey from vision to production electronic d fairbankâ ? ¦   
grounding globalization : the prospects and perils of linking economic processes of globalization to 2002.0 g bridge economic geography  
software risk management and insurance o raz m shaw   
using asynchronous and bulk communication to construct an optimizing com : piler for distributed - proc . 1995 acm int . conf . supercomputing h sato t nanri m shimasaki   
new and old algorithms for belief net inference and counting satisfying assignments m littman t pitassi r impagliazzo  unpublished manuscript  
â ?? current state-of-the-art of integrated thermal and lighting simulation and future issues . m janak i macdonald   
accelerated learning : future roles and influences new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 rj wlodkowski ce kasworm   
kindly suggested that the nomenclature for configuration isomers of sulfinylcalix [ 4 ] arenas should dv bã ¶ hmer    
bounded cutset conditioning : an incremental-refinement approach to belief under uncertain resources e horvitz h suermondt g cooper   1988.0 
exploring the tradeoff between imbalance and separator size in nested dissection ordering e rothberg  submitted for publication  
microsoft christens cut-rate windows as â ?? xp starter editionâ ?? mj foley microsoft watch  
fice international bulletin no. 2 m declaration  & hellip ; federation of educative communities zurich switzerland  
supporting production rules using eca rules in an object-oriented context nw paton information and software technology  
person of the day : cultural literacy in the elementary classroom . 1992.0 l northup social studies and the young learner  
acquaintance and awareness in belief representation a saffiotti f sebastiani  procs . of the computational intelligence  
evaluation of chemical shift imaging using a two-dimensional presscsi sequence : work in progress rh wu dj mikulis d ducreux a crawley km kong   
an evaluation of generic bulk loading techniques j van den bercken b seeger  proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
the fsn challenge : large-scale interactive television c blank   
derivation of high order control laws for active rejection of rotor noise and vibrations 1999.0 r kube european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings.  
california dob index ( 1990 's from acpl e-resources ) '' c csra 1800.0    
black colleges and universities : challenges for the future am garibaldi    
implementing an on-the-fly garbage collector for java t domani ek kolodner e lewis ee salant k    
anniversary edition : business models b schmid r alt h zimmermann b buchet electronic markets    
learning from native adult education ja orr new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
heat transfer in meat dr heldman proc . 28th annual reciprocal meat conference of the american & hellip ;  
what does internet look like ? empirical laws of the internet topology c faloutsos m faloutsos p faloutsos proceedings of acm sigcomm    
segmentation du son en se basant sur la distance de kullback leibler h harb l chen jy auloge  proceedings of the 7ã ¨ mes journã © es d &#39; ã?tudes et d &#39; ã?changes & hellip ;  
warding off pc threats . computerworld. 1987.0 mh ainsworth   
site redesigns keepit simple s machlis  computerworld  
integration of heterogeneous databases jma dãaz    
the challenge of helping low-income fathers support their children c miller v knox   
workplace basics in the 1990s : critical issues and promising practices new directions for adult and continuing education sw folinsbee  1995.0 
adding value to web-opacs b harmsen   
considerations on preestablished tree rerouting handoff protocols for wireless atm pcn computer networks j jiang th lai mt sun  1999.0 
andj . a. copeland â ?? balanced media access methods for wireless networks â ?? t ozugur m naghshineh p kermani cm olsen b proc . acm/ieee    
single-crystal gaas films for nuclear radiation detectors vm zaletin ii protasov oa matveevâ ? ¦  at .  
classification of drug according to their discriminable effects in rats 1974.0 1974   
numerical continuation methods : an introduction el allgower k georg 1990.0    
component reuse in software design : an observational study d budgen a pohthong submitted for  
a host computer system for software development pn gray  proc . 1974 acm national  
writing teaching assessment questions for precision and reflection wl rando new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
the architecture of an active data base management system dr mccarthy    
reasoning about binary topological relations chapter `` reasoning about binary topological relations . 1991.0 m egenhofer   
the college and the future : a policy perspective . new directions for higher education 1975.0 dg trites   
the data dictionary facilities of ndb . gch sharman n winterbottom  vldb  
schema design and mapping strategies for persistent object models . s khoshafian t briggs  information and software technology 1988.0 
the rendezvous language and architecture for constructing multi-users applications proceedings of acm tichi r gill t brinck s rohall j patterson   
extranet : best of both â ?? nets k nash   
international criminal law 1990 vol f malekian    
â?â ? gâ ¡ â # â cents â $ â?â?â ¥ gâ ¦ report on the algorithmic language scheme technical report ai memo 848b massachusetts institute of j rees w clinger h abelson ni adams iv d   
on the performance of beamforming antennas proceedings of acm r ramanathan   
varfã ¶ r professionalisering ? lã ? engblom i journalisternas bok  
on the motion of a viscous fluid l rayleigh phil . mag    
what happens with increased enforcement of the child support obligations of poor men ? a groundlevel 1996.0 f doolittle s lynn   
sustainable development of urban areas . lessons from the smallest city t dentinho jga meneses    
fast rates for regularized least-squares algorithm a caponnetto e de vito    
random testing revisited . ps loo wk tsai 1988.0  information and software technology  
choosingyour isp pc magazine t pompili   
query optimization for olap-xml federations d pedersen k riis tb pedersen    
sic power-switching devicesâ ?? the second electronics revolution ? ja cooperjr a agarwal 2002.0  proceedings of the ieee  
electronic applications for the calculation of static and dynamic elements of forest stands of beach l apatsidis h sifakis  & hellip ; research institute of athens publishers athens greece ( in & hellip ;  
manganese deficiency induced by excessive liming in a latossolo vermelho-escuro cerrado soil kd ritchey gu filho cr spehar proceedings of the 2 '' d national soybean research seminar    
wildlife habitat te martin ge canterbury dr petit lj petit & hellip ; loblolly/shortleaf pine demonstration interim report . epa / & hellip ;  
integrating geographic information systems and agent-based modeling techniques for simulating social hr gimblett  2002.0 
population dynamics species interactions and non-equilibrium coexistence within rodent communities ar blaustein  1978.0 
s. shenker and l. zhang.â ?? macaw a media access protocol for wiiless lanâ ?? s : â ?? in v bharghavan a demers proc . acm  
part three : where should leaders in adult and continuing education come from ? . p jarvis ws griffith 1992.0  new directions for adult and continuing education  
power optimization of system-level address buses based on software profiling w fornaciari m polentarutti d sciuto c silvano   
meshreduction tools sep 1996 r klein j kramer g liebich demonstration at the conference visualization in biomedical  
understanding the effects of developer activities on inspection interval 1997.0 dm mancl aa porter hp siy lg votta jr proc int conf software eng  
the future engineering of software : a management perspective vr basili   
real-time stereo vision for urban traffic scene understanding u franke a joos    
a note on irrigation in ceylon ek cook  geography  
scalable hversus ip routing lookups m waldvogel g varghese j turner b plattner proc . acm  
design considerations for the apache server api . r thau www5 / computer networks   1996.0 
itâ ?? s time toimplement embedded networking and internetworking o pfeiffer jr rodrigues electronic design 2002.0    
microstructured optical fibers : why use polymers m large a argyros g barton i bassett f cox m    
the dynabook : past present and future a kay a goldberg acm press history series 1988.0 
munsell soil color charts . munsell color 2441 north calvert street baltimore m color  md  
effects of ryanodine in skinned cardiac cells a fabiato fed proc   1985.0 
the antebellum south : fifth graders ' understanding of history dp cox  social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
reconfiguring the leadership envelope : teaching and administration . new directions for adult and continuing education jf donaldson  1992.0 
overlay routing vs multihoming : an end-to-end perspective a akella j pang b maggs s seshan a shaikh proc . acm sigcomm  
the best of times the worst of times : feminism in the united states j brenner see threlfall  
bone morphogenetic proteins principles of bone biology 1996.0 v rosen k cox g hattersley   
bernstein and n. goodman.â ?? timestamp-bascd algorithms for concurrency control in distributed b pa proceedings of the 6th international conference on vldb & hellip ;    
forget x-ray vision specs try radar flashlights electronic design d schiff   
dmql : a data mining query language for relational databases j han y fu w wang k koperski o zaiane    
excursions above the minimum for diffusions pj fitzsimmons unpublished manuscript  
measuring end-to-end bulk transfer capacity m aiiman  proceedings of acm sigcomm intemet measurement workshop  
metalloporphyrines as active site analogues-lessons from enzymes and enzyme models . wd woggon 2005.0  acc . chem . res  
carbon cycling in the upper waters of the sargasso sea : ii . numerical simulation of apparent and wp bissett kl carder jj walsh da dieterle deep-sea research i 1999.0 
sgml tools proceedings of : deuxiã ¨ me ã © cole d &#39; ã © tã © sgml talloires ( & hellip ; s pepper f hurtigtrykk   
keynote address proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer - & hellip ; m lehman   
chatâ ?? s where itâ ?? s atâ ?? a hickman pc magazine    
3d photography on your desk ieee int jy bouguet p perona conf . on computer vision ( bombay india 04â ?? 07 jan  
bifidobacterium longum atcc 15707 production using free and immobilized cell fermentations in a whey c paquin m leroy c lacroix proceedings of the 23rd international dairy federation . & hellip ;  
distributed transaction processing facilities acm press frontier series az spector  1990.0 
ways to go in rama : a case study in polygrammaticalization ' cg craig approaches to grammaticalization    
international scoring system for evaluating prognosis in myelodysplastic syndromes blood-new york - 1997.0 p greenberg c cox mm lebeau p fenaux p morel   
best practices in patient safety education g almgren s dippery p esselmanâ ? ¦  seattle university of washington  
a real-time interactive multi-view video system jg lou h cai j li proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
pier : using interactive multimedia m nilsson u nulden submitted for publication  
on the precision measurement of air velocity by means of the linear hot-wire anemometer phil . mag lv king   
data conversion rules from network to relational databases information and software technology j fong c bloor   
enzyme histochemistry and immunohistochemistry with freeze-dried or freeze-substituted resin - gi murray 1992.0  the histochemical journal  
object-relational database systems ( tutorial ) : principles products and challenges 1997.0 mj carey nm mattos ak nori proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
concerning restsite package vl . 1 jc miller  university of wisconsin  
future challenges for the residential conference center . 1990.0 ce kasworm eg simpsonâ ? ¦ new directions for adult and continuing education  
motivation for higher-order learning 1999.0 jg donald new directions for teaching and learning  
routing on longest-matching prefixes ieee/acm transactions on networking ( ton ) w doeringer g karjoth m nassehi  1996.0 
the effects of nefazodone on sleep architecture in depression r armitage aj rush m trivedi j cain neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1994.0    
j. stone ec waddington cj garrard & binns wr 1990 i tl k mh  proc . 21st int . cosmic-ray  
the algal turf community in the nest of the ocean goldfish hypsypops rubicunda ms foster proc . int . seaweed symp  
603 or 604 two semesters of cegep courses including four of the following : biology 101 chemistry q english    
bio-keys sw grotta pc magazine    
toolbook companion jr pierce 1990.0    
integrating path and timing analysis using instruction-level simulation techniques t lundqvist p stenstroem lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
the power of dominance relations in branch-and-bound algorithms 1977.0 t ibaraki journal of the acm ( jacm )  
interaction of algorithm and implementation for analog vlsi stereo vision jm hakkarainen jj little hs lee jl wyatt 1991.0  proc . spie  
assessing haptic properties for data representation proceedings of acm chi sa wall sa brewster  2003.0 
towards a theory of advanced transaction models in the situation calculus proceedings of the vldb 8th internationalworkshop on & hellip ; i kiringa   
separation of variables and the efficient computation of fourier transforms on finite groups i d maslen d rockmore submitted for  
age effect on survivability of smes based on the survival index value ( siv ) model a abouzeedan m busler the proceedings of the 25 thinstitute of small business & hellip ;  
an adaptive web site for the um2001 conference e schwarzkopf    
how many errors remain in a software after insepction ? sg eick cr loader md long sa vander wiel lg  proceedings of the 25 thsymposium on the  
principles of bone biology lf bonewald jp bilezikian lg raisz ga rodan  1996.0 
metrical task systems the server problem and the work function algorithm lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 m chrobak ll larmore   
high-level copper feeding of swine and poultry and the ecology gk davis federation proceedings vol 33 2 tab 25  
the evolution of host-parasite interaction pr day ja barrett ms wolfe see ref    
parallel disk assembly packs 1.5 gbytes runs at 4 mbytes/s n mokho electronic design    
campaign address computer ethics â ?? voidâ ?? m betts  computerworld  
a generic approach to bulk loading multidimensional index structures j van den bercken b seeger p widmayer 1997.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
revolutionary change theories : a multilevel exploration of the punctuated equilibrium paradigm 1991.0 cjg gersick the academy of management review  
sa methodologies for the design of negotiation protocols for e-markets computer networks m bichler   
packet classification algorithms for gigabit internet routers proceedings of acm tv lakshman d stiliadis   
tissue concentrations of clozapine and its metabolites in the rat rj baldessarini f centorrino jg flood sa 1993.0  neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -  
oxide-induced defects in nial phil . mag. hl fraser mh loretto re smallman rj wasilewski  1973.0 
where were we : making and using near-synchronous pre-narrative video sl minneman sr harrison    
video transmission using 3d wavelet transforms as lewis g knowles electronic letters  
â ?? programming microsoft visual c++ 5th edition â ?? microsoft dj kruglinskiâ ? ¦   
crossing the broadband divide t spangler  pc magazine  
structure-sharing in lexical representation 1985.0 d flickinger c pollard t wasow proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ;  
a remote control interface for large displays a khan g fitzmaurice d almeida n burtnyk g proceedings of acm uist symposium 2004.0 
the logical framework method for defining project success d baccarini project management journal 1999.0 
the present status of our knowledge about pigeon homing hg wallraff proc . int . orn . congr    
receptor-induced translocation and activation of pkc-theta in t cells are mediated by a non - 2001.0 m villalbaâ ? ¦   
van den bosch p. klopman g. and broekens rdnumerical simulation of wave motion on and in coastal vderm jw hah petit proceedings of the 23rd international conference on coastal    
h. 4 . steinmetzer and a. yekta nj two p lechtken ne shore g schuster  acc . chem . res  
pleistocene mammals of north america : columbia university press b kurtã © n e anderson new york    
g-whiz a visual interface for the functional model witk recursioa s heiler a rosenthal  proc . 1 lth intl. conf . vldb stockholm sweden  
putting petri nets to work t agerwah ieee computer  
ford extranet to spark loyalty m wagner computerworld    
kryptographischer versand und kooperative befundung medizinischer bilddaten in java procs telemed h schmidt h handels u knoppâ ? ¦   
register renaming and dynamic speculation : an alternate approach m moudgill k pingali s vassiliadis  proc . 26th intâ ?? l symp . on microarchitecture  
an effective class hierarchy concurrency control technique in object-oriented database systems information and software technology c villena-heinsen j konig b von tongelen ak  1998.0 
partitioning before logic synthesis r camposano rk brayton proc . iccad    
acceptance testing rw miller ct collins    
rethinking the product portfolio : a generalized investment model 1988.0 tm devinney dw stewart management science  
commercial experience of sealed storage of bag stacks in indonesia yc nataredja rj hodges aciar proceedings no. 25 . fumigation and controlled & hellip ;    
icatect : integrating design tools for preliminary architectural design msc thesis department of computer science victoria university r amor   
data mining in economics finance and marketing hc jessen g paliouras    
olap + + : powerful and easy-to-use federations of olap and object databases . demonstrations proposal j gu tb pedersen a shoshani & hellip ; - sixth international conference on very large databases  
ingham â ?? constructing reliable web applications using atomic actionsâ ?? computer networks sk little sj shrivastava db caughey   
merging models based on given correspondences proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; ra pottinger pa bernstein  2003.0 
hydroacoustic evaluation of juvenile salmonid fish passage at john day dam in summer 1989 . nmfs / bd mcfadden j hedgepeth 1990.0    
theory of difference equations : numerical methods and applications academic press v lakshmikantham d trigiante san diego  
the partitioned-list approach jl wiener jf naughton obl revisited proceedings of the 21th international conference on very  
reflection as vision : prospects for future literacy programming pa sissel new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0    
a surface temperature and moisture parameterization for use in mesoscale numerical models paper cj tremback r kessler  am . meteorol . soc. montreal canada june  
proton nmr studies on human blood plasma : an application to cancer research ( abstract only ) m ala-korpela y hiltunen j jokisaari s  proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
tomas : a system for adapting mappings while schemas evolve y velegrakis rj miller l popa j mylopoulos data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international    
psychometric theory ( 3rd ed . ) mcgraw-hill jc nunnally ih bernstein new york    
a macro for converting mean separation output to letter groupings in proc mixed . p. 1243-1246 am saxton  proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group inter . conf. & hellip ;  
on being optimistic about real-time constraints proceedings of the ninth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1990.0 jr haritsa mj carey m livny   
isomorphisms of generic recursive polynomial types m fiore   
shifting boundaries and new technologies : a case study in the uk banking sector sv scott g walsham   
compression technique for large statistical data bases 1981.0 sj eggers f olken a shoshani 7 . conference on very large databases  
giving thanks : observing thanksgiving kwanzaa and day of the dead 1997.0 mt dever jj barta social studies and the young learner  
social studies lessons integrating technology . pull-out feature i. p semrau ba boyer social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
objects and sql ( panel session ) : strange relations ? proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 dr deutsch   
alightweight 3d hmd with accommodative compensation t sugihara t miyasato proc . 29th soc . information  
magic sets and other strange ways to implement logic programs ( extended abstract ) f bancilhon d maier y sagiv jd ullman 1985.0  proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;  
kardamomâ ?? a dataflow database machine for real-time applications g von bultzingsloewen kr dittrich 1988.0  acm sigmod record  
results from two years of owl surveys in the chequamegon/nicolet national forest 2002.0 a paulis   
data warehouse configuration d theodoratos t sellis vldb   1997.0 
development of a new wall shear stress gauge for fluid flows y gur p leehey 1988.0    
astron . & astrophys mp redman rjr williams je dyson tw hartquist 1997.0    
the history of mental hygiene a deutsch see ref    
constructing and integrating data-centric web applications : methods tools and techniques proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 s ceri i manolescu   
conceptualizing and measuring organizational and psychological climate : pitfalls in multilevel wh glick the academy of management review 1985.0    
gluconeogenesis and lipogenesis in tissue from ruminant and nonruminant animals fj ballard rw hanson ds kronfeld federation proceedings   1969.0 
clonal variation in four-yearold loblolly pine in coastal north carolina lj frampton da huber proceedings of the 23rd southern forest tree improvement & hellip ;    
warping indexes with envelope transforms for query by humming 2003.0 y zhu d shasha sigmod conference  
guiding principles at triage : advice for new triage nurses pg zimmermann journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
web site data sheet name : emre biringen city state country : c info   2003.0 
verification of the national weather service extended streamflow prediction procedure proc . 28th conf . and symp . on managing water resources & hellip ; gn day le brazil cs mccarthy dp laurine   
hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha induces cell cycle arrest of endothelial cells t iida s mine h fujimoto k suzuki y minami y genes to cells   2002.0 
simultaneous file partitioning and index selection in a self-adaptive data base management system l wang  1978.0 
defining ecoregions as framework for the assessment of ecological monitoring networks in germany by w schrã ¶ der g schmidt  gate to ehs  
nurturing an ethos of community engagement j berberet  new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
evidence for cell mediated immunity to renal antigens in minimal change nephrotic syndrome k eyres np mallick g taylor lancet    
the chamois component-based knowledge engineering framework w kim kj chae   
an efficient algorithm for discovering frequent subgraphs m kuramochi g karypis 2004.0  ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering  
user behavior analysis of location aware search engine p iko t shintani k takahashi m kitsuregawa proc . of international conference on mobile data management & hellip ;    
zhao-x ; castelluccia-c ; baker-m proc . ieee/acm x zhao   
about wavelab jb buckheit s chen dl donoho im johnstone j   
tricolor inheritance . i. the tricolor series in guinea-pigs hl ibsen    
relationship of lymphoproliferation and clinical blood parameters to contaminants in loggerhead mm peden-adams jm keller rd day ar johnson j proceedings of setac 23rd annual meeting in north america  
a heuristic approach to attribute partitioning in a self-adaptive database management system proceedings of the international conference on management of m hammer b niamir   
the challenges to invisible computing g borriello    
the personal and professional challenge of peacekeeping r weekes dj kealey j mantha d macdonald e  unpublished manuscript  
words into type : meeting the corporate challenge d burns s venit pc magazine . december    
machine classification of ischemic electrocardiograms i pitas mg strintzis s grippas c xerostylides  ieee mediterranean electrotechnical conf. athens greece  
compound markov mixture models with applications in finance j geweke g amisano unpublished manuscript   2003.0 
numerical solution of large quadratic programs in training support vector machines avl zanni   
the reyes image architecture rl cook l carpenter e catmull proc . siggraph acm comput . graphics    
hiv-1 escapes from rna interference mediated inhibition tr brummelkamp at das m vink m madiredjo r   
serial abdominal ultrasound in the setting of trauma1 2000.0 so henderson j sung d mandavia journal of emergency medicine  
scaling and time warping in time series querying 2005.0 aw fu e keogh lyh lau ca ratanamahatana proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;  
working both sides of the street mc alkin mq patton  new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 
selective markov models for predicting web page access m deshpanse g karypis acm transactions on internet technology 4 ( 2 )    
translating survey questionnaires : lessons learned rb mckay mj breslow rl sangster sm gabbard rw new directions for program evaluation    
high power test of a proto-type tuning-free cavity with an all-pass network t rizawa k sato h tamura m yamamotoâ ? ¦ procs . of the 11 thsymposium on accelerator science and  
navajo education in action : the rough rock demonstration school ra roesselâ ? ¦   1977.0 
supporting dynamic displays using active rules 1994.0 a jaime nw paton sigmod record  
the effects of welfare reform in philadelphia . new york : manpower demonstration research corporation & hellip ; c michalopoulos   
thinking ahead on e-marketplaces . p samec    
the merge/purge problem for large databases [ c ] ma hemã ¡ ndez sj stolfo sigmod conference    
self-adaptive design of a non-linear temperature control system a chotai pc young    
the equivalence of models of tasking dm berry proceedings of acm conference on proving assertions about & hellip ; 1972.0    
the pulvinus : motor organ for leaf movement american society of plant physiology rl satter hl gorton tc vogelmann md  
pentium : the second wave j seymour pc magazine-american edition - 1994.0 
computation of asymptotic distribution for semiparametric gmm estimators h ichimura  unpublished  
riding the crest of a protest wave ? collective action frames in the gay liberation movement 1969 - mobilization-san diego - s valocchi  1999.0 
integrating the quantitative and qualitative er house new directions for program evaluation    
best practices for enculturation : collegiality mentoring and coaching new directions in higher education p boyle r boice   
retrieving music-to index or not to index a haapaniemi e ukkonen    
the distribution of calcium in undecalcified bone as revealed by an improved pyro-antimonate method the histochemical journal 1992.0 s kawamata   
design recovery for reuse and maintenance ieee computer t biggerstaff   
detailed information about parasites revealed by sexual ornamentation 1992.0 c wedekind proceedings : biological sciences  
the efficacy of intravenous droperidol in the prehospital setting journal of emergency medicine cl rosen af ratliff re wolfe sw branney e jedd  1997.0 
andtvonrosenvinge . t. : 1990 â ?? observations in the outer heliosphere of the cosmic ray recovery fb mcdonald n lal a lukasiak re mcguire proc . int . conf . cosmic rays  
numerical modeling of turbulent natural-gas diffusion flames twj peeters delft : delft technical university    
gtbd faults and lower bounds on multiple fault coverage of single fault test sets j jacob nn biswas proc . int . test conf  
subhalf micron lithography system with phase shifting effect m noguchi m muraki y iwasaki a suzuki 1992.0  proc . spie  
merging models based on given correspondences u of washington ra pottinger pa bernstein technical report uw-cse-03-02-03    
getting ideas into print : some tips for practitioners . new directions for adult and continuing education rd fulton  1991.0 
the relationship of the glycemic index to lipogenesis in humans ej parks proceedings of the 6th ( millenium ) vahouny conference [ d & hellip ;  
forum closing panel rf rosin  history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
laparoscopic colposuspension for urinary incontinence in women 2002.0 b moehrer g ellis m carey pd wilson cochrane database syst rev  
xerox parc â ?? analysis and simulation of a fair queuing algorithm â ?? a demers s keshav s shenker  proc . acm sigcomm symposium  
understanding mcmc go roberts rl tweedie  to appear  
the promise of vocational rehabilitation ja cook  & hellip ; from the samhsa employment intervention demonstration & hellip ;  
the erato programme - wind tunnel test results and proof of design for an aeroacoustically optimised wr splettstoesser b van der wall b junker kj european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
similarity search without tears : the omni-family of all-purpose access methods rfs filho a traina c traina jr c faloutsos & hellip ; 2001 . proceedings . 17th international conference on 2001.0 
querying a multilevel database : a logical analysis f cuppens proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0    
inside microsoft visual basic scripting edition microsoft programming series s hillier  1996.0 
demonstration of in vitro infection of chimpanzee hepatocytes with hepatitis c virus using strand - 1994.0 re lanford c sureau jr jacob r white virology-new york -  
endotracheal intubation at birth for preventing morbidity and mortality in vigorous meconium - hl halliday  cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
three-dimensional modelling and rendering of the human skeletal trunk from 2d radiographic images s delorme y petit ja de guise cã ? aubin h   
raised temperature reduces the incidence of diabetes in the nod mouse ajk williams j krug ef lampeter k mansfield pe diabetologia   1990.0 
preliminary argus reference manual . program . methodol . group memo 39 b liskovâ ? ¦  1983.0 
automatic apparatus vision 87 88 thomas 47 . carter db hr blackwell bs prltchard jg ohmart a further demonstration of phi movement cerebral dominance '' & hellip ;    
algorithmic mechanism design n nisan a ronen    
belief optimization for binary networks : a stable alternative to loopy belief propagation . accepted m welling yw teh   2001.0 
negotiating the margins : some principles for responding to our students ' writing some strategies e hodges 1997.0  new directions for teaching and learning  
the nutrient factor queuine : biosynthesis occurrence in transfer rna and function . biofactors i 1988.0 h kersten   
gene functional analysis from heterogeneous data p pavlidis j weston j cai wn grundy submitted for publication  
an approach to maximum credible accident analysis of cluster of industries kv raghvan mm mallikarjunan  proc . envirotech international conference bombay india  
at al. : r * - tree : an efficent and robust access method for points and rectangles b norbertâ ? ¦ proc . of acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
investigations on silviculture and productivity of the virgin forest scatlã © / brigels . 1971.0 fw hillgarter   
knowledge discov-ery in databases : an attribute oriented approach proc j han y cat n cercone vldb  
the active database management systems manifesto kr dittrich s gatziu a geppert  sigmod record  
toward a multilevel secure relational data model acm international conference on management of data ( sigmod ) r sandhu s jajodia   
the 1979 canada-usa cooperative bacillus thuringiensis spray trials against the spruce budworm washington seattle washington on morris   
specification of the blaze-a-trail interactive trail mapping system l montulli d collier s gilliland j reeves  procs . of the intl. conf . serp-2004  
an inexpensive stereoscopic vision system for robots w teoh xd zhang proc . int . conf . robotics   1984.0 
2-d fluid transport simulations of gaseous/radiative divertors td rognlien pn brown rb campbell tb kaiser contributions to plasma physics 1994.0 
vital signs pc magazine a bezaitis   
instructional consultation in a statewide setting ma kerwin new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0    
the evolution of customer middleware requirements jm deutsch  parallel and distributed information systems 1994. & hellip ;  
sol-gel glass solid state lasers doped with organic molecules c whitehurst dj shaw ta king    
work hardening of dispersion-hardened crystals mf ashby phil . mag    
misperception of exponential growth and the psychological magnitude of numbers wa wagenaar see wegener    
anvil-a generic annotation tool for multimodal dialogue m kipp  proceedings of eurospeech  
algorithmic aspects in large deformation contact analysis using â ?? â ?? solid-shellâ ?? â ?? elements m harnau a konyukhov k schweizerhof submitted for    
best practices for the prevention and treatment of venous leg ulcers b kunimoto m cooling w gulliver p houghton h   
on the menu : the growth of self-efficacy j alleman j brophy social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
e-books reloaded s rupley  pc magazine  
the attribution of blame : causality responsibility and blameworthiness 1985.0 kg shaver   
flow cytometry analysis : a high technology crossmatch technique facilitation transplantation mr garovoy ma rheinschmidt m bigosâ ? ¦ 1983.0    
bhavani thuraisingham the mitre corporation burlington road bedford ma sigmod record t r & d  1992.0 
database management systems : relational object-relational and object-oriented data models ood models   
object-relational database systems : principles products and challenges mj carey nm mattos ak nori sigmod record 1997.0    
hancock . 3dsurface topography from intensity images procs . international conference on computer vision p worthingtonande   
experimental studies on seedling ecology of norway spruce in the intermediate alpine mountain forest p brang 1996.0    
characterizing strong normalization in a language with control operators d dougherty s ghilezan p lescanne    
a qualitative empirical study of case tool support to method learning 1998.0 d boukerroui o basset n guerin a baskurt lb information and software technology  
reaching new heights in benchmark testing ml vanname b catchings pc magazine  
proof theories for some prioritized consequence relations l verhoeven    
rehabilitation and reuse of college and university facilities . new directions for higher education 1980.0 hl goyette   
the odwalla affairâ ?? reassessing corporate social responsibility at work j entine   
an d teal & hellip ; control : wind tunnel demonstration of fully effective & hellip ; j shaw n albion ej hanker   
rock mechanics and crustal stress j kemeny n cook demonstration of a risk-based approach to high-level waste & hellip ;    
new approaches to parsing conjunctions using prolog s fong rc berwick proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ; 1985.0 
querying the internet with pier n ahmed   
biodiversity profile of india e species t species pa network    
one big pile of knowledge b laberis  computerworld  
the population ecology of the limpets : lottia gigantea ( gray ) and several species of acmaea ( js stimson   1968.0 
a multilevel model of privatization in emerging economies r ramamurti  academy of management review 2000.0 
electrocardiographic manifestations : acute posterior wall myocardial infarction wj brady b erling m pollack tc chan journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
advanced ceramics p ramakrishnan bombay india 8-9 mar. 1990   1990.0 
yagg : an easy-to-use generator for structured test inputs d coppit j lian proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0    
magic sets and other strange ways to execute logic programs f bancilhon d maier y sagiv jd ullman proc . of acm pods  
the role of large wood in the carbon cycle of central amazon rain forest jq chambers 1998.0    
unambiguity of sgml content models a bruggemann-klein submitted for publication  
may ( 1990 ) traffic flow fundamentals d adolf   
tillage for vegetable-crop production on phosphatic clays ea hanlon gj hochmuth l shaw c riddle mined lands agricultural research/demonstration project . & hellip ;  
is this a drill ? improving pediatric emergency preparedness in north carolina 's emergency sm hohenhaus journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 
special issue on constructing software engineering tools j gray a liu l scott 2000.0  information & software technology  
computer technology forecast for virtual observatories j gray   
prex-querying : an approach for effective subsequence matching under time warping in sequence s park sw kim js cho s padmanabhan proc . acm cikm  
the lower end of higher education : freshmen sophomores the research university and the community tr bywater new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0    
infant botulism : a case series and review of the literature . rd schmidt tw schmidt journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
american dictionary of the english language ( 1st ed . 1828 ) republished by foundation for american n webster see  
effects of hypothermal and circulatory arrest on the auditory brainstem response during operation in t hayashi s anegawa r torigoe  no to shinkei 1991.0 
xxl : a prototype for a library of query processing algorithms 2000.0 j van den bercken jp dittrich b seeger   
introduction to faculty learning communities md cox new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
three-dimensional displays 1980.0 t okoshi ieee proceedings  
warping indexes with envelope transforms for query by humming . sigmod y zhu d shasha appendix a. experiment results ( section 4.2 )  
mouse shoulder : a new ailment jc dvorak  pc magazine  
a knowledge-theoretic analysis of atomic commitment protocols v hadzilacos proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0    
meeting the challenge . jm civikly 1986.0  new directions for teaching and learning  
decidability and expressiveness aspects of logic queries o shumueli proc . acm sigmod-sigact symp . principles of database systems  
ma 02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 1996 c street    
structural query optimizationâ ?? a uniform framework for semantic query optimization in deductive 1991.0 lvs lakshmanan hj hernã ¡ ndez proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;  
a street through time used with powerful instructional strategies social studies and the young learner 2000.0 me haas   
dynamic partitioning of complex process models a fuggetta ml jaccheri    
rulemanagement inobject orienteddatabases : auniform approach o diaz n paton p gray  procs . of the int &#39; l. conf . on very large data bases vldb & hellip ;  
on the electric and magnetic effects produced by the motion of electrified bodies jj thomson  phil . mag  
biology is to medicine as psychology is to education : true or false ? ns newcombe  new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
hydrothermal vent precipitates : a study of temporal and geographic variations in black smoker sr baron  1998.0 
keoladeonationalparkecologystudy1980â ?? 1990 & hellip ; bombay natural history society india ( bnhs ) bombay vs vijayan   
practical mostly-static information flow control a myers proceedings of acm sigplan-sigact symposium on principles of    
social movement policy success : decriminalizing state sodomy laws 1969-1998 md kane 2003.0  mobilization-san diego -  
the future of campus media centers mj albright  new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
passion : optimized i/o for parallel applications a choudhary r thakur r bordawekar s more s ieee computer  
the complexity of operations on a fragmented relation acm transactions on database systems c meghini c thanos  1991.0 
guãa del parque geolã ³ gico de chera c santisteban e sanchis   
victim and perpetrator accounts of interpersonal conflict : autobiographical narratives about anger rf baumeister a stillwell sr wotman journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
durable goods and the wealth distribution unpublished manuscript a dä ± az mj luengo-prado  2002.0 
truth revelation in approximately efficient combinatorial auctions d lehmann y shoham  journal-acm 2002.0 
complexity of products of modal logics 1997 m marx   
dose-related suppression of rem sleep and pgo waves by the serotonin-1 agonist eltoprazine neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - jj quattrochi an mamelak d binder j williams  1993.0 
cognitive mapping abilities of young girls and boys geography mh matthews   
the entity-relationship model-toward a unified model of data p chen acm trans . database systems  
xasmâ ?? an extensible component-based abstract state machines language m anlauff    
penetration of penicillin into human phagocytes containing gonococci . dr veale h smith lancet i   1975.0 
precision based precision timing without gps proceedings of acm a pasztor d veitch   
centralized end-to-end flow control in a best-effort network-on-chip p avasare v nollet jy mignolet d verkest h proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
parallel programming with polaris rd williamblume r eigenmann j grout j hoeinger ieee computer  
wired colleges 101 a hickman pc magazine online  
seeking out children in need . computerworld. s cusack  1990.0 
rethinking the holidays . teacher 's resources . ph porter social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
public finance of private goods : the case of higher education r garratt jm marshall    
on the convergence rates of ipa and fdc derivative estimators for finite-horizon stochastic systems plâ ?? ecuyer g perron submitted for publication  
touch-screens for intuitive input md stone pc magazine  
sperm competition and sexual selection : academic press tr birkhead ap mã ¸ ller  san diego ca  
individual creativity and group ability to utilize individual creative resources : a multilevel model academy of management journal 2002.0 s taggar   
urbanâ ?? suburbanâ ?? rural air temperature differences related to street geometry i eliasson physical geography    
parametric estimation and spectral analysis of chaotic time series a lopes s lopes  submitted for publication 1995.0 
sar interferometry : an application of simulated annealing to phase unwrapping s dupont d labrousse m berthod s antipolis proceedings of the scandinavian conference on image analysis 1995.0 
the connectivity server : fast access to linkage information on the web 1998.0 k bharat az broder mr henzinger p kumar s www7 / computer networks  
c . shaw . two handed polygonal surface design m green proceedings of acm uist    
resources for multicultural awareness and social action rw wilhelm social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
the use problems benefits and future directions of case in the uk information and software technology sc stobart jb thompson p smith   
two separate sequences of pb2 subunit constitute the rna cap-binding site of influenza virus rna a honda k mizumoto a ishihama genes to cells 1999.0    
roberthenderson . improving thecache locality ofmemory allocation d grunwald b zorn proc . acm    
mapping adaptation under evolving schemas y velegrakis rj miller l popa proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0    
1992 . reach | a real-time active and heterogeneous mediator system ap buchmann h branding t kudrass j zimmermann  acm sigmod  
type safety and behavioural inheritance rg clark  information and software technology 1995.0 
calcium-aluminumâ ?? rich inclusions from enstatite chondrites : indigenous or foreign ? jc phys r lett  acc . chem . res 1997.0 
data cube : a relational aggregational operator for generalizing group-bys cross-tabs and sub - technical report msr-tr-95-22 microsoft research j gray a bosworth a layman h pirahesh   
an extensible object-oriented approach to databases for cad/vlst proceeding ~ of the 11th vldb conference vldb endowment h afsarmanesh d knapp d mcleod a parker   
irish transnational social movements deterritorialized migrants and the state system : the last one m hanagan mobilization-san diego - 1998.0    
customer experience in a merchandising platform june 2002 ch bell sigmod conference keynote    
generic support for distributed applications j bacon k moody j bates   
global optimization using interval analysis . m er hansen new york  
a dynamic associate search index for oodb cc low bc ooi hl h-trees acm sigmod pm. ( 1992 )  
new paradigms for constructing symmetric encryption schemes secure against chosen-ciphertext attack a desai  lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
biodiversity informatics infrastructure : an information commons for the biodiversity community ga cotter bt bauldock proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0    
wavelet importance sampling : efficiently evaluating products of complex functions proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 p clarberg w jarosz t akenine-mã ¶ ller hw jensen   
contingent valuation and revealed preference methodologies : comparing the estimates for quasi-public rt carson ne flores km martin jl wright  land economics 1996.0 
success and failure factors for implementing effective electronic markets electronic markets 1998.0 t fong d fowler pmc swatman   
a hypothesis about gateway cities af burghardt 1957.0  geography  
icarus corporation : rockville ip evaluator    
distributed application support : survey and synthesis of existing approaches a schill information and software technology 1990.0    
intraductal collagenase delivery into the human pancreas using syringe loading or controlled jrt lakey gl warnock z ao amj shapiro g 1998.0  transplantation proceedings  
data warehouse configuration algorithms s ligoudistianos d theodoratos t sellis  1998.0 
nonequilibrium numerical simulation of radiation cooled arcjets s miller m martinez-sanchez proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion    
enzyme activities in muscles of seasonally acclimatized house finches c carey rl marsh a bekoff rm johnston am olin  see ref  
constructing and integrating data-centric web applications s ceri i manolescu  methods tools and techniques vldb  
ecological storytelling and collaborative scientific activities acm siggroup bulletin 2002.0 h karasti ks baker gc bowker   
constructing the next 100 database management systems : like the handyman or like the engineer ? a geppert kr dittrich sigmod record 1994.0 
â ?? integral-methodische integration multimedialer und interaktiver lernwerkzeuge zur optimierung der proceedings of d-cscl c koppenhã ¶ fer t bã ¶ hmann h krcmar   
pc 's are paying off pc b howard   
efficient topology-aware overlay network . acm computer communications review 33 ( 1 ) : 101â ?? 106 jan m waldvogel r rinaldi proceedings of acm hotnets-i ( october  
trust and distrust : new relationships and realities the academy of management review 1998.0 rj lewicki dj mcallister rj bies   
multiversion concurrency control -- theory and algorithms acm transactions on database systems pa bernstein n goodman  1983.0 
interval arithmetic for computer graphics j snyder  proceedings of acm siggraph  
using squids to address forwarding pointer aliasing jp grossman j brown a huang t knight   
community and computer-generated distance learning environments dl cook new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
numerical simulations of dense collisional systems ( abstract only ) h salo  proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
rethinking database system architecture : towards a self-tuning risc-style database architecture s chaudhuri g weikum proc . of 26 thint . conf . on very large  
a tool for vision based pedestrian detection performance evaluation m bertozzi a broggi p grisleri a tibaldi   
techniques for orthotopic liver transplantation in the rat and some studies of the immunologic fa zimmermann gw butcher hs davies g brons n transplant proc 1979.0    
kumarv ( 1997 ) scalable parallel data mining for association rules proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of eh han g karypis   
borges y la nada m ferrer  1967.0 
a hankel approach to singular system realiza-tion theory ws gray ei verriest fl lewis proc . 29th cdc honolulu hawaii    
an analysis of three gigabit networking protocols for storage area networks v kaladhar ieee computer  
building invisible interfaces . keynote talk proc . acm uist m weiser   
efficient optimistic concurrency control using loosely synchronized clocks sigmod conference a adya r gruber b liskov u maheshwari  1995.0 
a type system for well-founded recursion d dreyer   
assessment of family-centered care policies and practices for pediatric patients in nine us journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 n eckle sl maclean   
the challenge of process data warehousing proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 m jarke t list j kã ¶ ller   
a new model for macrocell partitioning s areibi m thompson seattle washington : 16th international conference on & hellip ;   2001.0 
maximum profitability with minimum risk and effort aj richmond proc . 29th apcom beijing china    
automatic induction of rules for e-mail classification j kay e mccreath   
services of a broker in electronic commerce transactions electronic markets c beam m bichler a segev   
genetic and biochemical studies on neurospora conidia germination and formation see ref s brody   
part-time faculty quality programs and economic realities jd haeger  new directions for higher education 1998.0 
syntactic dictionary of polish verbs m swidzinski unpublished manuscript    
mapping explanation-basedgeneralization onto soar psrje laird technical report 1111 stanford university dept. of computer  
learning multi-digit multiplication by modeling rectangles a izsã ¡ k proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the north american  
a view selection tool for multidimensional databases hm jamil ga modica   
modification of belief in evidential causal networks fj mcerlean da bell jw guan information and software technology 1999.0 
reforming welfare and rewarding work v knox c miller l gennetian  2000.0 
harden the tcp/ip stack microsoft corporation h to   
an overview and classification of mediated query systems sigmod record 1999.0 r domenig kr dittrich   
shore : combining the best features of oodbms and file systems s team sigmod conference    
assessing the departmental major . 1988.0 b fong new directions for teaching and learning  
specification faithfulness in networks with rational nodes d parkes j shneidman proceedings of the 23rd acm symposium on principles of & hellip ;    
the integration of an integrated concurrency control and recovery scheme a chan s fox w lin a nori d ries  proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
an empirical study of a software reuse reference model information & software technology 2000.0 dc rine n nada   
adapting packet fair queueing to wireless networks proc . of acm mobicomâ ?? 98 p ramanathan p agrawal   
social studies curriculum renewal : internationalizing the curriculum . g blankenship social studies and the young learner 1994.0    
learning about planning from success and failure . tj sork  new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
put it in the contract : the lessons of ariane jm jã © zã © quel b meyer   
rethinking resistance and recognizing ambivalence : a multidimensional view of attitudes toward an sk piderit 2000.0  academy of management review  
riemann 's hypothesis and tests for primality gl miller proceedings of seventh annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ; 1975.0    
routing and fairness issues associated with a self routing control strategy in regular mesh photonic f chevalier d cotter d harle proc . int . teletraffic conf  
demonstrating a video and audio web c parker a pang s pfeiffer proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0    
n. stefanovic 1997 â ?? geominer : a system prototype for spatial data miningâ ?? j han k koperski proc . acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data ( sigmod &#39; 97  
reasoning about gradual changes of topological relationships mj egenhofer kk al-taha lecture notes in computer science 1992.0 
populating the hermitage museum 's new web site 2001.0 f mintzer gw braudaway fp giordano jc lee ka communications-acm  
initiation of sendai virus multiplication from transfected cdna or rna with negative or positive 1996.0 a kato y sakai t shioda t kondo m nakanishi y genes to cells  
c. kuckes a. steinig t. 1993 . the berkom multimedia collaboration service m altenhofen j dittrich r hammerschmidt tk proc . 1st acm conf . on  
recovery of object-oriented design from existing data-intensive business programs hbk tan tw ling information and software technology 1995.0 
stay in touch . n randall  pc magazine  
a methodology of testing high-level petri nets h zhu x he information & software technology 2002.0 
research methodologies and the doctoral process jw creswell ga miller new directions for higher education   1997.0 
social capital collective action and adaptation to climate change . economic geography 2003.0 wn adger   
reasoning with prioritized defaults m gelfond tc son lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
teaching evaluation : past present and future jc ory new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0    
a robust multiresolution registration approach s seeger g hã $ usler    
the challenge of process warehousing proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; m jarke t list j koller   
culture and the development of everyday social explanation jg miller journal of personality and social psychology 1984.0    
laptops in the humanities : classroom walls come tumbling down 2005.0 be weaver new directions for teaching and learning  
reuse of proofs in software verification lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 w reif k stenzel   
a logical design methodology for relational databases using the eer model t teorey d yang j frey  acm transaction on database systems  
role of monoamines in mediating the action of hormones on learning and memory g telegdy gl kovics  see matthies  
dynamic file allocation in disk arrays g weikum p zabback p scheuermann proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1991.0    
solving the project time/cost tradeoff problem using the minimal cut concept s phillips jr mi dessouky management science 1977.0    
design principles for software manufacturing tools portal.acm.org    
component-based e-commerce : assesment of current practices and future directions . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
asymptotic laplace transforms and evolution equations g lumer f neubrander    
the role of public exposure in moral and nonmoral shame and guilt rh smith jm webster wg parrott hl eyre journal of personality and social psychology 2002.0    
b. seeger an evaluation of generic bulk loading techniques j van den bercken proceedings of    
parkinson 's disease : past present and future neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - ij kopin  1993.0 
future directions in workplace learning wf spikes new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
an examination of the implementation of peer review of teaching 2000.0 dj bernstein j jonson k smith new directions for teaching and learning  
felling of trees depletes thaneâ ?? s forest cover times of india bombay india march m ballal   
thinking objectively accomplishing software stability 2002.0 m fayad communications-acm  
lira : an approach for service differentiation in the internet i stoica h zhang   
shore protection policy and practices in oregon : an evaluation of implementation success jw good 1994.0  coastal management  
tutto ( o quasi ) sugli scanner g laing pc magazine  
recent bt patents bt technology journal p gray  2002.0 
clio : schema mapping as query discovery rj miller l haas m hernandez proceedings of the 26th vldb conference cairo egypt    
acm multimedia '94 conference workshop on multimedia database management systems pb berra sigmod record 1995.0 
terminal-terminal handler commands european informatics network p schicker ein/zhr/75 / 18 zurich    
challenges and trends in processor design : challenges not roadblocks e killian ieee computer    
the challenge of serving teenage mothers : lessons from project redirection df polit 1988.0    
modeling dna transition using markov random network submitted for j white j chen j wang kjr liu   
typing unicode characters from the keyboard c petzold pc magazine    
schema mapping as query discovery m hernandez r miller l haas proc . sigmod conf. page    
fourier principles for emotion-based human figure animation m umuma k anjyo r takeuchi proceedings of acm  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?macaw : a media access protocol for wireless lansã cents â ? ¬ â ? v bharghavan a demers s shenker l zhang  proceedings of acm  
spartina workshop record : seattle washington november 14-15 1990 tf mumford 1991.0    
where do the rural elderly obtain their primary care lg hart ra rosenblatt dm lishner h friedman lm seattle washington : wwami rural health research center in  
proof nets garbage and computations 1996 s guerrini s martini a masini  submitted for  
on dynamic measures of risk finance and stochastics j cvitanic i karatzas  1999.0 
efficient proofs that a committed number lies in an interval f boudot  lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
maintenance of stratified databases viewed as a belief revision system k apt jm pugin proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
cnn/si challenges espn site . ' electronic media r shaw   
moviemakers at work d chell  microsoft  
the present state of ecg data processing . what has been accomplished in thirty years ? 1990.0 hv pipberger acm press history series  
yield stress and wall slip phenomena in colloidal silica gels hj walls sb caines am sanchez sa khan    
preparing future educators to support inclusion : college studentsâ ?? attitudes following pre - ej shier   2002.0 
application and database design - putting if off sigmod record cj shaw   
a first order interval logic unpublished manuscript z chaochen mr hansen   
transaction support in read optimized and write optimized file systems vldb mi seltzer m stonebraker  1990.0 
a multi-level architecture for relational data base systems 1975.0 ha schmid pa bernstein vldb  
supercooled liquid bulk glassy and nanocrystalline states of alloys aa kundig jf lofller wl johnson  mrs sym .  
supporting real-time applications in an inlegrated services packet network : architecture and proc . acm sigcomm dc ii s shenker l zhang   
primary aortoenteric fistula in the emergency department journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 fl mirarchi md scheatzle rj mitre   
erin and v. peris quality-of-service in packet networks : basic mechanisms and directions r guã ? computer networks    
forthcoming urban growth as poverty alleviation in bolivia goâ ?? hare m barke    
spec2000 : measuring cpu performance in the new millenium ieee computer j henning   
market-based workflow management for the outsourcing of activities through a federation of market y badir c stricker r dalla palma    
engineering ( ensr ) e consulting acl demonstration report yaworski lagoon superfund site    
use of chemicals to protect trees from mountain pine beetle attack amman gene d. camp . proceedings-symposium on the management & hellip ; pj shea   
selective markov models for predicting web page accesses m deshpande g karypis acm transactions on internet technology 2004.0 
syracuse university : a systematic approach to curriculum and faculty development . rm diamond new directions for higher education 1976.0 
constructing database systems in a persistent environment r cooper a dearle  vldb 1987.0 
slice dice and deliver c babcock  computerworld  
l'hypercontractivite et son utilisation en theorie des semi-groupes 1994.0 d bakry lecture notes in mathematics-springer verlag -  
morphological mapping rs waters geography    
the qualitative/quantitative debate cs reichardt sf rallis new directions for program evaluation . san francisco ca : & hellip ;  
a controller synthesis algorithm for building self-adaptive software g tziallas b theodoulidis information and software technology  
version 4.0 f simulator microsoft corporation    
the ambr model comparison project : multitasking the icarus federation and concept learning proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the cognitive & hellip ; ka gluck mj young   
system design just as there are two schools of thought about system cj shaw sigmod record 1988.0    
dynamic html in action em schurman wj pardi   1999.0 
a methodology for constructing communication protocols g singh  proc . acm sigcomm symp  
multimedia database management systems a ghafoo17  acm computing surveys 1995.0 
three principles of representation for semantic networks acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 rl griffith   
genetic mapping in a citrus x poncirus f 2 population ml roose dc jarrell rs kupper  proc int soc citriculture  
internet technology for future space missions j rash k hogie r casasanta j rash k hogie r computer networks   2005.0 
the merge/purge problem for large databases [ a ] proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod conference on management & hellip ; ah mauricio js stolfo   
fad a simple and powerful database language f bancilhon t briggs s khoshafian p valdurier proc . vldb brighton  
implementation of a knowledge-based software development environment ns barghouti ge kaiser  proc . 21st annual hawaii intâ ?? l conf on systems sciences & hellip ;  
new quadric metric for simplifying meshes with appearance attributes . ieee visualizationâ ?? 99 h hoppe  1999.0 
effects of drugs on avoidance and escape behavior l cook ac catania fed proc   1964.0 
making welfare work and work pay : implementation and 18-month impacts of the minnesota family c miller v knox p auspos ja hunter-manns a  1997.0 
delay bounds for a network of guaranteed rate servers with fifo aggregation s jamin pb danzig s shenker l zhang proc . of acm sigcomm    
welcoming commuter students into living-learning programs ra stevensâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   2000.0 
lambda-coloring of graphs lecture notes in computer science hl bodlaender t kloks rb tan j van leeuwen  2000.0 
experimental studies of competition as a factor affecting the distribution and abundance of purple sc schroeter   1978.0 
assessment of striatal extracellular dopamine and dopamine metabolites by microdialysis in re see 1993.0  neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -  
d. ott fd smith tuning red for web traffic m chnstiansen k jeffay  proceedings of acm/sigcomm  
modular mixin-based inheritance for application frameworks d duggan cc techaubol   
experiential education at a community college . new directions for higher education ls zwerling  1974.0 
warping indexes with envelope transforms for query-by-humming systems y zhu d sasha proceedings of acm sigmod  
a metastasis-associated antigen is present on a 60 kda glycoprotein in transitional cell carcinoma 1992.0 t matsusako h muramatsu t shirahama t muramatsu the histochemical journal  
leading a university during controversy : challenges faced by a new president j genshaft j wheat new directions for higher education 2004.0    
translating dependency into parametricity s tse s zdancewic   
exponential asymptotics for limits of renewal equations and pseudo-stationary phenomena for submitted for publication m gyllenberg ds silvestrov   
isthmus veracruz ( mecayapan ) nahuat laryngeals . c wolgemuth  aztec studies i  
some design refinements and principles on the appearance and behavior of marking menus dialogues ma tapia g kurtenbach  proceedings of acm uistâ ?? 95  
a taxonomy of ip traffic matrix estimation : existing techiniques and new directions a medina n taft k salamatian s bhattacharyya c proc . acm sigcomm    
texor : temporal xml database on an object-relational database system k nã ¸ rvag m limstrand l myklebust  submitted for publication 2002.0 
macaw : a media access protocol for wireless lans proc . of acm sigcommm v bhargavan a demers s shenker l zhang   
split-transactions for open-ended activities g kaiser c pu n hutchinson proc . of the 14th vldb  
ka & lee c. ( 1990 ) an adaptive data placement scheme for parallel database computer systems proc . pi hua  vldb conf brisbane  
web application performance testingâ ?? a case study of an on-line learning application bt technology journal 2000.0 j shaw   
an addition theorem for some extremal functions about finite bases xd jia   1993.0 
organophosphate poisoning in perth western australia 1987-19961 gm emerson nm gray ga jelinek d mountain hj journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
creating competitive advantage : forest policy as industrial policy in chile . 1995.0 ra clapp economic geography  
outpatient treatment of spontaneous pneumothorax in a community hospital using a heimlich flutter p campisi aj voitk 1997.0  journal of emergency medicine  
formative and summative evaluation : parody or paradox new directions for teaching and learning ja centra  1987.0 
the methood approach : measures transformation rules and heuristics for object-oriented design t grotehen kr dittrich    
data integration in the large : the challenge of reuse a rosenthal lj seligman  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
toward a multilevel secure data model s jajodia r sandhu proceedings : acm  
application architecture ( panel session ) : 2tier or 3tier ? what is dbms 's role ? ak nori 2000.0  proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
home networking 101 c metz pc magazine . accessed    
organizational technology ml tushman w smith companion to organizations    
2005 annual conference : presidential address b chambers    
normalization in oodb design 1995.0 bs lee acm sigmod record  
on the structure of a random tournament with a given score sequence z gao bd mckay x wang    
waveguide dammann gratings and kinoforms ( abstract only ) j saarinen j huttunen a vasara j turunen a oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
performance prediction of parallel processing systems : the pamela methodology ajc van gemund   
constructing group learning je heimlich new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service for internet applications p castro b greenstein i stoica r morris d  proc . acm sigcomm  
open oodb : a modular object-oriented dbms s ford ja blakeley tj bannon proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1993.0 
m stonebraker m 1991 segment indexes : dynamic indexing techniques for multi-dimensional interval proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on the management cp kolovson   
can we really control what happens during the ramp ? c michel jonker s geneva    
object-relational database systems : principles products and challenges ( tutorial ) mj carey nm mattos a nori sigmod conference    
the dos projectâ ?? s â ?? trinooâ ?? distributed denial of service attack tool d dittrich & hellip ; of washington . seattle washington usa . [ online ] . available & hellip ; 1999.0 
pipes-a public infrastructure for processing and exploring streams proc . of the acm sigmod j kramer b seeger  2004.0 
h. z wicker m. v an b aar j. g ross m. 2000 . surfels : surface elements as rendering primitives p fister proceedings of acm siggraph    
gaby alan r : nutrltional therapy for the 1990â ?? s und gaby alan r und wright jonathan v : jv wright    
monosomic analysis of resistance to eyespot in the variety â ?? roazon.â ?? j jahier g doussinault f dosba f bourgeois  proc . int . wheat genet . symp  
delta-4 a generic architecture for dependable distributed computing d powell   1991.0 
analyzing the impact of school finance reform pr brown rf elmore  1982.0 
vision in mating behaviour of fireflies jf case see ref    
121 or 122 biology 120 121 or 122 ; calculus 120 chemistry 121 or 122 french 121 or 122 nb english   
emotional responses to affective displays in others : the distinction between empathy and sympathy rj gruen g mendelsohn journal of personality & social psychology    
diagnosis and symptomatology new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 k hodges   
adjunct faculty in the community college : realities and challenges ba wyles  new directions for higher education 1998.0 
nistir 6376 national institute of standards and technology 100 bureau drive gaithersburg md mj donahue dg porter   
tuned risc devices deliver top performance d bursky electronic  
using quantitative information for efficient association rule generation b pã ´ ssas w meira jr m carvalho r resende j. braz . comp . soc 2000.0 
multiâ ?? level transaction mangement for complex objects : implementation g weikum c hasse  performance parallelism to appear in : vldb journal  
primary care physician and patient factors that result in patients seeking emergency care in a d boushy i dubinsky journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
exceptions in sgml document grammars submitted for publication p kilpelainen d wood   
radiofrequency denervation for neck and back pain . a systematic review of randomized controlled cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 l niemisto e kalso a malmivaara s seitsalo h   
teaching from notes : some cognitive consequences . rs day  new directions for teaching and learning : learning & hellip ;  
progressive multilevel meshes from octree particles 1999.0 y yemez f schmitt 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ;  
tangible program histories ta proebsting bg zorn    
marylandâ ?? s forests : a health report . maryland department of natural resourcesâ ?? forest service md ec schwaab l alban j riley r rabaglia ke   
reconstruction : america 's unfinished revolution 1863-1877 e foner    
pathfinder : xqueryâ ?? the relational way proc . vldb conf 2005.0 p boncz t grust m van keulen s manegold j   
civil forfeiture and the war on drugs : lessons from economics and history dj boudreaux ac pritchard san diego law review 1996.0    
transplantation of heart pancreas spleen and kidney to the neck in rats m olaussen l mjoerstedt b frisk h bryunger l  proc int microsurg soc  
a framework for linking culture and improvement initiatives in organizations jr detert rg schroeder jj mauriel 2000.0  academy of management review  
on the estimation of the number of desired records wrh respect to a given query ct ytr ws luk mk sitr  acm trans database syst  
business behavior value and growth wj baumol  1959.0 
andj . yen â ?? comparisonofteleworkintheusandjapan : aculturalcontingency model â ?? proc . of acm sigcpr/sigmis conf k higa v sivakumar   
distributed multimedia systems vok li w liao  proceedings-ieee 1997.0 
xmlin action wj pardi 1999.0    
what is more important to effective governance : relationships trust and leadership or structures new directions for higher education 2004.0 a kezar   
design of pam and pwm controllers for sampled-data interval systems ls shieh wm wang jw sunkel proc . spie   1996.0 
towards a semantic view of en extended entity-relationship diagram m gogolla u hohestein acm transactions on database systems  
bimodal speech recognition using lip movement measured by optical-flow analysis k iwano s tamura s furui    
voluntary turnover social capital and organizational performance gg dess jd shaw  academy of management review 2001.0 
nonparametric regression analysis of longitudinal data hg mã 1/4 ller 1988.0    
topics of current aerosol research ed gm hidy and jr brock 1972.0 rl drake   
drill a vpn through the internet t pompili  pc magazine  
service delivery assessment : qualitative evaluations at the cabinet level m hendricks new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
a neutral list of 10 combinational benchmark circuits and a target translator in fortran f brglez h fujiwara proc . iscas    
research methodology in management : current practices trends and implications for future research 2000.0 ta scandura ea williams academy of management journal  
kanata : adaptation and evolution in data sharing systems sigmod record paafa kementsietsidis rjmy velegrakis  2004.0 
approximation and collusion in multicast cost sharing submitted . available in preprint form at http 2001.0 j feigenbaum a krishnamurthy r sami s shenker   
in '' radiopharmaceuticals 11 & hellip ; symposium on radiopharmaceuticals seattle washington & hellip ; e deutsch   
effects of daily stress on negative mood n bolger a delongis rc kessler ea schilling journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0    
repacking on demand for speed-sensitive channel assignment 2005.0 hm tsai ac pang yc lin yb lin hm tsai ac pang computer networks  
dehydrogenase enzyme histochemistry on freezedried or fixed resin-embedded tissue 1988.0 gi murray md burke swb ewen the histochemical journal  
curved analogs of bernsteinâ ?? gelfandâ ?? gelfand resolutions a cap j slovak v soucek  to  
lessons from wall street : case studies in configuration tuning and distribution 1997.0 d shasha proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
evidence for a qualitative defect in factor-viii-related antigen in von willebrand 's disease . c thomson cd forbes cr prentice lancet i 1974.0 
tr-94-09 msr report microsoft    
offering a precision-performance tradeoff for aggregation queries over replicated data twenty-sixty c olston j widom cairo egypt september    
a survey of logical models for olap databases . 1999.0 acms anthology sigmod record  
pushing the envelope with push technology wr stanek pc magazine online    
using a steerable projector and a camera to transform surfaces into interactive displays c pinhanez    
discovery of multiple-level rule s from large database j han y fu   
bulk amorphous alloys : practical characteristics and applications vol . 6 of materials science 1999.0 a inoue   
a value pluralism model of ideological reasoning journal of personality and social psychology pe tetlock   
adaptive precision in texture mapping a glassner acm siggraph computer graphics 1986.0    
data mining-based intrusion detectors : an overview of the columbia ids project sj stolfo w lee pk chan w fan e eskin sigmod record   2001.0 
colour vision as an adaptation to frugivory in primates d osorio m vorobyev proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
broadband signalling-acronyms 1998.0 atm aesa bt technology journal  
interventions for basal cell carcinoma of the skin f bath j bong w perkins h williams cochrane database syst rev 2003.0    
technology and economy of blending and mixing . the best of bulk solids handling : stacking blending trans tech publications zurich switzerland at zador   
infrared and chemical studies on algal polysaccharides dj stancioff nf stanley proc . int . seaweed symp  
warping of a computerized 3-d atlas to match brain image volumes for quantitative neuroanatomical ac evans w dai l collins p neelin s marrett proc . spie 1991.0 
parallel blackboard system . k decker a garvey m humphrey v lesser university of massachusetts technical report    
structural variations of different oral basement membranes revealed by cationic dyes and detergent h chardin jp gokani d septier jv ruch m the histochemical journal   1992.0 
the mglur2/3 agonist ly379268 attenuates reinstatement of heroin and sucrose seeking induced by re jm bossert sy liu y shaham   2004.0 
adaptive best-effort delivery of live audio and video across packet-switched networks k jeffay dl stone proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0    
extraction of object-oriented structures from existing relational databases s ramanathan j hodges sigmod record 1997.0    
optimizing database architecture for the new bottleneck : memory access ( extended paper published for the vldb journal p boncz s manegold m kersten   
belief reasoning in mls deductive databases hm jamil sigmod conference   1999.0 
what happens during a join ? dissecting cpu and memory optimization effects s manegold p boncz ml kersten   
porpoise fisheries in the southern caribbean â ?? present utilizations and future potentials proceedings of the 23rd annual session of the gulf and & hellip ; dk caldwell mc caldwell   
energy research and development corporation ( australia ) project report no. 37 rm gifford 1991.0    
machine vision theory algorithms practicalities er davis academic san diego  
sensory evaluation practices academic press h stone jl sidel  san diego  
qualitative behavior of solutions to nã ? n systems of conservation laws k trivisa    
thermal resistance of gallium-arsenide field-effect transistors pw webb    
craig stinson è ?? m dodge microsoft excel  
the shadow of the future : effects of anticipated interaction and frequency of contact on buyer - jb heide as miner the academy of management journal 1992.0 
adaptive design of locomotion and foot form in prosobranch gastropods sel miller 1972.0    
preparing the wound bed-debridement bacterial balance and moisture balance rg sibbald d williamson hl orstedâ ? ¦   
brief presentation of the story and present status of studies of the vertebrate cholinergic system ag karczmar neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0    
widening the net : workshop report on the theory and practice of physical and network communities 1997.0 s whittaker e isaacs vo ` day acm sigchi bulletin  
grid-graph partitioning ww donaldson  2000.0 
surviving and thriving sa cox new directions for higher education 1996.0    
neural networks for intelligent multimedia processing 1998.0 sy kung jn hwang proceedings-ieee  
chuck : a programming language for on-the-fly real-time audio synthesis and multimedia g wang p cook proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0    
iterative pde computations on a transputer based parallel computer procs 2nd hellenic conference on mathematics and informatics & hellip ; en mathioudakis ep papadopoulou yg saridakis   
constructing logically consistent special and general theories of relativity math . dept. us naval md ra herrmann   
tech ed pc magazine a robbins   
oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil and g. weikum ã cents â ? ¬ å?the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database disk ej oã cents proceedings of international conference on management of & hellip ;  
notes on database operating systems jn gray lecture notes in computer science .  
multimodalityâ ?? the future of the wireless user interface bt technology journal spa ringland fj scahill  2003.0 
scott shenker ( xerox parc ) deborah estrin ( usc/isi ) '' sharing the cost of multicast trees : an s herzog proceedings of  
the bandwidth bottleneck s rupley  pc magazine  
the use of formvar films on both sides of a section to facilitate the selected surface technique for i shore j moss the histochemical journal 1988.0    
rowohlt verlag 1990 mfh hamm   
supermon : cluster monitoring as if performance mattered mj sottile rg minnich  submitted for publication  
establishing visions in context : toward a model of requirements processes proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; m jarke k pohl  1993.0 
globalization institutional evolution and the australian federation tj courchene see galligan  
minimum cost selection of secondary indexes for formatted files acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) hd anderson pb berra  1977.0 
assessment of seismic and infrasound signals in korea with ground truth b stump ms jun c hayward js jeon iy che sm   
printers ( the drivers manual ) j mace  pc magazine  
gifted children : myths and realities . 1996.0 e winner   
liberal education and professional programs : conflict coexistence or compatibility ? . new directions for higher education 1987.0 j stark   
bipes : the elusive two-legged lizard ce shaw zoonooz ( san diego )    
alumni affinity cards-the developing relationship proceedings of the 23rd emac conference maastricht no s horne s worthington   
the incubation period serial interval and lifetime risks of developing tuberculosis e vynnycky pem fine   
interannual variability of carbon dioxide and water vapor fluxes above a boreal aspen forest z chen proceedings of the 23rd conference on agricultural and & hellip ;    
on the character of the complete radiation at a given temperature l rayleigh phil . mag    
identical origin of adrenal cortex and gonad revealed by expression profiles of ad4bp/sf -1 o hatano a takakusu m nomura k morohashi genes to cells 1996.0 
large-vocabulary data-centric dialogues bt technology journal 1999.0 dj attwater sj whittaker   
xml data management : go native or spruce up relational systems ? 2001.0 pa larson sigmod record  
report of the study group on the role of public finance in european integration d macdougallâ ? ¦ vol . i brussels  
logitech sounds off with inexpensive 16-bit board wl rosch  pc magazine 1993.0 
conditional heteroscedasticity modeling in macroeconomics and finance d steigerwald    
keynote address seventh international world wide web conference t berners-lee   
marketing realities in continuing professional education rf craven mb duhamel 2000.0  new directions for adult and continuing education  
data sharing through query translation in autonomous sources a kementsietsidis m arenas proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0    
biologische psychologie n birbaumer rf schmidt    
web power tools : the cutting edge ? pc magazine-american edition - b machrone   
a sophisticate 's introduction to database normalization theory c beeri pa bernstein n goodman 1978.0  vldb  
cohorts of the future cj grabinski new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 
the future of virtual reality : head mounted displays versus spatially immersive displays ( panel ) 1996.0 e lantz proceedings of the 23rd annual conference on computer & hellip ;  
barge co. v. columbia pacific towing corp s tug see    
geographic applications development : models and tools for the conceptual level acm-gis n tryfona t hadzilacos   
loosely coupled systems : a reconceptualization jd orton ke weick the academy of management review 1990.0    
principles of operation : a practical primer adcp rdi-primer rdinstruments san diego  
the human herpesvirus 6 u51-encoded chemokine receptorlike protein down regulates expression of the rsb milne l nicholson p devaraj ua gompels  proceedings of the 23rd international herpesvirus workshop  
converting nested relational algebra expressions into at algebra expressions j paredaens d van gucht  acm transaction on database systems  
the merge/purge problem for large databases 1995.0 ma hernandez sj stolfo proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
futz factorâ ?? measurement tough to pin down in tco p dryden computerworld    
biological clocks in birds proc . int . ornithol . congr j aschoff   
pesto : an integrated query/browser for object databases v maganty  vldb 1996.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ fault tolerance techniques for systolic arraysã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents a jacob p banerjee cy chen w fuchs sy kuo a  ieee computer  
exact : an extensible approach to active object-oriented databases o dãaz a jaime the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0    
has welfare reform been successful for all groups ? examining racial variations in caseload decline c miller k cox  unpublished manuscript  
long range interaction of cis-dna elements mediated by architectural transcription factor bach1 c yoshida f tokumasu ki hohmura j bungert n genes to cells   1999.0 
perilous conduct : initiating developing and transforming the relationship between student and p clarke m fielding  & hellip ; educational research association seattle washington  
future strategies for control of bovine tuberculosis b buddle proceedings of the 23rd seminar of the sheep and beef cattle & hellip ;  
day three versus day two embryo transfer following in vitro fertilization or intracytoplasmic sperm c oatway j gunby s daya  cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
graalbench : a 3d graphics benchmark suite for mobile phones i antochi b juurlink s vassiliadis p liuha   
chemistry of s-nitrosothiols d lyn h williams acc . chem . res  
active learning in continuing professional education : the challenge of leadership . jc novak 1992.0  new directions for adult and continuing education  
the classification of anxiety disorders dh barlow see tischler  
a method to calculate necessary assignments in algorithmic test pattern generation j rajski h cox  proc . int . test conf 1990.0 
fast closing switches for low-impedance pulse generators jgh salge u katschinski j heuer tu braunschweig    
charge-based proportional scheduling . technical memorandum mit/lcs/tm -529 u maheshwari  1995.0 
on the division of space with minimum partitional area l kelvin w thomson phil . mag    
the siamang in malaya : a field study of a primate in tropical rain forest dj chivers  contributions to primatology 1974.0 
formation of highly directional radiation patterns with zero values in given directions through vs filippov mv indenbom radiotekhnika i elektronika   1976.0 
setting environmental justice in space and place : acute and chronic airborne toxic releases in the urban geography sl cutter wd solecki   
cache-conscious radix-decluster projections s manegold p boncz n nes m kersten proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
qualitative spatial representation and reasoning techniques ag cohn lecture notes in computer science 1997.0    
the effects of self-esteem and evaluator demandingness on effort expenditure journal of personality and social psychology h sigall r gould  1977.0 
linking management behavior to ethical philosophy -- an empirical investigation 1984.0 dj fritzsche h becker the academy of management journal  
using quantitative information for ef-f-ficient ficient aasssociation rule generation sociation rule b pã ´ ssas w meira jr m carvalho rrb pã ´ ssas r    
g. graefe . experiences bulding the open oodb query optimizer ja gm931 wjmk blakeley  proceedings of the acm sigmod conf on management of data & hellip ;  
extraction of object-oriented schemas from existing relational databases : a form-driven approach m malki a flory mk rahmouni 2002.0  informatica  
an evaluation of generic bulk loading techniques 2001.0 j den bercken b seeger proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
on the nonexistence of positive solutions to doubly nonlinear equations for baouendiâ ?? grushin submitted for publication i kombe   
object and rle management m the exodus extensible database system cmj carey dj dewltt je i & ha & on ej shelata proceedmgs of 1986 vldb conference  
short programs for functions on curves v miller unpublished manuscript 1986.0    
scale frames and counter-scale frames : constructing the problem of environmental injustice he kurtz political geography   2003.0 
chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service lbr lntemet applications proc . acm sigcomm &#39; i stoica r morris d karger mf kaashoek h   
eevl : past present and future 1997.0 r macleod l kerr electronic library  
concurrent database reorganization-assessment of a powerful technique through moduling lss sã ¶ d81 proceedings vldb 1981.0 
seismic performance testing on wood framed shear wall n kawai procs . cib-w18 / 31 meeting  
database issues for the 21st century a bosworth proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
mapping contested terrains : schoolrooms and streetcorners in urban belize c rutheiser see ref  
schema mapping as query discovery rj miller lm haas ma hernã ¡ ndez proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0    
bird strike hazards as a factor in the site selection process and planning for the future new lisbon s pessoa c sequeira h blokpoel    
on hughes ' hp-problem ge wall proc . int . conf . theory of    
consultation through action learning l beaty 1999.0  new directions for teaching and learning  
distributed music trioâ ?? media synchronization over wide area networks j escobar 1994.0  proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;  
biochemistry and physiology of herbicide action c fedtke 1982.0    
setting the climate for effective teaching and learning . br sisco 1991.0  new directions for adult and continuing education  
a ( 1994 ) : automated grading assistance for student programs ( panel presentation ) dg kay pc isaacson ta scott k reek proceedings of the 25 thsigcse technical    
karmen 2 : a new precision in the search for neutrino oscillations j kleinfeller b armbruster m becker a benen g    
managerial optimism and corporate finance jb heaton    
culture : coherent or incoherent nj smelser see ref  
multiple implementation of a type clu design note 53 b liskov  1975.0 
linking departmental and institutional mission jk haynes  new directions for higher education 2002.0 
t.â ?? data warehouse configurationâ ?? ds theodoratos proc . 23 rdvldb conference greece    
the evolution of cscw : past present and future development d crow s parsowith gb wise acm sigchi bulletin   1997.0 
face-to-face with peer-to-peer networking d clark   
studies of ice by means of radio echo sounding pe gudmandsen 1976.0    
poisoning of hydrogen dissociation at pd ( 100 ) by adsorbed sulfur studied by ab initio quantum a gross cm wei m scheffler   
knowledge sharing over p2p knowledge networks : a peer ontology and semantic overlay driven approach ssr abidi x pang   
chromosome studies on salmonidae g svaerdson 1945.0    
truth and approximate truth in metric spaces 1997.0 ce ortiz   
modeling the cosmos : the shape of the universe keynote address a lasenby siggraph san diego  
pc user groups reach out 1993.0 mk flynn pc magazine  
extraction automatique dâ ?? associations textuelles ã ? partir de corpora non traitã?s g dias s guillorã © jgp lopes    
work incentives and work requirements for public housing residents : issues and options . j riccio g quets unpublished paper . new york : manpower demonstration research & hellip ;  
an information theoretic approach for shared bottleneck inference based on end-to-end measurements d katabi i bazzi x yang   
thin-lm electroluminescent displays : device characteristics and performance '' pm alt proc . sid  
metabolism biological handbooks . federation of american societies for experimental biology pl altman ds dittmer md  
topological analysis of peripherin/rds & abnormal glycosylation of the pathogenic p216l mutation . jdj wrigley cl nevett jbc findlay   
real-time database systems : issues and approaches sh son acm sigmod  
case studies . fe musiek ja baran mln pinheiro san diego singular    
bayesian inference for non-gaussian ornstein-uhlenbeck stochastic volatility processes p dellaportas o papaspiliopoulos go roberts  submitted for publication  
temperature-dependent intermediates in hiv-1 envelope glycoprotein-mediated fusion revealed by sa gallo gm clore jm louis ca bewley r    
hexachlorobenzene : effects on several estuarine animals pr parrish gh cook jm patrick proc . 28th ann . conf . se assoc. game fish commissioners    
mechanical ventilation : past and present k chen gl sternbach re fromm j varon 1998.0  journal of emergency medicine  
an overview of aspectjâ '' in jl knudsen g kiczales e hilsdale j hugunin m kersten j proceedings of    
database research at columbia university . sigmod record acms anthology  1998.0 
enhancing p2p file-sharing with an internet-scale query processor proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 bt loo jm hellerstein r huebsch s shenker i   
quantitative and qualitative assessment and clinical meaning of molecules removed with bk membranes u buoncristiani f galli s benedetti r errico s contributions to  
global qcd analysis of parton structure of the nucleon : cteq5 parton distributions hl lai j huston s kuhlmann j morfin f olness the european physical journal c-particles and fields 2000.0 
advanced data networkingâ ?? acronyms atm aesa bt technology journal 1998.0 
advances in the practical implementation of indicator geostatistics cv deutsch rw lewis proceedings 23rd apcom    
preserving mapping consistency under schema changes y velegrakis rj miller l popa  the vldb journal 2004.0 
salmon at riverâ ?? s end : the role of the estuary in the decline and recovery of columbia salmon & hellip ; . national marine fisheries service seattle washington dl bottom ca simenstad am baptista da jay j   
3d photography on your desk ieee proceedings of international conference of computer vision jy bouguet p perona bombay india  
community pharmacy personnel interventions for smoking cessation cochrane database syst rev hk sinclair cm bond lf stead  2004.0 
constructing difference in public spaces : race class and gender as interlocking systems s ruddick urban geography    
biodiversity informatics : the challenge of rapid development large databases and complex data proc . 26th vldb conf m lane j edwards e nielsen   
keynote address p brown european conference on hypertext ( paris 1990 ) cambridge & hellip ;  
dialogues : a basis for constructing programming environments acm sigplan notices 1983   1983.0 
voice over ip . mitp rd kã ¶ hler  2002.0 
uneven development and the tragedy of the commons : competing images for nature-society analysis 1992.0 rs roberts j emel economic geography  
newsday 29 august 1990 ; 3 january 1991 k royce    
a lexicograc method for recognizing proper interval graphs proper circular arc graphs and p hell j huang    
keynote address on concurrent programming pb hansen    
in quest of insectresistant forest trees hd gerhold  see ref  
a generalization of linear cryptanalysis and the applicability of matsui 's piling-up lemma c harpes gg kramer jl massey lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
study of native xml database systems cs report    
access versus holdings : document deliver realities 1999.0 f boyle m davies electronic library  
cellular and molecular bases of biological clocks 1988.0 ln edmunds   
timing of surgery for aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage pc whitfield pj kirkpatrick 2003.0  cochrane database syst rev  
offering a precision-performance tradeoff for aggregation queries over replicated data c olston j widom vldb   2000.0 
environmental hazards : the challenge of change geography d jones   
existence and construction of edge low congestion paths on expander graphs az broder am frieze e upfal  proc . 29th acm symp . on theory of computing  
designer zinc finger proteins : tools for creating artificial dna-binding functional proteins . m dhanasekaran s negi y sugiura acc chem res 2006.0 
asope and the fabled promise of process knowledge capture and reuse sg thompson br odgers e kendall 1999.0  bt technology journal  
impacts from the youth incentive entitlement pilot projects : participation work and schooling over g farkasâ ? ¦ 1982.0    
technology assessment : technology viable to keep â ?? take-homeâ ?? food warm for 30 minutes by neal c sand   2003.0 
normalization in oodb design sl byung  acm sigmod record-1999-24  
detection of extreme waves in sar images and radar-image sequences h dankert j horstmann w rosenthal   
trees from glue : chemical biogeography of nasute termites bl bentley gd prestwieh t gush see ref  
interval logics for temporal specification and verification ys ramakrishna  1994.0 
basic timestamp multiversion timestamp and two phase locking wk lrn j nolte proc 9th vldb ( florence ott    
high-frequency epr of octahedral mn ( ii ) compounds with large zero-field splittings acc . chem . res dml goodgame h el mkami gm smith jp zhao ejl  1998.0 
theory of rayleigh scattering using finite-n random-matrix theory r zimmermann e runge    
the relationship between upper-level divergent outflow magnitude as measured by doppler radar and conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; a witt sp nelson  1984.0 
dissociating evidence-based and intuition-based self-knowledge : an fmri study md lieberman jm jarcho ab satpute submitted for publication    
spatial vision in arthropods 1981.0 r wehner handbook of sensory physiology  
poã ¨ ãtaã ¨ ovã © viry na prahu milã © nia t pã ¸ ibyl computerworld  
institutional economics . its place in political economy jr commons    
spore structure and its relations to resistance dormancy and germination a keynan  see rel  
tamoxifen for relapse of ovarian cancer cj williams  cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
a qualitative approach to organisational goal setting for information systems development pdc bennetts s mills t wood-harper software quality management-international conference - 1998.0    
mechanism for transduction of the ligand-binding signal in heme-based gas sensory proteins revealed t uchida t kitagawa acc . chem . res 2005.0    
server isa nebezpeã ¨ nã 1/2 computerworld    
proceedinas 14th ieee photovoltaic soecialists conference ss li wl wang pw lai ry loo gs kamath rc  san diego  
welfare-to-work choices and challenges for states 1997.0 a after   
component-based e-commerce : assesment of current practices and future directions m bichler a segev jl zhao  sigmod record 1998.0 
monitoring and blunting : validation of a questionnaire to assess styles of information seeking under sm miller journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
breeding farm practices jw britton  equine medicine and surgery santa barbara california & hellip ;  
design metrics for database systems bt technology journal rhm gray bn carey na mcglynn ad pengelly   
adaptive backtrace and dynamic partitioning enhance atpg a lioy proc . int . conf . computer design  
towards a spatial query language : user interface considerations vldb 1988.0 mj egenhofer au frank   
qualitative modeling and simulation : promise or illusion fe cellier  proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter simulation 1991.0 
substance abuse programming in shelter settings m argyriou d mccarty community demonstration grant projects for alcohol and drug & hellip ;  
international reference ionosphere 1990 rep. nssdc 90-22 natl. space sci . data cent. greenbelt d bilitza md    
on optimistic methods for concurrency control ht king jt robinson very large data bases 1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ; 1979.0    
j. batter in p. kilpatrick . project grope-haptic displays for scientific visualization f brooks m ouh-young proceedings of acm    
entity relationship modelling addison-wesley pub co r barker   1990.0 
advanced internetwork designâ ?? today and in the future gm whalley p hitchen a smith k linsell p bt technology journal   1998.0 
wood-water relations c skaar  1988.0 
selenium/zeolite y nanocomposites . a goldbach ml saboungi acc . chem . res 2005.0    
on bayesian interval prediction of future records ek al-hussaini aa ahmad   2001.0 
education in the united states [ cd-rom ] microsoftâ ® encarta ag powell   
audio illusions for audio feedback companion proceedings of acm m beaudouin-lafon s conversy   
on a singularly perturbed one dimensional damped hyperbloic problem an carvalho sm bruschi submitted for  
enabling wide-area replication of database services with continuous consistency k walsh a vahdat j yang unpublished    
macaw : a medium access protocol for indoor wireless lans '' proc . acm v bharghavan a demers s shenker l zhang   
study of a mathematical model of a flexible solar array sub-panel assembly ( velsa 2 ) kj zimmermann 1979.0    
findings from the cofhe studies . s montgomery new directions for higher education 1989.0 
knowledge about the deleterious effects of smoking and its relationship to smoking cessation among adolescence-san diego - 2000.0 sa albrecht lw higgins h lebow   
the relationship between the qualitative and quantitative research traditions new directions for program evaluation cs reichardt sf rallis   
user interfaces challenges of media design ( panel ) m arent a hodges s houde e waymire proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
alacritech 100x4 quad-port server adapter : a nic in time ... kj bannan r schenk pc magazine april    
software evolution : past present and future k bennett information and software technology    
architecture for distributed multimedia database systems . pb berra cyr chen a ghafoor cc lin tdc little   
optimizing the proseeutive function in the district of columbia je jacoby proc . acm urban symposium    
learning about world cultures through folktales . cj fuhler pj farris l hatch  social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
patterns of injury in pediatric patients in one florida community and implications for prevention journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 v martin b langley s coffman   
a list of the marine mammals of the world 1977.0 dw rice   
mining association rules with non-uniform privacy concerns y xia y yang y chi   
hierarchical performance analysis models for data base systems i miyamoto vldb   1975.0 
typed compilation of recursive datatypes jc vanderwaart d dreyer l petersen k crary r   
deformation structures in zone-melted molybâ denum a lawley hl gaigher phil . mag    
rethinking reengineering r cafasso  computerworld  
generic database cost models for hierarchical memory systems s manegold pa boncz ml kersten vldb 2002.0 
discovery ofmultiple-level association rules fromlarge databases proc . of the 21st int &#39; l conferenceon very large databases & hellip ; j han y fu   
market structure and competitive behavior in the dairy industry : the present state of knowledge . jr moore  1959.0 
algebraic support for complex objects with arrays identity and inheritance proc acm sigmod denver may sl vandenburg dj dewitt   
functional and predictive programming in oodb 's c beeri t milo proceedings of the eleventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1992.0    
from welfare to work among lone parents in britain : lessons for america 1996.0 ja riccio   
effects of enrollment admissions remediation and tuition policies on quality . new directions for higher education b albright  1984.0 
what happens during a join dissecting cpu and memory optimization effects . in the 26th & hellip ; s manegold pa boncz ml kersten   
requirements definitions and notations for spatiotemporal application environments d pfoser n tryfona    
integrating association rule mining algorithms with relational database systems j hipp u grimmer    
analyzing massive data streams : past present and future m garofalakis proceedings of the 8th acm sigmod workshop on research & hellip ;   2003.0 
bone formation in vitro by stromal cells obtained from bone marrow of young adult rats c maniatopoulos j sodek ah melcher 1988.0  cell and tissue research  
query processing and optimization for olap-xml federations d pedersen k riis tb pedersen submitted for publication  
transnational structures and protest : linking theories and assessing evidence gm maney  mobilization-san diego - 2001.0 
teaching project management through an information technology-based method k hingoranl cs sankar sw kramer 1998.0  project management journal  
investigations on butterfly fe/s cluster s-centered anions ( mu-s - ) 2fe2 ( co ) 6 ( mu-s - ) ( mu-rs ) fe2 ( lc song 2005.0  acc chem res  
some host/parasite relationships between norway spruce ( picea abies ) and fomes annosus l dimitri see ref  
efficient garbage collection for large object-oriented databases bh liskov  1996.0 
origins ofthe word â ?? nerd.â ?? pc magazine jc dvorak   
solutions for three regression problems commonly found in meteorological data analysis proceedings of the 23rd conference on agricultural forest & hellip ; dw meek jh prueger   
peer mentoring among graduate students of color : expanding the mentoring relationship new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 j bonilla c pickron t tatum   
maternal antigen avoidance during lactation for preventing atopic disease in infants of women at ms kramer cochrane database syst rev 2000.0    
can formal methods always deliver ieee computer n fenton sl pfleeger   
les bioprovinces de la paratã © thys et leurs relations f marinescu paleontologia i evoluciã ³  
reconnaissance of the ground-water resources of the ellwood-gaviota area ga miller jr rapp santa barbara county california    
interval constraint logic programming f benhamou 1995.0  lecture notes in computer science  
education for adult development : the components of qualitative change rp weathersby 1980.0  new directions for higher education  
product development in japan : evolution vs. revolution l young electronic business  
a data modeling tool where associations come alive bk ehlmann  proc . 21st iasted int &#39; l conf . modelling identification and & hellip ;  
thresholding estimators for inverse problems and deconvolutions j kalifa sg mallat  unpublished manuscript  
efficient computation of basis vectors of the address sequence lattice submitted for publication j ramanujam   
beyond pm 101 : lessons for managing large development programs 2000.0 ak graham project management journal  
defunctionalization at work o danvy lr nielsen proceedings of the 3rd acm sigplan international conference & hellip ; 2001.0 
a new hazard of cornstarch an absorbable dusting powder cm ruhl jh urbancic pa foresman mj cox gt  journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
lessons from wall street : case studies in database tuning configuration and replication d shasha proc . 1997 acm sigmod  
microscopic vision phil . mag gj stoney   
the fable begins to break down j gindin 1967.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature  
a secure address resolution protocol 2003.0 mg gouda ct huang computer networks  
no task left behind ? examining the nature of fragmented work proceedings of acm chi 2005.0 g mark vm gonzalez j harris   
biodiversity politics and the contest for ownership of the worldâ ?? s biota s sanderson kh redford see kramer    
london : columbia university press/wallflower press 2002 . xviii 285p . appendices . notes . bibliog . n york   
on-board engine life usage monitoring by real time computation m koehl   
an opttmrtcng prolog frontend to a relatconal query system proceedings of the 1984 acmsigmod international conference & hellip ; m jarke j clifford y vasslhou   
control of insulin secretion by catecholamines stress and the sympathetic nervous system d porte rp robertson federation proceedings 1973.0    
a performance evaluation of pointerbased joins es sc901 mj carey proc . of the acm sigmod intl. ccmf :    
cyclers : an analysis of the welfare caseload c miller s leavers 2002.0    
galaxy-ii : a reference architecture for conversational system development s seneff e hurley    
list of acronymns atm apon  bt technology journal 2000.0 
the lsd tree : spatial access to multidimensional point-and non-point-objects 15th int a henrich hw six p widmayer conf . on very large data bases  
exact description of reachable sets and global optimality conditions avtomatika i telemekhanika mm khrustalev   
f. kaashoek h. balakrishnan . chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service for internet i stoica r morris d karger proceedings of acm sigcomm 2001    
measurements of the low wavenumber wall pressure spectral density during transition on a flat plate cj gedney p leehey   1984.0 
c harles e. youman . role-based access control models rs sandhu ej coyne hl feinstein ieee computer    
cautious controller tuning rr bitmead bdo anderson m gevers lc kammer submitted for publication  
an information theoretic approach for shared bottleneck inference based on end-to-end measurements . d katabi i bazzi x yang   1999.0 
beneficial reuse of foundry sand in controlled low strength materials ( clsm ) j spoerl t green  final report demonstration  
internet congestion control for future high bandwidth-delay product environments m hardley d katabi c rohr  proceedings of acm  
issues in implementing a randomized experiment in a field setting ja devine jd wright lm joyner new directions for program evaluation  
growth rates and genetic parameters of loblolly pine in southern brazil proceedings of the 25 thbiennial southern forest tree & hellip ; gr hodge d chaves am moreira   
do firms use dividends to signal large future cash flow increases ? y brook wt charlton rj hendershott 1998.0  financial management  
structured systems analysis and design method ( ssadm ) . cm ashworth information and software technology   1988.0 
strategic choices in is infrastructure : corporate standards versus `` best of breed '' systems r dewan a seidmann s sundaresan   
higher-order magneto-electric effects phil . mag e ascher   
the formula value problem is in alogtime sr buss proc . 19th acm stoc    
â ?? the computer revolutionâ ?? â ?? computer scienceâ ?? and â ?? software engineeringâ ?? have n't a kay proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0    
formation ã ... xml mj young j guã © rin 2000.0    
the surface impedance-a pertinent parameter to describe finite conductivity materials in numerical 1991.0 v gobin jp aparicio j grando jc alliot & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatibility zurich switzerland mar. & hellip ;  
teaching about native americans . social studies and the young learner k harvey  1992.0 
using directional antennas for medium access control in ad hoc networks rr choudhury x yang r ramanathan nh vaidya    
denial-of-service resilience in peer-to-peer file sharing systems d dumitriu e knightly a kuzmanovic i stoica w   
parallel mining algorithms for generalized association rules with classification t shintani m kitsuregawa proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
models of attention in computing and communication : from principles to applications e horvitz c kadie t paek d hovel communications-acm 2003.0 
goâ `` sele u. and mughrabi h. 1981 u essmann  phil .  
de paramilitares y otras hierbas e pizarro unpublished manuscript  
support seeking and support giving within couples in an anxiety-provoking situation : the role of ja simpson ws rholes js nelligan  journal of personality and social psychology  
on the number of solutions for p-laplacian bvp with odd superlinearity i addou   
the mm/sub-mm foregrounds and future cmb space missions 1995.0 fr bouchet r gispert jl puget aip conference proceedings  
studies of portland cement hydration by measurements of chemical shrinkage and a systematic technical university of m geiker   
the implementation of germ an entity-relationship data base management system rl benneworth cd bishop cjm turnbull wd holman vldb 1981.0 
the merge/purge problem for large databases ma hernndez sj stolfo proceedings of sigmod-95    
thyrotoxic periodic paralysis and intravenous propranolol in the emergency setting rh birkhahn tj gaeta l melniker 2000.0  journal of emergency medicine  
dynamic load balancing for parallel association rule mining on heterogeneous pc cluster system proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ; m kitsuregawa t tamura   
of xml and databases : where 's the beef ? 2000.0 m carey sigmod record  
0 . ) and smith bl 1960 go jones phil . mag    
an ethernet performance simulator for undergraduate networking 1993.0 b lewis barnett iii acm sigcse bulletin  
extensible database management systems mj carey lm haas sigmod record   1990.0 
an approach to knowledge generation by research and its utilisation in practice-situating doctoral v popovic   
high-spin states in cd-109 ( abstract only ) oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; s juutinen p ahonen j hattula r julin j  1991.0 
eth d mathematik  ch-8092 zurich switzerland e-mail address : embrechts @ math .  
enforceable social laws g boella l van der torre   
biology data book 2nd ed . vol . iii . federation of american societies for experimental biology pl altman ds dittmer  md  
consulententeams voor mensen met een verstandelijke handicap en ernstig probleemgedrag gja kramer mcj barnhard j schouten   1997.0 
using multiversion data for non-interfering executionof write-only transactions d agrawal v krishnamurthy  proceedingof the acm sigmod  
diffraction and transmission of a detonation into a bounding explosive layer jc liu jj liou m sichel cw kauffman ja  proc of the 21st int symp on combustion the combustion & hellip ;  
wheels on the web . pc magazin pc magazine ( march 21 )  
schachner m singer w ( 1996 ) : n-cam 180 in the postnatal development of cat visual cortex : an jam delius i kramer    
performance evaluation of three active vision systems built at the nrc ja beraldin sf el-hakim f blais proceedings of the conference on optical 3-d measurement    
adaptive best-effort delivery of digital audio and video across packet-switched networks k jeffay dl stone t talley fd smith  lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
egos infighting and politics : standards process bogged down s kolodziej   
compiled-directed data prefetching in multiprocessors with memory hierarchy procs . of 17th isca eh gornish ed granston av veidenbaum   
pseudo-distributive laws and axiomatics for variable binding j power m tanaka submitted for publication.    
the challenges in building a carrier-scale ip network 2000.0 pj willis bt technology journal  
no. 101â ?? 116 at 9 ( 1989 ) s rep    
urban and rural classification . usc bureau    
genomic survey of two-component regulatory systems putatively involved in peptide pheromone mediated j nakayama adl akkermans wm de vos  2002.0 
a volumetric methad for building complex models from range imgaes b curless m levoy proceedings acm    
power-conscious design of wireless circuits and systems aa abidi gj pottie wj kaiser proceedings-ieee 2000.0    
infrared antennas coupled to lithographic fresnel zone plate lenses fj gonzã ¡ lez j alda b ilic gd boreman   
management of blood transfusion services 1990 sf hollã ¡ n w wagstaff j leikola f lothe   
evaluation des tempã © ratures neutroniques dans les zones de rã © action d'oklo par lâ ?? ã © tude des p holliger c devillers g retali proceedings le phã © nomã ¨ ne d &#39; oklo : vienna international & hellip ;    
performance evaluation of an adaptive and robust load control method for the avoidance of data - g weikum   
protocol analysis using numerical petri nets lecture notes in computer science 1985.0 gr wheeler mc wilbur-ham j billington ja   
1991 . segment indexes : dynamic indexing techniques for multi-dimensional interval data c kolovson m stonebraker proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of    
predicting sales rates for thousands of retail traders d. tsaptsinos : proceedings of the international conference & hellip ; t ragg w menzel w baum m wigbers   
restructuring redesign rationing and nurses ' morale : a qualitative study on the impact of j shindul-rothschild journal of emergency nursing 1994.0    
on the use of optimistic methods for concurrency control in distributed system proc . 6th int . conf . on distributed data management and & hellip ; s ceri s owicki   
ph : a parallel haskell la arvind j hicks rs nikhil j stoy w williams   
a presidentâ ?? s view of the 1990â ?? s k mortimer s edwards new directions for higher education   1990.0 
index interpolation : an approach to subsequence matching supporting normalization transform in time - wk loh sw kim   
highly-available distributed services and fault-tolerant distributed garbage collection . programming 1986.0 b liskov r ladin   
an introduction to system reliability analysis 1993.0 rn shaw ide videlo bt technology journal  
lower-bounding of dynamic time warping distances for multivariate time series tmrr manmatha technical report mm-40 university of massachusetts amherst  
the bendix/bell mls signal-in-space ( microwave landing system with air-derived sample data and rj kelly national aerospace meeting washington d. c proceedings 1973.0    
chamberlin.â ?? query by hummingâ ?? l ghias proceedings of acm multimedia  
predicting participation and production outcomes through a two-dimensional model of organizational 1992.0 rc mayer fd schoorman the academy of management journal  
converting prototypes to operational systems : evidence from preliminary industrial survey mp martin jm carey information and software technology 1991.0    
processing olap queries in hierarchically clustered databases 2003.0 d theodoratos a tsois data & knowledge engineering  
qualitative plus/versus quantitative : the last word ml smith  new directions for program evaluation  
core affect prototypical emotional episodes and other things called emotion : dissecting the 1999.0 ja russell l feldman barrett journal of personality and social psychology  
optimized smooth handoffs in mobile ip ce perkins ky wang proceedings of iscc   1999.0 
graph partitioning and parallel solvers : has the emperor no clothes ? b hendrickson 1998.0  lecture notes in computer science  
the best policy is missing deadlines-sometimes pj meilir computerworld  
9800-j patuxent woods drive columbia ab components   
a pathogenesis of chronic subdural hematoma ; itâ ?? s relationship to subdural membrane t shimoji no to . shinkei geka   1992.0 
microsoft word version 6.0 ms word microsoft corporation  
a review of the technologies for mapping within-field variability rj godwin pch miller   
optimal and adaptive testing for software reliability assessment ky cai yc li k liu information and software technology   2004.0 
psychoanalytic studies ofthe personality wrd fairbairn i vistock    
action potential transfer at the purkinje-ventricular junction : role of transitional cells ao verkerk mw veldkamp acg van ginneken r   
automated discovery of scoped memory regions for real-time java m deters r cytron   
pc come home . pc magazine december w flanagan   
organization and management of the evaluation function in a multilevel organization 1981.0 ma abramson js wholey new directions for program evaluation  
, b. and widmayer p. 1997 . a generic approach to bulk loading multidimensional index structures v den bercken proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very  
controllership the work of the managerial accountant 1995.0 jd willson jm roehl-anderson sm bragg   
temperature field in the coolant at the entrance into a vvã?r -440 core sa tsymbalov av kraiko at .  
cyberinfrastructure for r links b informatics b informatics   
transforming e-knowledge a revolution in the sharing of knowledge ( 2003 ) d norris j mason p lefrere    
modular program construction using abstractions computation structures group memo 184 b liskov  1979.0 
a survey of logical models for olap databases p vassiliadis tk sellis sigmod record 1999.0    
performance analysis of finitebuffered multistage interconnection networks c evequoz tech . report ecole polytechnique de montreal canada june 1994  
sprechspiele fã 1/4 r deutsch als fremdsprache hueber ismaning 1993 l prange    
experimental study on carrying shear force ratio of 12-storey coupled shear wall [ a ] procs . of 12th wceeauckland new zealand s kenichi t masaomi k makoto m yoshiyuki   
andez . schema mapping as query discovery r miller l haas m hern proc . of vldb    
performance analysis of the two-dimensional polynomial phase difference operator algorithm jm francos b friedlander submitted for    
seeking outside help to facilitate renewal efforts . 1985.0 r hahn new directions for higher education  
precision tillage : in-field real-time control of seedbed quality procs . of aj scarlett jc lowe da semple   
challenges for spoken dialog systems spoken language systems group jr glass 1999.0    
falling forward : real options reasoning and entrepreneurial failure the academy of management review rg mcgrath  1999.0 
community education for older adults . b courtenay new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0    
pen computing : a technology overview and a vision 1995.0 a meyer acm sigchi bulletin  
relationship of rickettsial physiology and composition to the rickettsia-host cell interaction fe austin hh winkler  see ref  
differential roles of gata-1 and gata-2 in growth and differentiation of mast cells h harigae s takahashi n suwabe h ohtsu l gu z genes to cells 1998.0 
rethinking risk financing s re 1996.0    
ethanol-induced alterations in electroencephalographic activity in adult males neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 hl cohen b porjesz h begleiter   
contemporary deontology n davis a companion to ethics  
numerical integration of bem singular integrals g criscuolo    
wavelet analysis : the scalable structure of information hl resnikoff hl resnikoff ro wells ro wells   1998.0 
lessons learned about mentoring new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 r boice   
u > choice of cobol for braille translation < / u > jk millen technical report mtr-1743 mitre corporation bedford    
a service classification of american cities hj nelson economic geography 1955.0 
image clustering with tensor representation proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 x he d cai h liu j han   
an analysis of some graph theoretical cluster techniques jg auguston j minker j. acm  
une procedure dâ ?? apprentissage pour reseau a seauil assymetrique ( a learning procedure for y lecun  proceedings of cognitiva  
on the achievable rates of ultra-wideband ppm with non-coherent detection in multipath environments y souilmi r knopp    
knowledge management at the mitre corporation mt maybury   
technology consortia and the relationship revolution in education 1999.0 gc godbey gj richter new directions for higher education  
analysis of databases at the logical level : the dba compagnon project f de marchi s lopes jm petit f toumani  sigmod record  
mapping the terrain of church-related colleges and universities . 1992.0 ds guthrie new directions for higher education  
nissan in the north-east : the multiplier effectsâ ? geography f peck   
tcp-aware packet marking in networks with diffserv support m mellia i stoica h zhang computer networks 2003.0 
subclinical mastitis in denmark 1991â ?? 1994 a huda proceedings of the 23rd international dairy federation & hellip ;    
automatic induction of rules for classification & hellip ; of the workshop on machine learning for user modelling & hellip ; j kay e mccreath   
highlights of material research for optoelectronics in the eighties trends and challenges for the 1991.0 m razeghi oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;  
detoxification of benzoxazolin-2 ( 3h ) - one in higher plants proc . int . allelopathy soc i wieland a friebe m kluge d sicker m schulz   
charge-based proportional scheduling . technical memorandum u maheshwari  mit/lcs/tm { 529 laboratory for computer science massachusetts  
keynote address : language design as design 1996.0 fp brooks history of programming languages -- ii table of contents  
recovery of yellow-poplar ( liriodendron tulipifera ) embryogenic material following cryopreservation pm montello sa merkle proceedings of the 23rd southern forest tree improvement & hellip ;    
within-slide normalization using localized print-tip characteristics for cdna microarray data j berger s hautaniemi s mitra j astola 2003.0    
what the future holds 1999.0 gh gaither new directions for higher education  
1991 new directions for uncertainty reasoning in deductive databases u guntzer w kiesling h thone  proc . 1991 acm  
an enzyme histochemical study of isoproterenol-induced myocardial necroses in rats a meijer h hettwer ag ciplea the histochemical journal   1988.0 
chord : a scalable p2p lookup service for internet applications i stoica r morris d karger mf kaashoek h proc . of acm sigcomm    
dittrich j. kramer t. schafer m. schneider and b. seeger . xxl-a library approach to supporting 27th international conference on very large data j van den bercken bb jp   
bayan : an arabic text database management system r king a morfeq 1990.0  proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
where to start a geometric walk l lovasz s vempala  microsoft technical  
housework as work j miller 1983.0    
the skill drill computerworld l wilson   
design and implementation of a biodiversity information management system bj srikanta j haritsa    
comparison of view-based object recognition algorithms using realistic 3d models lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 v blanz b schoelkopf h buelthoff c burges v   
institutional approaches in economic geography r martin 2000.0  companion to economic geography  
auditors mount campaign for dp abuse laws . computerworld. gf mclean b johnson  1982.0 
obstruction-free synchronization : double-ended queues as an example v luchangco m moir n shavit proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;  
b. kriegel . h.-p. : â ?? techniques for design and jmplementatiut of bfiicient spatial access methods sk seeger proc . is * int . conf . on vldb    
mapping extended entity relationship model to object modeling technique j fong 1995.0  sigmod record  
sgml : itâ ?? s still a la carte . '' j karney  pc magazine  
beyond aop : toward naturalistic programming cv lopes p dourish dh lorenz k lieberherr   
handhelds go to school d tatar j roschelle p vahey wr penuel  ieee computer  
angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors in normotensive diabetic patients with microalbuminuria hg lovell cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
intravenous immunoglobulins for multiple sclerosis cochrane database syst rev o gray gv mcdonnell rb forbes  2003.0 
on the search for a molecular mechanism of cytoplasmic inheritance : past controversy present see . ref ks chiang   
on the use of bayesian belief networks for the prediction of software productivity i stamelos l angelis p dimou e sakellaris 2003.0  information & software technology  
financial work incentives for low-wage workers : encouraging work reducing poverty and benefiting c michalopoulos   
transplantation of livers from non-heart-beating donors is possible by core cooling technique transplant proc 1989.0 t hoshino i koyama n nagashima m kadokura m   
entity-relationship approach to the conceptual schema design 1980.0 h sakai proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
public displays of connection 2004.0 j donath d boyd bt technology journal  
algorithms for loading object databases jl wiener   1995.0 
using children 's literature to teach about the american revolution . jj drake fd drake 1990.0  social studies and the young learner  
the doom phenomenon pc magazine nj rubenking   
techniques for design and implementation of efficient spatial access methods b seeger hp kriegel vldb   1988.0 
personalize or perish af lã 1/4 di   
the development of tas : preparing for the future while enhancing the present . new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 md svinicki   
addison-wesley 1994 s bellovin   
sputnik [ cd-rom ] microsoftâ ® encarta jn tatarewicz   
algebraic description of relative a ne structure : connections to euclidean ane and projective technical report 270 media laboratory massachusetts institute n navab a shashua   
on selfish routing in internet-like environments l qiu yr yang y zhang s shenker   
beam commissioning of the j-parc linac medium-energy beam-transport at kekâ ?? ii s wang s fu t kato m ikegami s anami s arai    
prejudice expectations moderate preconscious attention to social identity threatening cues 2004.0 cr kaiser sb vick b major   
the lbfs structure and recognition of interval graphs dg corneil s olariu l stewart  submitted for publication  
the pc student as a teacher pc magazine j varven   
geographic applications development : models and tools for the abstract level '' n tryfona t hadzilacos proc . of    
basic technology hl caswellâ ? ¦ ieee    
the r * tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles [ c ] n beckmen  proc of acm sig  
andg . heidorn ( 1985 ) . extracting semantichierarchies fromalarge on-line dictionary m chodorow r byrd  proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association  
up and down mini-bucket : a scheme for approximating combinatorial optimization tasks j larrosa k kask r dechter  2001.0 
theoretical studies ofproton transfers s schemer acc . chem . res  
the dynamics of belief in the transferable belief model f klawonn p smets procs . of the 8th conf . on uncertainty in ai . morgan & hellip ;    
the internationalisation of us and uk real estate service providers : competing for a global badge of g keogh s roulac    
translating aggregate queries into iterative programs n goodman 1986.0  vldb  
myosin ii activation promotes neurite retraction during the action of rho and rho-kinase 1998.0 m amano k chihara n nakamura y fukata t yano genes to cells  
pc database systems-present and future pa bernstein proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
gametophytic apomixis ga nogler  embryology of angiosperms 1984.0 
democratizing action research at work : a scandinavian model . m elden r gjersvik 1994.0  new directions for adult and continuing education  
an age-associated decrease in the frequency of c4b ^ * q0 indicates that null alleles of complement annals-new york academy of sciences 2003.0 gj arason j kramer   
black studies in california higher education 1965-1980 kk miller  1986.0 
teacher training [ cd-rom ] microsoftâ ® encarta ww brickman   
collective action by women in community-based program planning sm scott m schmitt-boshnick new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0    
parallel programmingwith polaris w blume r doallo r eigenmann j grout j ieee computer  
flow characteristics of gas and fine particles in a two-dimensional space of packed bed h yamaoka tetsu-to-haganã ©  
what works in welfare reform : evidence and lessons to guide tanf reauthorization . gl berlin 2002.0    
use of a concluding process to assist grieving families . m williams journal of emergency nursing 1984.0 
studies on a parallel ant system for the bsp model unpublished f kruger d merkle m middendorf   
ã cents â ? ¬ the entity-relationship model towards a united view of dataã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents p chen  acm trans . database  
active objects : realities and possibilities acm press frontier series ca ellis sj gibbs  1989.0 
microsoft site server ( commerce ed . ) : talk-slides available at the conference b ojjeh  proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1999.0 
interactive narrative : stepping into our own stories m flanagan f arble c clanton h marks j murray proceedings of acm  
retention of internal aqueous contents during fusion of semliki forest virus with liposomes submitted for g li p schoen jm smit lc bijl j corver k lin   
inhibition of nodal signalling by lefty mediated through interaction with common receptors and r sakuma y ohnishi c meno h fujii h juan j genes to cells 2002.0    
regulations 1990 p groups   
bspatial join selectivity using power laws c faloutsos b seeger a traina c traina  proc . of acm-sigmod conference on the management of  
preliminary report on phase one of the selection project for the hilton hotel b hesketh e allworth g considine  unpublished manuscript  
resource sharing and the network approach . w shaw new directions for higher education 1982.0 
vision based object tracking using ls-n-ips p torma c szepesvari 2000.0    
a stochastic optimization model to improve production planning and r & d resource allocation in rl schmidt management science   1996.0 
watchman : a data warehouse intelligent cache manager p scheuermann j shim r vingralek proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0    
web site globalization j disabatino computerworld  
social capital community coalitions and the role of institutions . sr smith unpublished manuscript    
two-dimensional high-lift aerodynamic optimization using neural networks rm greenman   
the grounds and extent of legal responsibility rw wright    
incremental evaluation of rules and its relationship to parallelism o wolfson hm dewan sj stolfo y yemini    
urban water reuse in australia r williams & hellip ; of case studies and demonstration projects in : american & hellip ;  
role-based access control model ieee computer r sandhu e coyne hl feinstein c youman   
two approaches to implementing generic data structures in modula-2 1985.0 rs wiener rf sincovec acm sigplan notices  
analysis of existing test suites d estival k falkedal l balkan e dauphin s   
25443 usa 1990 wv shepherdstown   
in vitro culture in forage grass improvement proc 28th grass breeders work planning conf ( in press ) bv conger dj gray   
an application of cluster analysis to health services research : empirically defined health states c sugar l lenert r olshen 1999.0    
teletext for public information : laboratory and field studies new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 m elton j carey   
forest offences and impediment to forest resources conservation in akwa-ibom state proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the forestry & hellip ; es udo   
the northwest federation of community organizations â ?? np center  northwest job gap study â ?? seattle washington january  
community participationa new frontier in land management . keynote paper a campbell international conference on sustainable land management    
managing memory to meet multiclass workload response time goals kp brown mj carey m livny 1993.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
quantitative assessment of druginduced change in ohc lateral wall mechanics n morimoto a nygren we brownell  see ref  
the future of the ieee 1394 for instrumentation systems f tim   2000.0 
partition selection policies in object oriented database garbage collection je cook al wolf bg zorn   1994.0 
a one dimensional imaging x-ray spectrograph based on a toroidally bent crystal m dirksmã ¶ llerâ ? ¦ 1998.0    
basic physical mechanisms determining performance of the ch3f laser dt hodges jr tucker ts hartwick 1976.0  & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ;  
permeability response to tumor necrosis factor alpha in brain microvessel endothelial cells involves wj trickler wg mayhan dw miller    
development of an oil-free vacuum deposition unit rj patel sg dewan cp gopalaraman 1975.0  bhabha atomic research centre bombay india . 1975 19  
geominer : a system prototype for spatial data mining 1997.0 j han k koperski n stefanovic sigmod conference  
setting two variables at a time yields a new lower bound for random 3-sat d achioptas proc . 32nd acm stoc    
an improvement over : '' an improvement over deeply nested if-then-else control structure a lakhotia 1983.0  acm sigplan notices  
developing scholarly teaching and the scholarship of teaching and learning through faculty learning new directions for teaching and learning l richlin md cox  2004.0 
educating street and homeless children in south africa : challenges of policy implementation & hellip ; issue international journal of educational policy research & hellip ; m nkomo oa olufemi   
setting economic leakage targets c report    
discovery of multiple-level association rules from large databases in proc . 1995 vldb zurich switzerland sept j han y fu   
trabecular remodeling processes in the ovariectomized rat : modified node-strut analysis - t abe k sato n miyakoshi t kudo y tamura t bone-new york -   1999.0 
publicaciã ³ n cientãfica y tã © cnica no. 587 a chile isbn  
magtc sets and other strange ways to implement logtc programs f bancjlhon ys d maier jd ullman proc 5th acm sigact-sigmod symp on prmcrples of database    
a technique for translating states between database schemata t imieliå?ski proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
real-time databases acm sigmod record s son   
principles for modeling language design rf paige js ostroff pj brooke    
effects of pregnancy on the extrinsic innervation of the guinea pig uterus . a histochemical p alm lm lundberg j wharton jm polak 1988.0  the histochemical journal  
field and large scale model tests of wave impact pressure propagation into cracks g wolters g mã 1/4 ller g bullock c obhrai h   
many body physics ( plenum ny 1990 ) gd mahan    
a logic-programming/object-oriented cocktail a ct sigmod record 1986.0    
bats : the blind audio tactile mapping system p parente g bishop    
spatial reuse in multihop packet radio networks l kleinrock j silvester 1987.0  ieee proceedings  
rock work g haugen   1978.0 
the productivity payoff : the 100 most effective users of information technology p gillin computerworld  
frustrated networking pros say efforts not appreciated b wallace computerworld  
the reach active oodbms 1995 technical university ap buchmann a deutsch j zimmermann   
an interferometric technique for measuring binary diffusion coefficients . ak grob  1967.0 
let 's search for songs by humming n kosugi y nishihara s kon ` ya m yamamuro k proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   1999.0 
fish microsporidia rw shaw ml kent  see ref  
genetic and environmental architecture of human aggression journal of personality and social psychology dr miles g carey  1997.0 
s-plus 2000 professional edition for windows release 1 i mathsoft   1999.0 
differential equations over polynomially bounded o-minimal structures proceedings-american mathematical jm lion c miller p speissegger   
factors of influence on the life cycle of spark gap based lightning current arresters r brocke p hasse p zahlmann  proc . of the 26th int . conf . on lightning protection  
south dob index ( 1990 's from acpl e-resources ) '' c csra    
software engineering for parallel systems 1994.0 i jelly i gorton   
developing culture curriculum for native american children : the rough rock experience . g johnson  1981.0 
the validation of a two-dimensional transient catalyst model for direct injection two-stroke proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 g mccullough r douglas g cunningham l foley   
fingerprint please a poor pc magazine . july  
positive illusions about the self : short-term benefits and long-term costs 2001.0 rw robins js beer journal of personality and social psychology  
vaginal evisceration1 1999.0 pc ferrera lg thibodeau journal of emergency medicine  
a and street ra 1975 phil . nf mott e davis   
of xml and databases : whereâ ?? s the beef acm sigmod conference p discussion mj carey   
community economic development through community colleges jw young new directions for higher education   1997.0 
web 100 : extended tcp instrumentation for research education and diagnosis m mathis j heffner r reddy   
paolini ( 1996 ) . information reuse in hypermedia applications m garzotto  proceedings of acm  
deriving requirements from process models via the problem frames approach k cox k phalp sj bleistein j verner  information and software technology  
principles of transaction processing pa bernstein    
the reach active oodbms . acms anthology p edition    
the case for a hybrid p2p search infrastructure bt loo r huebsch i stoica jm hellerstein    
keynote address proceedings 17th isba sheffield conference p burns   
probe interval graphs and its applications to physical mapping of dna unpublished p zhang   
geographic routing without location information proceedings of the 9th annual international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 a rao c papadimitriou s shenker i stoica   
the work of richard ewen borcherds p goddard   
biomass growth rates and limitation of equatorial pacific diatoms s blain a leynaert p trã © guer mj chrã © tiennot -  deep-sea research i 1997.0 
heterodimerization targets a homeodomain protein complex to the nucleus a spit r hyland ejc mellor la casselton  submitted for  
system rx : one part relational one part xml h piraheshâ ? ¦ proceedings of sigmod    
web server data connections j downey pc magazine    
on the implementation of a logical data base converter a shoshani k brandon   
7134 columbia gateway drive columbia i avnet    
the transportation revolution gr taylor new york : rinehart    
a generic framework for modeling resources with uml b selic    
definition of biodiversity ir swingland  see levin  
viable salmonid populations and the recovery of evolutionarily significant units-draft p mcelhany m rukelshaus mj ford t wainwright e seattle washington : national marine fisheries service    
list of acronyms bt technology journal adq application driven qos  2005.0 
converting java programs to use generic libraries a donovan   
research findings on the seven principles md sorcinelli new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
using replication to improve reliability in distributed information systems sh son information and software technology 1987.0    
using literature studies to promote elementary social studies learning . tm mcgowan social studies and the young learner   1992.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ the entity-relationship model : toward a unified view of dataã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents c pp acm trans . on database systems  
on embedding a microarchitectural design language within haskell . in the acm sigplan international j launchbury jr lewis b cook  acm press new  
object-relational database systems-principles products and challenges k kulkarni n mattos a nori  1997.0 
hands/knees posture in late pregnancy or labour for fetal malposition ( lateral or posterior ) 2002.0 gj hofmeyr r kulier cochrane database syst rev  
learning irreversibilities and climate cd kolstad   
qualitative modeling and similarity in back of the envelope reasoning pk paritosh kd forbus    
ma 02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 1995 c street   
optimistic parallelization of communicating sequential processes acm sigplan notices df bacon re strom  1991.0 
retrofits of reinforced concrete columns to enhance the blast resistance of existing buildings . proc. 29th dod explosive safety seminar dept. of defense & hellip ; kb morrill je crawford lj malvar   
journal writing in practice : from vision to reality 2001.0 lm english ma gillen new directions for adult and continuing education  
the diffusion of nickel in the bulk and along dislocations in nio single crystals phil . mag a atkinson ri taylor   
cable pcs b macaraeg pc    
flowers of crete 1985.0 y iatridis   
a synchronized discrete address beacon system ( for atc surveillance ) na blake  & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
communication-free parallelization via ane transformations aw lim ms lam    
multiversion integrated concurrecy control for hard real-time systems lc shu m young   
â ?? a condition that is not yetâ ?? : reactions reflections and closing comments ba quigley gw kuhne new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0    
fertigkeit hã ¶ ren fernstudieneinheit 5 langenscheidt mã 1/4 nchen 1994 b dahlhaus    
regionale bewirtschaftung von biomasse eine stoffliche und energetische beurteilung der nutzung von vdf hochschulverlag an der eth zurich switzerland d mã 1/4 ller d oehler p baccini   
the excess burden of lottery finance st kim jm marshall   
spiteful bidding in sealed-bid auctions f brandt t sandholm y shoham    
conquer : efficient management of inconsistent databases 2005.0 a fuxman e fazli rj miller proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
storms over europe : losses and scenarios 1993.0 a schraft e durand p hausmann   
on the feasibility of peer-to-peer web indexing and search j li bt loo jm hellerstein mf kaashoek dr lecture notes in computer science 2003.0    
photoemission in solids m cardona l leyâ ? ¦  1978.0 
the role of isdn in data networking chw everrett km blakey lnc morgan  bt technology journal 1998.0 
ife dry wall chamber physics issues si krasheninnikov   
aj herbertson and his work jf unstead  geography  
zero-one laws for binary random elds d coupier p doukhan b ycart    
seeking explanations in soar sr haynes   
2 . 135 day l & rechnitzer g ( 1999 ) evaluation of the tractor rollover protective structure rebate g regulation c uk    
scalable summary based retrieval in p2p networks w mã 1/4 ller m eisenhardt a henrich proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
a compress on techn que for large statist cal data-bases sj eggers f olken a shoshani  proc . of vldb  
keynote address . jr moore  j audiov media med 1978.0 
aspect-oriented requirements engineering for component-based software systems j grundy   
puget sound regional council seattle washington ( november ia work   
hipac : combining active databases and time constraints u dayal b blaustein a buchmann s chakravarthy acm sigmod record  
a component-based development framework for supporting functional and non-functional analysis in j fredriksson m tivoli i crnkovic  proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
extending the entity-relational model to capture spatial semantics t hadzilacos n tryfona sigmod record    
fast discrete signal transforms and monomial representations of finite groups s egner m pã 1/4 schel submitted for    
what is the role of stimulant laxatives in the management of childhood constipation and soiling kj price tm elliott  cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
numerical and experimental studies on adiabatic and nonadiabatic capillary tubes with hfc-134 a e dirik c inan my tanes proc int refrig conf 1994.0 
teacher education : one deanâ ?? s perspective and forecast on the state of technology and teacher prep electronic learning a glenn   
guiding principles for evaluators dl newman ma scheirer wr shadish c wye new directions for program evaluation    
photochemical and chemical studies on the chromophore of bacteriorhodopsin t schreckenbach d oesterhelt federation proceedings 1977.0 
homology studies on insect egg systems g krause see ref    
comprehensive colour image normalization gd finlayson b schiele jl crowley lecture notes in computer science 1998.0    
xxl-a library approach to supporting efficient implementations of advanced database queries proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; j van den bercken b blohsfeld jp dittrich j  2001.0 
a high-level hardware design methodology using c++ 4th high level design validation and test r roth d ramanathan san diego  
a profile of the regional bioscience industry sm day 2001.0    
endovascular repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms : where do we stand ? mh seelig wa oldenburg ag hakaim jw hallett a mayo clinic proceedings 1999.0 
from unsupervised learning to data mining : linking cognition and data analysis l talavera proceedings of jornades dâ ?? intelligencia artificial : noves & hellip ; 1997.0    
studies on the distribution of calcitonin gene-related peptide-like and substance p-like the histochemical journal s forsgren a bergh e carlsson le thornell  1992.0 
spatial data mining : progress and challenges survey paper k koperski j adhikary j han    
organizational social capital and employment practices the academy of management review 1999.0 cr leana hj van buren iii   
the power of partnering : vision commitment and action 1991.0 jg sujansky   
xxl-a library approach to supporting e cient implementations of advanced database queries j van den bercken b blohsfeld jp dittrich j proc . of the vldb seiten  
list of acronyms bbhp survey 2002.0  bt technology journal  
electro-klean electrokinetic soil processing i electrokinetics  site technology profile-demonstration program available at & hellip ;  
optimum commutation-current profile on torque linearization of switched reluctance motors proc . int . conf . electric machines ds schramm bw williams tc green   
unsupervised content discovery in composite audio proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; r cai l lu a hanjalic  2005.0 
655 main street moncton new brunswick mc hall    
a comparison of selectivity estimators for range queries on metric attributes 1999.0 b blohsfeld d korus b seeger sigmod conference  
linking the personal and the social for a more critical democratic adult education 2002.0 mv alfred new directions for adult and continuing education  
updates in a rule-based language for objects m kramer g saake    
current methods in cellular neurobiology de schmechel de marangos  i  
t. : '' a survey on logical models for olap databases ps vassiliadis  technical report dwq ntua greece  
apj d williams jf toland   1998.0 
nigeria supra note 1 . one us dollar is worth approximately 79 nigerian nairas ss africa   
parallel computer vision 1987.0 l uhr   
spinal deformation following multi-level thoracic and lumbar laminectomy in children . d bell j walker goâ ?? connor j orrel r submitted for publication  
faulkner 's one ring circus r pearce wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
acquisition of terminology knowledge using database design techniques proceedings acm sigmod conference austin usa cf eick pc lockemann   
applied microsoft . net framework programming in microsoft visual basic . net j richter f balena   2002.0 
data exchange : semantics and query answering lecture notes in computer science r fagin pg kolaitis rj miller l popa  2003.0 
public displays of connection . donath judith and danah boyd j dona bt technology journal  
ma 02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 2002 c street    
internet congestion control for future high bandwidth-delay product environments d katabi m handley c rohrs 2002.0  proceedings of acm sigcomm  
the pineal organ l vollrath  1981.0 
successful intubation with the combitube [ r ] in acute asthmatic respiratory distress by a parkmedic journal of emergency medicine d liao m shalit  1996.0 
the global forest products model : structure estimation and applications j buongiorno   
a primer for vacuum thermocouples h levinson best technology inc. seattle  
m. hern andez . schema mapping as query discovery r miller l haas proc vldb  
dakoã?a - english dictionary project : a minnesota collaborative effort c cavender c schommer multimedia demonstration given at the sixth annual & hellip ;    
new realities for financial aid . rj gibson new directions for higher education   1982.0 
in maia hls ( ed . ) peptides 1994 r dã ¶ lling m beyermann j haenel f kernchen e proceedings of the 23rd european peptide symposium escom & hellip ;  
present experiences in a series of 26 abo-incompatible living donor renal allografts gpj alexandre jp squifflet m de bruyere d transplant proc 1987.0    
modern times : the industrial revolution and the concept of time . fh doppen  social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
deleting completed transactions t hadzilacos m yannakakis proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0    
the ten immutable laws of security s culp    
infant day care : a cause for concern j belsky zero to three  
local network technology and the lessons of history jm mcquillan computer networks  
ground ash densities in minas geraisâ ?? brazil proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ; jh diniz am carvalho lcl cherchiglia wj souza   
data conversion from object-oriented to relational database and its verification by use of r pang   
jacquet r. & hirsh-pasek k. ( 1993 ) . lexical principles underlie verb learning rm golinkoff  unpublished  
soil erosion in the west midlands : an act of god or agricultural mismanagement i foster s harrison d clark geography   1997.0 
linear prediction of speech jd markel ah gray    
medisyn : a synthetic streaming media service workload generator w tang y fu l cherkasova a vahdat    
