classical topology and combinatorial group theory j stillwell   1995.0 
pain and leg ulceration associated with reduced abpi and atropie blanche d hofman proceedings of the 2 nd meeting on measurements in wound & hellip ;     1998.0 
recognita plus : ocr with strength in hardware pc magazine ( 10 )   b simon   
electrocardiographic manifestations : patterns that confound the ekg diagnosis of acute myocardial journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 wj brady   tc chan   m pollack   
characterizing the effects of clock jitter due to substrate noise in discrete-time 1 = 6 modulators p heydari proc . ieee/acm design automation conf    
when gulliver travels : social context   psychological closeness   and self-appraisals journal of personality and social psychology   jd brown   nj novick   ka lord   jm richards   
multimedia miner : a system prototype for multimedia data mining   j han   sh chee   jy chiang proceedings of acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0    
curves and surfaces in computer aided geometric design g farin   
ethical decision making in organizations : a person-situation interactionist model the academy of management review   lk trevino  1986.0 
application servers ( panel session ) : born-again tp monitors for the web c mohan   l cable   m devin   s dietzen   p helland   d proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2001.0    
controlled trial of internet based treatment for chronic back pain m buhrman   s fã $ ltenhag   l strã ¶ m   g andersson  unpublished manuscript    
a parallel scheme for test pattern generation a motohara   k nishimura   h fujiwara   i shirakawa proc . int . conf . computer-aided design    
extracting structured data from web pages a arasu   h garcia-molina    
the universal distribution and a free lunch for program induction j neil   j woodward unpublished    
mpegâ ?? 7 camera t ebrahimi   y abdeljaoued   rmf i ventura   od    
the formulation of molecular quantum mechanics with the aid of particle density operators and phase m schleicher & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;     1974.0 
merialdo & p. sindoni   g.â ?? the araneus web-base management systemâ ?? g mecca   p atzeni   a masci  acm sigmod international conference on management of  
the social delegation cycle g boella   l van der torre lnai n. 3065 : procs . ofâ ?? eonâ ?? 04    
pulsar-appropriate clock statistics proc . 28th annual precision time and time interval ( ptti ) & hellip ;   d matsakis   f josties   
a pattern of vortexflow of continental crust and the environ mental geology in china 1986.0 l zonghua   
a direct particle simulation method for hypersonic rarified ow technical report 411   stanford university   march jd mcdonald   
aexible multicast routing protocol for group communication s aggarwal   s paul   d massey   d caldararu  computer networks   2000.0 
compensatory conviction in the face of personal uncertainty : going to extremes and being oneself journal of personality and social psychology   i mcgregor   mp zanna   jg holmes   sj spencer  2001.0 
storage consideration in relation to source   capacity and peak demands   â ?? a paper presented at the dp proudfit  madison   wisconsin : university of wisconsin   march    
the distribution of electrons among atomic levels phil . mag   ec stoner   
oam : an office analysis methodology . office automation group memo oam-016 m sirbu   s schoichet   j kunin   m hammer   1981.0 
self-similarity in the web . 2 : 205â ?? 223 s dill   r kumar   ks mccurley   s rajagopalan   d  2002.0 
e-research : research on pay-per-use of broadband internet service bh lee  electronic times    
dynamical systems iii vi arnol 'd â ? ¦ 1988.0    
components and recognition of facial expression in the communication of emotion by actors p gosselin   g kirouac   fy dore journal of personality and social psychology     1995.0 
the total meridional heat flux and its oceanic and atmospheric partition c wunsch 2005.0  submitted for publication    
preliminary concepts for participant observer ratings of community support programs c macias   gb teague   1992.0 
clarans : a method for clustering objects for spatial data mining rt ng   
algorithm 63 : partition car hoare 1961.0  communications of the acm    
comparative monte carlo study of biased regression techniques ie frank technical report 105   department of statistics   stanford    
diagnosis for wiring interconnects wt cheng   jl lewandowski   e wu   
oral or topical nasal steroids for hearing loss associated with otitis media with effusion in cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 cc butler   jh van der voort   
caâ ?? s object database gets two-step release s craig computerworld    
simple : a methodology for programming high performance algorithms on clusters of symmetric da bader   j jã ¡ jã ¡ md    
technologyâ ?? s impact rj coley  electronic school    
the use of discrete observer theory to trim and stabilize periodic coefficient dynamic systems mh peters   pv bayly   da peters 1999.0  european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.    
the family of concurrent logic programming languages acm computing surveys ( csur )   e shapiro  1989.0 
eager : programming repetitive tasks by example a cypher proceedings of chi   1991.0    
diffraction pattern sampling for automatic pattern recognition gg lendaris   gl stanley proc . ieee   1970.0    
manolopoulosy ( 1994 ) fast subsequence matching in time-series databases c faloutsos   m ranganathan & hellip ; . acm international conference on management of data ( sigmod  
adaptive disk scheduling in a multimedia dbms k lund   v goebel   
determination of low levels of cadmium in blood by electrothermal atomization and atomic absorption at spectrosc   ht delves   j woodward   
modeling the global short-period wavefield with a monte carlo seismic phonon method pm shearer   ps earle 2004.0    
effective memory use in a media server ( extended version ) . stan-ford technical report sidl-ivp - e chang   h garcia-molina   1996.0 
environmental isotopes in hydrogeology 1997.0 id clark   p fritz crc   new york    
h. garc ia-molina   and andreas paepcke . starts stanford protocol proposal for internet retrieval and l gravano   k chang technical report   computer science department   stanford  
surgical interruption of pelvic nerve pathways for primary and secondary dysmenorrhoea cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 ml proctor   cm farquhar   oj sinclair   np johnson   
symbolic math software b simon pc magazine   august    
video transport over wireless channels : a cycle-based approach for rate control m hassan   l atzori   m krunz 2004.0  proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
monoallelic expresion of the odourant receptor gene and axonal projection of olfactory sensory t ishii   s serizawa   a kohda   h nakatani   t  genes to cells   2001.0 
fast subsequence matching in time-series c faloutsos   m fanganathan   y monolopoulos proceedings 1994 acm sigmod conference      
viper : augmenting automatic information extraction with visual perceptions k simon   g lausen proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
a new method to segment playfield and its applications in match analysis in sports video s jiang   q ye   w gao   t huang  proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
improving the tcpa specification b arbaugh   
eager aggregation and lazy aggregation py weipeng   l per-ake proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;    
ca 2-regulated photoproteins : structural insight into the bioluminescence mechanism es vysotski   j lee  acc . chem . res   2004.0 
numerical document queries h seidl   t schwentick   a muscholl   
an accurate and efficient gate level delay calculator for mos circuits 1988.0 fc chang   cf chen   p subramaniam design automation conference   1988 . proceedings.   25th acm / & hellip ;    
a role for b lymphocyte stimulator ( blys ) in sjã ¶ grenâ ?? s syndrome x mariette   s roux   je gottenberg   f desmoulins   j   
physically modelling the acoustics of a room using a digital waveguide mesh dt murphy   dm howard proceedings of the 25 theuromicro    
efficient code distribution in wireless sensor networks 2003.0 n reijers   k langendoen proceedings of the 2nd acm international conference on & hellip ;    
shape-based pedestrian detection and localization m bertozzi   a broggi   
b shapiro rm and millstein re   nsw reliability plan s mi    
towards a formal representation of device functionality jc bonnet    
conversational video over ip a auchterlonie bt technology journal   2004.0 
under pressure of publicity and the subsequent reactions from animal welfare   environmental and nrc handelsblad see    
test development for communication protocols : towards automation r dssouli   k saleh   e aboulhamid   a en-nouaary   c  computer networks   1999.0 
strategic change : the influence of managerial characteristics and organizational growth w boeker  the academy of management journal   1997.0 
otitis media in dairy calves   a preliminary case report gm dechant   ga donovan 28th ann . conv . proc . am . assoc. bov . pract      
preliminary research findings gb teague   c macias  1990.0 
evaluation of the effectiveness of pingers to reduce incidental entanglement of harbor porpoise in a jl laake   pj gearin   me gosho   rl delong  md    
groupware : letâ ?? s work together l lindop   t relph-knight   k taylor   a eager   g  pc magazine   august    
oz + : an object-oriented database system sp weiser   fh lochovsky  acm press frontier series   1989.0 
on the possibility of causal analysis of geophysical processes sm korotaev geomagnetizm i aeronomiia   1992.0 
energy saving and capacity improvement potential of power control in multi-hop wireless networks computer networks   2003.0 j monks   jp ebert   wmw hwu   a wolisz   
over half of the women on public assistance in washington reported physical and sexual abuse as p roper   g weeks seattle : washington state institute for public policy      
loop fusion for clustered vliw architectures y qian   s carr   p sweany   
motivated inference : self-serving generation and evaluation of causal theories z kunda journal of personality and social psychology    
t. : power browser : efficient web browsing for pdas o buyukokten   hg molina   aw paepcke  technical report   stanford university   stanford    
open channel flow fm henderson   
mining optimized association rules for numeric attributes j han   y fu vldb proceedings    
variations in the concentrations of pu-239   240 in children 's teeth removed for orthodontic purposes sc long   pi mitchell   tp ryan   nd priest proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the european & hellip ;    
comic d1 . 1 issues of supporting organisational context in cscw systems b liam   s kjel   1993.0 
adaptive rate control in high-speed networks : performance issues m abdelaziz   i stavrakakis computer networks   2001.0    
on the motion of electricity in wires g kirchhoff phil . mag      
a. past tense forms of the verb be in the dialect of cambridgeshire al ojanen unpublished  
angiotensin ii as a renal growth factor g wolf contributions to nephrology   2001.0    
the effective of gloss for the text database discovery problem hgoms luisgravano   a tomasic  proc . of the acm sigmod conference   acm sigmod record    
summary cache : a scalable wide-area web cache sharing protocol j almeida   a broder   p cao   l fan proc . of acm sigcomm      
an efficient clustering-based heuristic for data gathering and aggregation in sensor networks k dasgupta   k kalpakis   p namjoshi    
learning how to understand language r pieraccini   e levin   e vidal proc . eurospeech      
determination of bone density in dental implantology by automatic subtraction of digital free { hand t lehmann   w schmitt   
the multivariate least trimmed squares estimator j agullo   c croux   s van aelst submitted for    
identifying and extracting relations in text 1998.0 r byrd   y ravin proceedings of nldb    
structural studies on cytoskeletal proteins cmbl.org.pl    
neuroleptic malignant syndrome associated with olanzapine therapy : a case report 2000.0 sc stanfield   t privette journal of emergency medicine    
analyse und synthese nichtlinearer regelungssysteme mittels dierentialalgebra t wey   f svaricek  automatisierungstechnik-at    
technology alone no match for security risks computerworld   s van dijk   
disk shadowing j gray   
providing vcr capabilities in large-scale video servers jk dey-sircar   jd salehi   jf kurose   d towsley 1994.0  proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;    
generation and search of clustered files g salton   a wong 1978.0  acm transactions on database systems    
using content models to build audio-video summaries   poster presentation and poster paper proc . acm j saarela   b merialdo   
g 1962 integration of the primitive and balance equations proc . j charney   
studies of the three-dimensional structure of the planetary boundary layer h lettau  university of wisconsin    
theory of communication acm transactions on database systems   t fukuda   y morimoto   s morishita   t tokuyama   
cost evaluation of directory management schemes for distributed database systems y matsushita   h yamazaki   s hikita   i yoshida proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     1980.0 
an overview of vhdl language and theory m shahdad proceedings of the 23rd design automation    
on a dynamical illustration of the pressure of radiation el nicolai phil . mag      
exact strangeness conservation and particle production ( abstract only ) j cleymans   k redlich   e suhonen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;     1991.0 
e ~ laenens and d. vermeir   credulous vs. sceptical semantics for ordered logic programs d gabbay  proceedings of the seco ~ d irzternatiot ~ al confcrcl ~ ce on & hellip ;    
schneider : multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkhoff   hp kriegel  proc . acm-sigmod intl. conf . on management of data   & hellip ;    
data mining using two-dimensional optimized association rules : scheme   algorithms   and visualization t fukuda   y morimoto   s morishita   t tokuyama  1996.0 
information and communications technologies to facilitate concurrent engineering in construction cj anumba   g baron   a duke bt technology journal     1997.0 
observational models of graphite pencil and drawing paper for non-photorealistic rendering mc sousa   jw buchanan  submitted for  
income taxation with habit formation and consumption externalities j alonso-carrera   j caballã ©   x raurich 2003.0  unpublished manuscript    
nephrotic syndrome associated with inhaled allergens hj wittig   as goldman lancet i   1970.0    
environmental impact from npk-fertiliser versus anaerobic digestion residue or compost-a systems m dalemo   u sonesson   a bjã ¶ rklund    
the miquelian inversive plane ip ( q ) and the associative projective planes . . wf orr   1973.0 
cdd/cdd + reference manual 0.75 ethz   zurich   switzerland k fukuda   
grammars have exceptions   1998 v crescenzi   g mecca submitted for  
discovery of multiple-level association rules from large databases in proc . 1995 int j han   y fu conf . very large data bases   zurich   switzerland   sept    
fiorina charts hp 's new course pc m miller   
communication from boeing commercial airplane group aj anderson seattle      
environmental influences on film durability i vulic   jm zenner proc . of 29th nat . agric . plastics  
replicated data and partition failures acm press frontier series   sb davidson  1990.0 
query flocks : a generalization of association rules d tsur   s abbiteboul   c clifton   r motwani   s & hellip ; of acm sigmod conference on management of data ( sigmodâ ?? 98 & hellip ;    
dynamic iternset counting and impficalion rules for market basket data s brin   r motwani   jd ullman   s tsur  acm sigmod international conference on the management of & hellip ;    
tds-a preliminary design system for turbines sae paper 780999 rr wysong san diego      
halbleitertransporttheorie und monte-carlo-bauelementsimulation fm bufler   a schenk    
dynamic binding of service users and providers in an open services environment a wolisz   v tschammer computer networks    
tokuyamat ( 1996 ) mining optimized association rules for numeric attributes my fukudat   s morishita proc . 15th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles  
â ?? applications integration â ?? mj miller  pc  
personalism and corporatism in african armies ce welch see kelleher      
on canonical models for federated dbs f saltor   m castellanos   m garcia-solaco sigmod record ( acm special interest group on management of & hellip ;    
use of nucleic acid probes for diagnosis and epidemiology of phthorimaea operculella granulosis jl zeddam   h el-bolbol   n el-gueindy   x lery   g ivth meeting iobc   zurich   switzerland      
cyclic difference covers kt arasu   s sehgal   
a dbms for large design automation databases mn haynie    
ermitteln unauthorisierter verteiler von maschinenlesbaren daten g caronni   
developing services for open eprint archives : globalisation   integration and the impact of links s hitchcock   
acute pancreatitis secondary to ifosfamide r gerson   a serrano   a villalobos   gl sternbach   j journal of emergency medicine     1997.0 
application graphics modeling support through object orientation e parris   k william ieee computer    
system rx : one part relational   one part xml k beyer   rj cochrane   v josifovski   j kleewein   g 2005.0  proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
the use of border collies in avian and wildlife control programs nb carter   
metrics   outlier analysis and the software design process . information and software technology   1989.0 m shepperd   d ince   
non-overlapping domain decomposition and heterogeneous modeling used in solving free boundary b jiang 1999.0    
andj . meredith . thesequoia2000storagebenchmark m stonebraker   j frew   k gardels proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference    
introduction to the statistical analysis of categorical data eb andersen  2001.0 
mapping self-organized criticality to criticality d sornette   a johansen   i dornic j. phys . i    
mining the link structure of the www s chakrabarti   b dom   d gibson   j kleinberg   sr  ieee computer    
edith penrose   economics and strategic management nj foss    
a genetic approach for outlier detection in high-dimensional data-sets l boudjeloud   f poulet modeling   computation and optimization in information & hellip ;    
assessing emergency medicine resident communication skills using videotaped patient encounters : gaps s rosenzweig   tp brigham   rd snyder   g xu   aj journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
on the discovery of interesting patterns in association rules vldb   s ramaswamy   s mahajan   a silberschatz  1998.0 
new directions for theory and research on teaching : a review of the past twenty years 1999.0 m theall new directions for teaching and learning    
on the self-similarity of the logistic map zj grzywna   ls liebovitch   z siwy cellular and molecular biology letters   1997.0    
transport identification by neural network in jet itb regimes g tresset   cd challis   x garbet   x litaudon   m    
gold determination in ore and concentrated samples by flame atomic absorption spectrometry after a rivoldini   t haile at . spectrosc.   1989.0    
dysregulation of cyclin d1 by translocation into an igh gamma switch region in two multiple myeloma m chesi   pl bergsagel   la brents   cm smith   ds    
multichannel blind identification : from subspace to maximum likelihood methods proceedings-ieee   1998.0 l tong   s perreau   
dbcache : a project on database caching support for web applications c mohan   
directory-based cache management in multiprocessors h cheong   av veidenbaum ieee computer    
a preliminary study of macrofungus species richness in mature and old growth picea sitchensis/tsuga gr walker & hellip ; paper . university of washington   seattle   washington    
computing iceberg queries efficiently tech . report   stanford database group tech . report   november nsh garcia-molina   
the first commercial supercritical water oxidation sludge processing plant jw griffith   dh raymond waste management   2002.0 
ecological methodology : harper collins publishers cj krebs new york      
global coding interpretive manual : ucla clinic study ca mccarty   as lau   sm valeri unpublished manuscript      
results of high-harmonic fast wave experiments on nstx dw swain   jr wilson   pm ryan   ri pinsker   md    
atomic and ionic impact phenomena on metal surfaces 1965.0 m kaminsky   
the potential consequences of climate variability and change on coastal areas and marine resources . df boesch   d scavia   rw buddemeir   v burkett   dr md    
affect   generalization   and the perception of risk journal of personality and social psychology   ej johnson   a tversky   
a set-handling approach for the no-response test and related methods submitted for r potthast   
a. crespo : extracting semistructured information from the web j hammer   h garcia-molina   j cho   r aranha sigmod record      
the influence of sluice and water level fluctuation on landslides and rockfalls of the gorges 2003.0 z yuan   x tang tropical geography    
efficient processing of spatial joins using r-trees . in : peter buneman   sushil jajodia eds t brinkhoff   h kriegel   b seeger 1993.0    
graph structure in the web : experiments and models computer networks   r kumar   f maghoul   p raghavanâ ? ¦   
towards an algebraic semantics for the object paradigm ja goguen   r diaconescu lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
swampâ ?? optimising the use of slurry jj lenehan   j huijsmans   g provolo   t cumby   f   
discovering outlier filtering rules from unlabeled data : combining a supervised learner with an k yamanishi   j takeuchi  proceedings of the seventh acm sigkdd international & hellip ;   2001.0 
a background subtraction for a vision-based user interface dha woo  procs . ieee joint conf . on information   communications and  
clock routingforhighperformanceics   '' mab jackson   a srinivasan   es kuh proc . acm/ieee design automation conf    
holosteans and teleosts j meek   r nieuwenhuys 1998.0  the central nervous system of vertebrates    
tetrahedron lett y fu   tj miller   lgj hammarstrã ¶ m   ml mclaughlin    2000.0 
simvastatin decreases accelerated graft vessel disease after heart transplantation in an animal transplantation proceedings   bm meiser   k wenke   j thiery   s wolf  1993.0 
adaptive-level memory caches on world wide web servers [ j ] hrk da wei chang   rc chang  computer networks    
guest editorial jr gruser   l raschid   v zadorozhny  the vldb journal   2000.0 
an implementation technique for database query languages p buneman   re frankel   r nikhil acm transactions on database systems     1982.0 
reading for everyone : expanding literacy options . c miller   a rash    
open systems slowly gaining steam in factory t baer computerworld      
the effect of free electrons on lattice conduction phil . mag   jm ziman   
incremental clustering proc . 29th annual acm symposium on theory of computing   may   m charikar   c chekuri   t feder   r motwani   
behavioural treatment for chronic low back pain mw van tulder   rw ostelo   jw vlaeyen   sj linton   cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
segmentation of medical images combining local   regional   global   and hierarchical distances into a tm lehmann   d beier   c thies   t seidl    
gm strikes deal to outsource accountingâ '' computerworld   l copeland   
spontaneous pneumomediastinum secondary to hyperemesis gravidarum js gorbach   fl counselman   mh mendelson 1997.0  journal of emergency medicine    
aggregation and comparison of trajectories n meratnia    
h. 1995 . generalizing gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies l gravano   g ä ± a-molina proceedings of the 21st international conference on very  
streptococcal pharyngitis : a review of pathophysiology   diagnosis   and management journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 ja kline   jw runge   
september 1995 . generalising gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies l gravano   h garcia-molä ± na proceedings of 21st international conference on very large  
h. garc a-molina   and a. tomasic . the eectivenessof gloss for thetext-databasediscoveryproblem l gravano  proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod conference   may    
a protein taxonomy based on secondary structure t przytycka   r aurora   gd rose 1999.0  nature structural biology    
rat brain ca ^ 2 ^ + - atpase is a substrate for protein phosphatases pp1 and pp2a cellular and molecular biology letters   l zylinska   e gromadzinska   l lachowicz  1999.0 
vibrational spectra and topological structure of tetrahedrally bonded amorphous semiconductors pe meek  phil . mag    
enterprise integration system-a new paradigm for information management a aggarwal   
prenatal diagnosis of spina bifida and anencephaly through maternal plasma alpha-fetoprotein lancet i   dj brock   ae bolton   jb scrimgeour  1974.0 
measurement-based replanning of cell capacities in gsm networks e onur   h delic   c ersoy   mu caglayan  computer networks   2002.0 
ni   g. mecca   and p. merialdo . semistructured und structured data in the web : going back and forth p atze sigmod record      
the lecture : analyzing and improving its effectiveness . ld fink  new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
exploiting location and time for photo search and storytelling in mylifebits a aris   j gemmell   r lueder   
mol cryst liq cryst j geng   g li   e zhou   jwy lam   bz tang submitted for publication    
scalable sweeping-based spatial join l arge   o procopiuc vldb   1998.0    
mcns/docsis mac clears a path for the cable-modem invasion electronic design   l goldberg   
peerpressure : a statistical method for automatic misconfiguration troubleshooting hj wang   j platt   y chen   r zhang   ym wang    
blunted erectile response to hypothalamic stimulation in diabetes : a role for central nitric oxide as vollmer   wg mayhan   kp patel   
the broadband boom m miller pc magazine    
graph structure in the web   www9 computer networks   az broder   sr kumar   f maghoul   p raghavan   s   
inducing spatial clustering in spread spectrum ad hoc networks for efficient usage of capacity x yang   g de veciana  submitted in proc . acm mobihoc   may    
reaeration at low-head structures : preliminary results water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   sc wilhelms  1988.0 
a framework for evaluating the effectiveness of real-time object-oriented models p kumarakulasingam   h saiedian  information & software technology   2002.0 
inclusion of other in the self scale and the structure of interpersonal closeness 1992.0 a aron   en aron   d smollan journal of personality and social psychology    
flight crewmember to provide cabin service   instruct passengers in the use of emergency equipment   f attendants   
tonomuray ( 1997 ) panoramaexcerpts : extracting and packing panoramas for video browsing aa taniguchiy proc . acm multimedia conference    
ands . h.-c . yen   analysisandjusticationofasimple   practical 2 1/2 - d capacitance j cong   l he   ab kahng   d noice   n shirali  proc . acm/ieee design automation  
on the complexity of computing minimum energy consumption broadcast subgraphs lecture notes in computer science   aef clementi   p crescenzi   p penna   g rossi   p  2001.0 
pulmonary embolism : diagnosis with contrast-enhanced electron-beam ct and comparison with pulmonary 1996.0 c teigen   t muas   p sheedy journal of emergency medicine    
detection of dynamic execution errors in ibm system automation 's rule-based expert system c sinz   t lumpp   jm schneider   w kuechlin information & software technology   2002.0 
web servers benchmark tests   '' pc magazine   g alwang   
discovery of multiple-level association from large database j han   y fu proceedings of 1995 international conference on very large & hellip ;    
interactional drama : a path to the past . social studies and the young learner   1989.0 tn turner   d hendricks   
topologies with rocketfuelâ '' proceedings of acm n spring   r mahajan   d wetherall   isp measuring   
move over   ascii ! unicode is here pc magazine   c petzold   
calculation of the influence of an electric field on the free energy of formation of a nucleus phil . mag   jo isard   
understanding bgp misconfigurations d wetherall   r mahajan   t anderson proc . acm sigcomm      
the devolution of immigration regimes in europe & hellip ; community studies association meeting   seattle washington & hellip ;   g lahav   v guiraudon   
tenncare : the impact of state health care reform on emergency patients and caregivers . journal of emergency nursing   kd hulen   lm beeler  1995.0 
mathematizing   modeling   and communicating in reform classrooms progress report p cobb   e yackel   kpe gravemeijer unpublished manuscript      
self-similarity in the web d stephen   k ravi   m kevin   r sridhar   d sivakumar proc . vldbâ ?? 01    
the araneus web-base management system p atzeni   g mecca   p merialdo   a masci   g sindoni proc . int . conf . sigmod    
models of man ha simon 1957.0    
automatic subspaceclusteringof high dimensionaldatafor data mining applications r agrawal   j gehrke   d gunopulos   p raghavan   
speculation in first-price auctions with resale t troger   
hdeye : visual mining of highdimensional data ( demo ) a hinneburg   da keim   m wawryniuk   2002.0 
the emergency department management of near-hanging victims l vande krol   r wolfe 1994.0  journal of emergency medicine    
5.0 documentation . visual c++ tutorials : autoclick : automation c visual  1997.0 
utility of composite materials for the explosion-proof enclosure of an atomic power plant at . ag ivanov   ag fedorenko   
computing iceberg queries e ciently m fang   n shivakumar   h garcia-molina   r motwani     
radiosensitivity in huntington 's disease : implications for pathogenesis and presymptomatic diagnosis 1980.0 an moshell   jh robbins lancet i    
influence of positive affect on the subjective utility of gains and losses : it is just not worth the journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 am isen   te nygren   fg ashby   
from penteli to parthenon m corres 1993.0    
bumping windows between monitors t regan   m czerwinski   b meyers   g smith   
affect   cognition   and awareness : affective priming with optimal and suboptimal stimulus exposures st murphy   rb zajonc journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0    
â ?? theory of barium titanate . part ii af devonshire  phil . mag    
a policymakerâ ?? s guide for the use of central-local transfers : the philippine case unpublished manuscript   b diokno   
power efficient data gathering and aggregation in wireless sensor networks h tan   i korpeoglu 2003.0  sigmod record    
on the application of interference methods to astronomical methods phil . mag   aa michelson   
inventing new media : what we can learn from new media art and media history l manovich    
controllability of second-order semilinear infinite-dimensional dynamical systems j klamka 1998.0  applied mathematics and computer science    
past and future trends for portable tools interfaces . information and software technology   ne peeling   dp youll  1989.0 
estimation of organotin compound partition into phosphatidylcholine bilayers with a ph sensitive cellular and molecular biology letters   m langner   h kleszczynska  1997.0 
greenstone : a comprehensive open-source digital library software system ih witten    
dynamic exercise therapy for rheumatoid arthritis ch van den ende   tp vliet vlieland   m munneke   jm cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
performance of a software mpeg video decoder la rowe   k patel   bc smith    
huge enterprise apps pose management risk r weston computerworld      
from protest to participation ? environmental groups and the management of marine fisheries hk hernes   kh mikalsen   
tube : interactive model-integrated object-oriented programming submitted for publication   a rauschmayer   p renner  2004.0 
fast subsequence matching in time-series datebase . sigmod proc . of annual conference   minneapolis   c faloutsos   m ranganthan   y manolopoulos   
tutorial : computer system monitors gj nutt   
special section on sensor network technology & sensor data management ( part ii ) v kumar acm sigmod record     2004.0 
the finnish delphi study : forecasting the extent of information technology use in libraries in 1996 s koskiala   a huhtanen electronic library     1989.0 
distributed localization in wireless sensor networks : a quantitative comparison k langendoen   n reijers 2003.0  computer networks    
structural change and spurious volatility persistence submitted for publication   k maekawa   s lee   y tokutsu  2003.0 
yet another approach for secure broadcasting based upon single key concept . a federgruen   d spreen   jk jan   cd yu proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ;   1991.0    
an annotation scheme for free word order languages w skut   b krenn   t brants   h uszkoreit proceedings of anlp   1997.0    
the emergence of words t regier   b corrigan   r cabasaan   a woodward   m    
the râ ?? - tree : an efficient androbust access methodfor points and rectangles n beckmann   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger proc . acm sigmod  
entwicklung und realisierung eines analytischen regelkonzeptes fã 1/4 r eine aktive federung rh streiter diss.   technical university berlin    
effective memory use in a media server ( extended version ) e chang   h garcia-molina  1996.0 
laser processing of metals and alloys gl goswami   d kumar   pr roy 1988.0    
aquery : query language for ordered data   optimization techniques   and experiments a lerner   d shasha proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
dynamic stereometry of the temporomandibular joint from 3d imaging and tracking data m krebs  swiss federal institute of technology   zurich   switzerland    
comparison of the dynamic behaviour of brain tissue and two model materials dwa brands   phm bovendeerd   gwm peters   j wismans   1999.0  sae conference proceedings p    
conference m technolo  & hellip ; methods in nuclear erwineering montreal   canada   june    
the comparison of attenuation relationships for peak horizontal acceleration in intraplate regions procs . of the fifth pacific conference on earthquake & hellip ;   sk sarma   mw free   
efficient management of inconsistent databases a fuxman   e fazli   rj miller  acm sigmod international conference on management of data    
robby   hongjun zheng   and willem visser . tool-supported program abstraction for finite-state mb dwyer   j hatcliff   r joehanes   s laubach   cs proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software    
mouse mcm proteins : complex formation and transportation to the nucleus 1996.0 h kimura   t ohtomo   m yamaguchi   a ishii   k genes to cells    
singularity avoidance in redundant robot kinematics : a dynamical system approach k tchon  applied mathematics and computer science   1997.0 
virology   pathogenetic mechanisms   and associated diseases of kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus r sarid   a klepfish   a schattner  mayo clinic proceedings   2002.0 
diagnosis of sub-clinical varicocele by means of infrared functional imaging ( proceeding n. 143 ) a merla   l di donato   a ledda   gl romani  proceedings of the 23rd annual international conference of & hellip ;    
progestogen for preventing miscarriage rm oates-whitehead   dm haas   ja carrier cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
a. tomasic   â ?? gloss : text-source discovery over the internetâ ?? l gravano   h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems    
electrically augmented liquidliquid extraction in a two-component system   1 single droplet studies pj bailes   jd thornton proc int solv extr conf      
once upon a time past -- history in the elementary classroom . social studies and the young learner   1989.0 ls levstik   
a waterborne outbreak of gastroenteritis in adults associated with escherichia coli sa schroeder   jr caldwell   tm vernon   pc white   si 1968.0  lancet i    
the influence of self-interested behavior on sociopolitical change : the evolution of the chaco j kantner  1999.0 
a new approach to the modal logic of intervals a hussain   m marx 2004.0    
efficient polygon amalgamation methods for spatial olap and spatial data mining x zhou   d truffet   j han   
eager aggregation and lazy aggregation pa larson   wp yan    
performance evaluation and enhancement of the csma/ca mac protocol for 802.11 wireless lans g bianchi   l fratta   m oliveri   
sedimentology and brachiopod biostratigraphy of the ordovician ( mohawkian ) decorah formation [ ph. d. university of wisconsin   nr emerson   
stellar structure s chandrasekhar new york    
guru : a multimedia distance-learning framework for users with disabilities v balasubramanian   n venkatasubramanian proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
sources of the just war tradition in western culture.â ?? h roots 1991.0    
a tractable   approximate   combinatorial 3d rigidity characterization m sitharam   y zhou    
a perceptually driven dynamical model of rhythmic limb movement and bimanual coordination gp bingham   
a note on monte carlo methods for dynamic systems js liu   r chen  1996.0 
hastie . t : estimating the number of clusters in a dataset via the gap statistic r tibshirani   g walther  technical report   department of biostatistics   stanford  
sustainability and environmental assessment 1996.0 b simpson geography    
metamagnetism in the perovskite compound gd   comno a marsh   cc clark phil . mag    
fate of aerosolized recombinant dna-produced ai-antitrypsin : use of the epithelial surface ofthe rg crystal   
multimediaminer : a system prototype for multimedia data mining proc . acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data   or zaiane   j han   zn li   sh chee   j chiang  1998.0 
k. ramesh . 1987 . a parallel implementation of iterative-deepening a * vn rao   v kumar procs . 6th nat . conf . on art .    
required speeds of fossil fuel phase-out under a 2 degree c global warming limit f krause   1990.0 
global connections . media corner . ja braunâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
die nationalitã $ tenfrage und die sozialdemokratie 1907.0 o bauer   
random duplicated assignment : an alternative to striping in video servers jhm korst   
kalman filtering : with real-time applications ck chui   g chen  1987.0 
bon saying benough already ! [ in sql [ m carey   d kossmann  acm sigmod conference    
heat and x-ray induced inhibition of self-incompatibility in lilium longiflorum 1970.0 je hopper   
provided free of charge by the nill/narf   boulder   co il bulletins   
intralist repetition effects in free recall f zaromb   mw howard   e dolan   yb sirotin   a 2004.0    
the multiplicative effects of context switching   congruity   predictability and dominance in speeded n sriram   i lee submitted for publication.    
the relationship closeness inventory : assessing the closeness of interpersonal relationships e berscheid   m snyder   am omoto  journal of personality and social psychology    
mapping the internet w cheswick   h burch  ieee computer    
g. gibson and rh . katz   â ?? a case of redundant arrays of inexpensive disk ( p. aid ) â ?? d patterson acm international conference of management of data      
schneider r   seeger b. the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n berkmann   k hp proc . of the acm sigmod conf . atlantic      
realtime gesture-speech human interface on notebook size personal computer aaai-98 intelligent system demonstration   madison r oka   h takahashi   t mukai   t nishimura   t endo     
combinatorial auctions y shoham   
data mining using two-dimensional optimized association rules for numeric data : scheme   algorithms   t fukuda   y morimoto   s morishita   t tokuyama proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
an integrated model for impact analysis of software change h basson software quality management-international conference -   1998.0 
examining the effects of urbanization on streams using indicators of geomorphic stability mw doyle   jm harbor   cf rich   a spacie physical geography     2000.0 
1994 . multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkho   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger  proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
cultural considerations for evaluation consulting in the egyptian context fm seefeldt new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
personal conversion and open project files pa burdette walkersville   md. : monocacy watershed project demonstration & hellip ;    
government web pages : the lights are on but nobody is home j johnson electronic library     1996.0 
dressing animated complex clothes m carignan   y yang   n magnenat-thalmann   d  proc . of acm  
youth dropouts : lessons for implementing experiments within jtpa . p auspos   g cave   b goldman  new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
efficient and effective cluster method for spatial data mining r ng   j han  proceedings of the 20th international conference of very & hellip ;    
executive coaching as a transfer of training tool : effects on productivity in a public agency . g olivero   kd bane   re kopelman public personnel management     1997.0 
information extraction   communications of the acm j cowie   w lehnert acm press   new york      
computing iceberg queries efficiently n shivakumar   h garcia-molina  tech . report   stanford database group tech . report   november  
reversible systems 1987.0 mb sevryuk   
penetration of energetic ions through open channels in a crystal lattice rs nelson   mw thompson phil . mag      
classroom research in accounting : assessing for learning pg cottellâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0    
physicochemical and environmental plant physiology.â ?? academic press san diego   ps nobel   
ti . p. kriegel and b. seeger : '' efficient processing of spatial join using r-trees t brinkhoff proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod    
over-thecell routers for new cell model proc . of 29th acm/ieee design automation conference   b wu   na sherwani   nd holmes   m sarrafzadeh   
principles of optics 1pergamon new york   m born   e wolf   
cots and systems integration : some technical considerations b boehm procs of the sei/mcc symposium on the use of cots in systems & hellip ;      
searching on the secondary structure of protein sequences l hammel   jm patel  vldb   2002.0 
students in learning communities : engaging with self   others   and the college community f gabelnick   j mac gregor   rs matthews   bl smith  new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
going public : open-source databases and database research p bonnet sigmod conference   2002.0 
experimental determination of energy release rate for notch bending and notch tension proc . astm   jd lubahn   
impact of hepatitis c in long-functioning renal transplants : a clinicopathological follow-up transplantation proceedings   1993.0 jm morales   ma munoz   g castellano   f colina   
a search structure for large multimedimensional dynamicindexes jt robinson proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference    
mantha 1996 kannan govindarajan   bharat jayaraman   surya mantha   optimization and relaxation in j govindarajan proceedings of the 23rd acm sigplan-sigact symposium on    
student environmental organizations new directions for higher education   j keniry   b trelstad  1992.0 
the college and its region . vw henderson new directions for higher education   1975.0 
sensoren und mikroelektronik ; expert-verlag ( 1993 ) kw bonfig    
rethinking the value of choice : a cultural perspective on intrinsic motivation ss iyengar   mr lepper journal of personality and social psychology   1999.0 
a new dmt method for the design of axially loaded driven piles in clay soils jjm powell   ch shields   jc dupla   kh mokkelbost  submitted for publication    
nested datalog : a rule language for complex objects proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   q chen   g gardarin   
beyond market : generalizing association rules to correlations s brin   r motwani   c silverstein  processing of the acm sigmod conference    
july 8   1996   just one more click d daniel   
strategies for reflective practice jm peters 1991.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
structure and bonding jm lehn acc . chem . res    
e-mailâ ?? s double-edged sword b cole-gomolski  computerworld    
finite groups of outer automorphisms of a free group m culler contributions to group    
connected partition dimensions of graphs discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2002.0 v saenpholphat   p zhang   
shell-model calculations of interaction energies between point defects and dislocations in ionic mp puls   ch woo   mj norgett phil . mag    
car following in an urban network : simulation and experiments proceedings of seminar d   16 thptrc meeting   m aron   
context-aware communication a ranganathan   
a personal projected display m ashdown   p robinson proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
on two-dimensional indexability and optimal range searching indexing l arge   v samoladas   js vitter proc . of acm podsâ ?? 99      
garciaâ?º molina   h. ( 1995 ) . generalizing gloss to vectorâ?º space databases and broker hierarchies l gravano proc . 21st int . conf . on very large data  
object-oriented software construction [ m ] s mcconnell   1997.0 
assessing effectiveness in the collaborative classroom sf cramer  new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
randomization   bootstrap and monte carlo methods in biology : chapman and hall new york   bfj manly   
generalized rate-monotonic scheduling theory : a framework for developing real-time systems proceedings-ieee   1994.0 l sha   r rajkumar   ss sathaye   
efficient evaluation of queries in a mediator for websources v zadorozhny   l raschid   me vidal  sigmod conference   2002.0 
computability on continuous   lower semi-continuous and upper semi-continuous real functions lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 k weihrauch   x zheng   
global use of strategies to open coronary arteries investigators ( gusto ) am lincoff   rm califf   f van de werfâ ? ¦ mortality  
factors affecting design inspection effectiveness in software development t raz   at yaung information and software technology     1997.0 
global technology diffusion and the american research university . tc collins   sa tillmanâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education     1988.0 
spatial variability of midtropospheric circulation patterns and associated surface climate in the mj keables  physical geography    
thermal emission of gammas and lepton pairs from quark-gluon plasmas ( abstract only ) oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   pv ruuskanen  1991.0 
entnahme und ã?bertragung von organen vom 5.11 . 1997 ( transplantationsgesetz ) g ã 1/4 ber die spende bgbl .    
a schema partition for multimedia database management systems v turau   
patching : a multicast technique for true video-on-demand services ka hua   y cai   s sheu    
ge x si 1-x modulation-doped p-channel field-effect transistors tp pearsall   jc bean   r people   at fiory proc . int . symp . si-mbe    
promoting a global perspective . children 's literature . t mcgowanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
field tests on the essential components of the european nightjarâ ?? s song proc . int . ornithol . congr   m abs   
unusual congenital brain malformations with associated defects of the vrolik collection : meckel - learning and thinking   proceedings of the 23rd gã ¶ ttingen & hellip ;   b baljet   f van der werf   rj oostra   b verbeeten   
behavioral ecology of tropical birds : academic press bjm stutchbury   es morton san diego   ca      
poirot   f. layout driven logic restructuring/decomposition pa bouzeid   ks akouti   gs aucier proc . acm/ieee design automation conference      
thermoremanent magnetization . ii . experiments on multidomain grains cwf everitt  phil . mag    
transform analysis and option pricing for ane jumpdiusions d due   j pan   k singleton  technical report   graduate school of business   stanford  
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access mehod for points and rectangles t brinkhoff   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger proc . acm sigmod      
pattern matching and pattern discovery in scientific   program   and document databases jtl wang   k zhang   d shasha proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0    
kweelt : more than just â ?? yet another framework to query xml!â ??   sigmod demonstration session   a sahuguet   
context nuggets : a smart-its game m beigl   a krohn   c decker   p robinson   t zimmer    demonstration : ubicomp   seattle    
automated direct determination of copper in urine and whole blood by zeeman corrected atomic p dube at . spectrosc      
self-similarity through high-variability : statistical analysis of ethernet lan traffic at the source w williger   ms taqqu   we leland   dv wilson  proceedings of acm sigcomm    
functional network analysis as an effective scoring system for protein structure prediction g del rio   a garciarrubio   m cusack   de bredesen   
the outreach   impact   and sustainability of group-based credit : empirical evidence from rural chile s hauge 1998.0    
on localized prediction for power efficient object tracking in sensor networks y xu   wc lee proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
immunoelectron microscopic studies of glycosaminoglycans in the metaphyseal bone trabeculae of t kazama   m takagi   t ishii   y toda the histochemical journal     1992.0 
an honorable mention project d lerner 1999.0  social studies and the young learner    
nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs for low back pain cochrane database syst rev   mw van tulder   rj scholten   bw koes   ra deyo  2000.0 
stereo depth estimation : the confidence interval approach g kamberova   r bajcsy proc . intl. conf . computer vision iccv98   bombay   india   jan      
another history of bluegrass : the segregation of american popular music   1820-1900 a farmelo popular music and society     2001.0 
scalable parallel data mining for association rules sigmod conference   1997.0 eh hanâ ? ¦   
risiken und komplikationen der schilddrã 1/4 senchirurgie hã $ ufigkeit und therapie hd rã ¶ her   pe goretzki   p hellmann   j witte der chirurg     1999.0 
aggregation of a polypeptide with expanded polyglutamine domain in yeast cells leads to defects in ab meriin   x zhang   nb miliarasâ ? ¦  submitted for publication    
generalizinggloss to vector-space databases and broker hierachies lgh garcia-molina proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;      
efficacy and safety of d-sotalol   a pure class iii antiarrhythmic compound   in patients with s hohnloser   t meinertz   p stubbs journal of emergency medicine     1996.0 
computation of nonlinear turbulent free surface flows using the parallel uncle code m beddhu   r pankajakshan   my jiang   m remotigue   c proceedings of the 23rd symposium on naval hydrodynamicsâ ??   & hellip ;      
the crystal structure of resr 2 gacu 2 oy g roth   p adelmann   g heger   r knitter   t wolf  j. phys . i    
yasm : yet another software development methodology e skordalakis athens   greece : software engineering laboratory   national & hellip ;    
locking protocols for materialized aggregate join views g luo   jf naughton   cj ellmann   mw watzke  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
a divide-and-conquer strategy for shallow parsing of german free texts g neumann   c braun   j piskorski proceedings of anlp-2000   seattle   washington   2000.0 
global ventures and alliances n milway  bt technology journal   2000.0 
racial discrimination in housing sales : an empirical test of alternative models of broker behavior j simonson   r wienk unpublished manuscript    
active passives wccfl   san diego   a mahajan   
methods of modern mathematical physics vol . ii + iii : academic press m reed   b simon san diego    
communicationwith directed logic variables . in 18 thacm popl a kleinman   y moscowitz   a pnueli   e shapiro   1991.0 
heavy-tailed distributions in combinatorial search cp gomes   b selman   n crato 1997.0  lecture notes in computer science    
extracting comprehensible models from trained neural networks mw craven   1996.0 
the use of freon as an alternate gas in graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrometry b welz   g schlemmer  at spectrosc    
an investigation of optimal fuel injection conditions for the reduction in hydrocarbon emission k lee   c lee   y joo    
visual cues extraction for monitoring driverâ ?? s vigilance . q ji   g bebis    
dynamical constraints for the analysis of sea level pressure and surface wind over the world ocean y kushnir   a kaplan    
calculation of transonic laminar and turbulent flow past a delta wing   helsinki university of p kaurinkoski   t siikonen    
m ' ~ dg ~ rber   rh 1985 . multiprocessor hash-based join algorithms proceedings of the international conference on very large dj dewitt   
thin solid films is jurca   c meny   n viart   c ulhaq-bouillet   p submitted for  
open market stock repurchase signaling wj mcnally    
monitoring protein folding at atomic resolution acc chem res   tk kumar   c yu  2004.0 
data fusion spot and sar im-ages for bridge and urban area extraction s houzelle   g glraudon  proc . i-garss    
ho . a.   dill   j.   and henigman   f. the continuous zoom : a constrained fisheye technique for viewing l bartram proceedings of acm    
colloidal isopressing : a new shaping method for ceramic suspensions bc yu  2001.0 
broadband optimism mj miller pc magazine      
change   k.   garcia-molina   h.   paepcke   a. : starts stanford proposal for internet meta-searching l fravano proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on  
dynamic routing and resource allocation in wdm transport networks j spaeth 2000.0  computer networks    
â ?? active server pages programmierung â ?? s hillier   1997.0 
efficient user-adaptable similarity search in large multimedia databases proc . 23th int . conf . on vldb   s thomas   h kriegel   
causes and effects of causal attribution r hastie journal of personality and social psychology      
sã 1/4 chte und systeme k richelshagen  freiburg i. br    
printed educational materials : effects on professional practice and health care outcomes n freemantle   el harvey   f wolf   jm grimshaw   r  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
spam : technologies and policies j goodman   
semistructured and structured data in the web : going back and forth p merialdo   p atzeni   g mecca & hellip ; the management of semistructured data ( in conjunction with & hellip ;    
viewpoint specification and z m ainsworth   ah cruickshank   lj groves   pjl wallis   
spieâ ?? s international symposium on applied science and eng . 1991 san diego   kr murali   v subramanian   n rangarajan   as   
long term population dynamics of a black-tailed deer herd on commercial forestland in western b gilbert  university of washington   seattle   washington   usa    
artificial ant colonies in digital image habitats-a mass behaviour effect study on pattern v ramos   f almeida   
job values in today 's workforce : a comparison of public and private sector employees . ka karl   cl sutton public personnel management   1998.0 
prrs virus and secondary disease c pijoan   g solano   j segales proceedings of the 1994 allen d. leman swine conference      
the reproductive biology of the cotton-top tamarin ( saguinus oedipus ) in colombia [ phd dissertation ] a savage university of wisconsin      
exports   employment   and production : a causal assessment of us states and regions rm leichenko economic geography      
to weawe the web p atzeni   g meccca   p merialdo  proc . 23 rdint . conf . on vldb ( vldb    
riaa declares war : change needed . jc dvorak pc magazine    
new product search over time : past ideas in their prime ? r katila    
modeling and analysis of permanent magnet synchronous motor by taking saturation and core loss into ah wijenayake   pb schmidt   r automation   
efficient algorithms for maximum lifetime data gathering and aggregation in wireless sensor networks k kalpakis   k dasgupta   p namjoshi computer networks     2003.0 
the araneus web-base management system g mecca   p atzeni   a masci   p merialdo   g sindoni    
driver visual allocation and the introduction of intelligent transport systems 2000.0 tc lansdown proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;    
e-mail servers j clyman pc magazine    
introductory accounting : changing the first course kv pincus  new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
membrane based solvent extraction of heterocyclic acid in hollow fiber contactors e sabolovã ¡   å schlosser   l kubiå ¡ ovã ¡ proc . 28th int . conf . sschi   full text on cd rom   tatranskã © & hellip ;    
input impedance and radiation pattern of patch on multilayer cylinder s raffaelli   z sipus   ps kildal   
partial differential equations invariant under conformal or projective transformations c loewner   l nirenberg contributions to analysis    
exploiting constraints indesign synthesis technical report stan-cs-88-1204   stanford university j finger   
effective clustering methods for spatial data mining rt ng   jh efficient  & hellip ; . of twentieth international conference on very large data & hellip ;    
pases : a programming environment for pascal e shapiro   g collins   l johnson   j ruttenberg    
c2p : clustering based on closest pairs a nanopoulos   y theodoridis   y manolopoulos  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
jsv er . a framework for index bulk loading and dynamization pk agarwal   l arge   o procopiuc  proc . 28th intl. colloq . automata   languages and programming & hellip ;    
switcherland : a qos communication architecture for workstation clusters . to appearin proc . acm h eberle   e oertli   
concurrent prolog : a program report ieee computer   e shapiro   
scheelite-bearing skarns in the sierra nevada region   california . contrasts in zoning and mineral r newberry skarnsâ ?? their genesis and metallogeny : athens   greece   & hellip ;    
calcification of matrix vesicles in human aortic valve and aortic media km kim   1976.0 
oil-soluble versus water-soluble media for assessing tubal patency with hysterosalpingography or p vandekerckhove   a watson   r lilford   t harada   e  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
uber ausreissertests und ausreisseranfalligkeit von wahrscheinlichkeitsverteilungen 1979.0 u gather   
differing patterns of head and facial injury with airbag and/or belt restrained drivers in frontal & hellip ; occupant restraint technologiesâ ??   procs joint aaam/ircobi & hellip ;   jr crandall   tp kuhlmann   pg martin   wd pilkey   t   
a network-aware mac and routing protocol for effective load balancing in ad hoc wireless networks proceedings of acm mobihoc   s roy   d saha   s bandyopadhyay   t ueda   s tanaka  2003.0 
towards on open architecture for egfhe 1989.0 d chimenti   r gamboa   r krishnamurthy   
a mixed-integer nonlinear programming approach to analog circuit synthesis design automation conference   1992 . proceedings.   29th acm / & hellip ;   pc maulik   lr carley   ra rutenbar  1992.0 
bouncy e granum a demonstration presented at the nordic interactive media & hellip ;      
lâ ?? integration des donnees dans un systeme de reconnaissance de documents assistee f bapst   r brugger   a zramdini   r ingold    
sia : secure information aggregation in sensor networks b przydatek   d song   a perrig 2003.0  proceedings of acm sensys    
transaction monitoring in encompass [ tm ] : reliable distributed transaction processing a borr  proceedings of vldb   1981.0 
a first version of a data flow procedure language   project mac technical memorandum 66 j dennis cambridge   ma : mit laboratory for computer science   may l975 .    
fast electron generation and transport in a turbulent magnetized plasma madison phd thesis mr stoneking university of wisconsin    
dnabootâ ?? bootstrap confidence intervals on dna parsimony 3.1 seattle : university of washington   j felsenstein   
on processing xml in ldap g lausen   pj marron intl. conference on very large data bases ( vldb )    
garcãa - solaco : â ?? suitability of data models as canonical models for federated dbsâ ?? c saltor acm sigmod record    
data mining using two-dimensional optimized association rules : scheme algorithms   and visualization   acm   t fukuda   y morimoto   s morishita   t tokuyama   
on the form of free triode vibrations b van der pol   hv appleton  phil . mag    
model reduction   parameter estimation and experimental design of reactors s venkatesh 2001.0    
all channels openâ ?? multimodal human/computer interfaces bt technology journal   pj wyard   ge churcher  2000.0 
subspace clustering of high dimensional data c domeniconi   d papadopoulos   d gunopulos   s ma    
nitroglycerin in the treatment of cocaine associated chest pain-clinical safety and efficacy . journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 j hollander   r hoffman   p gennis   
subextremal functions and lattice programming m li calzi   a veinott 1992.0    
plantlet formation from anthers of citrus aurantium t hidaka   y yamada   t shichijo l. proc . int . soc . citriculture      
implementing large production systems in a dbms environment t sellis   c lin   l raschid proceedings of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data      
jed : just an event display ad malony 1990.0  acm press frontier series    
ambulant : a fast   multi-platform open source smil player dca bulterman   j jansen   k kleanthous   k blom   d  proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
linguist-86 : yet another translator writing system based on attribute grammars r farrow acm sigplan notices   1982.0    
microvillar peptidase activity in amniotic fluid : possible use in the prenatal diagnosis of cystic nj carbarns   c gosden   djh brock 1983.0  lancet i    
the impact of technology-based industries in washington state wb beyers   dp lindahl technology alliance   seattle washington   january    
open planning   scheduling and constraint management architectures h beck   a tate 1995.0  bt technology journal    
mit proximity card vulnerabilities j mandel   a roach   k winstein   
partial categorical multi-combinators and church rosser theorems r lins submitted for    
role of reactive oxygen formation in the cyclosporin-a-mediated impairment of renal functions a wolf   n clemann   w frieauff   b ryffel transplantation proceedings   1994.0    
lbt adaptive secondary preliminary design d gallieni   c del vecchio   e anaclerio   pg    
managing intervals efficiently inobject-relational databases hp kriegel   m pã ¶ tke   t seidl  proc . 26thint . conf . on very large databases ( vldb )    
curler : finding and visualizing nonlinear correlation clusters 2005.0 akh tung   x xu   bc ooi proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
shopbots become agents for business change d clark    
query flocks : an extension to association-rule mining s tsur   jd ullman   s abiteboul   c clifton   r 1998.0    
tutorial on cluster discovery methods for large bases a hinneburg   da keim proc . of acm sigmod conf . on data management    
biodegradacja substancji tluszczowych z gruntow-izolowanie mikroorganizmow biodegradujacych fizykochemiczne problemy mineralurgii   t farbiszewska   j farbiszewska-bajer   t sudol  1995.0 
africa betrayed g ayittey    
ranking interesting subspaces for clustering high dimensional data k kailing   hp kriegel   p kroger   s wanka    
concepts and effectiveness of the cover-coefficient-based clustering methodology for text databases acm transactions on database systems   1990.0 f can   ea ozkarahan   
an evolved   vision-based behavioral model of coordinated group motion cw reynolds    
enrollment management and its context . d hossler   f kemerer new directions for higher education   1986.0 
how re assemble tree mac & / net sn bhatt   cje leiserson  1984.0 
low dose botulinum toxin a is effective in focal hyperhidrosis op kreyden   r schaffner   g burg   
digital pattern recognition by moments fl alt 1962.0  journal of the acm ( jacm )    
potential   impedance   and rectification in membranes de goldman    
did homer sing at lefkandi bb powell  electronic antiquity    
second quantization and atomic spectroscopy johns hopkins university press   baltimore br judd md    
the impacts of supported work on youth . ra maynard  the national supported work demonstration   madison    
emergency department time for evaluation of patients discharged with a diagnosis of renal colic : em rekant   cl gibert   fl counselman  journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
the use of nutrient reserves by breeding waterfowl proc . int . ornithol . congr   cd ankney   rt alisauskas   
extracting schema from semistructured data s nestorov sigmod conference   1998.0 
video adaptation : concepts   technologies   and open issues sf chang   a vetro proceedings of the ieee     2005.0 
mediator languagesâ ?? a proposal for a standard : report of an i 3/pob working group held at the p buneman   l raschid   j ullman  acm sigmod record   1997.0 
crystal engineering through particle size and shape monitoring   modeling   and control 2002.0 db patience   
a ptas for the multiple knapsack problem c chekuri   s khanna   
brave new apps : the application servers pc magazine sept   rv dragan   
understanding the effects of developer activities on inspection interval 1997.0 dm mancl   aa porter   hp siy   lg votta jr proc int conf software eng    
hm   da keim and h.-p . kriegel   â ?? a cost model for nearest neighbor search   â ?? s berchtold   c bo  proc . 16th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . on principles of  
evolving topologies of artificial neural networks adapted to image processing tasks ha mayer   r huber    
freemau & co. 1982 d marr   wh vision   
der kiefernschneebruch 1968 und 1975 im pfã $ lzerwald a lessel-dummel  1981.0 
from sequences to shapes and back : a case study in rna secondary structures p schuster   w fontana   pf stadler   il hofacker proceedings : biological sciences   1994.0    
new approaches to the education of older adults new directions for adult and continuing education   ma wolf  1998.0 
automatic resource compilation by analysing hyperlink structure and associated text ibm almaden research center   p raghavan   
scalable hversus ip routing lookups m waldvogel   g varghese   j turner   b plattner proc . acm  
transforming the â ?? weakest linkâ ?? â ?? a human/computer interaction approach to usable and effective bt technology journal   ma sasse   s brostoff   d weirich  2001.0 
random polynomial time algorithms for sampling from joint distributions d applegate   r kannan   ng polson  submitted for publication    
mems component extraction b baidya   sk gupta   t mukherjee   
probabilist visual learning for object representation b moghaddam   a pentland   1995.0 
effective view naviation gw furnas proc of acm chi97    
free energy surfaces from single-molecule force spectroscopy . g hummer   a szabo acc . chem . res     2005.0 
j. davin   '' snmp security protocols ''   trusted information systems   inc.   hughes lan systems   inc mit laboratory for computer science   rfc   j galvin   k mccloghrie   
research studies on the effectiveness of supplemental instruction in mathematics new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 pa kenney   jm kallisonâ ? ¦   
perpendicular conductivity and self-consistent electric fields in tokamak edge plasma v rozhansky   s voskoboynikov   e kovaltsova   d    
microbial methods for the extraction and recovery of metals dp kelly   pr norris   cl brierly & hellip ; state   future prospects . proc 29th symposium gen microbiol ( & hellip ;    
magneto-optical transitions in a coulomb coupled pair of quantum dots ( abstract only ) t chakraborty   v halonen   p pietilainen 1991.0  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
dmql : a data mining query language for relational databases j han   y fu   w wang   k koperski   o zaiane    
development of technology for harvesting and transplanting subtidal juvenile pacific razor clams   na rickard   ra newman mw.   seattle   washington . june      
a monte carlo algorithm for fast projective clustering cm procopiuc sigmod conference     2002.0 
open decdtm : constraint based transaction management j klein   fu iv    
7700 14th avenue south se assessment   boc gases seattle   washington   delta environmental consultants   march      
efficient design and analysis of two colour factorial microarray experiments 2003.0 f bretz   j landgrebe   e brunner   
real-time operating systems for embedded computing proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0 s hustin   m potkonjak   e verhulst   w wolf   
temporal specification of ada tasking w hankley   j peters proceedings of the 23rd hawaii international conference on  
allocating resources as a means of inducing and responding to change . kw mathews new directions for higher education   1990.0    
homer : a model-based case tool for data-intensive web sites p merialdo   p atzeni   m magnante   g mecca   m  sigmod conference   2000.0 
amelioration of the macrothrombocytopenia associated with the murine bernard-soulier syndrome t kanaji   s russell   j ware blood-new york -   2002.0    
outrage prompts amazon to change price-testing policy l rosencrance computerworld    
c     and wong   a. generation and search of clustered files sa ltcin  acm trans database syst    
media use among preschool children as a function of income and media options m st peters   s oppenheimer   dj eakins   jc wright   & hellip ; for research in child development   seattle   washington   1991.0 
calibration   terrain reconstruction and path planning for a planetary micro-rover   i-sairas 6 m vergauwen   m pollefeys   l van gool   r moreas   f robotics and automation in space   montreal   canada   june      
approximations for a multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkhoff   hp kriegel   
concerning restsite package vl . 1 jc miller  university of wisconsin    
in curriculum   as in life   the whole is more than the sum of the parts . 1993.0 rg underhill   p thompson social studies and the young learner    
modularity in the design and standardisation of open systems . d beech  computer networks   1984.0 
cache tables : paving the way for an adaptive database cache proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   m altinel   c bornhovd   s krishnamurthy   c mohan   h   
can people use gesture commands ? acm sigchi bulletin   1986.0 cg wolf   
motor learning impairment and back pain v janda fimm proceedings   zurich   switzerland      
c. silverstein . beyond market baskets : generalizing association rules to correlations s brin   r motwani proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of    
implications of accounting practice for financial analysis . wm wilkinson new directions for higher education   1979.0    
on the integration of software design information information and software technology   gj ampt  1987.0 
the human impact on the environment . geography   s metcalfe  1991.0 
information extraction : techniques and challenges r grishman lecture notes in computer science   1997.0    
modeling battlefield sensor environments with an object database management system ma woyna   jh christiansen   cw hield   kl simunich   
analyse und synthese nichtlinearer dissipativer systeme : ein ã?berblick a kugi   k schlacher    
gloss : text-source discovery over the internet l gravano   h garcia-molina   a tomasic acm transactions on database systems   1999.0 
a global emergency s rupley pc magazine    
testing a causal model of corporate risk taking and performance p bromiley the academy of management journal     1991.0 
object systems over relational databases mk crowe  information and software technology   1993.0 
productivity and the enactment of a macro culture kc laudon   kl marr 1994.0  proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;    
integrating activity-based costing and the theory of constraints r cooper   r slagmulder management accounting      
the passing of traditional society new york   d lerner   
influence of stimulus components placed outside classical receptive field reveals harmonic structure s kadia   r snider   x wang proceedings of the 23rd midwinter meeting of the association & hellip ;    
procalcitonin : a new marker for differential diagnosis of acute rejection and bacterial infection in transplantation proceedings   1997.0 m staehler   c hammer   b meiser   b reichart   
ssf fingerprint for image authentication : an incidental distortion resistant scheme s tang   jt li   yd zhang    
the operating performance of seasoned equity issuers : free cash flow and post-issue performance r mclaughlin   a safieddine   gk vasudevan    
implementation of the epsilon dataflow processor proceedings of the 23rd hawaii international conference on & hellip ;   vg grafe   je hoch   
an international comparison of derivatives use financial management   h berkman   me bradbury   s magan  1997.0 
bambe   version 2.02 beta software at   dl simon   b larget   
file directory design considerations for distributed data bases ww chu   e nahouraii vldb    
panoramaexcerpts : extracting and packing panoramas for video browsing y tanigushi   a akutsu   y tonomura proc . acm multimedia    
pattern recognition : statistical   structural and neural approaches r schalkoff   
unitary representations of ( g   k ) - pairs connected with the infinite symmetric group s ( â ?? ) gi olshanskii  algebra i analiz    
dynatnics of glassy polytner melts in confined geotnetry : a monte carlo simulation j baschnagel 1996.0  j. phys . i france    
efficient storage and querying of sequential patterns in database systems a nanopoulos   m zakrzewicz   t morzy   y information & software technology     2003.0 
history and multimedia technology . media corner . social studies and the young learner   1994.0 b mitchell-powellâ ? ¦   
join and semi-join algorithms for a multiprocessor database machine pv vald841   g gardarin  acm-tods    
query-initiated discovery of interesting association rules j yoon   l kerschberg   
sedimentpetrographische und stratigraphische untersuchungen in den oberostalpinen mittelkreide - r gaupp technical university mã 1/4 nchen    
planning : the current context . new directions for higher education   jd millett  1980.0 
ocr puts pages in your pc '' pc magazine   a poor   
information technology and organizational change : causal structure in theory and research ml markus   d robey  management science   1988.0 
fault detection   isolation   and diagnosis in multihop wireless networks l qiu   p bahl   a rao   l zhou    
on the integration of the thermo-elastic equations phil . mag   jn goodier   
the collegium : community as gathering place new directions for higher education   ce orlando  2000.0 
on two-dimensional indexability and optimal range search indexing l arge proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst     1999.0 
duality-based subsequence matching in time-series databases ys moon   ky whang   wk loh   
prolotherapy injections for chronic low back pain mj yelland   ps del mc   ml schoene cochrane database syst rev   2004.0    
ethical issues in the use of control groups rf conner new directions for program evaluation   1980.0    
web release date : november 16   2002 acc . chem . res   2003.0 k lee   h song   jt park   
combinatorial and experimental results for randomized point algorithms p raghavan   s irani proc . 12th . acm . scg      
a layered approach to building open aspect-oriented systems communications-acm   p netinant   t elrad   m fayad  2001.0 
far voxels : a multiresolution framework for interactive rendering of huge complex 3d models on e gobbetti   f marton proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 
oros : toward a type model for software development environments acm sigplan notices   wr rosenblatt   jc wileden   al wolf  1989.0 
sub - m-machining of metallic materials with femtosecond excimer lasers j ihlemann   p simon   g marowsky laseropto-stuttgart -   1999.0 
corporate intrauets l erlauger pc magazine australia   june    
cache sensitive modulo scheduling j sfinchez   a gonzilez  procs . of 3oth int . symp . on microarchitecture    
mac graw hill   1993 j de burgos    
coming back for more b mcwilliams  computerworld    
yet another multicast ( yam ) routing protocol : specification version 1 unpublished manuscript   k carlberg   j crowcroft   
roadrunner : towards automatic data extraction from large web sites vldb   2001.0 v crescenzi   g mecca   p merialdoâ ? ¦   
special issue on sensor network technology and sensor data management v kumar  acm sigmod record    
generalizing gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies . technicalreport   1995.0 l gravano   h garcia-molina   
a non-destructive momentum spread measurement with a 4-stripline beam position monitor in the j-parc s leeâ ? ¦  japanese )   procs . of the 1st annual meeting of particle  
a causal model of turnover for nurses jl price   cw mueller the academy of management journal     1981.0 
accounting for scale : measuring geography in quantitative studies of civil war h buhaug   p lujala   
acceptance testing rw miller   ct collins    
individual environmental initiative : championing natural environmental issues in us business lm andersson   ts bateman 2000.0  academy of management journal    
principles of optics   6th ed . 1pergamon new m born   e wolf   
geometric algorithms and combinatorial optimization 1988.0 m grotschel   l lovasz   a schrijver   
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database discovery problem . 1994 l gravano   hg molina   a tomasic proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
optimum fiber parameters of loss optical fibers for use in 1.55 î 1/4 m wavelength region y namihira   y horiuchi   h wakabayashi electronic letters      
software development goes global computerworld   gh anthes   
us public opinion concerning the procurement and distribution of donor organs rw evans   dl manninen transplant proc     1988.0 
pupil detection and tracking using multiple light sources   . 1998 c morimotoâ ? ¦ ibm almaden research center : san    
erythropoietin synthesis by tumor cells in a case of meningioma associated with erythrocytosis p bruneval   c sassy   p mayeux   mf belair   
jp wolfe   s. wagaw   j.-f . marcoux und sl buchwald a ã?bersichtsartikel acc . chem . res      
mapping the iutemet h burch   b cheswick  ieee  
motivation and diversity : a framework for teaching new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 rj wlodkowski   
design and analysis of a flow control algorithm for a network of rate allocating servers   university md   s keshav   ak agrawala   s singh   
dynamic buffer allocation in video-on-demand systems sh lee   ky whang   ys moon   iy song sigmod conference   2001.0    
reflections on action research jm peters 1997.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
combinatorial auction design a pekec   mh rothkopf  management science   2003.0 
analysis of cache behavior in timeshared systems e peserico technical report computation structures group memo      
analysis of growth rate in continuous time markets with transaction costs gn iyengar   1997.0 
relations among concurrent-write prams ( preliminary version ) fe fich   p ragde   a wigderson proc . 3rd acm podc  
efficient construction of regression trees with range and region splitting machine learning   2001.0 y morimoto   h ishii   s morishita   
clustering categorical data : an approach based on dynamical systems the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   d gibson   j kleinberg   p raghavan  2000.0 
substitution dynamical systems   bratteli diagrams and dimension groups   ergodic th . and dynam f durand   b host   c skau sys.   to  
analysis of telomerase and telomeres methods molecular genetics   jw shay   d brasiskyte   m ouellette   ma piatyszek    1994.0 
enzymatic properties and autophosphorylation of the saccharomyces cerevisiae yak1 protein kinase cellular and molecular biology letters   s kassis   r annan   jc lee   c creasy  1998.0 
maximum lifetime data gathering and aggregation in wireless sensor networks k kalpakis   k dasgupta   p namjoshi    
farmer : finding interesting rule groups in microarray datasets 23rd acm international conference on management of data   g cong   akh tung   x xu   f pan   j yang  2004.0 
modeling of test structures for efficient online defect monitoring using a digital tester san diego   c hess   lh weiland   
water   air and soil pollut 1987.0 bb hicks   dd baldocchi   tp meyers   rp hosker jr     
environmental education   social studies   and education reform d simmons social studies and the young learner   1995.0    
inflow model for simulation of helicopter flight in dynamic ground effect h xin   jvr prasad   d peters  european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
user needs assessment and evaluation for the uc berkeley electronic environmental library project : a proceedings of acm digital libraries &#39; 95   na van house  1995.0 
towards on open architecture for ldl . d chimenti   r gamboa   r krishnamurthy  vldb   1989.0 
protein secretion in the polarized epithelial cell line   mdck c kondor-koch   r bravo   s fuller   d cutler   h submitted for publication      
image region entropy : a measure of â ?? visualnessâ ?? of web images associated with one concept 2005.0 k yanai   k barnard proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
an efficient algorithm for discovering frequent subgraphs m kuramochi   g karypis 2004.0  ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering    
in whom we trust : group membership as an affective context for trust development academy of management review   2001.0 m williams   
taligent : a framework for change pc r raskin   
modern combined oral contraceptives for pain associated with endometriosis j moore   s kennedy   a prentice 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
lanthanide-transition-metal complexes : from ion pairs to extended arrays ac res  acc . chem . res   2003.0 
fuzzy logic torque ripple reduction for dtc based ac drives electronic letters   ig bird   hz de la parra  1997.0 
principles of protein structure ge schulz   rh schirmer   1979.0 
optimal use for older donor kidneys : older recipients jm cecka   pi terasaki  transplantation proceedings   1995.0 
space filling curves and texture analysis pt nguyen   j quinqueton proc . int . conf . pattern recognition      
preliminary findings from the san diego job search and work experience demonstration 1984.0 bs goldman   
selective markov models for predicting web page access m deshpanse   g karypis acm transactions on internet technology   4 ( 2 )      
open object database management systems 1994.0 ja blakeley proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
subsidized inequities : the spatial patterning of environmental risks and federally assisted housing sl cutter   me hodgson   k dow 2000.0  urban geography    
closed-form equation for thermal constriction/spreading resistances with variable resistance s song   s lee   v au  proc . int . electronics packaging conf    
personal dynamic media a kay   a goldberg ieee computer      
fishes and associated environmental data collected in new york bight   june 1974-june 1975 1977.0 sj wilk   
improving the accuracy of circuit activity measurement   '' 31st acm/ieee design automation conference b kapoor san diego      
the use of record linkage in longterm prospective studies in acheson   e ma heasman d. ( ed ) record linkage in medicine   proceedings of the  
a multi-state survey of videotaping practices for major trauma resuscitations1 journal of emergency medicine   dg ellis   eb lerner   dvk jehle   k romano   c  1999.0 
automotive active suspensions part 1 : basic principles ingentaconnect.com    
the open system user 's programming interfaces a langsford 1984.0  computer networks    
dynamic itemsets and implication rules in market basket data s brin   r motwani   j ullman   s tsur acm sigmod int . conf . on management of    
partition based spatial-merge join jm pate961 patel   dj dewitt proceedings of the 1996 acm-sigmod conference   june      
s and walker dg 1965 b hickman phil . mag    
alcohol use and consequences see ref   dr gerstein   
adaptive limited-supply online auctions mt hajiaghayi   r kleinberg   dc parkes   
rambo ii : implementing atomic memory in dynamic networks   using an aggresive reconfiguration s gilbert   n lynch   a shvartsman  technical report lcstr-xxx   massachusetts institute technology    
beyond market baskets : generalizing association rules to correlations   sigmod 1997 s brin   r motwani   c silverstein proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;      
regge poles in particle physics pdb collins   ej squires   1968.0 
automatic subspace clustering of high dimensional data for data mining applications . eds.   haas   lm r agrawal   j gehrke   d gunopulos   p raghavan sigmod 1998   proceedings acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;      
atomic modeling of homogenous nucleation of dislocation loops from condensation of point defects phil . mag   ty tan   
global warming to the internet e horwitt computerworld      
environgenics systems co.   el monte   ca rd cardwell  unpublished  
bispectrum estimation - a digital signal processing framework c nikias   m raghuveer ieee   proceedings   1987.0    
tbt in uk estuaries   1982-86 . evaluation of the environmental problem mj waldock    
efficient and effective clustering methods for spatial data mining j han 20th international conference on very large data bases      
on nearest neighbor indexing of nonlinear trajectories cc aggarwal   d agrawal   
energetic formulations from nanosize metal powders f tepper   g ivanov   m lerner   v davidovich proc . int . pyrotech . seminars    
lingual abscess secondary to body piercing journal of emergency medicine   jc olsen  2001.0 
changes in soil carbon storage and associated properties with disturbance and recovery wh schlesinger the changing carbon cycle : a global analysis     1986.0 
multiresolution similarity search in image databases 2004.0 m heczko   a hinneburg   d keim   m wawryniuk multimedia systems    
structural pattern recognition t pavlidis    
a model for backup   archive and restore-a proposal to x/open . ibm almaden research report   dm choy   a saxena   
a failure of ehd lubrication of circumferentially ground disk a dyson  proceedings of ime    
free parallel data mining b li  1998.0 
modeling correlations in web traces and implications for designing replacement policies k psounis   a zhu   b prabhakar   r motwani  computer networks   2004.0 
the study of world war ii . pull-out feature i. social studies and the young learner   me haas   jk tipton  1994.0 
solar photovoltaics g boyle see ref      
virtual organizations : two choice problems portal.acm.org    
melodic clustering : motivic analysis of schumannâ ?? s trã $ umerei e cambouropoulos   g widmer    
another look at a model for evaluating interface aesthetics dcl ngo   jg byrne    
1990 . the r - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of    
efficient processing of spatial joins using r-trees   acm sigmod intl t brinkhoff   hp kriegel   b seeger conference on management of data      
dominance relationships of tree associated herbs in some california grasslands vt parker   1977.0 
the impact of residual renal function on the adequacy of peritoneal dialysis nh lameire contributions to nephrology   1998.0    
learning environments and environmental education p belanger  new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
social serendipity : proximity sensing and cueing n eagle   a pentland    
experience with the vhdl environment design automation conference   1988 . proceedings.   25th acm / & hellip ;   m loughzail   m cote   m aboulhamid   e cerny  1988.0 
oxidation-reduction potentials of organic systems   william and wilkins   baltimore wm clark  md    
very large data bases r ng   j han proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;    
ddr-distributed dynamic routing algorithm for mobile ad hoc networks 2000.0 n nikaein   h labiod   c bonnet mobihoc proceedings    
control systems theory for linear repetitive processes-recent progress and open research problems e rogers   k galkowski   dh owens applied mathematics and computer science   1997.0 
the change masters rm kanter    
on saying ã cents â ? ¬ å?enough already ! ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in sql mj carey   d kossmann proc . acm sigmod    
aspiration of free blood from the peritoneal cavity does not mandate immediate laparotomy . k nagy   j fildes   e sloan journal of emergency medicine   1996.0    
forget roiâ ?? just install it computerworld   r weston   c stedman   
testing the neoclassical model of family labor supply and fertility the journal of human resources   tp schultz  1990.0 
the phantom public w lippmann   
fifth-year report : milwaukee parental choice program   1997 jf witte   td sterrâ ? ¦ madison   wisconsin   university of    
evolving interpretations as a change unfolds : how managers construe key organizational events la isabella the academy of management journal   1990.0    
optimism is associated with mood   coping   and immune change in response to stress sc segerstrom   se taylor   me kemeny   jl fahey journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0    
women state legislators   womenâ ?? s organizations   and the representation of womenâ ?? s culture in the sj carroll see bystydzienski      
a transaction recovery method supporting fine-granularity locking and partial rollbacks using write - c mohan   d haderle   b lindsay   h pirahesh   p  ibm research report rj6649   ibm almaden research centre   & hellip ;    
semistructured and structured data in the web : going back and forth 1997.0 p atzeni   g mecca   p merialdo sigmod record    
design of an optical ground station for in-orbit check-out of free space laser communication rh czichy   z sodnik   b furch proc . spie   1995.0    
on infinite groups with abelian centralizers of involutions vd mazurov algebra i logika    
just for fun . the story of an accidental revolutionary l torvalds   d diamond    
assessing interdisciplinary learning 1994.0 m field   r lee   ml field new directions for teaching and learning    
the two cultures of environmental management c anderson proceedings of the 25 thannual environmental workshop      
j. . s. vitter . scalable sweeping-based spatial join l arge   o procopiuc   s ramaswamy   t suel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
andm . wolf ( 1998 ) â ?? inferenceforthemeanintheheavy-tailedcase   â ?? jp romano technical report   department of statistics   stanford    
the past is the past -- or is it ? the use of retrospective accounts as indicators of past strategy br golden the academy of management journal   1992.0    
blind extraction of stochastic and deterministic signals by neural network approach proc . of 28th asilomar conference on signals   systems and & hellip ;   tp chen   r chen   
gulf general atomic le kovar san diego      
exploiting the block structure of theweb for computing pagerank sd kamvar   th haveliwala   cd manning   gh golub technical report   stanford university   march 2003 . submitted on  
model based fault detection and diagnosis methods r isermann & hellip ; of the american control conference   seattle   washington   & hellip ;   1995.0    
a basis for evaluation of commercial software dj carney   k wallnau   
the diagnosis of acute appendicitis : clinical assessment versus computed tomography evaluation lk gwynn 2001.0  journal of emergency medicine    
summary cache : a scalable wide-area web cache sharing protocol   '' p cao   j almeida   az broder proceedings of acm    
extracting schema from semistructured data proc . sigkddâ ?? 98   s nestrov   s abiteboul   r motwani   
chemistry of the upper and lower atmosphere : theory   experiments   and applications academic bj finlayson-pitts   jn pitts san diego   calif      
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? effective memory use in a media server   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? proceedings of the vldb conference   e chang   h garcia-molina   
relational cliches : constraining constructive induction during relational learning g silverstein   mj pazzani proceedings    
many faces of risk : free speech versus public safety jl jervis new directions for higher education   2004.0 
query flocks : a generalization of association-rule mining jd ullman   r motwani   s nestorov    
an introductory cours e in computer graphics   chartwell-bratt   kent   1986   144 pages r kingslake    
cantilever-based microsystems for gas sensing and atomic force microscopy d lange  ph. d. dissertation   eth   zurich   switzerland    
fast exponentiation with precomputation 1993.0 ef brickell   dm gordon   ks mccurley   db wilson lecture notes in computer science    
mining information networks through spectral methods s chakrabarti   b dom   d gibson   j kleinberg   p preparation   ibm almaden research center      
a fast algorithm for constructing rooted trees from constraints m henzinger   v king   t warnow unpublished  
roadrunner : automatic data extraction from data-intensive web sites v crescenzi 2002.0  sigmod conference    
online auctions with re-usable goods mt hajiaghayi   r kleinberg   m mahdian   dc parkes   
the intelligent recommendation analyzer cc aggarwal   jl wolf   kl wu   ps yu icdcs workshop of knowledge discovery and data mining in the & hellip ;   2000.0 
stress related failures causing open metallization proc . int . reliability phys . syp   sk groothuis   wh schroen   
open your door or we 'll sue   '' says software piracy patrol . computerworld.   1990.0 c von simson   c wilder   
commercial   recreational uses and economic benefits of the channel islands national marine sanctuary ja reynolds california sea grant report . santa barbara   california      
mining the most interesting rules proceedings of the fifth acm sigkdd international conference & hellip ;   1999.0 rj bayardo   r agrawal   
emergency department visits by children with sickle hemoglobinopathies : factors associated with k frush   r ware   t kinney journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
hydrodynamic and acoustic field detection 1988.0 aj kalmijn sensory biology of aquatic animals    
cost-based labeling of groups of spectra l chen   z huang   r ramakrishnan proc . acm-sigmod      
â ?? brien ma   freemantle n   oxman ad   wolf f   davis da   herrin j. continuing education meetings and o thomson  cochrane database syst rev    
the turbulence measurement during the intake and compression process for high-turbulence generation ys song   jw hong   jt lee proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;     2001.0 
university of california   santa barbara ph. d. 1985   267 pages . on the structure of rule-based lj gorenflo   
operating system based software generation for systems-on-chip   dacâ ?? 2000â ?? design automation d desmet   d verkest   d de man  proceedings   acm    
on optimal piggyback merging policies cc aggarwal   jl wolf   ps wu proc . acm sigmetricsã cents      
physiochemical and environmental plant physiology . 2 nded.â ?? academic press ps nobel san diego    
modeling and analysis of video servers based on hierarchical storage systems . '' preparation   csl technical report   stanford university   shg chan   fa tobagi   
combinatorial classes on the moduli space of curves are tautological . 2003   e-print : math g mondello    
determination of beryllium in urine with electrothermal atomic absorption using the l'vov platform dc paschal   gg bailey  at spectrosc    
cache tables : paving the way for an adaptive database cache m altä ± nel   c bornhã ¶ vd   s krishnamurthy   c mohan     
pit structure variation in the southwestern deserts : a view from the san simon drainage . paper 1998.0 pa gilman   
practical programmer a sociopolitical look at open source rl glass  communications-acm   2003.0 
e. cient and e. ective clustering methods for spatial data mining r ng   j han proc . 1994 vldb    
pc pricing reconsidered : free nt test drive debuts â ?? sj johnston  computerworld    
some problems in the philosophy of science of organizations the academy of management review   1978.0 o behling   
fatige performance of waterjet peened aluminum alloy : preliminary results [ a ] proceedings d the international symposium on new & hellip ;   m ramulu   m jenkins   s kunapomâ ? ¦   
californiaâ ?? s evolving water markets a case study from 1977 to 2000 . & hellip ; association international conferences   seattle   washington   & hellip ;   rj mccann   e cutter   
the structure of science e nagel  1961.0 
environmental justice : environmental adult education at the confluence of oppressions new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 rj hill   
efficient processing of spatial joins using r-trees t brinkhoff   hp kriegel   b seeger    
wherefore and what now   uml ? for systems architects   it is the best chance yet at a common language d melewski  application development trends   1999.0 
query routing in the terradir distributed directory b silaghi   b bhattacharjee   p keleher submitted for publication     2001.0 
equilibrium policy experiments and the evaluation of social programmes   ottawa j lise   s seitz   j smith social research and demonstration corporation    
free theorems in the presence of seq p johann   j voigtlander   
zur verbreitung und oekologie endophytischer pilze o petrini 1984.0    
understanding and using action research in practice settings gw kuhne   ba quigley  new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
epiploic appendagitis : a new diagnosis for the emergency physician . two case reports and a review - dr vinson journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
early hash join : a configurable algorithm for the efficient and early production of join results r lawrence proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
jeffrey . s. vitter . scalable sweeping-based spatial join proceedings of the 24th vldb l arge   o procopiuc   s ramaswamy   t suel   
a dynamic state of charge model for electric vehicle batteries proc . int . electric vehicle symp   sk song   kh kim   
petra todd ( 2000a ) : â ?? progressing through progresa : an impact assessment of mexicoâ ?? s school unpublished j behrman   p sengupta   
coding constructions for blacklisting problems without computational assumptions r kumar   s rajagopalan   a sahai lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
toward the evolution of dynamical neural networks for minimally cognitive behavior rd beer   
very large databases in a commercial application environment kh hess proceedings of the 22th international conference on very & hellip ;   1996.0    
resistivity pre-investigations for the hallandsã ¥ s railway tunnel t dahlin   r sturk  sweden . procs . underground    
multiresolution video segmentation using wavelet transformation proc . spie   1997.0 h yu   w wolf   
smoking cessation for the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 j critchley   s capewell   
dasd tuning | understanding the basics   '' mg baker proceedings international conference on management and  
building a scalable geo-spatial database system : technology   implementation   and evaluation proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   j patel   j yu   n kabra   k tufte   b nag   j burger     
an advanced calibrator for dynamic wind-tunnel experiments 1979.0 es hanff & hellip ; symposium   25 th   anaheim   calif   proceedings . part 1    
satisfying the constraints of causal modeling cs reichardt   hf gollob 1986.0  new directions for program evaluation    
an integration architecture for user-centric document creation   retrieval   and analysis r witte proceedings of the vldb workshop on information integration    
cell rate moderation of vbr video under an fec environment in atm networks a alheraish   dg smith computer networks     2000.0 
the pyramid-technique : towards breaking the curse of dimensional data spaces s berchtold   d keim   hp kriegel proc . acm sigmod int . conf . managment of data   seattle      
identifizierung eines neuen sexualpheromons aus sicherungsfã $ den der tropischen jagdspinne 1989.0 m papke   s schulz   h tichy   e gingl   r ehn md    
cultural institutions as structures for cognitive change d carr 1992.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
oasis : an online and accurate technique for local-alignment searches on biological databases c meek   j patel   s kasetty proceedings of the conference on very large databases ( vldb  
understanding causes and generalizing about them new directions for program mw lipsey   lb sechrest   ag scott   
diagnosis in organisational process design submitted for p ramos   jl fiadeiro   
partition based spatial-merge join   acm sigmod intl conference on management of data   jm patel   dj dewitt   
fuzzy neural network aided adaptive extended kalman filtering for gps navigation dj jwo   hc huang submitted for  
global optimization using interval analysis . m er hansen new york    
si-y . dynamic buer allocation in video-on-demand systems sh lee   ys moon   ky whang technical report 00-11-006   advanced information technology    
a theory of quality management underlying the deming management method jc anderson   m rungtusanatham   rg schroeder the academy of management review     1994.0 
on counting ac 0 circuits with negated constants proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on & hellip ;   a ambainis   dam barrington   h lethanh   
modular specification of hybrid systems in charon r alur   r grosu   y hur   v kumar   i lee lecture notes in computer science   2000.0    
new measure of daily coping : development and preliminary results journal of personality and social psychology   aa stone   jm neale   
phase-matched filtering with a one degree dispersion model proceedings of the 23rd seismic research review   jl stevens   da adams   ge baker   
exploiting uml in the design of multi-agent systems lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 f bergenti   a poggi   
understanding ` variation ' in component-based development : case findings from practice m lycett information & software technology   2001.0 
report # uwfdm-984 university of wisconsin   jj macfarlane   ga moses   rr petersen   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?covering points in the plane by k-tours : towards a polynomial time approximation scheme for t asano   n katoh   h tamaki   t tokuyama  proc . 29th stoc    
use of iron oxide-coated media for nom sorption and particulate filtration university of washington   yj chang   cw li   mm benjamin   
a comparison of equating and calibration methods for the test of spoken english db marr  unpublished manuscript    
estimating functions of mixed ordinal and categorical variables jh friedman stanford university   technical report no. 108   june    
a monadic framework for subcontinuations rk dybvig   a sabry  submitted for publication   2004.0 
the learning-curve method applied to clustering c meek   b thiesson   d heckerman    
data mining with optimized two-dimensional association rules acm transactions on database systems   t fukuda   y morimoto   s morishita   t tokuyama  2001.0 
on the use of gamma rays in low temperature calorimetry n kurti   fe simon phil . mag      
approximation algorithms for projective clustering pk agarwal   cm procopiuc   
data intensive production systems : the dips approach tk sellis   cc lin   l raschid sigmod record   1989.0    
dynamic buffer management for near video-on-demand systems multimedia tools and applications   1998.0 wj tsai   sy lee   
preliminary evaluation of hazard and risk rating variables for mountain pine beetle infestations in gd amman   ja anhold  amman   gene d.   compiler . proceedingsâ ?? symposium on the & hellip ;    
monitors and concurrent pascal : a personal history p brinch hansen  2 ndacm conference on the history of programming languages    
how important are employee benefits to public sector employees ? tj bergmann   ma bergmann   jl grahn 1994.0  public personnel management    
interval arithmetic for computer graphics j snyder  proceedings of acm siggraph    
bourel m   genetet b   fauchet r m simon idiopathic hemoch-romatosis . demonstration of recessive    
proximity search in databases 1998.0 r goldman   n shivakumar   s venkatasubramanian   h vldb    
an expert system coupled with a hierarchical structure of fuzzy neural networks for fault diagnosis jmf calado   jmg sa da costa applied mathematics and computer science   1999.0 
the impact of object technology on commercial transaction processing the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   ee cobb  1997.0 
financial directory of greek companies ( series ) i hellas athens   greece    
clusters of atoms and molecules h haberland  1994.0 
extracting semi-structured information from the web   h garcia-molina   j choâ ? ¦   1997.0 
behavioral   physiological   and lethal effects of suspended sediment 693-727 on juvenile salmonids cc noggle   1978.0 
ferromagnetism in small clusters ( abstract only ) oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   j merikoski   j timonen   m manninen   p jena  1991.0 
kumarv ( 1997 ) scalable parallel data mining for association rules proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of eh han   g karypis   
human impacts on bear habitat use dj mattson international conference on bear research and management      
visual diagnosis in emergency medicine dp davis   sr williams journal of emergency medicine    
social justice and media . media corner . ja braunâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner     1994.0 
techniques for computing iceberg queries efficiently pm tolani  2002.0 
the anticoagulants protein c and protein s display potent antiinflammatory and immunosuppressive ww hancock   a tsuchida   h hau   nm thomson transplantation proceedings   1992.0    
predictive load control for flexible buffer allocation c faloutsos   t sellis vldb     1991.0 
goal-based process analysis j lee  proc . acm conference on organizational computing    
towards a theory of indexability 1997.0 jm hellerstein   e koutsoupias   ch papadimitriou proc . 16th acm sigact { sigmod { sigart symp . on principles of & hellip ;    
steady-state analysis of nonlinear circuits with periodic inputs ( computer aided steady state tj aprille  ieee   proceedings   1972.0 
reforming welfare and rewarding work v knox   c miller   l gennetian  2000.0 
anisotropic coupled-field inclusion and inhomogeneity problems [ j ] li jy   ml dunn phil mag      
a framework for diagnosing changes in evolving data streams cc aggarwal    
the dawn at my back proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 cp blue   
an approximate search engine for structural databases t jason   l wang   x wang   d shasha   ba shapiro   k   2000.0 
research and practice in federated information systems mr ii   gj houben   rd kutsche   k subieta   b rieger 2000.0  sigmod record    
generalizing gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies   1995 l gravano    
gamma echo experiments ( abstract only ) p helisto   i tittonen   m lippmaa   t katila oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0    
more than just a pretty face pc magazine   c petzold   
tigukat : a uniform behavioral objectbase management system . rj peters 1996.0    
going global a cohen pc magazine    
effective inseparability of the sets of identically true and finitely refutable formulae for certain ia lavrov algebra i logika      
particle correlations in hadronic z 0 decays ekg sarkisyan    
somatic embryogenesis and plant regeneration from tissue and cell suspension cultures of selected gs cheema hanover jw   keathley d e. proceedings . conference on genetic & hellip ;    
riemann 's hypothesis and tests for primality gl miller proceedings of seventh annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;   1975.0    
erwerb und vermittlung von wortschatz   iudicium   mã 1/4 nchen   1997 o baeyerlein    
modeling and performance of mac layer of fddi m cerqueiro   k jabbour proceedings of the 23rd asilomar conference on signals    
international conference on the analysis of thermal and energy systems ei yantovskii greg . foundas   athens   greece ( june 3-6      
cross-cultural mentoring as a context for learning j johnson-bailey   rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0    
the process of magnetization by chemical change g haigh phil . mag    
access path selection 111 a relational database management system prcceedmgs of 1979 acm sigmod conference   ( june pg sehnger   mm astrahan   dd chamberhn   ra lone   tg   
particle accelerator physics ii : nonlinear and higher-order beam dynamics h wiedemann   1995.0 
lee . handlingdataskewinmultiprocessor database computers using partition tuning ka huaandc proc . of vldbâ ?? 91    
proximity search in databases . extended version r goldman   n shivakumar   s venkatasubramanian   h technical report   stanford university . available at http : wwwdb .  
f.   w. su   y. sankarasubramaniam and e. ã?ayä ± rcä ±   â ?? wireless sensor networks : a survey   â ?? ä ° akyä ± ldä ± z  computer  
the interplay of affect and cognition in attitude formation and change k edwards  journal of personality and social psychology    
degeneration of abelian varieties g faltings   cl chai   1990.0 
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles nbhp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;      
pediatrics and child abuse h dubowitz   e newberger  see ref    
theories that explain contradiction : accounting for the contradictory organizational consequences of d robey proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1995.0    
academic press t process   e impact san diego   ca      
apolipoprotein e phenotype and renal disease h oda   n yorioka   c ueda   y nishida   m yamakido contributions to nephrology     1997.0 
research methodologies and the doctoral process jw creswell   ga miller new directions for higher education     1997.0 
continuous culture and monitoring of selected and isolated microorganisms on a chip by thermal f arai   a ichikawa   t fukuda   t katsuragi   
studies of no x   co   soot formation and oxidation from a direct injection stratified-charge engine sh mansouri   y bakhshan  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
culture and the development of everyday social explanation jg miller journal of personality and social psychology   1984.0    
on processing xml in ldap proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   pj marron   g lausen  2001.0 
a novel validity index for determination of the optimal number of clusters dj kim   yw park   p dong-jo   
contrastive and counterfactual thinking in causal judgment al mcgill   jg klein  journal of personality and social psychology    
a data transfer protocol v stenning  computer networks    
cdd/cdd # reference manual   ( 0.61 ( cdd ) 0.75 ( cdd # )   ed . ) k fukuda zurich   switzerland : institute for operations research      
viewpoint hypercomputation : hype or computation ? communications-acm   2002.0 c teuscher   m sipper   
eine deklarative komponentenarchitektur und interaktionsbausteine fã 1/4 r dreidimensionale multimediale r dachselt    
alcoholics anonymous as a mutual-help movement : madison 1996.0 k mã $ kelã $   i arminen   k bloomfieldâ ? ¦   
attempts for generalizing the recursive path ordering s kamin   jj levy  unpublished manuscript    
energetic particle ripple loss in iter sv konovalov   e lamzin   k tobita   y gribov    
extracting summary sentences based on the document semantic graph j leskovec   n milic-frayling   m grobelnik   
compound data structure for computer-aided design jc gray acm proceedings    
chemical effects on nuclear transformations ( international atomic energy agency   vienna   1961 ) vol . gt trammell   
differences in commercial database reported earnings : implications for inferences concerning analyst j abarbanell   r lehavy unpublished manuscript   2000.0 
development of a neanthes sediment bioassay for use in puget sound   pti environmental services dm johns   tc ginn & hellip ; for us environmental protection agency   seattle   washington    
open source software development : an overview mw wu   yd lin   
infection in chronic wounds : controversies in diagnosis and treatment g dow   a browne   rg sibbald   
tuning red for web traffic proceedings of acm/sigcomm   mck jeffay   d ott   f smith   
automated laser welding system for drive shaft boot band i maruyama   k fukuda & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry   proceedings   25 th & hellip ;     1992.0 
the role of cd15 - ( le x ) - related carbohydrates in neutrophil adhesion the histochemical journal   ma kerr   s craig stocks  1992.0 
clustering categorical data based on information loss minimization p andritsos   p tsaparas   rj miller   kc sevcik    
estimating the number of clusters in a dataset via the gap statistic g statistic   r tibshirani   g walther   t hastie  2000.0 
estimate of the attentuation of x-rays by ultradispersed media va artemâ ?? ev   ni sokolovskii  at .  
gloss to vectorspace databases and broker hierarchies glgmh generalizing proc . of very large database conference   zurich . switzerland      
beyond market baskets : generalizing association rules to correlations b sergey   m rajeev   s craig proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;      
an analysis pattern for reservation and use of entities eb fernandez   x yuan procs . of pattern languages    
instrumental methods of chemical analysis c gurdeep   a sham   1990.0 
knowledge-directed learning using multiple levels of pattern description em soloway university of massachusetts coins technical  
changes in the region of the choriocapillaris in ageing and degeneration shimizu   k oosterhuis   j sh sarks proceedings of the 23rd concilium ophthalmologicum   kyoto   & hellip ;    
virtual io : preemptible disk access proceedings of the tenth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2002.0 z dimitrijeviä ?   e chang   
personal involvement as a determinant of argument-based persuasion re petty   jt cacioppo   r goldman journal of personality and social psychology    
mac graw hill   2001 j rojo    
the extremal function for kâ ?? 8 minors zx song    
processing xml in ldap and its application to caching pj marron phd thesis   universitat freiburg   october    
two cases of methemoglobinemia from the use of topical anesthetics g carlson   e negri   a mcgrew   b plaisier 2003.0  journal of emergency nursing    
efficient proofs that a committed number lies in an interval f boudot  lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
learning from experience : managerial interpretations of past and future information technologies ll martins   a kambil    
social facilitation and inhibition of emotional expression and communication journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0 r buck   ji losow   mm murphy   p costanzo   
experiments on galvanic electricity w nicholson   a carlisle   w cruickshank  phil . mag    
a multicast control scheme for parallel software-only video effects processing k patel   la rowe proceedings of acm    
experience with the 3-phenylpropionic acid loading test for diagnosis of medium-chain acyl-coa w lehnert  padiatrie und padologie   1993.0 
the r * - tree : an efficient androbust access method for pointsandrectangles acm-sigmod n beckmann   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger   
a first order interval logic unpublished manuscript   z chaochen   mr hansen   
a martingale framework for concept change detection in time-varying data streams ss ho    
the aftermarket performance of initial public offerings in latin america r aggarwal   r leal   l hernandez   
applications of murphyâ ?? s elements p diaconis   c greene technical report 335   dept. of statistics   stanford university      
structure and ostension in the interpretation of discourse deixis bl webber 1990.0  new york times    
program development and performance monitoring on the monsoon dataflow multiprocessor . computation gm papadopoulos  1989.0 
selective markov models for predicting web page accesses m deshpande   g karypis acm transactions on internet technology   2004.0 
t.   sherman   r.   and wilson   dv self-similarity through high-variability : statistical analysis of w willinger   s murad proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 95    
third generation tp monitors a database challenge   acm sigmod conference   u dayal   h garcia-molina   m hsu   b kao   mc shan   
clustering methods for large databases : from the past to the future sigmod conference   philadelphia   da keim   a hinneburg   
polarity in bending deformation in insb crystals . ii . theory and supplementary experiments k sumino   h shimizu phil mag    
prrs : diagnosis proceedings of the allen d. leman swine conference   hs joo   
on using partial supervision for text categorization ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 cc aggarwal   sc gates   
of bugs and birds : an introduction to markov chain monte carlo w link   e cam unpublished manuscript    
arithmetic expansions associated with a rotation of the circle and with continued fractions algebra i analiz   a vershik   n sidorov   
â ? ³ implementing large production systems in a dbms environment : concepts and algorithms.â ? ³ acm t sellis   c lin   l raschid sigmod record    
under the spotlight : the impact of media attention on protest policing d wisler   m giugni mobilization-san diego -   1999.0    
the buddy tree : an efficient and robust access method for spatial data base systems   16th int conf . on very large data bases   b seeger   hp kriegel   
room temperature pulsed operation of a gainn multiple-quantum-well laser diode with an optimized f nakamura   t kobayashi   t asatsuma   k funato   k   
organizations unfettered : organizational form in an information-intensive economy j child    
going digital   '' j ozer   i trends pc magazine   april      
children who could have been madison wm epstein 1999.0    
some optimal inapproximability results j h & tad proc . of the 28th annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;      
on the partition of energy cg darwin   rh fowler phil . mag    
fabrication of off-axis holographic fresnel lens used as multiplexer/demultiplexer in optical proceedings of spie   2004.0 x ren   s liu   x zhang   
stanford proposal for internet meta-searching l gravano   kcc chang   h garcia-molina   a paepcke proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod conference    
digital media in america : practices   preferences and policy implications d shah   n kwak   m schmierbach madison   wisconsin : university of wisconsin-madison    
a matemã ¡ tica da nova economia b lev hsm management    
the national context for reform new directions for higher education   gd davesâ ? ¦  2002.0 
quintary trees : a file structure for multidimensionzil database systems dt lee   ck wong acm transactions on database systems     1980.0 
pnni augmented routing ( par ) and proxy-par . r haas   p droz   d bauer computer networks   2000.0 
multiple tetracycline resistance determinants in streptococcus v burdett   j inamine   s rajagopalan see ref    
parallel data paths in two-headed disk systems a vakali   y manolopoulos  information and software technology   1997.0 
high glucose level and free fatty acid stimulate reactive oxygen species production through protein diabetes-new york -   2000.0 t inoguchi   p li   f umeda   hy yu   m kakimoto   m   
a comparison of empirical and model-driven optimization k yotov   x li   g ren   m cibulskis   g dejong   m    
expert aided sequential design of multivariable systems jm boyle   
dynamic itemset countingand implication rules for market basket data & hellip ; of the acm international conference on management of data ( & hellip ;   s brin   r motwani   j ullman   s tsur   
the open channel c mccabe ieee computer      
current shifts in abrupt climate change : na conveyor    
foreign collaborations in india a study of patterns in the pre and the post-liberalisation era k kumar    
a theory-refinement approach to information extraction t eliassi-rad   j shavlik    
packet loss effects on mpeg video sent over the public internet jm boyce   rd gaglianello   
designing survivable networks using effective routing and wavelength assignment ( rwa ) e modiano   a narula-tam   
social and cultural implications of implementing â ?? a conservation strategy for the northern spotted rg lee seattle   washington    
toward optimal active learning through monte carlo estimation of error reduction n roy   a mccallum   
queueing network models for concurrent transaction processing in a database system proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference kb irani   hl lin   
concurrent object-oriented programming using term graph rewriting techniques   1996 ga papadopoulos information and software    
on the c-theorem in more than two dimensions   int . conf . \ \ non-perturbative quantum effects 2000 ''   a cappelli   g dã cents   rg appollonio   n magnoli  ed . d. bernard and b. julia   jhep proceedings  
a communication media i/o server and its synchronization mechanisms dp anderson   g homsy  ieee computer    
nuclear relaxation and electronic correlations in quasi-one-dimensional organic conductors . ii . j. phys . i france   1993.0 p wzietek   f creuzet   
optimal allocation of resources in distributed information networks s mahmoud   js riordon acm transactions on database systems     1976.0 
application for research collaboration m female    
going beyond the information given : the relation of illusory visual motion to brain activity 1993.0 s zeki   jdg watson   rsj frackowiak proceedings : biological sciences    
a hierarchical framework for stream habitat classification : viewing streams in a watershed context ca frissell   wj liss   ce warren   md hurley environmental management   1986.0 
inelastic scattering of neutrons ( international atomic energy agency   vienna   1965 ) w cochran  vol .  
how high is up ? calibrating social comparison in the real world ta nosanchuk   bh erickson  journal of personality and social psychology    
haas lm   tiwary a.   eds rj bayardo   emlp from databases & hellip ; international conference on management of data   seattle    
direct determination of lead in sugars using graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrometry nj miller-ihli   fe greene  at spectrosc.    
floorplan representations : complexity and connections b yao   h chen   ck cheng   r graham acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems   2003.0 
c and lam s. authentication for distributed systems t woo  ieee computer    
the gih-tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger proceedings of acm    
m stonebraker m 1991 segment indexes : dynamic indexing techniques for multi-dimensional interval proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on the management cp kolovson   
towards interoperability in digital libraries a paepcke   s cousins   h garcia-molina   
automation in information extraction and data integration s sarawagi vldb    
some dynamical illustrations of the pressure of radiation and of adiabatic invariance th havelock  phil . mag    
building applications for ubiquitous computing environments in international conference on pervasive ck hess   m roman   rh campbell zurich   switzerland   august    
system-level power optimization : techniques and tools l benini   g de micheli acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems   2000.0    
hydroj : object-oriented pattern matching for evolvable distributed systems k lee   a lamarca   c chambers    
axiomatization of dynamic schema evolution in objectbases rj peters    
gm and merialdo   p. 1997 . to weave the web p atzeni 23rd international conference on very large databases ( vldb    
andravikrishnamurthy . towards an open architecture for ldl rg danettechimenti  proc . 15th international conference on very large data  
optimal decentralized termination protocols for partition failures d cheung   t kameda  submitted for  
social learning theory as a framework for the study of adult personality development im ahammer see ref    
the r - tree : an efficient and robust access methodforpointsandrectangles n beckmann   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger proc . 1990 acm-sigmodint . conf . management of  
chemical models of protein beta-sheets js nowick  acc . chem . res    
radio-chemistry division bhabha atomic research centre   trombay   bombay   r chakravarty   rj singh   ss rattan   
on the road to cultural bias . media corner . b bigelowâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1996.0    
calibrating inpuff-2 by resident-panelists for long-distance odor dispersion from animal feedlots ld jacobson   h guo   dr schmidt   re nicolai procs . of the 2 ndinternational conference on air pollution from  
density-connected subspace clustering for high-dimensional data k kailing   hp kriegel   p kroger    
a pattern system for the development of collaborative applications la guerrero   da fuller information & software technology   2001.0    
efficient time-domain bandwidth allocation for video-on-demand systems k chang   h kung    
xml type checking with macro tree transducers s maneth   a berlea   t perst   h seidl   
growth implosions and debt explosions : do growth slowdowns cause public debt crises ? wr easterly    
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database recovery problem proc . of the acm sigmod conference   minneapolis   minnesota   l gravano   h garcia-molina   a tomasic   
squeezer : an efficient algorithm for clustering categorical data h zengyou   x xiaofei   d shengchun  journal of computer science and technology   2002.0 
queueing model based network server performance control l sha   x liu   y lu   t abdelzaher proceedings of the 23rd ieee real-time systems symposium ( & hellip ;   2002.0 
this work was partially sponsored by the european communities   as an esprit project ( p-530 epsilon ) bonp evaluation  sigmod record   1990.0 
evaluating effectiveness in computing centers a varanelli new directions for program evaluation     1981.0 
general match : a subsequence matching method in time-series databases based on generalized windows sigmod conference   ys moon   ky whang   ws han  2002.0 
omt distinguished scholar lecture m tushman academy of management annual meeting   seattle   washington      
microsoft excel 3 companion 1991.0 df cobb   
comparative study of two congestion pricing schemes : auction and tatonnement x wang   h schulzrinne computer networks     2004.0 
design of pam and pwm controllers for sampled-data interval systems ls shieh   wm wang   jw sunkel proc . spie     1996.0 
dsac : integrity for outsourced databases with signature aggregation and chaining 2005.0 m narasimha   g tsudik proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
managerial effectiveness 1970.0 wj reddin   
automatic annotation of data extracted from large web sites l arlotta   v crescenzi   g mecca   p merialdo   
multidatabase interoperability in the jupiter system 1995.0 j murphy   j grimson information and software technology    
partition based spatial-merge join dj dewitt   jm patel  proceedings of the 1996 acmsigmod conference   montreal   & hellip ;    
topics in decision-theoretic troubleshooting : repair and experiment js breese   d heckerman   
attachment styles   coping strategies   and posttraumatic psychological distress : the impact of the m mikulincer   v florian   a weller journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
effect of temperature on the extraction of uranium ( vi ) from nitric acid by tri-n-butylphosphate sv bagawde   prv rao   vv ramakrishna   sk patil  barc-952   bhabha atomic research centre   bombay   india    
the determinants of executive compensation in family-controlled public corporations lr gomez-mejia   m larraza-kintana   m makri academy of management journal     2003.0 
k-means projective clustering pk agarwal   nh mustafa  & hellip ; of the twenty-third acm sigmod-sigact-sigart symposium on & hellip ;   2004.0 
delays in implementing admission orders for critical care patients associated with length of stay in k clark   lb normile journal of emergency nursing   2002.0 
die entwicklung und anwendung von rechenverfahren und rechenprogrammen zur strukturanalyse von w steigemann technical university   mdnchen   frg      
on pairs of once punctured tori unpublished t jrgensen   
graph structure in the web www9 / computer networks   a broder   r kumar   f maghoul   p raghavan   s  2000.0 
integrating destructive assignment and lazy evaluation in the multiparadigm language g-2 j placer acm sigplan notices     1992.0 
a cost model for clustered object-oriented databases g gardarin   jr gruser   zh tang  proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;   1995.0 
the structure of an electromagnetic field in the neighbourhood of a cusp of a caustic t pearcey phil . mag      
utilization of a glucagon infusion in the management of a massive nifedipine overdose j papadopoulos   mg oneil  journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
case implementation : accounting for the human element gfn corbitt   j ron information and software technology     1991.0 
experimental set-up for measurement of gpr antenna radiation pattern r de jong   a yarovoy   l ligthart  proc . of the 28th european microwave conference . amsterdam    
linking web servers with live data ds linthicum  pc magazine    
similarity query processing using disk arrays a papadopoulos   y manolopoulos    
bridging the gap between past and future in re : a scenario-based approach p haumer   p heymans   m jarke   k pohl    
muã ± oz   '' tigukat : a uniform behavioral objectbase management system mt ã?zsu   r peters   d szafron   b irani   a lipka vldb    
k   s. schlosser   competitive transport of mineral acids in pertraction and extraction of organic l kubiå ¡ ov   j mart  proc . 28th int . conf . sschi   full texts on cd  
impact of a sexual responsibility program on young males adolescence-san diego -   e gottsegen   ww philliber  2001.0 
trees   '' proc . acm/ieee design automation conf   a vittal   m marek-sadowska   mdidu alphabetic   
using transposition for pattern discovery from microarray data f rioult   jf boulicaut   b cremilleux   j besson    
ethical decision making by individuals in organizations : an issue-contingent model tm jones the academy of management review     1991.0 
monte carlo rã ? c b engels  statistical tests for categorical data   1988.0 
discovery of multiple-level rule s from large database j han   y fu   
a constitution for knaves b frey university of zurich   switzerland . unpublished paper      
acyclovir therapy of epstein-barr virus-induced posttransplant lymphoproliferative diseases transplant proc   dw hanto   g frizzera   kj gajl-peczalska   hh   
computing iceberg queries ecientlyproc . 1996 int m fang   n shivakumar   hg molina   r motwani   jd conf . very large data bases      
awlp : building a custom wireless access point using open source software a ã?akircali   2005.0 
the japan cache project : an experiment on domain cache m nabeshima www6 / computer networks     1997.0 
organizational inertia and momentum : a dynamic model of strategic change d kelly   tl amburgey 1991.0  the academy of management journal    
shaping written knowledge : the genre and activity of the experimental article in science madison c bazerman  wisconsin   university of wisconsin press   356p    
the politics and development of the federal income tax madison 1985.0 j witte   
concurrency control in database systems : a step towards the integration of optimistic methods and g lausen  proceedings of the  
hmong parent education and involvement and its impact on children : a correlational study ca bondioli 2000.0    
lake property owners in northern wisconsin l klessig  an inland demonstration project report   madison    
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database discovery problems lgh garcia-molina   a tomasic i > proc . sigmod conf.   < / i > acm press   new york    
creeping flow of a shear-thinning fluid past a speherical vapor cavity ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   fa jamjoom  1986.0 
newblock the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles proc . 1990 n beckmann   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger   
bench testing of a sock-type catch basin insert for removal of free petroleum r hrachovec   g minton plantcpr   seattle   washington      
supersymmetry and supergravity   '' 260 pages 2nd rev. a edition ( march 3   1992 ) princeton univ pr j bagger   j wess    
development of a profile approach to learning style diagnosis unpublished manuscript   me ehrman   bl leaver   
intergenerational transmission of welfare participation : how large is the causal link ? c ratcliffe unpublished manuscript      
interventions for preventing and treating pelvic and back pain in pregnancy 2002.0 g young   d jewell cochrane database syst rev    
thin is back sb howard pc  
behavioral genetics r plomin   
sabre flies to open systems gh anthes computerworld    
adaptive design of locomotion and foot form in prosobranch gastropods sel miller 1972.0    
a region splitting strategy for physical database design of multidimensional file organizations jh lee   yk lee   ky whang 1997.0  vldb    
madison 1988.0 sw knowledge   
irani . combinatorialandexperimentalresults for randomized point matching algorithms p raghavanands  proc . 12th . acm . scg    
variability and models of the effective quantum yield of carbon assimilation in the sargasso sea jc sorensen   1996.0 
graph structure in the web a tomkins   j wiener  computer networks    
campus environmental stewardship . new directions for higher education   dj eagan  1992.0 
injury prevention coordinator : an opportunity for emergency nurses 1996.0 ka hansen   se shapiro journal of emergency nursing    
the determination of efficient record segmentations and blocking factors for shared data files 1977.0 st march   dg serverance acm transactions on database systems    
efficient user-adaptable similarity search in large multimedia databases vldb   t seidl   hp kriegel  1997.0 
a cmos rf rms detector for built-in testing of wireless transceivers a valdes-garcia   r venkatasubramanian   r    
desrgn of an external schema faclhty to defme and process recursive structures acm trans on database systems   e clemons   
a model for circadian oscillations in the drosophila period protein ( per ) a goldbeter  proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
jointschedulingand admissioncontrolforats-based switching nodes jm hyman   aa lazar   g pacifici  proceedings of acm sigcomm    
global ecological democracy js dryzek  see low    
concepts and experiments in computational reflexion p maes proceedings of acm oopsla      
bricksâ ?? n clicks . l stevens pc magazine   june    
upper cambrian-lowermost ordovician stratigraphy and microbialites of the great basin   usa rs shapiro 1998.0    
a survey of cache coherence for multiprocessors p stenstrom ieee computer    
partition testing with usage models k sayre   jh poore   
penicillin tolerance and bacterial endocarditis lancet i   1980.0 y holloway   j dankert   j hess   
a study of subcrustal earthquake pair occurrences in the vrancea ( romania ) region v mã cents rza   z malita proc . xxiv gen. assembly esc   athens   greece    
deterministic capacity expansion under deterioration s rajagopalan management science   1992.0    
correlations between organochlorine contaminants and health indicators in loggerhead sea turtles jm keller   jr kucklick   mm peden-adams   ma stamper proceedings of setac 23rd annual meeting in north america      
the incubation period   serial interval and lifetime risks of developing tuberculosis e vynnycky   pem fine   
identification of abuse in emergency departments : effectiveness of a two-question screening tool journal of emergency nursing   1995.0 j mcfarlane   l greenberg   a weltge   m watson   
the structure of cedar dc swinehart   pt zellweger   rb hagmann   
suitability of data models as canonical models for federated databases f saltor   m castellanos  sigmod record   1991.0 
the organizational and informational context of large business system integration projects rm mattison sigmod record     1987.0 
to weave the web p atzeni   g mecca   p merialdo 1997.0  vldb    
seabirds as monitors of changing marine environments rw furness   dn nettleship proc int ornithol congr symp    
extraction of focal lengths from the fundamental matrix unpublished manuscript   1993.0 r hartley   
pattern recognition using a family of design algorithms based upon the generalized probabilistic s katagiri   bh juang   ch lee 1998.0  proceedings-ieee    
a designer for dbms-processing logical database structures k irani   s purkayastha   tj teo-rey proc 5th int . conf . very large data bases ( acm )   oct      
fixation and isolation of microorganisms by local viscosity control of methyl cellulose solution f arai   a ichikawa   t fukuda   t katsuragi procs . of the micro total analysis    
evolving greenfield passive optical networks bt technology journal   e bonsma   n karunatillake   r shipman   m shackleton  2003.0 
efficient algorithm for projected clustering enk ka   aw fu    
democracy and punishment t dumm university of wisconsin    
an approximate search engine for structural databases jtl wang   x wang   d shasha   ba shapiro   k zhang proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod int . conf . on management & hellip ;     2000.0 
an overview of commercial electronic document delivery suppliers and services sp price   a morris   je davies electronic library      
c k-smoothness of invariant curves in a global saddle-node bifurcation j. diff . eq t young  1995.0 
statically checkable pattern abstractions . in the acm sigplan international conference on functional 1997.0 m fahndrich   j boyland   
t1gukat : a uniform behavioral objectbase management system mt ozsu   r peters   d szafron   b irani   a lipka   a vldb journal    
improvement of a digital pid algorithm with rate limitation on mv change proc . 28th sice annual conference   k hiroi   k nagakawa   
information extraction from web pages based on k-testable tree automaton inference r kosala   h blockeel   m bruynooghe   j van den  2002.0 
oral protein calorie supplementation for children with chronic disease vj poustie   rl smyth   rm watling cochrane database syst rev   2002.0    
fast algorithms for projective clustering cc aggarwal   cm procopiuc   jl wolf   ps yu   js park proc . of acm-sigmod intl. conf . on management of data      
discovery chemistry : a laboratory-based approach to general chemistry ma ditzler   rw ricci new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0    
field experiments in charitable contribution : the impact of social influence on the voluntary 2005.0 j shang   r croson unpublished manuscript    
towards a pattern language for web services architecture a arsanjani    
evaluation of a laparoscopic video trainer with in-built measures of performance j hance   r aggarwal   s undre   h patel   a darzi proc . 13th sls meeting and endoexpo 29th septemberâ ?? 2nd & hellip ;    
flexible open caching for the web sj caughey   db ingham   mc little 1997.0  www6 / computer networks    
sterowanie w energoelektronice i napedzie elektrycznym b grzesik   j junak   z kaczmarczyk  1995.0 
measurement of the effective fraction of delayed neutrons by the î ± - rossi method at . va dulin   gm mikhailov   
management misinformation systems rl ackoff 1967.0  management science    
a commercial back-end data base system vldb   1981.0 jp armisen   jy caleca   
scanningaugermicroscopyoflaser-producedcuionsimplanted in silicon am mezzasalma   l torrisi   s gammino   g mondio   g  proc . 28th eclim    
broker design skills as a key driver in the formation of new product development networks : a d murphy   a lewis   r brown & hellip ; of the portland international conference on management of & hellip ;      
intermittent transition to turbulence in dissipative dynamical systems communications in mathematical physics   y pomeau   p manneville  1980.0 
edi : still awaiting take-off but already flying high p burrows  electronic business    
free radical chem.   1 ( 1965 ) 1 ; c. walling acc . chem . res   a trotman-dickenson   
issues in the design and specification of class libraries g kiczales   j lamping proceedings of oopsla   1992.0    
architecture of an open object-oriented database management system dl wells   ja blakeley   cw thompson   
eflective memory we in a media server proceedings of the 233rd vldb conference   e chang   h garcia-molina   
â ?? radioactive change e rutherford   f soddy  phil . mag    
improving a product with usage-based testing a kouchakdjian   r fietkiewicz information & software technology   2000.0    
nothing worthwhile without great effort . rl hess new directions for higher education   1988.0 
a framework for projected clustering of high dimensional data streams proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 c aggarwal   
directory of evaluation training programs new directions for program evaluation   1986.0 rm may   m fleischer   cj scheirer   gb cox   
pattern classification and scene analysis ro duda   pe hart 1973.0    
efficient data aggregation middleware for wireless sensor networks m kumar   l schwiebert   m brockmeyer    
a computational techniquefor inverse kinematics pages 1359â ?? 1363of : proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference & hellip ;   wa wolovich   h elliott   
automata for modelling real-time systems . icalpâ ?? 1990   lncs 443 r alur   dl dill    
a theory of correct locking protocols for database systems ds fussell   zm kedem vldb   1981.0    
bidirectional migration of seqa-bound hemimethylated dna clusters and pairing of oric copies in s hiraga   c ichinose   t onogi   h niki   m yamazoe genes to cells     2000.0 
arena : adaptive distributed catalog infrastructure based on relevance networks 2005.0 v zadorozhny   a gal   l raschid   q ye proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;    
k.   garcia-molina   h.   and paepcke   a. ( 1997 ) . starts : stanford proposal for internet metasearching l gravano   cc chang acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
effficient importance sampling for monte carlo evaluation of exceedance probabilities hp chan   tl lai 2004.0    
short programs for functions on curves v miller unpublished manuscript   1986.0    
constraint-based rule mining in large   dense databases [ r ] rj bayardo jr   r agrawal   d gunopulos ibm almaden research center research report      
thermal diffusion and chemical kinetics in laminar biomaterial due to heating by a mark-iii free - ms hutson   sa hauger   g edwards   
beyond market baskets : generalizing association rules to correlations c silverstein   r motwani   s brin  proc . acm sigmod conf    
blaming the victim : complex ( nonlinear ) patterns of causal attribution by nurses in response to ml lanza   j carifio journal of emergency nursing     1991.0 
efficient query refinement for image retrieval   ieee conf . on comp c nastar   m mitschke   c meihac vis . and pattern recognition   santa barbara   california    
stereotypic biases in social decision making and memory : testing process models of stereotype use gv bodenhausen  journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
electric shock   part ii : nature and mechanisms of injury r fish  journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
an in-vitro immunological assay for diagnosis of coeliac disease lancet i   1978.0 a ashkenazi   d idar   zt handzel   m ofarim   s levin   
the small gtp-binding protein rho1 is a multifunctional protein that regulates actin localization   1997.0 k nakano   r arai   i mabuchi genes to cells    
inheritance and persistence in database programming languages p buneman   m atkinson proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1986.0 
sql table function open architecture and data access middleware h pirahesh   b reinwald   1998.0 
bernhard â ?? the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectanglesâ ?? n beckmann   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of  
on k-anonymity and the curse of dimensionality cc aggarwal proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
efficient transient simulation oflossyinterconnect proc . 28th acmieee design automation conf.   june   js roychowdhury   do pederson   
building community capacity 2001.0 rj chaskin   p brown   sa venkatesh   a vidal   
implementation intentions and effective goal pursuit pm gollwitzer   v brandstaetter  journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
time constrained allocation and assignment techniques for high throughput signal processing w geurts   f catthoor   h de man   l imec  design automation conference   1992 . proceedings.   29th acm / & hellip ;   1992.0 
software technologies created in japan t takeshita information and software technology   1996.0 
on the identification of categories and choices for specification-based test case generation information and software technology   ty chen   pl poon   sf tang   th tse  2004.0 
active measurement for multiple link failures diagnosis in ip networks hx nguyen   p thiran lecture notes in computer science   2004.0    
interactive collaborative media environments dm traill   jd bowshill   pj lawrence 1997.0  bt technology journal    
episode matching g das   r fleischer   l gasieniec   d gunopulos   j lecture notes in computer science     1997.0 
open stope cavity monitoring for the control of dilution and ore loss ap jarosz   l shepherd    
efficient construction of regression trees with range and region splitting m yasuhiko   i hiromu   m shinichi proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference   1997.0 
final report on a demonstration project at madison   wisconsin to investigate milling of solid wastes jj reinhardt   rk ham final report on work performed under demonstration grant & hellip ;    
withdrawal fees any partial withdrawal fees or surrender charges must be set forth on the s charges    
from particles to fluid r esposito   m pulvirenti  to  
the risam storage manager for parallel architectures a tulshibagwale   s parikh   s mahajan   t tambay   kc parallel and distributed information systems   1994.   & hellip ;      
shallow parsing with conditional random fields f sha   f pereira proceedings of hltnaacl     2003.0 
the pc magazine guide to voice and data integration pc magazine   november   m dubash   r goodwins   a stevens   
immune neglect : a source of durability bias in affective forecasting journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 dt gilbert   ec pinel   td wilson   sj blumberg   tp   
back-off smoothing in a syntactic approach to language modelling g bordel   i torres   e vidal proc . icslp      
going electronic ? receipt of print journal issues and their electronic availability s shaffer   ss berteaux   b oswald    
short course antibiotics for acute otitis media al kozyrskyj   ge hildes-ripstein   se longstaffe   cochrane database syst rev   2000.0    
notkin   decoupling change from design m van hilst proc . acm sigsoft      
effective single-group diffusion coefficient of neutrons in reactor lattices ni laletin   vf boyarinov  at .  
online aggregation m raitner    
persistent linda : linda + transactions + query processing b anderson   d shasha lecture notes in computer science   1992.0    
the display style file sources are contained in the source directory graphics d styles    
three-dimensional ct images of shock waves and vortices discharged from open ends h honma   t yoshimura   t kaneta   t morioka   k maeno proceedings of the 23rd issw   fort  
advanced technology seminar : application servers and associated technologies c mohan 19 thieee international conference on data engineering ( icde & hellip ;    
kernel method for percentile feature extraction b scholkopf   j platt   aj smola    
on sensor fusion between a pair of heterogeneous robots l andersson    
secondary injury mechanisms in acute spinal cord injury w young  journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
auld leaky : a contextual open hypermedia link server dt michaelides   de millard   mj weal   d deroure lecture notes in computer science     2002.0 
sniffer tracks more than just web hits c babcock  computerworld    
analysts and clients in conversation : cases in early requirements gathering c urquhart   
control of minor criminal sexual compulsions with imipramine and amine oxidase inhibitors & hellip ; congress of psychiatry   montreal   canada ( june 4-10   1961 )   rd goldner   
one-stop automation ? a few leading vendors are emerging for semiconductor fab automation   as the r arensman 2002.0  electronic business    
non-linear time-series models of ethernet traffic k chandra   c you   g olowoyeye   c thompson   
voice over ip . mitp rd kã ¶ hler  2002.0 
wavesurfer-an open source speech tool k sjã ¶ lander   j beskow   
open source buildingâ ?? reinventing places of living k larson   s intille   tj mcleish   j beaudin   re 2004.0  bt technology journal    
gathering correlated data in sensor networks p rickenbach   r wattenhofer proceedings of acm  
a lexicograc method for recognizing proper interval graphs   proper circular arc graphs and p hell   j huang    
clustering methods for large databases : from the past to the future sigmod conference   a hinneburg   da keim  1999.0 
penalized regression splines d ruppert   r carroll  unpublished manuscript   1997.0 
assessing the effectiveness of social programs : methodological and conceptual issues l sechrest   we yeaton  new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
topics in combinatorial games jm ettinger   1996.0 
macromolecules 2004 y li   ya akpalu    
clustering techniques for large data setsâ ?? from the past to the future da keim   a hinneburg 1999.0  conference on knowledge discovery in data    
automatic subspace clustering of high dimensional data for data mining application proc . acm sigmod conf   r aggarwal   j gehrke   d gunopulos   p raghavan   
impacts from the youth incentive entitlement pilot projects : participation   work   and schooling over g farkasâ ? ¦ 1982.0    
proximity search in databases g bhalotia  b. tech . project   iit-bombay    
ecological methodology : harper and row cj krebs new york      
a note on `` beyond market baskets : generalizing association rules to correlations '' km ahmed   y taha    
blurring the lines : the convergence of higher education and corporate universities j cobb   m nelson  at issue    
benchmarking internet servers on superscalar machines y luo   j rubio   
si-y . dynamic buffer allocation in video-on-demand systems sh lee   ys moon   ky whang  technical report 00-11-006   advanced information technology  
interval logics for temporal specification and verification ys ramakrishna  1994.0 
a model of associative memory k nakano   j nagumo iyodenshi to seitai kogaku   1972.0 
punti funzione uml : stato dellâ ?? arte e ipotesi di modelli di valutazione g calavaro   g cantone   d pace  procs . of aica03   trento   italy   sept    
milestones in the open-source movement pc magazine ( march )   l seltzer   
distributed multimedia transmission from multiple servers a majumdar   r puri   k ramchandran    
scottshenker   and lixia zhang   â ?? macaw : a media acess protocolforwireless lans â ?? ad vaduvurbharghavan  proceedings of acm sigcomm    
automatic subspace clustering of high dimensional data mining applications proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   r agrawal   j gehrke   d gunopulos   p raghavan   
campylobacter jejuni infection in a research worker associated with exposure to a poultry abattoir m toszeghy   j shreeve   a ridley   g mead   ja    
an improvedapproximationratio for the minimum latencyproblem mgj kleinberg proc . 7th acm-siam  
effective web instruction : handbook for an inquiry-based process 2002.0 t frick   e boling unpublished manuscript    
evolution of neuronal changes in the course of alzheimer 's disease h braak   e braak 1998.0  journal of neural transmission supplementum    
using catalogues to track institutional viability and change . mj amey  new directions for higher education   1992.0 
an advanced software environment for transnetwork computing r kannan   kj cleetus   r reddy submitted for  
page allocation to reduce access time of physical pages technical report csl-tr-90-454   stanford university   bk bray   wl lynch   mj flynn   
decentralized multi-echelon supply chains : incentives and information h lee   s whang management science     1999.0 
computer aided design and fabrication of partial foot prosthesis da boone   d mathews   d smith  proceedings of the 23rd aaop annual meeting & scientific & hellip ;    
small-depth counting networks m klugerman    
on the dilatancy of media composed of rigid particles in contact . with experimental illustrations o reynolds phil . mag    
adaptable similarity search in large image databases t seidl   hp kriegel   
in the midst of winter : living   dying and grieving in the context of aids . [ videocassette ] lc dick seattle   washington : northwest aids video project      
query flocks : a generalization of association-rule mining s abitboul   c clifton   r motwani   s nestorov   d  & hellip ; of the acm international conference on management of data (  
utilisation of vesicular-arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in citrus orchards t ishii   k kadoya proc . int . soc . citriculture    
scalable sweeping-based spatial join t suel   js vitter   
embedded application design using a real-time os   dacâ ?? 99â ?? design automation conference   new d stepner   n rajan   d hui  proceedings   acm press    
multiplier verification using bdds jr burch  proc . 28th design automation conf    
i. uchida   vd neff acc . chem . res   k itaya   
cost-based selection of path expression in object-oriented databases proc . 22nd international conference on very large data bases g gardarin   j gruser   z tang   
dietary cation-anion difference : preventing milk fever dk beede feed management    
on bayesian interval prediction of future records ek al-hussaini   aa ahmad   2001.0 
dynamic parsers and evolving grammars acm sigplan notices   s cabasino   ps paolucci   gm todesco  1992.0 
programming for multiple monitors in windows 98 p modzelewski pc  
ypaâ ?? an intelligent directory enquiry assistant bt technology journal   1998.0 a de roeck   u kruschwitz   p neal   p scott   s steel   
the interface chemistry between chalcogenide clusters and open framework chalcogenides . acc . chem . res   2005.0 p feng   x bu   n zheng   
implementation and evaluation of decision trees with range and region splitting y morimoto   t fukuda   s morishita   t tokuyama  constraints   1997.0 
ketorolac versus acetaminophen-codeine in the emergency department treatment of acute low back pain - gd innes   p croskerry   j worthington   r beveridge   journal of emergency medicine   1998.0    
fit   simplicity and risk : multiple paths to strategic it change pw yetton   jf craig   kd johnston 1995.0  proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;    
recognizing userâ ?? s context from wearable sensors : baseline system k mase   b clarkson   a pentland technical report   massachusetts institute of technology media    
invertebrate predator-prey interactions in streams 1997.0 kw kratz   
peer responses to low performers : an attributional model of helping in the context of groups ja lepine   l van dyne academy of management review     2001.0 
clients   servers and broadbandâ ?? making a big difference m russ   ma fisher 2002.0  bt technology journal    
a safety and efficacy study of op-1 as an adjunct to posterolateral lumbar fusion va patel tc   e truummessâ ? ¦ thnorth american spine society meeting   seattle   washington    
applied multivariate data analysis : categorical and multivariate methods/book and disk 1992.0 jd jobson   
reading a set of disk pages 1993.0 b seeger   pa larson vldb    
a hums maintenance credit case study c neubert   b hardman   a hess  european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
tutorial : application servers and associated technologies c mohan sigmod conference   2002.0 
distribution of 137 cs and 90 sr reserves in the techa floodplain in the region of brodokalmak ap govorun   av chesnokov   sb shcherbak  at . energ    
corrosion and hydriding of fuel cladding materials hs gadiyar  & hellip ; atomic research centre   bombay   india   metallurgy div . ) . nov & hellip ;   1985.0 
partition based spatial-merge join jm patel   dj dewitt   
vacuum extraction versus forceps for assisted vaginal delivery rb johanson   bk menon  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
time-correlated single photon counting dv o'connor   d phillips   
the international itb database working group ( 2001 )   â ?? formation condition of internal transport t fukuda proc . 28th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma    
on lines and planes of closest fit to systems in space k pearson phil . mag    
mining association rules with non-uniform privacy concerns y xia   y yang   y chi   
a prosody-only decision-tree model for disfluency detection e shriberg   r bates   a stolcke   
heat transfer and flow characteristics in conductive porous media with energy generation . wu choudhury   1968.0 
a public corporation bw district san    
discovery ofmultiple-level association rules fromlarge databases proc . of the 21st int &#39; l conferenceon very large databases   & hellip ;   j han   y fu   
garc ä ± a-molina   h.   and tomasic   a. 1994 . the effectiveness of gloss for the text database l gravano proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference    
others   image-based homing j hong  proc . int . conf . robotics and automation    
hierarchical compactor design for diagnosis in deterministic logic bist p wohl   ja waicukauski   s patel   c hay   e proceedings of the 23rd ieee vlsi test symposium ( vts &#39; 05 ) - & hellip ;   2005.0 
a proposal for a model psychopharmacology curriculum for psychiatric residents id glick   ds janowsky   c salzman   ri shader neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
prevention of type 2 diabetes : the role of pancreatic b-cell rest ta buchanan   ah xiang   rk peters   sl kjos   a submitted for publication      
on processing xml in ldap pj marrï?n   g lausen  proceedings of the 27th conference on very large data bases  
weave amino acid sequences for protein secondary structure prediction x yang   b wang   
just talk to me : a field study of expertise location finding and sustaining relationships d mcdonald   m ackerman  proc . acm cscw  
clustered principal components for precomputed radiance transfer acm transactions on graphics ( tog )   pp sloan   j hall   j hart   j snyder  2003.0 
axiomatic homotopy theory for operads   preprint 2002   available on http://xxx . lpthe . jussieu . fr / c berger   i moerdijk    
spatial data mining : discovering knowledge of clusters from maps r ng  proc . 1996  
the development and testing of an evaluation instrument for assessing the effectiveness of a child a downer  seattle   washington state    
optimal le distribution for partial match queries mh kim   s pramanik  proceedings of acm sigmod    
engineering federated information systems report of efis '99 workshop g saake   fs ii   m roantree  sigmod record   1999.0 
computer system monitors ieee computer   gj nutt   
on the uniform motion of a sphere through a viscous fluid h lamb phil . mag    
solutions for three regression problems commonly found in meteorological data analysis proceedings of the 23rd conference on agricultural forest & hellip ;   dw meek   jh prueger   
naturliche und sexuelle selektion bei der gelben mistfliege   scathophagastercoraria ( l. ) ( diptera : p jann   1997.0 
an adaptive distributed systems level diagnosis and its implementation r bianchini   r buskens proc . 21st int . symp . fault-tolerant computing    
reconnaissance of the ground-water resources of the ellwood-gaviota area ga miller   jr rapp santa barbara county   california      
interval constraint logic programming f benhamou 1995.0  lecture notes in computer science    
macmahonâ ?? s partition analysis vi : a new reduction theorem ge andrews   p paule   a riese  2000.0 
multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkhoff   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger    
aspects of effective learning environments new directions for adult and continuing education   r hiemstra  1991.0 
toward building more effective learning environments . 1991.0 r hiemstra new directions for adult and continuing education    
numerical study of the steady state uniform flow past a rotating cylinder jc padrino   dd joseph   
dyadic decision trees cd scott 2004.0    
kernel method for percentile feature extraction   technical report msr-tr-2000-22 2000.0 b scholkopf   jc platt   aj smola   
paradoxical embolism : diagnosis and management 2001.0 to cheng journal of emergency medicine    
mining community structure of named entities from free text x li   b liu 2005.0  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
hoeffding inequalities for online aggregation pj haas  computing science and statistics    
spatially-decaying aggregation over a network : model and algorithms e cohen   h kaplan  proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
confidence intervals for factor forecasts with many predictors j bai   s ng unpublished manuscript    
the energy release in the reaction li $ sup 7 $ ( d   p ) li $ sup 8 $ 1950.0 eb paul phil . mag    
molecular beam epitaxial growth of vertical-cavity lasers for optical cummunication mg peters 1995.0    
the pyramid-tree : towards breaking the curse of dimensionality s berchtold   c bã ¶ hm   hp kriegel proc . int . conf . on management of data ( sigmodâ ?? 98 )   & hellip ;    
cyclers : an analysis of the welfare caseload c miller   s leavers 2002.0    
the quantum phisics of atomic frequency standards   ( hilger   bristol   1989 ) j vanier   c audoin  vol .  
an improved method for microscopical diagnosis of intermittent fevers r ross lancet   i      
yu . i. kabanov   et al.   â ?? decommissioning of commercial reactors at the siberian chemical combine   vd bagaev   ii baranov at .    
questioning thrombolytic use for cerebrovascular accidents j li journal of emergency medicine     1998.0 
human service organizations as communities of learning . vj marsick new directions for adult and continuing education   1990.0    
pc docs open : the next step pc magazine   j karney  1993.0 
jet al. multimedia storage servers : a tutorial ieee computer   d gemmed   
calaban a adamson demonstration at birmingham university   england   june    
the r * - tree : an efficientandrobustaccess methodforpoints andrectangles n beckmann   h kriegel   r schneider   b seeger  proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
multiple mammalian proteasomal atpases   but not proteasome itself   are associated with tata-binding y makino   t yoshida   s yogosawa   k tanaka   m genes to cells   1999.0    
intravenous pyelography in penetrating trauma . e tang   t berne journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
the r * tree : an efficient and robust index method for points and rectangles n beckmann   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger acm sigmod conf . on the management of  
airport wlans lack safeguards b brewin   d verton  computerworld    
fat and protein utilization during migratory flight proc . int . ornithol . congr   l jenni   s jenni-eiermann   
fast parallel similarity search in multimedia databases s berchtold sigmod conference   1997.0    
the potential impact of the reperfusion injury on acute and chronic rejection events following organ w land 1994.0  transplantation proceedings    
mos-controlled thyristor turns off 1 mw in 2 mu s. electronic design   1988.0 f goodenough   
tourism and climate change geography   k smith  1986.0 
the efficiency of gloss for the text database discovery problem 1993.0 l gravano   h garcia-molina   a tomasic   
object lifecycles : modeling the world in states m stephen   s sally    
another approach to polychotomous classiã ¿ cation jh friedman  technical report   department of statistics   stanford university    
a software evaluation framework g boloix   np robillard  ieee computer    
particle size measurement and assessment of agglomeration of nanosized particles and their influence proceedings-processing of electroceramics   eds . m. kosec d. & hellip ;   p bowen   
particle flux across the mid-european continental margin an antia   b von bodungen   r peinert  deep-sea research i   1999.0 
enabling component model java   other internet technologies raise the stakes in the effort to smooth p fischer application development trends   2000.0    
constraint-based rule mining in large   dense databases data mining and knowledge discovery   rj bayardo   r agrawal   d gunopulos  2000.0 
the two general activation systems of affect : structural findings   evolutionary considerations   and d watson   d wiese   j vaidya   a tellegen  journal of personality and social psychology    
function of a116v-mirp1   a missense mutation associated with acquired arrhythmia f sesti   gw abbott   j wei   dm roden   alj george     1999.0 
larval fish from the pelagial region of two wisconsin lakes dj faber  1963.0 
fast subsequence matchingin time-seriesdatabases c faloutsos   m ranganathan   y manolopoulos proc . acm sigmod      
the 1992 farrington lecture : drumlin bedforms and related ice-marginal depositional systems in am mccabe  irish geography    
dynamic itemset counting and implication rules for retail data proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . on management of s brin   r motwani   jd ullmanâ ? ¦   
the evolutionary model of design in approaches to computer aided architectural composition jh frazer   jm frazer technical university of bialystok      
torts and tales . teaching about personal injury law in the primary grades . 1996.0 mm peters   ec bjorklun social studies and the young learner    
an axiomatic model of dynamic schema evolution in object-base systems j randal   m peters   t ã?zsu acm transactions on database  
algorithm for compression of stereo image pairs electronic j jiang   
running microsoft excel df cobb   j mynhier 1991.0    
embodiments for mixed presence groupware a tang   c neustaedter 2005.0    
work by secondary school students in scotland j mckechnie   s stack   s hobbs  international journal of educational policy   research and & hellip ;    
enhanced artificial neural network model for chinese economic forecasting q wang   x sun proceedings of the international conference on management & hellip ;    
modulation theory   part i hl van trees   e detection part i      
object and study method of fluviology l chengkun  geography    
bmp signaling is required locally to pattern the dorsal telencephalic midline jm hã © bert   y mishina   sk mcconnell    
resist metrology for lithography simulation   part 2 : development parameter measurements 1996.0 a sekiguchi   ca mack   y minami   t matsuzawa proc . spie    
experiments of a duckbill valve ( dbv ) jet in coflow jhw lee   hw tang   
algorithms for finding attribute valuegroup for binary segmentationof categorical databases t tokuyama    
effectiveness of octreotide in a case of refractory sulfonylurea-induced hypoglycemia 2003.0 rs green   w palatnick journal of emergency medicine    
closed caption   open source e blankinship   b smith   h holtzman   w bender bt technology journal     2004.0 
going up ? do traits and informal social processes predict advancing in management ? p tharenou academy of management journal   2001.0 
evolving behavioral strategies in predators and prey t haynes   s sen lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
profiling an open source project ecology and its programmers s koch  electronic markets   2004.0 
ripple joins for online aggregation pj haas   jm hellerstein    
two-handed input in a compound task p kabbash   w buxton   a sellen    
interim report r youth seattle   washington state institute for public  
a cost model for clustered object-oriented databases zh tangot   stg france   
cddlib reference manual   cddlib version 0.92 k fukuda  ethz   zurich   switzerland ( 2001 ) http://www . ifor . math .  
fast subsequence matching in time-series databases c faloutsos   m ranganathan   y manolopoulos  proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference  
flow injection analysis . principles   techniques and applications w frenzel  1993.0 
linkage studies in a four generation family with x-linked hydrocephalus associated with flexed index kj friedmanâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 23rd annual march of dimes clinical  
experiences in federated databases : from iro-db to miro-web . 24st conf . on very large databases p fankhauser   g gardarin   m lopez   j munoz   a new york   ny    
on unipolar induction : another experiment and its significance as evidence for the existence of the eh kennard phil . mag    
aircraft instrumentation part ii fj abbink  technical university of delft   november    
stack-based algorithms for pattern matching on dags l chen   a gupta   me kurul   
scalable techniques for mining causal structures 2000.0 c silverstein   s brin   r motwani   j ullman data mining and knowledge discovery    
finding generalized projected clusters in high dimensional spaces   sigmoid record v. 29   no. 2   2000 c aggrawal   ps yu on management of data   dallas   tx    
improving access to environmental data using context information a tomasic   e simon sigmod record   1997.0    
a prospective multicenter randomized trial of the herbal supplement   pc-spes vs. diethylstilbestrol ej small   p kantoff   vk weinberg   s nguyen   m  proc asco    
secure accounting and auditing on the web m naor   b pinkas www7 / computer networks   1998.0    
research and practice in federated information systems : report of the efisâ ?? 2000 international sigmod record   w hasselbring   wj van den heuvel   gj houben   rd   
roadrunner : towards automatic data extraction from large web sites g mecca   v crescenzi   p merialdo proceedings of the 27th very large databases conference   & hellip ;      
efficient reduced-order modeling of frequency-dependent coupling inductances associated with 3-d proc . ieee/acm design automation conference   lm silveira   m kamon   j white   
bir1/cut17 moving from chromosome to spindle upon the loss of cohesion is required for condensation   genes to cells   j morishita   t matsusaka   g goshima   t nakamura   h  2001.0 
antibiotics for preventing infection in open limb fractures r gosselin   i roberts   w gillespie  cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
analysis of factors affecting productivities of construction firms z sozen   h giritli istanbul technical university   turkey    
a free form snake-based algorithm for lane detection zk lu   ek teoh procs mva-2000   nov      
1991 . segment indexes : dynamic indexing techniques for multi-dimensional interval data c kolovson   m stonebraker proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of    
narrative abstraction model for story-oriented video b jung   t kwak   j song   y lee proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0    
the influence of causal interpretation on memory for system states w schoppek    
controlled impact demonstration on-board ( interior ) photographic system cj may & hellip ; - scale transport controlled impact demonstration p 209-239 ( & hellip ;   1986.0    
a framework for clustering evolving data streams c charu   h jia-wei  proc the 29th vldb conference . berlin : johann christoph & hellip ;    
binary membrane structure in chloroplast lamellae cj arntzen   1970.0 
chemrate   version 1.19   nist   gaithersburg v mokrushin   v bedanov   w tsang   mr zachariah   vd  md    
barrel swirl breakdown in spark-ignition engines : insights from particle image velocimetry m reeves   mj haste   cp garner   n halliwell proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   1999.0 
a proposed globally distributed federated database : a practical performance evaluation c linn   b howarth parallel and distributed information systems   1994.   & hellip ;    
on the selection of efficient record segmentations and backup strategies for large shared databases st march   gd scudder 1984.0  acm transactions on database systems    
muscle relaxants for non-specific low back pain mw van tulder   t touray   ad furlan   s solway   lm cochrane database syst rev     2003.0 
in ubiquitin and the biology of the cell jm peters 1998.0    
development of resources for functional genomics in the pig : production of 14 cdna libraries and ck tuggle   j green   cj fitzsimmons   r woods   r san diego    
the past was no illusion 1998.0 w bransford acm press siggraph series    
signature caching in parallel object database systems information and software technology   2002.0 k norvag   
violence in society   war in the world . media corner . gt alterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
hydrothermal synthesis molecular sieves solid-state chemistry dj jandeleit   ts powers   hw turner   wh weinberg   g acc . chem . res   1996.0 
hawaii open ocean aquaculture demonstration program ce helsley & hellip ; of aquaculture species   proc . 28th us-japan natural  
the state of research on university teaching effectiveness . new directions for teaching and learning   jg donald  1985.0 
r. go vindan   j. heidemann   and s. kumar . next cen turychallenges : scalable coordination in sensor a cm mobicomm   seattle   washington   august   d estrin   
maskerade-angriffe im internet eine demonstration fã 1/4 r unsicherheit . datenschutz und & hellip ;   dfsh damker   h federrath   mj schneider   
suitability of data models as canonical models for federated dbs f saltor   m castellanos acm sigmod record      
the adoption of groupware in organizations : the portuguese case actas do portland international conference on management   & hellip ;   m lousã #   a sarmento   a machado   
relationships among solar activity   sep occurrence frequency   and solar energetic particle event ra nymmik    
speaker recognition based on subspace method y ariki   k doi proc . icslp    
distribution of 137 cs reserves in the techa floodplain in the region of muslyumovo village ap govorun   av chesnokov   sb shcherbak at . energ      
automated extraction of music snippets l lu   hj zhang    
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles proc n bechmann   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger acm sigmod      
severe steroid-responsive nephrosis associated with hypersensitivity lancet i   dh sandberg   cw bernstein   rm mcintosh   r carr   j  1977.0 
heuristics for planning and presenting effective certificate programs . 1991.0 bd bratton new directions for adult and continuing education    
the value of dynamic enhanced mri in the early diagnosis of hip pain in patients having received cf tan   ps yen   hf wong   kk ng   yl wan 2001.0  transplantation proceedings    
iterative multi-step explicit camera calibrationâ ?? computer vision ( iccv98 ) bombay   india   january   j batista   
robinson-schensted procedure and combinatorial properties of geometric order in ( n ) a melnikov cras i    
experimental modeling and field study of transtensional folding [ ms thesis ] : madison m venkat-ramani university of wisconsin    
an empirical study of the effect of knowledge integration on software development projects a tiwana  information and software technology    
technical opinion barriers to effective use of knowledge management systems in software engineering kc desouza  communications-acm   2003.0 
evolving orbit : a progress report on building locales t mansfield   s kaplan   g fitzpatrick   t phelps   m proceedings   1997.0 
monte carlo techniques for direct lighting calculations acm transactions on graphics ( tog )   1996.0 p shirley   c wang   k zimmerman   
challenges in web search engines mr henzinger   r motwani   c silverstein  acm sigir forum   2002.0 
a 2ghz   17 tuning range quadrature cmos vco with high figure-of-merit and 0.6 â ? ¦ phase error proc . essirc   p andreani   
performance analysis of file organizations that use multibucket data leaves with partial expansions acm transactions on database systems   1993.0 g matsliach   
herbal and dietary therapies for primary and secondary dysmenorrhoea cochrane database syst rev   ml wilson   pa murphy  2001.0 
learning mixtures of bayes networks ( tech . rep. nos . msrâ ?? porâ ?? 97â ?? 30 ) b thiesson   c meek   dm chickering   d heckerman microsoft research      
j. and smith   d & hellip ; abstraction : aggregation and generalization . acm tods   ssi smith   
evaluation of effective thermoelastic properties of random fibrous composites m å?ejnoha   
exploiting a large thesaurus for information retrieval ar aronson   tc rindflesch   ac browne proceedings of riao   1994.0    
on the discovery of interesting patterns in association rules s rahayana   a siberschatz the 24the vldb conference   new york    
a framework for clustering evolving data streams cc aggarwal   j han   j wang   ps yu vldb     2003.0 
automatische silhouetten-extraktion aus videosequenzen semesterarbeit ss01 m nef & hellip ; geodaesie und photogrammetrie   ethz   zurich   switzerland ( & hellip ;      
streaming pattern discovery in multiple time-series s papadimitriou   j sun   c faloutsos  proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
fast algorithms for projected clustering cc aggarwal   c procopiuc   jl wolf   ps yu   js park sigmod conference   1999.0 
high speed parallel multi-chip interconnection using free space optics x zheng   p marchand   d huang   s esener   
reliable probabilistic verification using hash compaction submitted for p wolper   u stern   d leroy   d dill   
modern management in the developing world : the success of eis in mexican organizations de leidner   
vim continuous energy monte carlo code r blomquist  proc . int .  
sql open heterogeneous data access b reinwald   h pirahesh   
andh.-p . kriegel . the pyramid technique : towards breaking the curse of dimensionality s berchtold   c bohm  proc . of the acmsigmod international conference on  
learning response time for websources using query feedback and application in query optimization 2000.0 jr gruser   l raschid   v zadorozhny   t zhan the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;    
tides of change : new themes and questions in workplace learning t fenwick new directions for adult and continuing education     2001.0 
an axiomatic model of dynamic schema evolution in objectbase systems rj peters   mt oezsu 1997.0  acm transactions on database systems    
subspace clustering for high dimensional data : a review l parsons   e haque   h liu    
van nguyen . analyzing kleinbergâ ?? s ( and other ) small-world models c martel proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on principles of & hellip ;      
evaluation systems are more than information systems . la braskamp  new directions for higher education   1982.0 
integrated stereo vision-a multiresolution apporach ks kumar   ub desai   
markerless tracking using planar structures in the scene g simon   a fitzgibbon   a zisserman   
sigmod 1998 lm haas   a tiwary  proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
some results on ( a : b ) - choosability s gutner   m tarsi  to  
aida : adaptive application-independent data aggregation in wireless sensor networks t he   bm blum   ja stankovic   t abdelzaher 2004.0  acm transactions on embedded computing systems    
holiday videos . media corner . ja braun   w benensonâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner     1993.0 
estimation of the vocal tract shape by optimal inverse filtering and acoustic/articulatory 1972.0 h wakita   
multiprocessor hash-based join algorithms d dewitt21 dewittâ ? ¦ proceedings of  
reduction of doa estimation errors caused by antenna array imperfections g sommerkamp   d hampicke   r klukas   a richter   a proc . 29th eur . microwave  
exploiting inheritance and structure semantics for effective clustering in an object-oriented proceedings acm sigmod   pages   e chang   r katz   
a software system evaluation framework b germinal   r pierre  ieee computer    
r-trees : a dynamical index structure for spatial searching a guttman  proc . of acm sigmod intâ ?? l conference    
opencorba : a reflective open broker 1999.0 t ledouxâ ? ¦ lecture notes in computer science    
m. taylor   r. evolving orbit : a process report on building locales t mansfield   s kaplan   g fitzpatrick   tf phelps proc acm group      
human impact on the black bear in michigan 's lower peninsula am manville international conference on bear research and management    
mice lacking smooth muscle calponin display increased bone formation that is associated with h yoshikawa   s taniguchi   h yamamura   s mori   m genes to cells   1998.0 
folding pathways of a helix-turn-helix model protein d hoffmann   ew knapp    
the impact of policy interventions on a pre-industrial population system in the austrian alps unpublished manuscript   o veichtlbauer   e hanser   a zeileis   f leisch   
biogeochemistry : an analysis of global change : academic press san diego   wh schlesinger   
1023   part ii   question 10a f eg    
s.   byrd   roy . j.   and heidorn   george . e. 1985 . '' extracting semantic hierarchies from a large on - m chodorow proceedings of the 23rd    
systems and prototypes j patel acm sigmod record     2002.0 
a-molina und a. paepcke : starts : stanford proposal for internet meta-searching l gravano   cck chang   h garc proc . of the 1997 acm sigmod int . conference on management & hellip ;      
the origin of the winnerâ ?? s curse g charness   d levin  2005.0 
bidirectional proximity search in graph databases proceedings of 30th vldb conference   2004.0 r desai   s sudarshan   
a note on the viscosity of gases and molecular mean free path ae schuil  phil . mag    
optimal structure of flow in a gas centrifuge for separating uranium isotopes vd borisevich   ev levin   vv naumochkin  at .  
structural chemistry of silicates f liebau 1985.0    
managing intervals efficiently in object-relational databases 2000.0 hp kriegel   m poetke   t seidl vldb    
a symbolic computation toolbox for the design of dynamical adaptive nonlinear controllers em rios-bolivar   asi zinober applied mathematics and computer science     1998.0 
effect of sod culture system of bahia grass ( paspalum notatum flã 1/4 gge . ) on vesicular-arbuscular t ishii   yh shrestha   k kadoya  proc . int . soc . citriculture    
automatic tuning of optimal pid controllers m zhaung   dp atherton  proceedings iee   pt . d    
breakthrough in the commercial culture of eucheuma spinosum in northern bohol   philippines jr lim   h porse proc . int . seaweed symp      
aggregation in constraint databases gm kuper    
the child is father of the man : personality continuities from childhood to adulthood a caspi journal of personality and social psychology   2000.0 
wang.   hj ( 1997 ) online aggregation proc . acmâ ?? sigmod conference on management of jm hellerstein   pj haas   
fin-syn repeal has yet to pay off d mermigas electronic media      
data mining using two-dimensional optimized association rules for numeric attributes : scheme   t fukuda   y morimoto   s morishita   t tokuyama  acm sigmod conference proceedings    
coupled hydro-mechanical instabilities in porous media m stavropoulou  1996.0 
context effects in communication 1967.0 m manis journal of personality and social psychology    
cache coherence protocol specification â ??   alewife systems memo # 5 d chaiken 1990.0    
indexing and retrieval of 3d models aided by active learning c zhang   t chen    
algebraic description of relative a ne structure : connections to euclidean   ane and projective technical report 270   media laboratory   massachusetts institute n navab   a shashua   
clamp and clamp loader structures of the human checkpoint protein complexes   rad9-1-1 and rad17-rfc y shiomi   a shinozaki   d nakada   k sugimoto   j genes to cells     2002.0 
programs for tas in the context of campus policies and priorities r smock   rj menges new directions for teaching and learning     1985.0 
beam commissioning of the j-parc linac medium-energy beam-transport at kekâ ?? ii s wang   s fu   t kato   m ikegami   s anami   s arai      
teaching about the president and the presidential election . m haas social studies and the young learner   1988.0 
resolving a conflict situation with a reference outcome : an axiomatic model s gupta   za livne management science   1988.0 
the lbfs structure and recognition of interval graphs dg corneil   s olariu   l stewart  submitted for publication    
categorical and contextual bases of person memory and stereotyping journal of personality and social psychology   1978.0 se taylor   st fiske   nl etcoff   aj ruderman   
the small-world phenomenon : an algorithmic perspective j kleinberg    
some radar observations associated with an operational convective cloud modification project conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 pl smith   jr miller   
prenatal vaccinia lancet p naidoo   h hirsch   
system care improves trauma outcome : patient care errors dominate reduced preventable death rate e thoburn   p norris   r flores   s goode 1993.0  journal of emergency medicine    
reproductive loss in commercial merino flocks of south australia do kleemann   sk walker   ti grosser   rj grimson   dh proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the australian & hellip ;      
implementing distributed and dynamic resource allocation in watm c sinner   m wolf computer networks     1999.0 
the evidence for a superlattice in the nickel-iron alloy feni3 p leech   c sykes phil . mag      
migrating relational databases to object technology a behm    
on temporal modeling in the context of object databases n pissinou sigmod record     1993.0 
planning for the 1980 s : the context . h howeâ ? ¦ 1980.0  new directions for higher education    
secondary index optimization proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1975.0 m schkolnick   
impact assessment of ieee 1471 on the open group architecture framework r hilliard   
design and development of a new gasoline direct swirl injector yk park   sy moon   cw lee proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2002.0 
inelastic scattering of neutrons ( international atomic energy agency   vienna   1965 ) rj elliott   aa maradudin  vol .  
black studies in california higher education   1965-1980 kk miller  1986.0 
beyond market baskets : generalizing association rules to correlations 1996.0 s brin   c silverstein   
effective teaching of adults : themes and conclusions jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education     2002.0 
a scalable hash ripple join algorithm g luo    
analysis of a cuticular spacing pattern after metamorphosis in vitro of larval integument cr roseland   lm riddiford  see ref    
internet commercial uses blossom computerworld   g anthes   
parallel processors were the future ... and may yet be . mj flynn ieee computer      
a nalysis of a local-area wireless network d tang   m baker proceedings of acm mobicom    
toweavetheweb proceedings of vldb   pag mecca   
infinite dimensonal dynamical systems in mechanics and physics 1997.0 r temam   r temam   
specchio j j. determination of total arsenic   arsenic ( â ? cents ) and arsenic ( â ? $ ) by atomic absorption w holak at . spectros    
the performance of current data structure algorithms t jonhson   d shasha  acm transactions on database systems    
fuel reprocessing mn nadkarni   pc mayankutty   ns pillai   ss shinde  bhabha atomic research center   bombay   india    
fluid flow in calcareous sandstones and siliceous marbles during wollastonite grade contact wisconsin   university of wisconsin   js lackey   
aquery : query language for ordered data a lerner   d shasha optimization techniques   and experiments   in vldb      
a uniform behavioral temporal object model ia goralwalla   y leontiev   mt ozsu   d szafron    
gjsp   towards sensor database systems p bonnet 2nd international conference on mobile data management    
millimeter wave magnetrons with secondary emission cathode : theory and experiments proc . conf . dig . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter vd naumenko   dm vavriv   
atomic actions and data abstractions . 1981 we weihl  mit laboratory for computer  
untersuchungen ã 1/4 ber die allgemeine und die spektrale photosensibilitã $ t von hydra attenuata pall e frei   1973.0 
protein based optical computing and optical memories rr birge  ieee computer    
accounting   market   and subjective measures of firm performance : three sides of the same coin wg rowe   jlj morrow   jf finch unpublished manuscript      
asymptotic choice number for triangle free graphs to ar johansson   
structural damage to citrus leaves from spider mite feeding proc . int . soc . citriculture   lg albrigo   cc childers   jp syversten   
queens college . new directions for higher education   1986.0 bo wireman   aw lee   
binary resistive networks cmu analog ieee computer      
deaths associated with inappropriate intravenous colchicine administration ra bonnel   ml villalba   cb karwoski   j beitz  journal of emergency medicine   2002.0 
studies of the li test to distinguish beidellite and montmorillonite proc . int . clay conf   am bystrã ¶ m-brusewitz   
artificial photosynthesis : solar splitting of water to hydrogen and oxygen 1995.0 j allen acc . chem . res    
spherical functions and spherical laplace transform on ordered symmetric space g olafsson submitted for  
gameod : an internet based game-on-demand framework f li   rwh lau   d kilis 2004.0  proceedings of acm vrst    
rateâ ?? process with dynamic disorder acc . chem . res   r zwanzig   
richa . accessingnearbycopies ofreplicatedobjectsin adistributedenvironment c plaxton   r rajaramanda proc . acm spaa   june    
parameters of cache systems based on a zipf-like distribution 2001.0 dg dolgikh   am sukhov computer networks    
quantum mechanics li schiff   
image analysis   random fields   and dynamic monte carlo methods : a mathematical introduction g winkler   1995.0 
topic-se : a tool-based open platform for integration of control in software environments k foughali   b folliot information and software technology    
microsoft windows 2000 active directory services j spealman   2000.0 
generalizing abstraction functions 1997.0 b lampson   
m.   ross   d.   botstein   d.   and brown   p. ( 1999 ) clustering methods for the analysis of dna r tibshirani   te hastie  technical report   stanford  
euledexperiment correlations of sonic boom pressure signatures se cliff   sd thomas md   1923.0    
systems integration and the environment bt technology journal   sj haigh  1997.0 
using consensus to solve atomic snapshots submitted for t chandra   c dwork   
cohomological characteristics of real projective hypersurfaces io kalinin algebra i analiz    
constructing efficient decision trees by using optimized numeric association rules t fukuda   y morimoto  vldb   1996.0 
benchmark for layout synthesisâ ? evolution and current status . int proc . 28th acmieee design automation conf.   san k kozminski   
computational identification of legume-specific genes ma graham   ka silverstein   sb cannon   ka   2004.0 
perceptual assessment of demosaicing algorithm performance p longere   x zhang   pb delahunt   dh brainard proceedings-ieee   2002.0    
a generalization of association-rule mining   d q flocks tsur   jd ullman   s. abiteboul   c. clifton   r. motwani   s. & hellip ;    
integration of a decentralized computer facility ra greenes proc . acm nat . conf    
anorganische und allgemeine chemie in fl flussigen ammoniak part j jander   
permeability response to tumor necrosis factor alpha in brain microvessel endothelial cells involves wj trickler   wg mayhan   dw miller    
an improvement over : '' an improvement over deeply nested if-then-else control structure a lakhotia 1983.0  acm sigplan notices    
weave maps across the web wf limp 1997.0    
framework for measuring distributedness in multi-site projects procs . of sci   j lehto   p marttiin   g nyman   
the choice of going public : spin-offs vs. carve-outs r michaely   wh shaw   
automatic extraction and integration of bibliographic information on the web [ a ] proceedings of the 29th vldb conferenceberlin   germany   jf geng   jab yang   
discovery of multiple-level association rules from large databases in proc . 1995 vldb zurich   switzerland   sept   j han   y fu   
loran augmented dgps/eurofix preliminary demonstration w roland proceedings of the 23rd annual technical symposium   wga    
operadic hochschild chain complex and free loop spaces   arxiv preprin t math d chataur   jc thomas   
optical pattern recognition system data acquisition program manual . seattle   washington   i biosonics   
a minimum principle of pontryagin in optimal discrete-time systems with terminal constrains and free t matsumoto procs . of japan-usa symposium on flexible automation      
encephalopathy associated with dengue infection hw sumarmo lancet i   1978.0    
xml-lã ¶ sungen programmieren ; die wichtigsten xml-technologien undâ ?? spezifikationen praxisnah j sturm microsoft  
mapping the genesis of helical structure in polymers of the haloaldehydes o vogl   gd jaycox   c kratky   wj simonsick   k acc . chem . res      
methodology integration : evolution of information engineering kw short information and software technology     1991.0 
daepack : a combined symbolic and numeric library for general numerical calculations je tolsma   pi barton technical report daepack web page   massachusetts institute of  
word use in legal texts : statistical facts & practical applicability procs of jurix   k noordwijk   r mulder   
an interferometric technique for measuring binary diffusion coefficients . ak grob  1967.0 
application servers and associated technologies c mohan   
differential equations over polynomially bounded o-minimal structures proceedings-american mathematical jm lion   c miller   p speissegger   
using vacations to increase the global awareness of students . dm bagley social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
fear   anger   and risk 2001.0 js lerner   d keltner journal of personality and social psychology    
application a dehon   d utilization  proc . acm international symposium on fpgas    
programming active server pages 1997.0 s hillier   d mezick   
implementation of diagnosis related groups in portugal j urbano & hellip ; of international conference on management and financing of & hellip ;      
effect of a bicycle safety program and free bicycle helmet distribution on the use of bicycle d watts   no ` shea   a ile   e flynn   a trask   d journal of emergency nursing   1997.0    
a proposal for a new block encryption standard ''   advances in cryptology-eurocrypt '90 x lai   jl massey  proceedings    
child immunization in madhya pradesh r munshi   sh lee    
groundwater vistas i environmental simulations guide to using    
d. sha sha : database tuning : principles   experiments   and troubleshooting techniques 2002.0 p bonnet   
countercurrent extraction of citrus aroma from aqueous and nonaqueous solutions using supercritical m budich  1999.0 
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for pointsand rectangles n beckmann   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger  proc . 1990 acm sigmod  
percolation based scheduling r potasman   j lis   a nicolau   d gajski proc . acm/ieee design automation conference      
the multimediation of the lifeworld g sonesson   
in-place editing of web pages : sparrow community-shared documents bw chang www7 / computer networks   1998.0    
the far-infrared helium laser r turner   ra murphy & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0    
preliminary studies on serum antigens in carp j rapacz   e slota   j hasler rapp . procs verb . 161 : 170    
probe interval graphs and its applications to physical mapping of dna unpublished p zhang   
agents of change gh anthes   
l. tenney . aformalspecication andimplementation method for protocols tp blumer andr computer networks    
'' my personal web '' : a seminar on personalization and privacy for web and converged services i fundulaki   r hull   b kumar   d liewen   a sahuguet data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international    
a model for optimal database allocation in distributed computer systems gm chiu   cs raghavendra  ieee computer    
pattern matching and program theory w trochim & hellip ; - driven evaluation . new directions for program evaluation   & hellip ;    
planning   training and learning in supervision of flexible assembly systems ls lopes   l camarinha-matos procs . of conf . on balanced automation systems      
object operations benchmark rggcj skeen  acm transactions on database systems    
bhabha atomic research centre barc   bombay   india   u chandra   
watching behaviour : the role of context and learning h buxton   r howarth    
controlling the cost of reliability in peer-to-peer overlays r mahajan   m castro   a rowstron  lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
training secondary school computer science educators acm sigcue outlook   1975.0 j statz   
o roloc toy vesmoy tuc klurwsuc kai u eã?armogu aytoy stu dikastiku exoysia twn arhaiwn ellunwn ( the k kevork   x kevork aueb bulletin   athens   greece      
identifying dynamic replication strategies for a high-performance data grid k ranganathan   i foster 2001.0  lecture notes in computer science    
peer-to-peer information retrieval using self-organizing semantic overlay networks c tang   z xu   s dwarkadas   
usefulness of adenosine in diagnosis of tachyarrhythmias . j conti   l belardinelli   a curtis journal of emergency medicine     1995.0 
layout design methodology for sub-wavelength manufacturing m rieger   j mayhew   s panchapakesan  proc acm/ieee design automation conf    
decommissioning of commercial uraniumâ ?? graphite reactors id kulikov   vd safutin   vm simanovskiiâ ? ¦ at .  
37kda oncofetal antigen is an autoimmunogenic homologue of the 37kda laminin receptor precursor al barsoum   jw rohrer   jh coggin cellular and molecular biology letters   2000.0    
on the characteristics of vbr mpeg streams m krunz   sk tripathi proc . acm sigmetrics    
andf . makedon . videoscheme : aprogrammable video editing system for automation and media recognition j matthews   p gloor proceedings acm multimedia    
implementation of a general purpose d at aflow multiprocessor technical report tr432   mit laboratory for computer science   545 gm papadopoulos   
etal   combinatorial pattern discovery for scientific data : some preliminary results & hellip ; the 1994 acm international conference on management of data   jtl wang   gw chirn   tg marr   
shape memory alloy : a thermomechanical macroscopic theory m fremond courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ;   1996.0 
jabutã the tortoise : a trickster tale from the amazon 2001.0 g mcdermott   
w ard   a. andw ebster   p. : the anatomyofa context-aware application a harter   a hopper   p steggles proc . ofthe acm/ieeemobicom    
exploiting the efficiency and fairness potential of aimd-based congestion avoidance and control a lahanas   v tsaoussidis   a lahanas   v tsaoussidis computer networks   2003.0 
semantically-based concurrancy control for search structures n goodman   d shasha  proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
bragg grating formation and germanosilicate fiber photosensitivity g meltz   ww morey  proc . spie   1991.0 
mobile databases : a selection of open issues and research directions g bernardâ ? ¦ sigmod record   2004.0 
aids in cultural   historic   and epidemiologic context sc mccombie see ref    
clarans : efficient and effective clustering method for spatial data mining r ngâ ? ¦ proc . 1994 int . conf . very large data bases  
experimentelle untersuchung der pyrolyse in inerter und reaktiver atmosphã $ re unter den bedingungen j petek   1998.0 
joint performance of dsaqq mac protocol and srrd-arq protocol for wireless atm under realistic 1999.0 d petras   u vornefeld computer networks    
on the complexity of counting satisfying assignments ml littman   t pitassi   r impagliazzo  unpublished manuscript    
creatine kinase and its ck-mb isoenzyme : the conventional marker for the diagnosis of acute dj robinson   rh christenson journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
experiments on nuclear cooling mv hobden   n kurti phil . mag    
communication-free parallelization via ane transformations aw lim   ms lam    
request routing in cache meshes computer networks   1998.0 c grimm   js voeckler   h pralle   
commercial models for ip quality of service interconnect bt technology journal   2005.0 b briscoe   s rudkin   
the impact of global clustering on spatial database systems t brinkhoff   hp kriegel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
a study to gather data for an accounting internship program for chippewa valley technical college bl thalacker   2001.0 
conquer : efficient management of inconsistent databases 2005.0 a fuxman   e fazli   rj miller proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
storms over europe : losses and scenarios 1993.0 a schraft   e durand   p hausmann   
the therapeutic community : study of effectiveness treatment research monograph # 84-1286   nida   g deleon md    
structured databases on the web : observations and implications kcc chang   b he   c li   m patel   z zhang  sigmod record   2004.0 
camera calibration for lane and obstacle detection s ernst   c stiller   j goldbeck   c roessig    
design automation for mixed hardware-software systems j adams   d thomas electronic design    
practical educational uses of the open distributed network monitor p minaie   j kallman   j truppi   s dascalu   f harris procs . of the intl. conf . on education and information & hellip ;    
a. broder   '' summary cache : a scalable wide-area web cache sharing protocol l fan   p cao   j almeida  proceedings of acm sigcomm    
the measurement of information systems effectiveness : evaluating a measuring instrument je scott   
extracting large-scale knowledge bases from the web r kumar   p raghavan   s rajagopalan   a tomkins vldb   1999.0 
object-oriented techniques in hardware design s kumar   jh aylor   bw johnson    
the mechanism of particle formation in production of powders by rotating electrode process powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ]   bombay   india & hellip ;   m narla  1980.0 
1994 . the impact of global clustering on spatial database systems t brinkho   hp kriegel  proc . 20th int . conf . on very large data  
timeless moral imperatives in causal analysis of social functioning e smikum   2000.0 
optical limiting in media with absorbing microparticles k mansour   ew van stryland   mj soileau proc . spie     1989.0 
parametrisierung evolutionarer strategien fur die registrierung von wirbelknochen in ultraschall und s winter   b brendel   b illerhaus   a al-amin   h    
pattern matching for program generation : a user manual tj biggerstaff   
sept. 16â ?? 22   1979 . ????   ????   1979 ussr region   
exploiting network proximity in peer-to-peer networks technical report msr-tr-2002-82   microsoft research   m castro   p drushel   yc hu   a rowstron   
some algorithmic aspects of subspace identification with inputs a chiuso   g picci    
another look at data-bases nh minsky   
a proof engine approach to solving combinational design automation problems p bjesse   g andersson   b cook   z hanna proc ieee/acm design automation conference    
the minimum entropy and cumulants based contrast functions for blind source extraction s cruces   a cichocki   s amari  lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
surfing the web backwards s chakrabarti   da gibson   ks mccurley www8 / computer networks     1999.0 
microprocesses of institutional change in the context of privatization g johnson   s smith   b codling academy of management review   2000.0 
e cient and effective clusteringmethodforspatialdatamining r ng   j han proc . 1994 int . conf . very large data bases   pages144 { 155    
a database with chemical and crystallographic information compiled and evaluated by the nist crystal nc data    
extraction and computation of identifiable parameters in robot dynamic models : theory and ay zomaya   
munoza ( 1995 ) tigukat : a uniform behavioral objectbase management vldb mt ã?zsu   rj peters   d szafron   b irani   a lipka   
logic aided lamarckian evolution e lamma    
a technology independent approach to hierarchical ic layout extraction a bootehsaz   ra cottrel proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
approximate reachability analysis of piecewise-linear dynamical systems 2000.0 e asarin   t dang   o maler   o bournez lecture notes in computer science    
generalized partition testing via bayes linear methods 2001.0 fpa coolen   m goldstein   m munro information & software technology    
application of inorganic insulating materials in nuclear reactors na aseev at . energ      
supporting guarded and nested atomic actions in distributed objects sy lee   1998.0 
chaos : an introduction to dynamical systems kt alligood   t sauer   ja yorke    
developing dual user interfaces for integrating blind and sighted users : the homer uims 1995.0 a savidis   c stephanidis proceedings of chi    
prevalence of hbv and hdv markers in patients infected with hiv in buenos aires [ abstract a 586 ] h fainboim   j benetucci   l astarloaâ ? ¦ & hellip ; international conference on aids ( montreal   canada )   june    
generalizing mean field theory for distributed optimization and control . 2004 dh wolpert    
some optimal in-approximability results j hã ¸ astad proc . of 29th acm symp . on theory of comp      
depression runs in families : the social context of risk and resilience in children of depressed cl hammen 1991.0    
qualitã $ tssicherung und qualitã $ tsmanagement in der sozialen arbeit m meinholdâ ? ¦  freiburg i. br    
a dynamical theory of diffusion for nonelectrolytes and the molecular mass of albumin phil . mag   w sutherland   
guidelines for blood recovery and reinfusion in surgery and trauma . american association for blood cp stowell   gf giordano   j kiss   sw renner   rb  md    
optimal and efficient merging schedules for video-ondemand service dl eager   mc ferris   mk vernon  proc . of acm  
local scheduling techniques for memory coherence in a clustered vliw processor with a distributed e gibert   j sã ¡ nchez   a gonzã ¡ lez   
a logical framework for active rules b ludascher   u hamann   g lausen    
context management in modeling information systems ( is ) b garner   r raban  information and software technology   1999.0 
a subspace rotation approach to signal parameter estimation ieee   proceedings   1986.0 a paulraj   r roy   t kailath   
mining concept-drifting data streams using ensemble classifiers proceedings of the ninth acm sigkdd international conference & hellip ;   2003.0 h wang   w fan   ps yu   j han   
reversible blindness associated with alcoholic ketoacidosis : pseudomethanol intoxication-visual loss c feeney   m muller   s bryzman   t nakada journal of emergency medicine     1998.0 
il trattamento delle varianti hello spoglio elelttronico di un testo . una prova sui carmina di a bozzi   a nikolova   g cappelli   g giuliani md      
online aggregation   acm sigmod int conference on management of data   jm hellerstein   pj haas   hj wang   
prohexadione-ca-a new plant growth regulator for apple with interesting biochemical features . p. 113 w rademacher   jb speakman   rr evans   jr evans   s proceedings of the 25 thannual meeting of the plant growth & hellip ;    
the efficacy of gloss for the text database discovery problem l gravano   a tomasic    
on the goal-dependence of automatic attitude activation : a model of affective priming by two kc klauer   j musch unpublished manuscript     1998.0 
multiple-instance learning of real-valued data ra amar   dr dooly   sa goldman   q zhang   
relaxed currency and consistency : how to say '' good enough h guo   pa larson   r ramakrishnan   j goldstein sql . sigmod conference    
an extension of the cayley-hamilton theorem for a standard pair of block matrices t kaczorek    
the contexts of college teaching   past and future . 1988.0 ke eble new directions for teaching and learning    
brodley ce : the effect of instance-space partition on significance jp bradford machine learning    
implementing large production systems ina dbms environment : concepts and algorithms proceedings of acm sigmod 1988 international conference on tk sellis   cc lin   l raschid   
priorities in wlans i aad   c castelluccia computer networks   2003.0    
filtering with approximate predicates n shivakumar   h garcia-molina   c chekuri proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0    
detection of signals in chaos s haykin   xb li 1995.0  proceedings-ieee    
severe rhabdomyolysis with renal failure after intranasal cocaine use bz horowitz   ea panacek   nj jouriles  journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
anchoring in the detection of deception and leakage journal of personality and social psychology   m zuckerman   r koestner   mj colella   ao alton   
dictionary ofpuget salish t hess 1976.0    
oktober 1993 a over de nwo-organisatie    
ands . chaudhuri . finding faces in photographs an rajagopalan   ks kumar   j karlekar   r  & hellip ; . of internationalconferenceoncomputervision   bombay   india    
optimal multi-step k-nearest neighbour queries t seidl   hp kriegel proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference    
the friction andlubrication of solids part i   fp bowden   d tabor   
discovery and evaluation of graph-based hierarchical conceptual clusters journal of machine learning research   i jonyer   dj cook   lb holder   
research and practice in federated information systems w hasselbring   wj van den heuvel   gj houben   rd sigmod record   2000.0    
a dynamic clustering technique for physical database design jm chang   ks fu   
web services and context horizons c shirky   
aquery : query language for ordered data   optimization techniques and experiments . technical report   march 2003 . csdocs . cs . nyu . a lerner   d shasha   
the nature of nursing v henderson    
developing dual user interfaces for integrating blind and sighted users : the homer uims ` in katz   i.   a savidis   c stephanidis  proceedings of acm chi &#39; 95    
an adaptive energy-efficient and low-latency mac for data gathering in wireless sensor networks g lu   b krishnamachari   cs raghavendra    
make a difference ! elementary service projects . b wolfenbarger   s turner   d lerner   b sloyer   j  social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
greedy numeration systems and recognizability unpublished manuscript   m hollander   
a stateless approach for improving tcp performance using diffserv e altman   
a multi-method for defining the organizational change s nurcan   c rolland 2003.0  information & software technology    
automatic subspace clustering of high dimensional data for data mining applications a rakesh   j gehrke   d gunopulosâ ? ¦   
iterative performance and wirability improvement for fpgas proc . ieee/acm design automation conf   s nag   k roy   
asymptotic stability of infinite-dimensional semi-linear systems : application to a nonisothermal i aksikas   jj winkin   d dochain  2004.0 
a test of the social support deterioration model in the context of natural disaster 1993.0 k kaniasty   fh norris journal of personality and social psychology    
from the wings of drosophilia to the brains of mental patients s mednick   mo huttunen unpublished manuscript    
integration : plug and pray b boehm   c abts ieee computer    
on saying '' enough already ! '' d kossmann   m carey & hellip ; in â ?? proc . of the 1997 acm-sigmod conference on management & hellip ;      
optimal mean-squared-error batch sizes 1995.0 bw schmeiser   wmt song management science    
methods of calculating retinocorticalinformationtransmissionformulti-dimensionalvisualand electrical m eger   r eckhorn   t schanze gottingen neurobiology report . proc . 28th gottingen & hellip ;    
practical application of dna markers for genetic improvement g plastow   s sasaki   tp yu   n deeb   g prall   k    
an archaeology of environmental racism in los angeles l pulido   s sidawi   ro vos  urban geography    
a fast distributed algorithm for mining association rules dw cheung   j han   vt ng   aw fu   y fu proceedings of the fourth international conference on on & hellip ;   1996.0 
personality characteristics and social and achievement behaviors associated with childrenâ ?? s social vc crandall journal of personality and social psychology   1966.0    
integration of magnetoencephalography and magnetic resonance imaging ( abstract only ) oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   so tissari   ms hamalainen  1991.0 
optimal multi-step k-nearest neighbor search t seidl   hp kriegel    
keeping faith with one another . 1992.0 gl van harn new directions for higher education    
disturbance and ecological succession in marine intertidal boulder fields 1977.0 wp sousa   
h. { p. kriegel   design and implementation of spatial access methods b seeger proc . 14th international conference on very large data bases      
effective action and cosmological particle production mv fischetti ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.     1978.0 
an information theory approach to categorical clustering d barbara   j couto   y li submitted for  
an overview of three commercial object-oriented database management systems : ontos   objectstore   and v soloviev sigmod record   1992.0    
fuzzy neural hybrid position/force control for robot manipulators k kiguchi   t fukuda  applied mathematics and computer science   1996.0 
f-logic   a higher order language for reasoning about logic   inheritance   and schemes proc . acm sigmod int . conf : minagement of data   m kifer   g lausen   
discovering interesting patterns for investment decision making with glower & xcirc ; â ?? a genetic data mining and knowledge discovery   2000.0 v dhar   d chou   f provost   
plato 's rhapsody and homer 's music : the poetics of the panathenaic festival in classical athens g nagy  2002.0 
ldap directory services-just another database application ? ( tutorial session ) 2000.0 s shukla   a deshpande proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
environmental impact assessment of the charcoal production and utilization system in zambia . 82p w serenje   en chidumayo   jh chpuwa   h egnã © us   a   1994.0 
an axiomatic model for deductive object-oriented databases zt kardkovacs   gm suranyi   
scheduling problems in parallel query optimization c chekuri    
protein oxidation in aging and age-related diseases er stadtman annals-new york academy of sciences   2001.0    
leader of the pack : a proposal for disclosure of board leadership structure ce bagley   rh koppes  san diego law review   1997.0 
student self-evaluations and developmental change 1993.0 rh haswell new directions for teaching and learning    
shades of green in local environmental policy-making : a regional case-study k muir   m phillips   m healey area    
a distributed cache architecture with snooping for qos routing in large networks computer networks   m rezvan   k pawlikowski   h sirisena  2004.0 
lossless compression : how it works pc magazine   1993.0 b simon   
interaction ergonomics   control and separation : open problems in user interface management g cockton  information and software technology   1987.0 
on fine 's partition theorems   dyson   andrews   and missed opportunities i pak  mathematical intelligencer   2003.0 
one-month study in the open nw mediterranean sea ( dynaproc experiment   may 1995 ) : overview of the v andersen   l prieur    
distinguishing between single and multi-source attacks using signal processing computer networks   2004.0 a hussain   j heidemann   c papadopoulos   
glucocorticoids for acute viral bronchiolitis in infants and young children 2004.0 h patel   r platt   jm lozano   ee wang cochrane database syst . rev    
sonar : system for optimized numeric associationrules . acms anthology   p edition    
user attitudes and management information system use d robey 1979.0  the academy of management journal    
chip : coping health inventory for parents ma mccubbin 1987.0  family assessment inventories for research and practice    
a uniform geometrical theory of diffraction for an edge in a perfectly conducting surface ieee   proceedings   rg kouyoumjian   ph pathak  1974.0 
a molecular shock tube p simon   eth zã 1/4 rich    
andb . seeger . ecientprocessingofspatialjoinsusingr-trees proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data   t brinkho   hp kriegel   
a global garbage collector for federated database management systems m frã © dã © ric   t jean-marc   b pierre    
rotating squares journal of pattern recognition a donafee   c maple  2000.0 
clustering based on association rule hypergr ~ phs   the acm sigi40d workshop o ~ res ~ rch issues o ~ eh han   g karypis   v kumar   b mobasher montreal   canada   june      
a tutorial and survey s servers ieee computer    
media engineering sm west   mt norris bt technology journal   1997.0    
embedded linuxâ ?? informal collaborative software development by commercial firms j henkel    
wirkungen von jod und arsenit auf meeresalgen in kultur proc . int . seaweed symp   ha von stosch   
experiences in federated databases : from iro-db to miro-web proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 p fankhauser   g gardarin   
characterization of alpha axp performance using tp and spec proc . of the 21st annual int . symp . on computer z cvetanoic   d bhandarkar   
0 . botti   f. cassinari   v. dc florio   and r. lauwereins . stable memory in substation automation : a g deconinck proc . of the 28th jet . symposium on fault-tolerant computing & hellip ;    
simulated annealing and combinatorial optimization s nahar   s sahni   e shragowitz proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;     1986.0 
four-wave frequency mixing in gases 1992.0 cr vidal topics in applied physics    
brain mechanisms of spatial memory in lizards e font   e desfilis proceedings of the 23rd international ethological conference & hellip ;    
convexity methods in hamiltonian mechanics i ekeland 1990.0    
the atomic strain tensor p mott   as morgan   uw sutter 1991.0    
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database discovery problem l gravano   h garcia-molina   a tomasic sigmod conference   1994.0    
the student   evaluative data   and secondary analysis new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 rf boruch   j reis   
maize breeding for drought stressed areas of ethiopia m nigussie   g bogale   g sebokesa proceedings of the 25 thanniversary of nazret agricultural & hellip ;    
generalization in simple recurrent networks m vilcu   rf hadley   
cybergrace : the search for god in the digital world jj cobb  1998.0 
improving the start-up behavior of a congestion scheme for tcp j hoe  proceedings of acm  
the illusion of courage : underestimating social-risk aversion in self and others . l van boven   g loewenstein   n welch   d dunning  submitted for publication    
automatic extraction and integration of bibliographic information on the web using hidden markov j geng 2002.0    
fu . discovery of multiple-level association rules from large databases j han andy proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;      
high-temperature irradiation behavior of structural graphite ip kalyagina   ys virgilâ ?? ev   vr zolotukhinâ ? ¦ at . energ    
query flocks : a generalization of association-rule mining proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   d tsur   jd ullman   s abiteboul   c clifton   r  1998.0 
some optimal inapproximability results j hastad journal-acm   2001.0 
starts : stanford proposal for internet meta-searching technical report   stanford university   hgmap luis   cckc gravano   
controlled expansion of a molecular cavity in a steroid host compound k sada   m sugahara   k kato   m miyata  acc . chem . res   1994.0 
the enigma of organizational effectiveness k cameron new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
structural properties of stress relaxation and convergence from viscoelasticity to polyconvex c lattanzio   ae tzavaras   
kimura and s. nishizaki   â ?? cache miss heuristics and preloading techniques for general-purpose t ozaway  proc . 28th int . symp . microarchitecture    
using sas/graph â ® software to create graphs on the web h patel   
survival skills and first grade academic achievement . report # 1 . oregon research institues ja cobb  center for research and demonstration in the early education & hellip ;    
