multirate analog-digital systems for signal processing and conversion j franca   a petraglia   sk mitra proceedings of the ieee   1997.0 
data in your face '' : push technology in perspective ( invited paper ) acm sigmod intl m franklin   s zdonik conference on management of data   seattle   wa   june    
foot orthoses . . williams & wilkins : baltimore kk wu md    
hardware and system architecture for a very large database r healey   b heckman vldb   1975.0 
devise : integrated queryingand visual explorationof large datasets m livny   r ramakrishnan   k beyer   g chen   d proceedings of the 1997acm-sigmod conference    
survey of job shop scheduling techniques   nistir   national institute of standards and technology   a jones   lc rabelo md    
dye standards   part i : terminology and general principles h lyon   e schulte   a de leenheer   s lewis   v the histochemical journal   1992.0 
evaluation of local detectors on non-planar scenes f fraundorfer   h bischof   
using new clues to find data c fie1771 fields   n negroponte third international conference on very large data bases   & hellip ;    
sustained product innovation in large   mature organizations : overcoming innovation-to-organization d dougherty   c hardy the academy of management journal   1996.0 
effects of externally mediated rewards on intrinsic motivation el deci journal of personality and social psychology   1971.0 
wireless infrared communications m kahn joseph   r barry john proceedings of the ieee    
exposed points in spaces of bounded analytic functions . sd fisher  1967.0 
i2i trust in e-commerce js olson   gm olson communications-acm   2000.0 
selenium determination in animal whole blood using stabilized temperature platform furnace and rh eckerlin   dw hoult   gr carnrick at spectrosc    
efficient algorithms for large-scale topology discovery b donnet   p raoult   t friedman   m crovella   
storage consideration in relation to source   capacity and peak demands   â ?? a paper presented at the dp proudfit madison   wisconsin : university of wisconsin   march    
database requirements for a software engineering environment : criteria and empirical evaluation s chen   jm drake   wt tsai information and software technology   1993.0 
a survey of distributed deadlock detection algorithms ak elmagarmid acm sigmod record   1986.0 
understanding your chemstation h packard san diego   calif    
ap & ss a bridzius   v vansevicius  2001.0 
videoanywhere : a system for searching and managing distributed video assets . acms anthology sigmod record   1999.0 
steklo i keramika ia boguslavskiiâ ? ¦ no . i    
leadership and the research university . ss lipschutz new directions for higher education   1985.0 
additive logisitic regression : a statistical perspective on boosting jh friedman   t hastie   r tibshirani  1998.0 
imhexr mcfc stack scale-up t benjamin   g rezniko   r donelsonâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 27th intersociety energy conversion & hellip ;   1992.0 
an authorization mechanism for a relational database system pp griffiths   bw wade acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
contrastplotsandp-sphere trees : space vs. time in nearest neighbour searches rr goldsteinj & hellip ; of the very large data bases ( vldb ) conference   cairo   egypt    
management   976 f a info supp .  
autonomous mobile robot navigation and learning cr weisbin   jr einstein   fg pin   
effects of components of protection-motivation theory on adaptive and maladaptive coping with a pa rippetoe   rw rogers journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
the digital doorkeeper ' -- automatic face recognition with the computer . jl nettles   aj witsmeer   p seitz   m bichsel proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ;   1991.0 
schubert varieties and cycle spaces at huckleberry   ja wolf   
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : gm newland   lr wolf   ja bishop   gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
data management for asymmetric communication environments s acharya   r alonso   m franklin   s zdonik   b disks proc . acm sigmod conf.   san jose   ca   may    
multidatabase interoperability sigmod record   1990 sigmod record   1990.0 
measurements of electron cyclotron emission from non-maxwellian electron distributions in tcv p blanchard   h weisen   s alberti   s coda   p gomez     
the molecular portraits of breast tumors are conserved across microarray platforms z hu   c fan   js marron   x he   bf qaqish   g karaca    2005.0 
entendendo a lei de responsabilidade fiscal e nascimento   i debus unpublished manuscript    
risk vs. opportuniy   the technology 's there   but few web sites conduct transactions . are companies ' k gow computerworld    
an ontological analysis of the relationship construct conceptual modeling w yair   cs veda   w kon acm transactions on database systems    
orderable dimensions of visual texture for data display : orientation   size and contrast c ware   w knight   
the perceived fairness of selection systems : an organizational justice perspective sw gilliland the academy of management review   1993.0 
the forcing geodetic number of a graph g chartrand   p zhang discussiones mathematicae graph theory   1999.0 
children 's literature . af gallagherâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
some in-situ measurements of the radiated emission in a door network jp rouzaud   f issa & hellip ; symposium on powerline communications   athens   greece    
preliminary experience with process modeling in the marvel software development environment kernel ge kaiser   
two-phase deadlock detection algorithm in distributed databases s kawazu   s minami   k itoh   k teranaka very large data bases   1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ;   1979.0 
nebraska   univehsity oâ ?? ru charles   b varney geography   1959.0 
mining insurance data at swiss life ju kietz   u reimer   m staudt proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
the rufus system : information organizationforsemi-structured data   '' k shoens   a luniewski   p schwarz   j stamos   j proceedings of the 19th vldb conference   ireland    
analysis of sigmods co-authorship graph m nascimentoâ ? ¦ sigmod record   2003.0 
s3 : similarity search in cad database systems s berchtold   hp kriegel   
electronic replacements for head-per-track drums or disks av pohm ieee computer    
thematically organized social studies : a solution to the primary education dilemma . pull-out feature p nickell social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
a vision driven automatic assembly unit : robust bin picking g bachler   m berger   r rohrer   s scherer   a pinz   
casinos hit jackpot with customer data k nash computerworld    
3-dimensional software modelling y gil   s kent  1998.0 
power-aware virtual base stations for wireless mobile ad hoc communications a safwat   h hassanein   h mouftah computer networks   2003.0 
department of agricultural and resource economics   2200 symons hall   university of maryland   college plj olson   
palomar adaptive optics project : status and performance proc . spie   
on the destructive mechanical effects of the gas bubbles liberated by the passage of intense sound fd smith phil . mag    
handling summary information in a database denvability h sato proc acm  
the fluoroquinolones rc walker mayo clinic proceedings   1999.0 
schemasql { a language for querying and restructuring multidatabase systems . in proc . ieee int . conf . lvs lakshmanan   f sadri   in subramanian bombay   india   september    
let 's interface j salemi pc magazine   june    
tbag : a high-level   fast-turnaround 3d animation system c elliott   g schechter   r yeung   s abi-ezzi proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 94    
bergey 's manual of systematic bacteriology   vol 1 . williams & wilkens   baltimore nr krieg   jg holt md    
a. past tense forms of the verb be in the dialect of cambridgeshire al ojanen unpublished  
toward the construction of customer interfaces for cyber shopping malls-hci research for electronic j kim   
implementation of an outdoor far-field measurement system at irctr p aubry   p hakkaart   jh zijderveld   lp ligthart proc . 28th european microwave conf    
user modeling and adaptive navigation support in www-based tutoring systems g weber   m specht courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ;   1997.0 
geometrische beweise mit dem pc a engel proceedings of derive days d usseldorf    
it changes hit supply chains ml songini computerworld    
design and evaluation of incremental data structures and algorithms for dynamic query interfaces r beigel   b shneiderman   
arbitrary rectilinear block packing based on sequence pair mz kang   wwm dai proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0 
synthetic gene transfer vectors . 1993 jp behr acc . chem .  
smoothed analysis of algorithms : why the simplex algorithm usually takes polynomial time da spielman   sh teng journal-acm   2004.0 
a compilation-based software estimation scheme for hardware/software co-simulation m lajolo   m lazarescu   a sangiovanni-vincentelli   
integrating distributional   prosodic and phonological information in a connectionist model of mh christiansen   rac dale   
dg holloway jw johnson phil . mag    
wcspi a. towards a taxonomy of intrusiondetcction systems h dcbar   m dacier computer networks    
is thyrotoxic periodic paralysis a '' channelopathy '' ? ej gallagher journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
knowledge representation as the basis for requirements specification a bordiga   s greenspan   j mylopoulos ieee computer    
inductive logic programming and learnability ju kietz   s då 3/4 eroski acm sigart bulletin   1994.0 
studies of the three-dimensional structure of the planetary boundary layer h lettau university of wisconsin    
a technology for thermoelectric devices based on electroplated v-vi materials m jaegle at  
estimatingthe support of a high-dimensional distribution b scholkopf   jc platt   j shawe-taylor   aj smola   technical report msrtr-99-87   microsoft research corporation    
sidebar : the state of web services security standards m hall computerworld    
freedom transformed : toward a developmental model for the construction of collaborative learning sj hamilton new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
nd-sql : a multi-dimensional language for interoperability and olap . 134-145 f gingras   lvs lakshmanan electronic  
an approach to certifying off-the-shelf software components j voas ieee computer    
a variable span smoother : stanford   california   laboratory for computational statistics   department jh friedman  1984.0 
independent study   fieldwork   and peer teaching . pg friedman new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
realization and input/output relations : the analytic case e sontag   y wang proc . 28th ieee conf . dec. & cntrl   ( 1989 )    
location aware   dependable multicast for mobile ad hoc networks s basagni   i chlamtac   vr syrotiuk computer networks   2001.0 
peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technology r dingledine   m freedman   d molnar  2001.0 
an online video placement policy based on bandwidth to space ratio a dan   d sitaram proceedings of the acm sigmod conference    
a characterization of prolog execution ma friedman  1992.0 
intermediate-mass higgs searches in weak boson fusion dl rainwater  2004.0 
ncss social studies standards and the elementary teacher . j alleman   j brophy social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
stichwã ¶ rter : lumineszenz metallamakrocyclen n-ligan-den platin selbstorganisation jyk cheng   tsm hun   cm che   wt wong   kk cheung   g acc . chem . res   1990.0 
andi . n. subramanian . schemasql-a language for interoperability in relational multi-database systems lvs lakshmanan   f sadri proceedings of inter . conference on very large databases (  
heat pumps in buildings   hutchinson 1984 afc sherratt   
fractal analysis of dendritic tree of transient amacrine cell of gold fish retina versus diffusion mba djamgoz   zj grzywna   m krasowska   s vallerga cellular and molecular biology letters   1996.0 
case 's next step : process . g boone   
andg . pozzi . specificationandimplementationofexceptions in workflow management systems f casati   s ceri   s paraboschi acm trans . on database systems    
dynamic versus static menus : an exploratory comparison j mitchell   b shneiderman acm sigchi bulletin   1989.0 
effects of language on color discriminability n witthoft   j winawer   l wu   m frank   a wade   l proceedings of the 25 thannual meeting of the cognitive & hellip ;    
dynamic binding of service users and providers in an open services environment a wolisz   v tschammer computer networks    
the ssã · - tree : an improved index structure for similarity searches in a high-dimensional feature r kurniawati   js jin   ja shepherd   
involvement of rho and rac small g proteins and rho gdi in ca 2ã 3/4 - dependent exocytosis from pc12 r komuro   t sasaki   k takaishi   s orita   y takai genes to cells   1996.0 
technologies for e-services third international workshop a buchmann   f casati   l fiege   mc hsu   mc shan proceedings of of 3rd vldb workshop on technologies for e - & hellip ;    
nonparametric tests of portfolio efficiency under static and dynamic conditions eb dumas   j sengupta   
a probabilistic relational model d dey   s sarkar acm trans . database systems    
nist surface structure databaseâ ?? ver . 3.0   national institute of standards and technology   pr watson   ma van hove   k hermann md    
principle component feature detector for motor cortical control j hu   j si   bp olson   j he   
safety and efficacy of the rapid four-step technique for cricothyrotomy using a bair claw dp davis   kj bramwell   rs hamilton   tc chan   gm journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
understanding semantic relations v storey vldb journal    
blessing in an intimate note to the sincere seekers ss ravi-shankar  1999.0 
mak . eq   â ?? self-serv : a platform for rapid composition of web services in a peer-to-peer environment qz sheng   b benatallah   m dumas proceedings of the 28 thvldb  
c3wpf scheduler r agrawal   a bedekar   rj la   vg subramanian proc . itc    
a systematic review of existing quality assessment tools used to assess the quality of diagnostic p whiting   a rutjes   j dinnes   jb reitsma   p   
a language facility for designing database-intensive facilities j mylopoulos   pa bernstein   hkt wong acm transactions on database systems    
modeling and simulating semiconductor devices using vhdl-ams h carter proc . ieee/acm bmas    
â ?? specification and implementation of exceptions in workflow management systems   & rdquo f casati   s ceri   s paraboschi   g pozzi acm trans . database systems    
new directions for theory and research on teaching : a review of the past twenty years m theall new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
standardized terminology for clinical trial protocols based on ontological top-level categories b heller   h herre   k lippoldt   m lã ¶ ffler   
integrated service modelling for online one-stop government ma wimmer electronic markets   2002.0 
subject knowledge   source of terms   and term selection in query expansion : an analytic study . p vakkari proceedings ( glasgow   uk   march 25â ?? 27   2002 )    
integrative modeling of the technology management system '   innovation in technology management-the ga geistauts   tg eschenbach & hellip ; of the portland international conference on management of & hellip ;    
asequential sampling algorithm for a general class of utility criteria t scheffer   s wrobel knowledge discovery and data mining    
an effective on-line deadlock detection technique for distributed database management a elmagarmid acm sigmod record    
the fifth text retrieval conference ( trec-5 )   national institute of standards and technology   dk harman md    
helical sense of ribbon assemblies and splayed microfibrils of bacterial cellulose a hirai   m tsuji   f horii fiber   1998.0 
balancing push and pull for data broadcast   '' m franklin   s zdonik proceedings of the acm sigmod   may    
gr . unhagen a   kossmann d. xl : an xml programming language for web service sped . cation and d florescu computer networks    
sense   meaning and perception in three dance cultures cjc bull see desmond    
modula a language for modular multlprogrammmg res rep 18   lnst fur lnformattk n wroth zurich   switzerland    
broadcast disks : data management for asymmetric communications environments s achary   m franklin   s zdonik   r alonso proceedings of the accm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
on estimating the cardinality of the projection of a database relation . tods   14 ( 1 ) : 28â ?? 40   1989 . r ahad   kvb rao   d mcleod   
software performance engineering cu smith lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 
new design of composite controllers for synchronous machines via separation of timescales np singh   yp singh   si ahson & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1988.0 
why do citizens want to keep refugees out ? threats   fairness   and hostile norms in the treatment of wr louis   j duck   dj terry   r schuller   r lalonde unpublished manuscript    
hardware acceleration for spatial selections and joins c sun   d agrawal sigmod conference   2003.0 
the feminine technique in is m johnson computerworld    
microwave optics s cornbleet appendix i    
probability estimation of reliability and durability of reinforced concrete structures a kudzys  1992.0 
de-vise : integrated querying and visualization of large datasets m livny   r ramakrishnan   ks beyer   g chen   d proc acm sigmod intl conf on management of  
a practical and modular method to implement extended transaction models r barga   c pu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
survival in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus in india a kumar   an malaviya   rr singh   yn singh   cm adya   rheumatology international   1992.0 
fast time sequence indexing for arbitrary $ \ \ big . l_p \ \ bigr . $ norms bk yi   c faloutsos proc . 26st vldb conf    
rounds on the mass and the moment of inertia of non-rotating neutron stars ag sabbadini ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1976.0 
conceptual issues in phylogeny   taxonomy   and nomenclature ap rasnitsyn contributions to zoology   1996.0 
a multi-group technique for data compression ka hazboun   ma bassiouni proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
dialogues for negotiation : agent varieties and dialogue sequences f sadri   f toni   p torroni lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
abuse   neglect   abandonment   violence   and exploitation : an analysis of all elderly patients seen in t fulmer   dj mcmahon   m baer-hines   b forget journal of emergency nursing   1992.0 
fast text access methods for optical and large magnetic disks : designs and performance comparison c faloutsos   r chan vldb   1988.0 
navigation satellite development program ( operational global navigation system development program sl lagna   rh jessen national aerospace meeting   washington   d. c   proceedings   1973.0 
networked information management nj davies   m revett bt technology journal   1997.0 
design and performance of the berkeley continuous media toolkit k mayer-patel   la rowe spie proceedings   1997.0 
inside atl g shepherd   b king  1999.0 
10.0 ou 11.0 student version   version ã © tudiante s logiciel   
land cover of washington state : description and management km cassidy  1997.0 
low temperature co-fireable ceramics : a new approach for electronic packaging al eustice   sj horowitz   jj stewart   ar travis   ht & hellip ; 36 thelectronic components conference   seattle   washington   & hellip ;    
type classification of semi-structured documents m tresch   n palmer   a luniewski proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
und lin   k.-i . ( 1995 ) . fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of c faloutsos proceedings of the 1995 int . acm/sigmod conf . on management  
use of ground rubber tires in portland cement concrete na ali   ad amos   m roberts proc int conf concrete    
the mindful camera : common sense for documentary videography b barry proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
dynamic task allocation on open heterogenous processor systems   '' s olason bt technology journal    
backen mit hanf . berauschend gut k gebhardt  1997.0 
t.   and kaiser   bl ( 1972 ) . carboxypeptidase a : a mechanistic analysis et kaiser acc . chem . res    
capacity bounds for three classes of wireless networks : asymmetric   cluster   and hybrid s toumpis   
serious hazards of transfusion annual report 1998 â ?? 99 e love   lm williamson   h cohen   h jones   a todd   k   
quad trees a data structure for retrieval on composite keys ra finkel   jl bentley acta informatica   1974.0 
helicopter modular avionic concepts a perkins european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
terrorism as an instrument of armed struggle and diplomacy : the changing face of the plo b pradhan international studies-bombay then new delhi -   2001.0 
ograniczenie uzywania substancji psychoaktywnych i zwiazanych z tym szkã ³ d zdrowotnych j sieroslawski alkoholizm i narkomania    
spectator games : a new entertainment modality of networked multiplayer games s drucker   l he   m cohen   c wong   a gupta   
an algorithm to generate sequential and parallel code with improved data locality m wolf   m lam technical report   stanford university  
mobile agent based service subscription and customization using the umts virtual home environment l hagen   j mauersberger   c weckerle computer networks   1999.0 
beyond charity : service learning for social justice rc wade social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
strengthening the student aid system in the community colleges . r johnson new directions for higher education   1982.0 
a query language for moving object trajectories hmo mokhtar   j su   
andez   sj stolfo   the merge/purge problem for large databases m hern proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
selections from the prison notebooks a gramsci   
evaluation of the one loop string path integral j polchinski communications in mathematical physics   1986.0 
performance modelling nw macfadyen bt technology journal   2003.0 
an approach to the study of ecological relationships among grassland birds ja wiens  1966.0 
interactional drama : a path to the past . tn turner   d hendricks social studies and the young learner   1989.0 
science in the courts : a comparative analysis of admissibility standards and their impact on the si gatowski   sa dobbin   jt richardson   gp ginsburg ivth european congress of psychology   athens   greece   july    
john hancock presentation at the private long-term care insurance conference m cheung san diego   ca    
some relationships between the biochemistry of photosynthesis and the gas exchange of leaves s caemmerer   gd farquhar planta   1981.0 
real-time skin rendering on graphics hardware pv sander   d gosselin   jl mitchell proceedings of acm siggraph   2004.0 
geologic map of the figueroa mountain quadrangle twj dibblee dibblee geological foundation : santa barbara   california    
alkaline metal complexes as electron-injecting layer in organic el devices j endo   j kido   t matsumoto proc . int . conf . adv. tech . polym.    
computer algebra on mimd machine jl roch   p senechaud   f sievert-rich   g villard acm sigsam bulletin   1989.0 
making sense of oneâ ?? s experience in the workplace s van stralen new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
disposable surgical face masks for preventing surgical wound infection in clean surgery a lipp   p edwards cochrane database syst review   2002.0 
analysis of the thermal expansion of anisotropic solids : application to zinc thk barron   rw munn phil . mag    
scientific and engineering innovation in the world : a new beginning mc roco & hellip ; der eidergennossischen technischen hochschule   switzerland    
embedded operating systems face greater productivity demands l werner electronic design    
strukturnaya khimiya ss batsanov fakty i  
bias   responsiveness   swing   majoritarianism and disproportionality : sense and nonsense in the b monroe presentedatthe1998politicalmethodologymeeting   san diego    
a language for interoperability in relational mulitdatabase systems s lakshaman   s subramanian  1996.0 
definition and evaluation of access rules in data management systems eb fernandez   rc summers   t lang vldb    
hdeye : visual mining of highdimensional data ( demo ) a hinneburg   da keim   m wawryniuk  2002.0 
the federal role in graduate program innovation . tj linneyâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   1984.0 
potential benefits of internet-based project control systems-a study on monthly billings processing a barron   m fischer cife   stanford university   stanford   cife   technical report    
from penteli to parthenon m corres  1993.0 
loadbalancinganddatalocalityinhierarchicaln-bodymethods jp singh   c holt   t totsuka   a gupta   jl hennessy technical report csl-tr-92-505   stanford university    
integrating bbl-style control into the generic blackboard system pm johnson   dd corkhill   kq gallagher aaai workshop on blackboard systems   seattle   washington   & hellip ;    
methodological and institutional problems in organized crime control p reuter & hellip ; institute of justice symposium proceedings ( september 25â ?? & hellip ;    
prediction of malignancy in solitary thyroid nodules lw kendall   re condon lancet i   1969.0 
harnessing implicit knowing to improve medical practice . nc boreham new directions for adult and continuing education   1992.0 
acta : a framework for specifying and reasoning about transaction structure and behavior pk chrysathis   k ramamritham proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
exercise in modelling d andrews information and software technology   1996.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations ; m markham   gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 
distributed component object model protocol -- dcom/1 .0   ( 1996 ) n brown   
systematic construction of programs for distributed memory systems m raji-werth   p feautrier procs of the int . workshop on compiler for parallel & hellip ;    
studies on the immunohistochemical localization of s-100 and glial fibrillary acidic proteins in the h yamaguchi no to shinkei   1980.0 
past and future trends for portable tools interfaces . ne peeling   dp youll information and software technology   1989.0 
using tool abstraction to compose systems d garlan   ge kaiser   d notkin   
strong components d knuth technical report 004639   computer science department   stanford  
indoor vehicle navigation by means of signs g adorni   g destri   m mordonini   
phylip   version 3.5 c j delsenstein university of washington   seattle   washington    
early and late systemic hypotens ion as a frequent and fundamental source of cerebral ischemia rm chesnut   sb marshall   j piek   ba blunt acta neurochirurgica supplementum-wien -   1993.0 
moral hazard and insurance contracts ra winter contributions to insurance economics    
taxation and social insurance b dahlby taxation to    
an ontological analysis of the relationship construct in conceptual modeling y wand   vc storey   r weber acm transactions on database systems   1999.0 
a tool for content based navigation of music s blackburn   
overseas pleasure travel motivations of older alumnae of a japanese womenâ ?? s university s takaya  2002.0 
ogneupory lb khoroshavin   va perepelitsyn   ti boriskova no . i    
virtual teams : a review of current literature and directions for future research a powell   g piccoli   b ives data base for advances in information systems   2004.0 
t echnologie de lã?igname : apres-reâ ? colte etude de du stockage t raditionnel en l ã?ameâ ? o girardin swiss federal institute of technology   zurich   switzerland    
a genetic algorithm for fragment allocation in a distributed database system a corcoran   j hale proc . 1994 acm symp . applied computing   1994.0 
schemasql-a language for interoperability in relational multi-database systems f sadri   in subramanian   lvs lakshmanan  1996.0 
conference m technolo & hellip ; methods in nuclear erwineering montreal   canada   june    
tapes hold data too : challenges on tertiary storage mj carey   lm hass   m livny sigmod record    
pull for broadcast data s acharya   m franklin   s zdonik   b push proc . acm sigmod conf.   tucson   az   may    
space thermionic nuclear power systems of a new generation with the electric generation systems vi yarygin   ga kuptsov   va evtikhinâ ? ¦ at .  
the ansa project and standards aj herbert acm press frontier series   1990.0 
uml activity diagrams as a workflow specification language m dumas   ahm hofstede lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
toward computer-supported concurrent software engineering p dewan   
fast decipherment algorithm for rsa public-key cryptosystem c couvreur   j quisquater electronic letters    
once upon a time past -- history in the elementary classroom . ls levstik social studies and the young learner   1989.0 
the jobs evaluation : monthly participation rates in three sites and factors affecting participation g hamilton   
nearest-neighbor search in medical image databases f korn   n sidiropoulos   c faloutsos   e siegel   z proc . conf . very large data bases ( vldb )    
beam profile measurements at 40mhz in the ps to sps transfer channel g ferioli   jj gras   
chem . 2002   277   5699â ?? 5702 ; m. zhang   w. wang ay hung   m sheng   j biol acc . chem . res    
three essays on asymmetric information and financial contracting   ph. d. dissertation r moore university of wisconsin    
xslt 2.0 programmer 's reference wrox   3rd edition ( august 9   2004 ) m kay   
coherent arbitrariness : duration-sensitive pricing of hedonic stimuli around an arbitrary anchor d ariely   g loewenstein   d prelec   
towards a 4/3 approximation for the asymmetric traveling salesman problem r carr   s vempala   
computer hardware and software bz gottesman pc magazine   november    
the role of ad hoc networks in mobility a readhead   s trill bt technology journal   2003.0 
calcitonin gene-related peptide vasodilation of human pulmonary vessels dg mccormack   jcw mak   sm studies endothelium ( n = i  
sedimentology and brachiopod biostratigraphy of the ordovician ( mohawkian ) decorah formation [ ph. d. nr emerson university of wisconsin    
characterization of a novel heart and respiratory rate sensor jl jacobs   p embree   m glei   s christensen   pk   
access signallingâ ?? q. 2931 and related standards b law   rr knight bt technology journal   1998.0 
data in your face : push technology in perspective m franklin   s zdonik   
independent quantization : an index compression technique for high-dimensional data spaces s berchtold   c boehm   hv jagadish   hp kriegel   j   
factors influencing career choices of native american and caucasian american high school students : a cm doud  2003.0 
languages for multi-database interoperability g frederic   vs lakshmanan laks   n subramaman iyer   ptoc . of the acm sigmod   tucson   arizona   may    
jussi myllymaki h devices  1997.0 
developing an operational water temperature model for the columbia river system b tanovan   rg willey water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
continuous queries over append-only databases l liu   c pu   r barga   t zhou acm sigmod conference    
tertiary storage support for large-scale multidimensional array database management systems b reiner   k hahn   
catalytic asymmetric synthesis mj o'donnell   i ojima ojima i    
data presented at the glancing incidence optics fabrication workshop   hosted by the optics branch of j osantowski md    
synchrotron radiation : new research opportunities for the next decade ( abstract only ) b batterman oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
stuttering treatment rating recorder ( strr ) version 2.0 ( computer program ) s fowler   r ingham university of california   santa barbara    
attribution and the psychology of prediction re nisbett   e borgida journal of personality and social psychology    
on hamiltonâ ?? s quadratic equation and the general unilateral equation in matrices jj sylvester phil . mag   1884.0 
energy consumption of tcp reno   tcp newreno   and sack in multihop wireless networks h singh   p singh proceedings of acm  
arbitrary q-factor dielectric resonator k hoffmann   v sokol   
face detection using a mixture of subspaces e taå?lidere  2002.0 
modelisation de systemes dâ ?? ordre non entierâ ?? j lin   t poinot proceedings of jdaâ ?? 99 journees doctorales  
specification-based coverage criteria for adl . r doong   s sankar submitted for publication    
trust and adaptation in relational contracting fl jeffries   r reed academy of management review   2000.0 
put your money where your mouth is : a case study jd north new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
thermochemical analysis of oxidation and corrosion processes in high temperature fuel cells p singh   zg yang 131st tms annual meeting   seattle washington   feb    
and va matusevich lp chernov   vv kezyr at .  
understanding : a taxonomy and performance factors . melville ti ã?ren d. thiel proceedings of foodsim    
standards for intelligent networks rm stretch   pm adams bt technology journal   2005.0 
a framework for argumentation-based negotiation c sierra   nr jennings   p noriega   s parsons lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
the use of integrated remotely sensed and gis data to determine causes of vegetation cover change in s ringrose   c vanderpost   w matheson applied geography   1996.0 
reconstruction procedure for identifying cracks m ikehata   g nakamura submitted for  
direct measurement of localized joule heating in silicon devices by means of newly developed high a yasuda   h yamaguchi   y tanabe   n owada   s proc . int . rel   1991.0 
how to construct optimal one-time signatures k bicakci   g tsudik   b tung computer networks   2003.0 
performance analysis of recovery techniques a reuter acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1984.0 
advances in public-key certificate standards w ford acm sigsac review   1995.0 
automatically deriving odes from process algebra models of signalling pathways m calder   s gilmore   j hillston submitted for publication   2005.0 
decentralizing execution of composite web services mg nanda   s chandra   v sarkar   
realtime gesture-speech human interface on notebook size personal computer r oka   h takahashi   t mukai   t nishimura   t endo   aaai-98 intelligent system demonstration   madison  
manage my inventory or else ! m betts computerworld    
efficient algorithm for bcnf-decomposition wy lin information and software technology   1992.0 
feature interaction in policies s reiff-marganiec   kj turner computer networks   2004.0 
the stanford dash multiprocessor j laudon   d lenoskiâ ? ¦ ieee computer    
regulation of the activity of the transcription factor runx2 by two homeobox proteins   msx2 and dlx5 k shirakabe   k terasawa   k miyama   h shibuya   e genes to cells   2001.0 
wan and aj elliot s jk acc . chem . res    
analyzing your options j seymour pc magazine   september    
the structure of metastable precipitates formed during aging of an al-mg-si alloy mh jacobs phil . mag.   1972.0 
architectural innovation and modular corporate forms dc galunic   km eisenhardt academy of management journal   2001.0 
on the complexity of join queries m gyssens acm transactions on database systems    
kinetics of the acid catalyzed conversion of xylose to furfural df root  1956.0 
large classes and learning . c knapper new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0 
an area-efficient standard-cell floating-point unit design for a processing-in-memory system js moon   tj kwon   j sondeen   j draper   
evaluation of process tools in systems analysis n gorla   hc pu   wo rom information and software technology   1995.0 
biochemical tests for cultivar identification sr draper   rj cooke international seed testing association   zurich   switzerland    
pattern recognition and neural networks s theodoridis   k koutroumbas   
calibration of scintillation cells for radon-222 measurements ( abstract only ) k aakko   e oksanen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
the x-tree : an index structure for highdimensional data . 22nd conf . on very large databases s berchtold   d keim   hp kriegel bombay   india    
on the construction problem for markov chains d williams probability theory and related fields   1964.0 
glucocorticoids for croup k russell   n wiebe   a saenz   sm ausejo   d johnson   cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
gnutella   chapter 8 in peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies a oram  2001.0 
mobile agent standards and available platforms [ j ] kp menelaos   gc fotis   sv iakovos   m gennaro computer networks    
on computing restricted projections of representative instances y sagiv proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
non-functional requirements analysis : deficiencies in structured methods dj grimshaw   gw draper information & software technology   2001.0 
analysis and simulation of prediction errors for wind power productions reported to nordpool ha nielsen imm   technical university of denmark    
analysis of an nn + low-high junction and the application to integrated injection logic devices tl gannon ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1980.0 
recovering feature and observer position by projected error refinement gs bestor  1998.0 
top surface imaging lithography processes for i-line resists using liquid-phase silylation k arshak   m mihov   a arshak   d mcdonagh   
the x-tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles s berchtold   d keim   hp kriegel proc . 1996 int . conf . very large data  
high-bandwidth options : adsl vs. cable j ozer pc  
understanding the factors influencing the performance of software development groups : an exploratory b lakhanpal information and software technology   1993.0 
nist chemical kinetics database : ver . 6.0   national institute of standards and technology   wg mallard   f westley   jt herron   rf hampson   dh md    
columbia university press ny new york   
deadlock prevention in a distributed database system pk reddy   s bhalla acm sigmod record   1993.0 
capacity bounds for three types of wireless networks : asymmetric   cluster and hybrid s toumpis proc . acm mobihoc   roppongi   japan   may    
radionuclides in terrestial ecosystems   1981 kl bocock   
qos control versus generous dimensioning dm johnson bt technology journal   2005.0 
distributed deadlock detection r obermarck acm transactions on database systems    
a framework for understanding distributed ( deadlock detection ) algorithms hf korth   r krishnamurthy   a nigam   jt robinson proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1983.0 
modular grammar engineering in gf a ranta   
: adeclarativeapproachtothespecification of a transaction modification subsystem p grefen procs . 19th int . conf . on very large data  
interspecific relationships and habitat utilization among benthivorous cichlids m yuma   t kondo see ref    
updating xml . acm intl i tatarinov   zg ives   a halevy   d weld conference on management of data ( sigmod )    
medical education in the united states and canada : a report to the carnegie foundation for the a flexner  1910.0 
curvature of the probability weighting function g wu   r gonzalez management science   1996.0 
the impact of mothers ' gender-role stereotypic beliefs on mothers ' and children 's ability je jacobs   js eccles journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0 
using semantic networks for database management n roussopoulos   j mylopoulos vldb    
the assessment center construct-related validity paradox : a case of construct misspecification w arthur   t tubre see quinones    
optimization of externally modulated analog optical links ge betts   lm johnson proc . spie   1991.0 
improvement of nephrotoxicity   hypertension   and lipid metabolism after conversion of kidney s friemann   e feuring   w padberg   w ernst transplantation proceedings   1998.0 
a ( 2001 ) . simulating the evolution of modular neural systems j bullinaria proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the cognitive  
modelling the spatial distribution of suburban crime ma brown economic geography   1982.0 
object model for database end-user interfaces-in proc m gyssens   j paredaens   dvga graph-oriented acm sigmod conference on the management of data   atlantic  
graph grammar engineering with progres a schuerr   aj winter   a zuendorf lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
viewing assessment as an innovation : leadership and the change process pj gray new directions for higher education   1997.0 
probabilistic optimization of top n queries ddr ramakrishnan  1999.0 
fat trees : univ. networks for hardware efficient supercomputing ce leiserson ieee  
contracts for inter-organizational workflow management m koetsier   p grefen   j vonk procs . 1st int . conf . electr . commerce and web  
argumentation and qualitative decision making s parsons   s green lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
on-line handwriting recognition using character bigram match vectors a el-nasan   
filter banks allowing perfect reconstruction . m vetterli signal proc.   1986.0 
parametrization of all decoupling compensators and all achievable diagonal maps for the unity - ieeexplore.ieee.org   
the enantioselective synthesis of-amino acids by phase-transfer catalysis with achiral schiff base mj o'donnell acc . chem . res   2004.0 
a strawman analysis of the probability of wait and deadlock . technical report rj2131   ibm san jose j gray   p homan   hf korth   r obermarck proceedings of acm-sigmod 1996 intcrnational conference on & hellip ;    
heterogeneous nuclear rna-ribonucleoprotein f binds to dna via an oligo ( dg ) - motif and is associated t yoshida   k kokura   y makino   v ossipow   t tamura genes to cells   1999.0 
broadcast disks : data management for asymmetric communications environments sa vi   r alonso   m franklin   s zdonik proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of  
electrochemical power conversion ar despic proc of the 29th iupac congress cologne   1983.0 
ordered packet scheduling in wireless ad hoc networks : mechanisms and performance analysis v kanodia   c li   a sabharwal   b sadeghi   e proceedings of acm  
beirutâ ?? s memoryside : hear no evil   see no evil afh naccache see meskell    
music of young children pf studies santa barbara   california : pillsbury foundation for & hellip ;    
technologies for e-services f casati   d georgakopoulos   
on user criteria for data model evaluation wc mcgee acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
the nimble integration system d draper   ay halevy   ds weld proc . of sigmod    
incremental maintenance od externally materialized views m staudy   m jarke the proceedings of the 22th very large database ( vldb ) & hellip ;    
symmetric and asymmetric traffic in multitier cellular systems a iera   a molinaro   s marano submitted for  
a. sangiovanni-vincentelli   â ?? interface-based design   â ?? ja rowson proc . acm/ieee design automution conf    
a methodology for the creation of user views during database design vc storey   rc goldstein acm trans . database systems    
automatic generation of self-test programsâ ?? a new feature of the mimola design system g krã 1/4 ger proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
e-commerceâ ?? s garage-band days are over m wagner   
lof : identifying densitybased local outliers   acm sigmod conference   vol mm breunig   hp kriegel   rt ng   j sander dallas   tx   may    
the merge/purge problem for large databases s stolfo proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;   1995.0 
a scheme for predicting user-perceived networked application performance ma oliver   iw phillips   dj parish   kr bharadia bt technology journal   1999.0 
high-frequency ceramic dielectrics and their application for microwave components w wersing electronic ceramics   1991.0 
computers in modern ~ ociecy rj kochenburger   cj turcio hamilton publishing   santa barbara    
factors influencing detection probabilities and the benefits of call broadcast surveys for cj conway   jp gibbs md    
real time traffic measurements for high-speed networks pc hershey   cb silio   jg waclawsky bt technology journal   1995.0 
a polarized view of string topology   available at math r cohen   v godin   
the cyber all project : a personal store for everything cg bell   
all about me : a personal heritage project s czartoski   mg hickey social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
newly developed economical and efficient push/pull hemodiafiltration t shinzato   k fujisawa   s nakai   m miwa contributions to nephrology   1994.0 
business networks and transnational corporations : a study of hong kong firms in the asean region hwc yeung economic geography   1997.0 
d. ( 1995 ) . fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of traditional and c faloutsos   ki lin proceedings of  
distributed transaction support for workflow management applications j vonk   p grefen   e boertjes   p apers procs . 10th int . conf . on database and expert system & hellip ;    
compositional specification of timed systems j sifakis   s yovine lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
in what sense a region ? place hybridity   symbolic shape   and institutional formation in ( post - ) g macleod political geography   1998.0 
normalisation and hierarchical dependencies in the relational data model   acm tans c delobel database syst    
modular implementation of extended transaction models rs barga   c pu   a practical proceedings of the 21th international conference on very  
the loop compiler for java and jml j van den berg   b jacobs lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
calculation of transonic laminar and turbulent flow past a delta wing   helsinki university of p kaurinkoski   t siikonen   
data domain description by support vectors d tax   r duin proceedings esann    
racism at the top r wodak   ta van dijk unpublished manuscript   1997.0 
introduction to fourier optics 1mcgraw-hill jw goodman new york    
multiple audience problem : a strategic communication perspective on social perception jh fleming   jm darley   jl hilton   ba kojetin journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 
tempos : a platform for developing temporal applications on top of object dbms m dumas   mc fauvet   pc scholl ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
on name generation and set-based analysis in the dolev-yao model rm amadio   w charatonik lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
the stanford graph base   p. 77â ?? 89 de knuth  1993.0 
distance string models for program behavior jr spirn ieee computer    
criteria for selecting transportation research proposals . t northwest university of washington   seattle   washington   may    
theseus   perseus m stephanides   g stephanides  1992.0 
a trajectory splitting model for efficient spatio-temporal indexing s rasetic   j sander   j elding   ma nascimento proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
classes and subclasses in actor-oriented design ea lee   
logic and algebraic languages for interoperability in multidatabase systems lvs lakshmanan   f sadri   in subramanian   
callow . m and speed   t. ( 2000 ) . statistical methods for identifying differentially expressed genes in y dudoit   h yang technical report # 578   stanford : stanford  
effectiveness of virtual learning environments in basic skills business education : a field study in r ahmad   g piccoli   b ives   
analog technology of all varieties dominate isscc f goodenough electronic design    
recursively generated b-spline surfaces on arbitrary topological meshes e catmull   j clark seminal graphics : poineering efforts that shaped the field & hellip ;   1998.0 
civic ideal into practice : democracy in the elementary school . curriculum concerns . r wade social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
science ( washington   dc )   222   1087 ( 1983 ) ; ru lemieux r wolfenden acc . chem . res    
a variable span smoother . dept jh friedman  1984.0 
amplification and direct sequencing of fung al ribosomal rna genes for phylogenetics . innis m   tj white   t bruns   s leeâ ? ¦  1990.0 
mean squared load criteria for scheduling independent tasks g dzemyda applied mathematics and computer science   1999.0 
deming prize : no longer a stranger at home c hildebrand computerworld    
the reproductive biology of the cotton-top tamarin ( saguinus oedipus ) in colombia [ phd dissertation ] a savage university of wisconsin    
e-services : current technologies and open issues t pilioura   a tsalgatidou proc . of vldb-tesâ ?? 01    
an innate sense of danger p matzinger annals-new york academy of sciences   2002.0 
new product search over time : past ideas in their prime ? r katila   
between trust and control : developing confidence in partner cooperation in alliances tk das   bs teng the academy of management review   1998.0 
a new micrograin cemented carbide alloy gs tendolkar   s singh powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ]   bombay   india & hellip ;   1980.0 
optimistic methods for concurrency control in distributed database systems g schlageter vldb    
the impact of family status on black   white   and hispanic women 's commuting v preston   s mclafferty   e hamilton urban geography   1993.0 
a new deadlock detection algorithms for distributed real-time database sys terns c yeung   s hung   
transactions modeling c rolland   c richard proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
statistical analyses and reproducible research r gentleman   dt lang unpublished manuscript   2004.0 
a review of acoustooptical deflection and modulation devices ei gordon   
video anywhere : a system for searching and managing distributed heterogeneous video assets a sheth   c bertram   k shah acm sigmod record   1999.0 
hardware architecture for the montgomery modular multiplication n nedjah   lm mourelle wseas transaction on systems   athens   greece    
acta : a framework for specifying and reasoning about transaction structure and behavior pk chrysanthis   k ramamritham proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1990.0 
measurements of cp-2 co-polar and cross-polar antenna illumination functions at s and x band rj keeler   ph herzegh   cl frush conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
preplasticity and the theory of thermally activated phenomena lp kubin phil . mag.   1974.0 
innovation diffusion : retrospect and prospect la brown geography    
misure dell ` occupazione temporanea : consistenza   dinamica e caratteristiche di uno stock eterogeneo b anastasia   d maurizio i tartufi    
tests of prospect theories in gambles displayed in matrix and text formats with positive and mh birnbaum submitted for  
denning and related activities of black bears in the coastal plain of north carolina rj hamilton   rl marchinton international conference on bear research and management    
distributed deadlock detection algorithm r obermarck acm transactions on database systems   1982.0 
beam in gap measurements at the sns front-end   s assadi   w blokland   c deibele   w grice   j   
acceleration support by integrated starter/alternator for automotive applications r jayabalan   a emadi proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2004.0 
the powerset operator as a result of adding programming constructs to the nested algebra m gyssens   d van gucht proceedings acm sigmod    
hit or miss : how librarians find out about new technology . je klobas   l clyde electronic library   1990.0 
acta : a framework for specifying and reasoning about transactions pk chrysanthis   k ramamritham proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
fast electron generation and transport in a turbulent magnetized plasma madison phd thesis mr stoneking university of wisconsin    
long air bubbles in a vertical tube ah gibson phil . mag    
simulating the impact of information flows in networked organizations p peters   m jarke   
modelling issues of wireless lans for accident and emergency departments ka banitsas   r istepanian   
stairways to heaven : an interlocking self-regulation model of negotiation jf brett   gb northcraft   rl pinkley the academy of management review   1999.0 
computer hardware description languages : the bridge between software and hardware mr barbacci   t uehara ieee computer    
devise : integrated querying and visual exploration of large datasets ( demo abstract ) m livny   r ramakrishnan   ks beyer   g chen   d sigmod conference   1997.0 
determination of as and se in seawater by flow injection vapor generation etv-icp-ms jw lam   re sturgeon  1999.0 
synthesis and biodegradation of azopolymers for colon-site specific drug delivery systems [ c ] jh chen   qy chen   jr sheng proc of 29th inter . symp on controlled release of bioactive & hellip ;    
model-matching approach to h ^ filtering ys hung   
a cost model for nearest neighbor search in high-dimensional data space s berchtold   hp kriegel   
deep blue 's hardware-software synergy s hamilton   l garber   
compression for venous leg ulcers n cullum   ea nelson   aw fletcher   ta sheldon cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
late night vrml 2.0 with java   1997 b roehl   j couch   c reed-ballreich   t rohaly   g   
single-crystal gaas films for nuclear radiation detectors vm zaletin   ii protasov   oa matveevâ ? ¦ at .  
photobiol . a : chem . 1996   99   85 ; b ) wdw horrocks jr   dr sudnick m elbanowski   b makowska   j photochem acc . chem . res    
the changing face of freeware j edwards ieee computer   1998.0 
the application of backpropagation neural networks to predict the results of combat da jacobs   wo hedgepeth   
successful experience of using function points to estimate project costs early in the life-cycle r betteridge information and software technology    
a continuum approach to the mechanics of contracting skeletal muscle awj gielen   
forage digestibility and fitness in grizzly bears fl bunnell   t hamilton international conference on bear research and management    
gnutella   peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies   a. oram g kan  2001.0 
a uml 2.0 profile for systemc : toward high-level soc design e riccobene   p scandurra   a rosti   s bocchio proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
hamilton cycles in split graphs with large minimum degree nd tan   lx hung discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2004.0 
harnessing women 's work : restructuring agricultural and industrial labor forces in the dominican lt raynolds economic geography   1998.0 
a comparative analysis of iddq vs. delay fault methods for defect-oriented testing of cmos circuits ht vierhaus   w meyer   u glaser proc . int . test conf    
interactive and formal specification of userâ ?? s views in data base design c baldissera   s ceri   g palegatti   g bracchi proceedings of the international conference on very large  
success with outsourcing and function pointsâ ?? doâ ?? s and donâ ?? ts ca dekkers procs . of software measurement european forum    
critical pegagogy : a foundation for student empowerment . perspectives . n ukpokoduâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
aspect-oriented web service composition with ao4bpel a charfi   m mezini lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
a proof of menger 's theorem by contraction f goring discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2002.0 
management information systems   bestwise ( pub . )   1998 tf wu   cc hsieh   
corticosteroids for chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy ( cochrane review ) mm mehndiratta   rac hughes cochrane database syst . rev   2001.0 
monadic regions m fluet   g morrisett   
taxonomy and structure of polish personalityrelevant adjectives p szarota unpublished manuscript    
tutorial on cluster discovery methods for large bases a hinneburg   da keim proc . of acm sigmod conf . on data management    
washington   dc : national science foundation . 1998 w monograph   
secure   reliable   transacted web services : architecture and composition df ferguson   t storey   b lovering   j shewchuk   
shortliffe   e.   and fallat   r. ( 1982 ) . pu : an expert system for interpretation of pulmonary function j aikins   j kunz technical report   stanford  
distributed processing over stand-alone systems and applications g alonso   c hagen   hj schek   m tresch vldb   1997.0 
the impacts of supported work on youth . ra maynard the national supported work demonstration   madison    
on james bernoulli 's theorem in probability l rayleigh phil . mag    
r. pound   g   cox   sj ( 2003 ) towards the semantic grid : putting knowledge to work in design f tao   l chen   n shadbolt 3rd international conference of knowledge  
intelligent selection of instances for prediction functions in lazy learning algorithms j zhang   ys yim   j yang artificial intelligence review   1997.0 
scheduling policy for an ondemand video server with batching a dan   d sitaram   p shahabuddin proc . acm  
severity assessment of erp-organization misalignment : honing in on ontological structure and context sk sia   c soh proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;    
two algorithms to construct matrix modifications keeping essentially unaltered sets of eigenvalues s noschese   l pasquini   
identifying effects of income on childrenâ ?? s development : integrating an instrumental variables p morris   l gennetian new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
criteria for rating the intensity of overexcitabilities rf fak   mm piechowski   s lind unpublished manuscript    
a graph-oriented object model for database end-user interfaces m gyssens   j paredaens   
using linked micromap plots to characterize omernik ecoregions db carr   ar olsen   sm pierson   jyp courbois data mining and knowledge discovery   2000.0 
harnessing a hurricane : social studies in action . kl floyd social studies and the young learner   1991.0 
visionary : a next generation visualization system for databases m stonebraker   
orthotic devices for the treatment of tennis elbow pa struijs   n smidt   h arola   c van dijk   r cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
in search of standards jb baron   rm baron new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
andstanley zdonik . scramblingquery planstocope withunexpected delays s acharya   m franklin proceedings of the 1997 acm-sigmod  
common sense on the go : giving mobile applications an understanding of everyday life h lieberman   a faaborg   j espinosa   t stocky bt technology  
a homogeneous network for data-sharing communications eg manning   r peebles computer networks    
a spatial model of effectiveness criteria : towards a competing values approach to organizational re quinn   j rohrbaugh management science   1983.0 
the use of modular organizational forms : an industry-level analysis ma schilling   hk steensma academy of management journal   2001.0 
business-driven sense s atre computerworld    
fiber structure formation in high-speed melt spinning of sheath-core type bicomponent fibers t kikutani   s arikawa   a takaku   n okui fiber   1995.0 
an efficient structure for string databases t kahveci   ak singh vldb   rome   september    
performance relighting and reflectance transformation with time-multiplexed illumination a wenger   a gardner   c tchou   j unger   t hawkins   proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 
strategy making and structure : analysis and implications for performance d miller the academy of management journal   1987.0 
development of technology for harvesting and transplanting subtidal juvenile pacific razor clams   na rickard   ra newman mw.   seattle   washington . june    
user modelling in computer-based critics t mastaglio   
generation of slow inhibitory and excitatory postsynaptic potentials b libet fed proc   1970.0 
cellstreamâ ?? pilot customer experience j chauhan   id gallagher bt technology journal   1998.0 
ambulatory venous pressure measurements a kriessman see ref    
a logic for probability in quantum systems r van der meyden   m patra lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
the solution of nonlinear operator equations with critical points . j davis  1966.0 
to hear all voices : a broader view of faculty scholarship l richlin new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
data compression for randomly addressed files d wilkes msc . thesis   department of computer science   university of  
you ca n't not believe everything you read dt gilbert   rw tafarodi   ps malone journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
exploring the tensions of problem-based learning : insights from research w hung   jh bailey   dh jonassen new directions for teaching and learning   2003.0 
hsg48   reducing error and influencing behaviour uk hse isbn    
maximum likelihood   consistency and data envelopment analysis : a statistical foundation rd banker management science   1993.0 
balancing push and pull for broadcast data s acharya   m franklin   s zdonik proc . acm sigmod conf.   tucson   az   may    
software componentsâ ?? i hardware proc .  
human neutrophils utilize a rac/cdc42-dependent mapk pathway to direct intracellular granule b zhong   k jiang   dl gilvary   pk epling-burnette   blood-new york -   2003.0 
face and tone of voice in the communication of deception m zuckerman   md amidon   se bishop   sd pomerantz journal of personality and social psychology    
cytomegalovirus vaccine trial in 400 renal transplant candidates hh balfour jr   pk welo   gw sachs transplant proc    
data compression in oracle m poess   d potapov proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
a. rowe . thedesignofpost-gres m stonebrakerandl proceedings of the acm sigmod 1986 international conference & hellip ;    
dynamic optimistic interprocedural analysis : a framework and an application i pechtchanski   v sarkar   
the major seventh : standards as a leading tone in higher education . c adelman new directions for higher education   1983.0 
automatic conversion of vhdl programs into cases p gomes   c bento   
s80-radtmo   goddard space flight center   greenbelt jv dave   nr no md    
using active learning in college classes : a range of options for faculty   edited by tracey e. m mosely new directions for teaching and  
voice vs. data : estimates of media usage and network traffic am noll   
algal class abundances in the western equatorial pacific : estimation from hplc measurements of dj mackey   hw higgins   md mackey   d holdsworth deep-sea research i   1998.0 
exploiting versions for handling updates in broadcast disks e pitoura   pk chrysanthis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 
components of reward in social dilemmas ss komorita   jm barth journal of personality and social psychology   1985.0 
from welfare to work : summary jm gueron   e pauly   cm lougy  1991.0 
face to virtual face n magnenat-thalmann   p kalra   m escher proc . ieee    
keram a majdic   o grewen   ae noware z     no . i    
detecting deception from the body or face p ekman   wv friesen journal of personality and social psychology    
london   1991 m artin   ph algebra   
the powerset algebra as a result of adding programming constructs to the nested relational algebra m gyssens   d van gucht proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1988.0 
towards a taxonomy of intrusion-detection systems h debar   m dacier   a wespi  1999.0 
next century challenges : scalable coordination in sensor networks der govindan proc . acm/ieee conf . mobicom &#39; 99    
restructuring large classes to create communities of learners j macgregor new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0 
redefining instructional materials : social science 2000 connections   challenges   choices . curriculum r wadeâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
high-performance string searching : how a smart algorithm can make a big difference j prosise pc magazine    
rate adaptation transcoding for precoded video streams z lei   nd georganas   
development of flip chip csp package hp pu   yc tsai   yp wang   td her at  
modeltng concept8 for vlsi cad objecte ds batory   w kim acm transactions on database systems   ( 10 )    
parameter identification of linear systems using nonlinear noninvertible measurements ds bayard   m eslami proceedings of the 23rd  
exercise to improve self-esteem in children and young people e ekeland   f heian   kb hagen   j abbott   l nordheim cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
h ~ multivariable-control-law synthesis mj grimble   
transplantation of human hepatocytes sc strom   ws rubinstein   ja barranger   rb towbin   transplantation proceedings   1997.0 
my language   my culture : international variations in standards for english jc stalker new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
signs make sense c smith  1990.0 
multiservice platforms for data services dj lewis   on wheeler   mj warner   d newey   s bt technology journal   1998.0 
corporate intrauets l erlauger pc magazine australia   june    
compressed suffix arrays and suffix trees with applications to text indexing and string matching r grossi   js vitter   
data structure for association rule mining : t-tree and p-trees . f coene   p leng   s ahmed ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering    
self-directed learning r caffarella new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
norm-based regularization of boosting . submitted to y guo   p bartlett   a smola   rc williamson journal of machine learning research    
rt ng     and j. sander . lof : identifying density-based local outliers mm breuing   hp kriegel  2000.0 
initial trials with commercial micropropagation of birch selections b mccown   r amos proc int plant prop soc    
pleistocene mammals of north america : columbia university press b kurtã © n   e anderson new york    
the roentgenographic findings associated with air embolism in sport scuba divers cp harker   ts neuman   lk olson   i jacoby journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
utility of the creatinine prior to intravenous contrast studies in the emergency department jc olsen   b salomon journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
broadcast disks : data management for asymmetric communication environments s acharya   r alonso   m franklin   s zdonik sigmod conference   1995.0 
utilization of mycorrhizal fungi in citrus nurseries ja menge   h lembright   elv johnson proc int soc citriculture    
semantics of relations and the decomposition process in the relational data model c delobel acm transactions on database systems    
gain measurements in optically pumped   far-infrared laser media a semet   s obenschain   nc luhmann jr & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
the development and enforcement of group norms dc feldman the academy of management review   1984.0 
a type-theoretic foundation of continuations and prompts zm ariola   h herbelin   a sabry   
grammar-based specification and synthesis for synchronous digital hardware design a seawright  1994.0 
cover your assets ma olson sigmod conference   1995.0 
tioga : providing data management support for visualization applications   '' in m stonebrakerâ ? ¦ proceedings of vldb  
caregiver burden in dementia : evaluation with a japanese version of the zarit caregiver burden n hirono   h kobayashi   e mori no to shinkei   1998.0 
a randomized controlled trial of buffered lidocaine for local anesthetic infiltration in children dm fatovich   ig jacobs journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
the role of the cio and it function in erp lp willcocks   r sykes communications-acm   2000.0 
networked multimedia event exploration p appan   h sundaram proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
design and evaluation of incremental data structures and algorithms for dynamic query interfaces   '' e tanin   
high contention in a stock trading database : a case study p peinl   a reuter   h sammer proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1988.0 
alpha-lipoic acid   alike anethole dithiolethione   but in contrast to n-acetylcysteine stimulates j flier   fl van muiswinkel   cam jongenelen   fm   
a platform for rapid composition of web services in a peer-to-peer environment qz sheng   b benatallah proceedings of the 28th vldb conference   hong kong   china    
analysis of dopamine diffusion in the extracellular space of the retina b wichern   p rujan proceedings of the 23rd goã?ttingen neurobiology conference    
admission control and resource reservation for session-based applications in next generation m cuevas bt technology journal   2005.0 
modula a language for modular multlprogrammmg res rep 18 n wroth inst fur informauk   zurich   switzerland    
court : disability law does n't apply to web p thibodeau computerworld    
shuffles parallel processing data ic novel electronic  
an auditory model based transcriber of singing sequences lp clarisse   jp martens   m lesaffre   b de baets   h   
auditory representations in phonology es flemming  2002.0 
a fast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia datasets c faloutsos   k lin management of  
prefetching in realtime database applications h wedekind   g zoerntlein proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1986.0 
updating xml i tatarnov   zg ives   ay halevy   ds wed proceedings of sigmodâ ?? 01    
flight test of arn-99 / v/2 omega navigation set in f-4 aircraft ej smith omega symposium   2 nd   washington   d. c   proceedings   1974.0 
deadlock detection in distributed databases r culler   
harnessing perception of image quality to guide graphics rendering e horvitz   j lengyel   k larson   m czerwinski technical report microsoft research technical report msr-tr-97 -  
modulation features of galactic cosmic rays in 1982 ga bazilevskaya   ns svirzhevsky   yi stozhkov   ev proc . 21st int . cosmic ray conf   1990.0 
some applications of pq-groups in graph theory g exoo   
anycasting-based protocol for geocast service in mobile ad hoc networks yb ko   nh vaidya computer networks   2003.0 
laser phase and frequency stabilization using an optical resonator rwp drever   jl hall   fv kowalski   j hough   gm ford applied physics b : lasers and optics   1983.0 
designing the user interface : strategies for effective human-computer interaction   third b shneiderman   
resource discovery in ad hoc networks d tang   c chang   k tanaka   m baker   
determinants of innovative behavior : a path model of individual innovation in the workplace sg scott   ra bruce the academy of management journal   1994.0 
c. harford   b. sarkar ã ? ã 1/4 ber das atcun-strukturelement acc . chem . res    
the x-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional data . 22nd conf . on very large database   1996 s berchtold   d keim   hp kriegel bombay    
interpolating subdivision for meshes with arbitrary topology d zorin   p schroder   w sweldens proceedings of siggraph   1996.0 
energy conversion conf mp generation   d transmission athens-greece   nov. .  
managing innovation portfolio experiences and lessons in china q xu   b guo   j chen international engineering management conference   1996.0 
ifind ca system for semantics and feature based image retrieval over internet hj zhang   l wenyin   c hu   
lfathias jp seto ct   chin d.   mammen m. and gordon d. m gm whitesides   ee simanek   jp mathias acc . chem . res    
canonical representations for residue classes of a polynomial ideal m lauer u > proc . acm-symsac < / u    
let 's face the music and dance : a view of learning in the arts . a sgroi new directions for adult and continuing education   1992.0 
housing and management aspects influencing gilt development and longevity : a review dg levis proceedings of the 2000 allen d. leman swine  
safety-critical systems design bp douglass   
peer-to-peer harnessing the power of disruptive technologies   march 2001 a oram isbn  
videoanywhere : a system for searching and managing distributed heterogeneous video assets c bertram   a sheth   k shah submitted for publication    
transaction processing : concepts and techniques   morgan kaufmann ( september 1992 ) http://www . mkp . j gray   a reuter   
that tap tap is your boss j maglitta computerworld    
an environment for formal specification and implementation of interaction policies for distributed a ghassemzadeh   t regan bt technology journal   1994.0 
high power test of a proto-type tuning-free cavity with an all-pass network t rizawa   k sato   h tamura   m yamamotoâ ? ¦ procs . of the 11 thsymposium on accelerator science and  
innovation in database management : computer science vs. engineering kr jacobs proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
c. pu . a practical and modular implementation of extended transaction models rs barga proc . of the 21st intâ ?? l conf . on very large data  
computational fluid dynamics in a traditional animation environment p witting   
variable impacts of people on brown bear use of an alaskan river tl olson   bk gilbert international conference on bear research and management    
mining anomalies using traffic feature distributions a lakhina   m crovella   c diot   
nist chemical kinetics database : version 5.0 . national institute of standards and technology   wg mallard   f westley   jt herron   rf hampson   dh md    
the merge/purge problem for large databases [ c ] ma hemã ¡ ndez   sj stolfo sigmod conference    
pulseless diseases k shimizu no to shinkei   1971.0 
specification of integrity-preserving operations in information systems by using a formal uml-based r laleau   f polack information & software technology   2001.0 
multimode communications on the mitrenet . gt hopkins computer networks    
1 acharya   s.   franklin   m.   and zdonik   s. lt codes   mtcpr performance   as model   ie computer networks   1999.0 
952 f s zippo supp .  
novel approaches in query processing for moving object trajectories d pfoser   cs jensen   y theodoridis proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;   2000.0 
designing the user interface : supplemental materials   university of maryland at college park   b shneiderman md    
incremental data structures and algorithms for dynamic query interfaces etrbb shneiderman  1996.0 
canadaâ ?? s community colleges : a critical analysis   published by university of british columbia jd dennison   p gallagher   
a language facility for designing database-intensive applications j mylopoulos   pa bernstein   hkt wong acm transactions on database systems   1980.0 
electrostatic precipitator modelling ( abstract only ) j hautanen   m kilpelainen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
hardcore visual basic version 5.0 b mckinney  1997.0 
compror : compression with a factor oracle a lefebvre   t lecroq proceedings of the data compression conference ( dcc &#39; 01 )   2001.0 
making sense of loss and benefiting from the experience : two construals of meaning cg davis   s nolen-hoeksema   j larson journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
organizational life cycles and shifting criteria of effectiveness : some preliminary evidence re quinn   k cameron management science   1983.0 
3rorqlf * 1hjrl 9 using borehole measurements with the object of improving the knowledge of xju yhvfx proceedings   international symposiumâ ?? 25 years of research  
pcb interconnect characterization from tdr measurements d smolyansky   s corey electronic engineering   1999.0 
descots : a software system for selecting cots components g grau   jp carvallo   x franch   c quer   
computer programs for biological stereology : pcs system i rp bolender   nd pentcheff washington research foundation   seattle    
does social capital determine innovation r landry   n amara   m lamari to what extent    
stuttering treatment rating recorder ( version 2.0 ) [ computer software ] s fowler   r ingham university of california   santa barbara   ca    
measles virus entry : generation of hybrid cd46/cd4 receptors to identify cd46 domains required for u schneider university of zurich   zurich   switzerland    
contracting out for human services : economic   political   and organizational perspectives rh dehoog  1984.0 
multiresolution similarity search in image databases m heczko   a hinneburg   d keim   m wawryniuk multimedia systems   2004.0 
physics of high bootstrap fraction   high performance plasmas on the diii-d tokamak mr wade   tc luce   jr ferron   pa politzer   dp   
experiences with building middleware for audio and visual networked home appliances on commodity t nakajima proceedings of the acm international conference on  
a comparative study of arbitration algorithms for the alpha 21364 router pipelined router s mukherjee   f silla   p bannon   j emer   s lang   d proc . acm  
dynamic composition of parametrized logic programs a brogi   c renso   f turini submitted for  
cuticle formation in vitro ep marks   ba sowa see ref    
why talk about different ways to grade ? the shift from traditional assessment to alternative rs anderson new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
model-checking for real-time systems kg larsen   p pettersson   w yi lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
regularizing ad hoc retrieval scores f diaz proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
mental health services administration . ( 2001 ) . summary of findings from the 2000 national household s abuse   
classes : an abstract data type facility for the c language b stroustrup acm sigplan notices   1982.0 
zavodskaya laboratoriya ap gulyaev   vn nikitin no . i  
top off codeview debugging with cv/iceing r knoblaugh pc magazine   1993.0 
testing a system specified using statecharts and z rm hierons   s sadeghipour   h singh   
polytene chromosomes and their use in species studies of malaria vectors as exemplified by the ca green   v baimai proc . int . congr . genet    
monitoring of selections of visual stimuli and the primate frontal cortex m petrides proceedings : biological sciences   1991.0 
regulã ¦ ad directionem ingenii ( vers 1728 ) r descartes   
symposium on stars   gas and dust in the galaxy to honor eugenio e. mendoza v. a arellano ferro   m rosado proceedings of the symposium   held august 25-27   1993 in & hellip ;   1994.0 
making sense of the x factor n stam pc magazine   january    
haystack : a platform for authoring end user semantic web applications d quan   d huynh   dr karger lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
promoting universal usability with multi-layer interface design b shneiderman   
19   cambridge 1916 t no   
movements and associated behaviour ofwoodland caribou in central manitoba mw shoesmith   dr storey proc . int . congr . game biol    
an approach to novelty detection applied to the classification of image regions s singh   m markou ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
2-d fluid transport simulations of gaseous/radiative divertors td rognlien   pn brown   rb campbell   tb kaiser contributions to plasma physics   1994.0 
what theories of motivation say about why learners learn . jh mcmillan   dr forsyth new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
what is new about the digital economy ? bf schmid electronic markets   2001.0 
fifth-year report : milwaukee parental choice program   1997 jf witte   td sterrâ ? ¦ madison   wisconsin   university of  
an introduction to probability theory and its applications w feller  1957.0 
performance of multi-hop wireless ad hoc network routing protocols j broch   d maltz   d johnson   y hu   j jetcheva proceedings of acm/ieee  
ten conversion myths from indonesia r jones conversion to islam    
towards a formal approach for object database design p poncelet   m teisseire   r cicchetti   l lakhal   
report on the vldb workshop on technologies for e-services ( tes ) f casati   u dayal   mc shan acm sigmod record   2000.0 
characterization of a full-field digital mammography detector based on direct x-ray conversion in jg yorker   ls jeromin   dl lee   ef palecki   kp proc . spie   2002.0 
choose your 200 c venezia pc magazine    
query previews for networked information systems : a case study with nasa environmental data q previews   
the past is the past -- or is it ? the use of retrospective accounts as indicators of past strategy br golden the academy of management journal   1992.0 
a subdivision scheme for smooth interpolation of quad-mesh data lp kobbelt procs of  
pose and illumination compensation for 3d face recognition s malassiotis   mg strintzis   
foundation of logic programming jw lloyd  1987.0 
recovering motion fields : an evaluation of eight optical flow algorithms b galvin   b mccane   k novins   d mason   s mills   
languages for multi-database interoperability f gingras   lvs lakshmanan   in subramanian   d proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1997.0 
improving database design through the analysis of relationships d dey   vc storey   tm barron acm transactions on database systems   1999.0 
scalable peer-to-peer networked virtual environment sy hu   gm liao proceedings of acm sigcomm   2004.0 
group decision making   recognition heuristic   and less-ismore effect t reimer   k katsikopoulos unpublished manuscript    
shallow embedding of z in hol j bowen   m gordon   
the synthesis of elastic dislocation fields frn nabarro phil . mag    
the xml typechecking problem d suciu sigmod record   2002.0 
a database interface for an integrated cad system c jullien   a leblond   j lecourvoisier proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
data bubbles for non-vector data : speeding-up hierarchical clustering in arbitrary metric spaces j zhou   j sander proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
the softening of hardware f vahid   
modeling concepts for vlsi cad objects ( abstract only ) ds batory   w kim proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1985.0 
thin clientsâ ?? overnightâ ?? hit j fulton computer networks    
towards event-driven modelling for database design p poncelet   m teisseire   r cicchetti  1994.0 
addressing the problems of bayesian network classification of video using high-dimensional features a mittal   lf cheong ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
conditional maximum likelihood estimation of naive bayes probability models using rational function c chelba   a acero   
a fondationfor multidimensional databases m gyssens   l lakshmanan proceedings of the 23rd vldb  
a performance analysis of the ibm subsystem control block architecture in a video conferencing kd huynh   tm khoshgoftaar proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   1993.0 
an efficient collision-free protocol for prioritized access-control of cable or radio channels yi gold   wr franta computer networks    
object query standards ae wade sigmod record   1996.0 
gordon and j. luecke   dehn surgeries on knots creating essential tori c mca i   comm . anal . geom    
a deductive database architecture based on partial evaluation l lei   gh moll   j kouloumdjian acm sigmod record   1990.0 
cr acad . sci . paris 314 ss chern serie i    
hours of paid work in dual-earner couples : the us in cross-national perspective . ja jacobs   jc gornick   
experiences in integrated multi-domain management d lewis   t tiropanis   a mcewan   c redmond   v wade   proceedings ifip/ieee international conference on management & hellip ;    
very simple method to ndthe minimal polynomial of an arbitrary non-zero element of a finite eld j gordon electronic letters    
broadcast disks : data management for asymmet-0 20 40 60 80 100 percentage of dont_care implimit s acharya   r alonso   m franklin   s zdonik acm sigmod    
teamwork key to workgroup success r hamilton   
to megaprogramming in : proceedings of the 5th vldb workshop on technologies for e-services ( tes-04 ) c pautasso   g alonso toronto   canada   august    
lof : identifying density-based local outliers mm breunig   hp kriegel   rt ng   j sanderâ ? ¦   
alleviation of tunnel entry pressure transients : 2-theoretical modelling and experimental ae vardy   b dayman paper h3 . procs 3rd intl symp on the aerodynamics and & hellip ;    
a computer-based corporate planning system wf hamilton   ma moses management science   1974.0 
automatic synthesis of sdl models in use case methodology n mansurov   d zhukov   
analytic modeling of computer systems k trivedi ieee computer    
devise ( demo abstract ) : integrated querying and visual exploration of large datasets m livny   r ramakrishnan   k beyer   g chen   d proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1997.0 
on the number of mth near-extreme insurance claims e hashorva   j husler  2000.0 
time traveling with children 's literature . pull-out feature 1 . m aronson social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
the breakdown of the information model in multi-database systems w kent sigmod record   1991.0 
optics : approach to spatia1data mining m ankerst   m breunig   hp kriegel   j sander vldb &#39; 97    
deconvolution in compton profile measurements p paatero   s manninen   t paakkari phil . mag.   1974.0 
1999b . stochastic gradient boosting jh friedman technical report   department of statistics   stanford  
cover your assets d essex computerworld    
gamma knife surgery in acoustic tumours g noren   d greitz   a hirsch   i lax acta neurochirurgica supplementum-wien -   1993.0 
lof : identifying density-based locak outliers [ a ] hpk markus mb proc acm sigmod    
self-topology control in wireless multihop ad hoc communication networks w krause   r sollacher   m greiner submitted for  
balancing push and pull for data broadcast a swarup   m franklin   s zdonik proceedings of the acm sigmod conference   tucson-arizona   & hellip ;    
temperature and velocity measurements in a hypersonic laminar boundary layer soâ ?? byrne   pm danehy   afp houwing   s mallinson   p proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on shock  
the research scanning polarimeter : calibration and ground-based measurements b cairns proc . spie   1999.0 
asymmetric epoxidation of olefins [ j ] js johnson   da evans acc . chem . res    
radiation field analysis and synthesis using pronyâ ?? s method ek miller   dl lager electronic letters   1978.0 
a probabilistic framework for matching temporal trajectories : condensation-based recognition of mj black   ad jepson lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
ber performance in wavelength packet switched wdm systems during nano-second wavelength switching a dantcha   lp barry   j murphy   j dunne   t mullane     
prosocial studies . curriculum concerns . r wadeâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
how to identify and estimate the top largest traffic matrix elements in a changing environment a soule   a nucci   e leonardi   r cruz   n taft proceedings of acm  
teams or communities-organizational structures for km c ferran-urdanet proc . of acm sigcpr â ?? 99  
an algorithm for characterizing error event sequences in partial response channels m berggren & hellip ; project   swiss fed . inst . technol . zurich   switzerland   aug    
analytic interpolation and the degree constraint tt georgiou   
performance analysis of three related assignment problems ct yu   k lam   
implementation of a 256-bit wideword processor for the data-intensive architecture ( diva ) processing j draper   j sondeen   cw kang   
divafication : the deification of modern female pop stars l lister popular music and society   2001.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : surgery   mj wagner   jm wightman   gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
an adaptive array in a spread-spectrum communication system rt compton ieee   proceedings   1978.0 
dialogue and process design for interactive information systems using taxis j barron acm sigoa newsletter   1982.0 
the pyramid-technique : towards breaking the curse of dimensional data spaces s berchtold   d keim   hp kriegel proc . acm sigmod int . conf . managment of data   seattle    
needed : graphics standards . t clarkson computerworld.   1985.0 
knowledge discovery from databases for technology innovation managementâ ?? a user centered approach a nayak & hellip ; international conference on management of engineering and  
a tool for targeting and identifying plastics manufacturers for conversion to recycled plastics cw center seattle   washington . january    
the role of sportsmen in conservation jh duke jr rocky mountain elk foundation   seattle   washington   march    
innovation in ph. d. programs and scores in reputational rankings . ds webster new directions for higher education   1984.0 
bilder in der landeskunde   lang   mã 1/4 nchen   1996 d macaire   w hosch   
density-dependent   shifts of hydrogen maser standards sb crampton   htm wang   
kinematics of fibre optics sensory systems for control of a natural gas engine co nwagboso   ma pendlebury proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
scsi vs. eide : the real story n stam pc magazine reports   july    
an adaptive query execution engine for data integration z ives   d florescu   m friedman   a levy   d weld proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of data   1999.0 
incremental and effective data summarization for dynamic hierarchical clustering s nassar   j sander   c cheng proc . of acm 2004.0 
a fast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia datasets c faloutsos   ki lin  1994.0 
a toolkit for negotiation support on multidimensional data m gebhardt   m jarke   s jacobs proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
a parameter based admission control for differentiated services networks m fidler   v sander computer networks   2004.0 
using xml effectively in ebusiness architectures r bodkin   
report # uwfdm-984 jj macfarlane   ga moses   rr petersen university of wisconsin    
creating satisfaction in steady dating relationships : the role of personal goals and situational ca sanderson   n cantor journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
updating xml   acm sigmod int i tatarinov   zg ives   ay halevy   ds weld conf . on management of data    
a general framework for the optimization of object-oriented queries sc cd921   c delobel proceedings of acm sigmod â ?? 92 international conference on & hellip ;    
deadlock detection in multidatabase systems : a performance analysis di e sistemistica   v salaria   i roma   
s. & zhao   y. 2003   visualization of communication patterns in collaborative innovation networks : pl gloor   r dynes proc . acm cikm    
c. pu . a practical and modular implementation of extended transaction models rsb bp951 technical report ogi-cse95-004   department of computer science 51.0 
probability criterion and efficient fronfier [ a ] h qiheng   t wansheng   l guangquan proceedings of 2001 international conference on management & hellip ;   2001.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?your mediators need data conversion ! ã cents â ? ¬ â ? s cluet   c delobel   j simeon   k smaga proc . of the acm sigmod  
networked gamesâ ?? a qos-sensitive application for qos-insensitive users ? t henderson   s bhatti   
perthâ ?? s water future   a water strategy for perth and mandurah to 2021â ?? water authority of western ra stokes   ja beckwith   ir pound   rr stone   pc isbn    
a link between scattering resonances and dilation analytic resonances in few body quantum mechanics ga hagedorn communications in mathematical physics   1979.0 
the relationships of the s-genome diploids to polyploid wheats g kimber proc . int . wheat genet . symp    
systems i circuits iee  
a cellular automata simulation system : version 2.0 jd eckart acm sigplan notices   1992.0 
interoperability   standards   and software agent systems m lyell   
abdominal traumaâ ?? review   response   and criteria r stalnaker   m ulman proc . stapp conf.   29th   washington   dc   pap . no    
scheduling data broadcast in asymmetric communication environments nh vaidya   s hameed wireless networks   1999.0 
siemens sold its holdings in swiss cable tv network operator cablecom holding ag i march zurich   switzerland   to ntl incorporated   new york   ny   usa    
sig summary : growth   change   and service c growth computer networks   1977.0 
on detecting feature interactions in programmable service environment of internet telephony m nakamura   p leelaprute   k matsumoto   t kikuno computer networks   2004.0 
cad of rectangular microstrip antennas v schejbal radioengineering-prague -   1999.0 
now hear this b rayner electronic business    
data report : high-resolution stable isotope stratigraphy of the late middle eocene at site 1050   bs wade   rd norris   d kroon kroon   d.   proceedings of the ocean drilling program   & hellip ;    
assimilation and contrast effects in the judgments of groups da wilder   je thompson journal of personality and social psychology    
pseudo-trajectory control scheme for a 3-d model of a biped robot ( part 2 . body trajectories ) k jagannathan   g pratt   j pratt   a persaghian procs of ciras    
optimization and evaluation of generalized top queries p ciaccia   r cornacchia   a ghidini   
phylip version 3.57 c j felsenstein university of washington   seattle    
diagnostic model-checking for real-time systems kg larsen   p pettersson   w yi lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
doublydistortedmirrors sja orjicu proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
clearwater : extensible   flexible   modular code generation gs swint   c pu   g jung   w yan   y koh   q wu   c proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
polarization diversity measurements by x - and ka-band radar k nakamura   h inomata   j awaka   k okamoto   t conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
contrast plots and p-sphere trees : space vs. time in nn searches j goldstein   r ramakrishnan proc . very large data bases conf . ( vldb &#39; 00 )    
interpersonal attraction in exchange and communal relationships ms clark   j mills journal of personality and social psychology    
tyranny of words . p burgess computerworld.   1984.0 
data densification in a relational database system a gupta   s subramanian   s bellamkonda   t bozkaya   proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
the push for proof of information systems payoff ml sullivan-trainor computerworld    
somatic embryogenesis and plant regeneration from tissue and cell suspension cultures of selected gs cheema hanover jw   keathley d e. proceedings . conference on genetic & hellip ;    
canonical typing and { conversion f kamareddine   rp nederpelt submitted for  
modular forms t miyake  1989.0 
distribution of protein kinase c immunoreactivity in rat retina jg wood   ce hart   gj mazzei   pr girard   jf kuo the histochemical journal   1988.0 
international conference on the analysis of thermal and energy systems ei yantovskii greg . foundas   athens   greece ( june 3-6    
multiclass learning v guruswami   a sahai boosting   and error-correcting codes . procs . of 12th colt & hellip ;    
new applications of optics from modern computer design methods . p mckee   jr towers bt technology journal   1993.0 
agile software development : the business of innovation a cockburn   j highsmith ieee computer    
nist electron effective-attenuation-length database   version 1.0   national institute of standards cj powell   a jablonski md    
e ciently supporting ad hoc queries in large datasets of time sequences f korn   hv jagadish   c faloutsos proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of  
stars der innovation ac gmbh   
rybe : a tabular interface for querying a multi-database system c sallaberry   mn bessagnet   h kriaa 8th international conference on management of data    
automatic deduction of temporal information r maiocchi   b pernici   f barbic acm transactions on database systems   1992.0 
polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of spiral bacteria from the gastric antrum ad pearson   h millward-sadler lancet i   1984.0 
materials and devices using double-pumped phosphors with energy transfer fe auzel  1973.0 
limits of indirect branch prediction k driesen   
a temporal logic for multilevelreasoning about hardware b moskowski ieee computer    
assimilation and contrast as a function of peopleâ ?? s willingness and ability to expend effort in ll martin   jj seta   ra crelia journal of personality and social psychology    
empirical model-building and response surfaces gep box   nr draper  1987.0 
analytic element modeling of groundwater flow : academic press hm haitjema san diego    
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : internal m markham   gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
schemasql : a language for interoperability in multiple relational databases lv lakshmanan   f sadri   in subramanian  1996.0 
a business contracting model for tina architecture f daoud electronic markets   1998.0 
temporal logic of programs f krã ¶ ger  1987.0 
ricin a-chain structural determinant for binding substrate analogues : a molecular dynamics ma olson   
the invention oftradition e hobsbawm   t ranger new  
alcoholics anonymous as a mutual-help movement : madison k mã $ kelã $   i arminen   k bloomfieldâ ? ¦  1996.0 
protocol animation based on event-driven visualization scenarios in real - time lotos k yasumoto   t umedu   h yamaguchi   a nakata   t computer networks   2002.0 
trenã $ tsmodellen : ett systemteoretiskt redskap fã ¶ r att beskriva helhet och komplexitet i pedagogisk g cardell lã $ rarhã ¶ gsk . i  
on the triangularization of an arbitrary matrix cp huang submitted for  
conservative management of pelvic organ prolapse in women s hagen   d stark   c maher   e adams cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
non-resonant pitch-angle scattering : comparison with the measurements for solar cosmic rays br ragot   
polit . ( 1997 ) â ?? new chance : final report on a comprehensive program for young mothers in poverty and jc quint   jm bos   f denise executive summary   manpower demonstration research  
how do educational leaders interpret the multiple accountabilities they face ? w firestone   d shipps unpublished manuscript   2003.0 
handling missing values in database systems using a naive bayesian classifier b harangsri   s matsushima   j shepherd   ahh ngu   
devise : integrated querying and visual exploration of large datasets m livny   r ramakrishnan   k beyer   g chen   d sigmod rec   1997.0 
science for all americans gd nelson new directions for higher education   2002.0 
quantitative design and evaluation of enhancement/thresholding edge detectors ie abdou   wk pratt ieee   proceedings   1979.0 
a gcncral model iâ ?? or version managcmcnt in databases p kluhold   c schlagctcr   w wilkes 12th vldb conference   kyoto   august    
id lin   '' fastmap : afast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of traditional c faloutsos andk conference on data management ( sigmod )   san jose   ca    
in : nayeem mf   eds . proceedings of the 21st national heat transfer conference ln carlucci   i cheung  1983.0 
hardware/software co-design g de micheli   rk gupta proceedings-ieee   1997.0 
design of autonomous parvovirus vectors for tumor cell-targeted gene therapy : a functional f dupontâ ? ¦   
an online video placement policy based on bandwidth to space ( bsr ) a dan   d sitaram proceedings of acm  
cost of uncertainty about controlled objects olr jacobs   
pull for data broadcast s acharya   m franklin   s zdonik   b push proc . acm sigmod conf.   tucson   az   may    
improving the consistency of conditional probability assessments for forecasting and decision making h moskowitz   rk sarin management science   1983.0 
67   821â ± 828 ; d ) gr desiraju ad hamilton   j chem acc . chem . res    
fashioning a foundation for the computing profession n holmes   
recovering binary class relationships : putting icing on the uml cake yg gueheneuc   h albin-amiot   
hardware implementation of phong shading using spherical interpolation am abbas   l szirmay-kalos   t horvath periodica polytechnica electrical engineering   2000.0 
e graziadio   thaãse ( 1997a ) - an alternative framework for the strategic planning of stable pa zawislak   lf nascimento & hellip ; international conference on management of technology mot    
kidney involvement in anderson-fabry disease m meroni   a sessa   g battini   s tazzari   l torri contributions to nephrology   1997.0 
the modelling phase of jsd . jr cameron information and software technology   1988.0 
learning from experience : managerial interpretations of past and future information technologies ll martins   a kambil   
non-perturbative aspects of supersymmetric gauge theories and string theory jm pierre   
an xml-enabled association rule framework l feng   t dillon   h weigand   e chang lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
supporting gi standards with a model-driven architecture r groenmo   
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing c faloutsos   ki lin data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia & hellip ;    
ratio rules : a new paradigm for fast   quantifiable data mining f korn   a labrinidis   y kotidis   c faloutsos vldb   1998.0 
database access characterization for buffer hit prediction a dan   ps yu   jy chung   
some sikp-complete set cover problems wj masek  1978.0 
knowledge-based approach to jpeg acceleration k froitzheim   h wolf proc spie   1995.0 
syracuse university : a systematic approach to curriculum and faculty development . rm diamond new directions for higher education   1976.0 
clustering methods for large databases : from the past to the future da keim   a hinneburg sigmod conference   philadelphia    
the x-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional data s bertchold   da keim   hp kriegel proceedings of the 22nd international conference on very & hellip ;    
habitat conditions influencing a remnant bull trout spawning population   gold creek   washington . ( sd craig   rc wissmar seattle   washington    
biology of simian virus 40 ( sv40 ) transplantation rejection antigen ( trag ) . v j pretell   rs greenfield   ss tevethia vitro demonstration of sv40 trag in sv40-infected permissive & hellip ;    
novel approaches to the indexing of moving object trajectories d pfoser   c jensen   y theodoridis proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;   2000.0 
what 's that character doing in your interface ? a don proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
heat transfer handbook ss kutateladze   vm borishanskii g ] i    
quantitative analytic approaches in software engineering k torii   k matsumoto information and software technology   1996.0 
operator identification in ada : formal specification   complexity   and concrete implementation h ganzinger   k ripken acm sigplan notices   1980.0 
outage probability calculations for a mobile radio system having two log-normal interferers kw sowerby   ag williamson electronic letters    
krovoobrashchenie ( erevan ) vm khayutin   ye malyarenko no . i    
public-sector vs. private-sector r & d in india a comparative analysis of two r & d teams jk sankaran   vs mouly   
outline of a centralised multihop ad hoc wireless network j habetha   m nadler computer networks   2001.0 
recording diffuse x-ray reflections with continuous synchrotron radiation . an application to type la ar lang   g kowalski   apw makepeace   m moore phil . mag.   1985.0 
h. p1 . yeung and k. karlapalem   capbased-ams : a capability-based and event-driven activity pck hung proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of  
the merge/purge problem for large databases [ a ] ah mauricio   js stolfo proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod conference on management & hellip ;    
children who could have been madison wm epstein  1999.0 
implementation of a knowledge-based software development environment ns barghouti   ge kaiser proc . 21st annual hawaii intâ ?? l conf on systems sciences   & hellip ;    
a feature interaction benchmark for the first feature interaction detection contest n griffeth   r blumenthal   jc gregoire   t ohta computer networks   2000.0 
a344683   p. 5 [ 421 ]   dm exh . 38 c no  1979.0 
fluorescence quenching measurements soc . 1997   119   8119 8120 . [ 8 ] [ 8a ] h.-g . lã ¶ hr   f. vã ¶ gtle f experiments acc . chem . res    
minimax algebra ra cuninghame-green  1979.0 
why johnny ca n't program n holmes   
instantaneous and short term emission rates observed during modal acceleration testing p cicero-fernandez   jr long proceedings of the fourth crc-aprac on-road vehicle emission & hellip ;   1994.0 
computer literacy : what it is   why it is important . a luehrmann electronic learning    
digital media in america : practices   preferences and policy implications d shah   n kwak   m schmierbach madison   wisconsin : university of wisconsin-madison    
order-preserving key transformations ak garg   cc gotlieb acm transactions on database systems   1986.0 
on three classes of automata-like p systems r freund   c martin-vide   a obtulowicz   g paun lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
high-dimensional index structures { improving the performance of multimedia databases s berchtold   c bohm   da keim submitted for publication    
listening to napster . peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies   andy oram ( edt . c shirky  2001.0 
typechecking for xml transformers t milo   d suciu   v vianu   
visual development and the acquisition of binocular disparity sensitivities m dominguez   ra jacobs   
a quasigroup-based public-key cryptosystem c koscielny   gl mullen applied mathematics and computer science   1999.0 
analysis of document structures for element type classification h ahonen   b heikkinen   o heinonen   j jaakkola   m   
a formal specification technique and implementation method for protocols tp blumer   rl tenney computer networks    
diagnostic criteria for chronic rejection/accelerated graft atherosclerosis in heart and kidney lc paul   p hayry   m foegh   mj dennis transplantation proceedings   1993.0 
ventral foramen magnum meningiomas ki arnautovic   o al-mefty   m husain j neurosurg ( spine i )   2000.0 
50456 ( september 27   2004 ) ; 69 fr 59285 ( october 4   2004 ) . the sec also approved amendments to nyse ear no   
extracting concurrency from objects : a methodology pk chrysanthis   s raghuram   k ramamritham proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1991.0 
split-transactions for open-ended activities g kaiser   c pu   n hutchinson proc . of the 14th vldb  
ester   m. and kriegel   h. ( 2000 ) : towards an effective cooperation of the user and the computer for m ankerst proc . of the 6th acm sigmod international conf . on knowledge  
specification and verification of java bytecode subroutines and exceptions sn freund   jc mitchell  1999.0 
minimal forbidden subgraphs of reducible graph properties aj berger discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2001.0 
are computers boosting productivity ? yes ! '' j bakos computerworld    
relationship between the number of thunderstorm days and the lightning flash density registered by f popolansky proc . 21st int . conf . on lightning protection   berlin   & hellip ;    
â ?? measurements of the magneto-electric susceptibility of polycrystalline chromium oxide th oâ ?? dell phil . mag    
summary of the main points to be developed m pezzini presentation at    
nonlinear optics 1academic rw boyd san diego    
feather vs. non-feather bedding for asthma . f campbell   k jones cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
business processesâ ?? attempts to find a definition a lindsay   d downs   k lunn   
role-based hierarchical self organization for wireless ad hoc sensor networks m kochhal   l schwiebert   s gupta proceedings of the 2nd acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
encyclopedia of polymer science and technology t murayama wily : new york    
scheduling policies for an on-demand video server with batching a dan   d sitaram   p shahabuddin   
horizontal to vertical spectral ratio and geological conditions : the case of a downhole array in d raptakis   e karaolani   k pitilakis   n proc . xxiv gen. ass . esc   athens   greece    
a unified analysis of batched searching of sequential and tree-structured files sd lang   jr driscoll   jh jou acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 
complete axiomatization and decidability of the alternating-time temporal logic v goranko   g van drimmelen   
conversion and the codasyl framework dcp smith vldb   1978.0 
optics & spectroscopy vg farafonov  1999.0 
towards event-driven modelling for database design m teisseirdl   p poncelew   r cicchettw   
hetero diels-alder methodology in organic synthesis vol . 47 : academic press dl boger   sl weinreb san diego    
recovering photon-intensity information from continuous photo-detector measurements   '' ao hero proceedings of the 25-thconference on information sciences  
counting points on hyperelliptic curves over finite fields p gaudry   r harley lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
the university of melbourne dnj phd quantum mechanics-demonstration with your cathode ray tube  
pattern-and colour-dependence of horizontal cell responses in the carp retina ki hara   k fukurotani   y oomura procs . of the first symposium on testing and identification  
nodose : a tool for semi-automatically extracting structured and semi-structured data from text b adelberg sigmod record   1998.0 
radiofrequency denervation for neck and back pain . a systematic review of randomized controlled l niemisto   e kalso   a malmivaara   s seitsalo   h cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
the interlace polynomial : a new graph polynomial r arratia   
unlocking knowledge assets s conway   c sligar  2002.0 
intelligence and mobility for btâ ?? s next generation networks mi wardlaw bt technology journal   2005.0 
automatic extraction of motion trajectories in compressed sports videos h yi   d rajan   lt chia proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
modelling human power and endurance rh morton journal of mathematical biology   1990.0 
the distributed human neural system for face perception jv haxby   ea hoffman   mi gobbini   
the chios gum mastic j perikos print all ltd.   athens   greece   95p    
individuation   gender role   and dissent : personality mediators of situational forces c maslach   rt santee   c wade journal of personality and social psychology    
physical programming : software you can touch j montemayor proceedings of acm sigchi   acm press   2001.0 
bimodal speech recognition using lip movement measured by optical-flow analysis k iwano   s tamura   s furui   
methods and standards for encryption of spacecraft telemetry and telecommand links ra rueppel   hp bader  1985.0 
a performance comparsion of ethernet and the cambridge digital communication ring gs blair   d shepherd computer networks    
an optimal path cover for cographs r lin   s olariu   g pruesse   
influence of attachment styles on romantic relationships ja simpson journal of personality and social psychology    
c. pu . a practical and modular implementation technique of extended transaction models r barga proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;    
schema mediation for large-scale semantic data sharing ay halevy   zg ives   d suciu   i tatarinov the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2005.0 
nonlinear fiber optics 2nd edn academic press g agrawal san diego    
balancing push and pull for data broadcast s acharya   m franklin   s zdonik sigmod conference   1997.0 
bridging the gap between past and future in re : a scenario-based approach p haumer   p heymans   m jarke   k pohl   
a novel photosynthetic organelle in anaerobic mastigotes jhp hackstein   h schubert   j rosenberg   m van de  1995.0 
washington gap project mammal distribution models   version 5 re johnson   km cassidy  2002.0 
modeling concepts for vlsi cad objects ds batoo   wk batory acm transactions on database systems ( tods )    
detour chromatic numbers m frick   f bullock discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2001.0 
databases and workflow management : what is it all about ? ( panel ) a reuter   s ceri   j gray   b salzberg   g weikum proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;   1995.0 
a threshold of ln n for set cover u feige proc . 28th annual symposium on theory of computing   acm    
data mining-based intrusion detectors : an overview of the columbia ids project sj stolfo   w lee   pk chan   w fan   e eskin sigmod record   2001.0 
space weather : hazard to earth f jansen   r pirjola & hellip ; publishing   swiss reinsurance company   zurich   switzerland    
an embedded system for autonomous collision avoidance and line tracking using artificial cmos retina h li   s bouaziz   f devos   
moving object surveillance and analysis of camera-based security systems j freer   
interventions for influencing sleep patterns in exclusively breast fed infants mj renfrew   s lang   l martin   m woolridge cochrane database syst  
semantic lock models in object-oriented distributed systems and deadlock resolution m roesler   wa burkhard proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1988.0 
hires : the high-resolution echelle spectrometer on the keck 10-m telescope ss vogt   sl allen   bc bigelow   l bresee   b brown   proc .  
on the generation of spatiotemporal datasets y theodoridis   jro silva   ma nascimento   
ontology as a foundation for meta-modelling and method engineering y wand information and software technology   1996.0 
structural equivalence of extended context-free and extended e0l grammars ha cameron   d wood submitted for publication    
shaping written knowledge : the genre and activity of the experimental article in science madison c bazerman wisconsin   university of wisconsin press   356p    
the politics and development of the federal income tax madison j witte  1985.0 
lake property owners in northern wisconsin l klessig an inland demonstration project report   madison    
modular work eases program design m karmi   
battery life estimation of mobile embedded systems d panigrahi   c chiasserini   s dey   r rao   a   
creeping flow of a shear-thinning fluid past a speherical vapor cavity fa jamjoom ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1986.0 
japanese foreign direct investment : wealth effects from purchases and sales of us assets rh pettway   nw sicherman   dk spiess   
an evanescent field optical microscope f de fornel   jp goudonnet   l salomon   e lesniewska proc . spie   1989.0 
change and love in an intimate note to the sincere seekers ss ravi-shankar  1999.0 
â ?? scheduling policies for an on-demand video server with batching   â ?? a dean   d sitaram   p shahabuddin proc . acm multimedia  
balancing pushand pullfordata broadcast s acharya   m franklin   s zdonik inproceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
losing runs in bernoulli trials dw boyd unpublished manuscript    
evaluation of the size of a query expressed in relational algebra p richard proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference  
tiny bubbles   '' s leroy  1997.0 
madison sw knowledge  1988.0 
cognitive representations of light - vs. dark-skinned blacks : structure   content   and use of the kb maddox  1998.0 
neural networks for intelligent multimedia processing sy kung   jn hwang proceedings-ieee   1998.0 
a complete temporal relational algebra d dey   tm barron   vc storey the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
february 2000   national institute of standards and technology   gaithersburg wg mallard   pj linstrom   
generating spatiotemporal datasets on the www . acms anthology sigmod record   2000.0 
nist electron inelastic-mean-free-path database ( version 1.0 ) . national institute of standards and cj powell   a jablonski md    
supermon : cluster monitoring as if performance mattered mj sottile   rg minnich submitted for publication    
spatial data mining : a database approach m ester   hp kriegel   j sander lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
bricksâ ?? n clicks . l stevens pc magazine   june    
modelling of chemicals in lakes-development and application of user-friendly software ( masas & m ulrich  1991.0 
using mailed questionnaires in negotiation consultation jr russo new directions for program evaluation   1984.0 
chart parsing of attributed structure-sharing flowgraphs with tie-point relationships r lutz procs of third internationa workshop on parsing technologies    
multiple instances and symbolic variables in executable sequence charts r marelly   d harel   h kugler   
feelings from the back row : negotiating sensitive issues in large classes cp brooke new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
solid state ionics ht pu   wh meyer   g wegner   
a primer of lisrel : basic applications and programming for confirmatory factor analytic models bm byrne  1989.0 
chimu hydraulic technology and statecraft on the north coast of peru   ad 1000-1470 cr ortloff see ref    
automaker aims for companywide collaborative standards m ferranti computerworld    
new criteria for the conceptual model w kent   
a guide to data compression standards d salomon  2002.0 
democracy and punishment t dumm university of wisconsin    
xml-enabled workflow management for e-services across heterogeneous platforms g shegalov   m gillmann   g weikum the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
network centrality   power   and innovation involvement : determinants of technical and administrative h ibarra the academy of management journal   1993.0 
the trouble with communications b howard pc magazine   1993.0 
a variable span smoother   department of statistics j friedman  1984.0 
an adaptive query execution system for data integration zg ives   d florescu   m friedman   a levy   ds weld sigmod conference   1999.0 
networked learning environments ag chute   pk sayers   rp gardner new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
a theoretical investigation of the compression of a ductile material between smooth flat dies ap green phil . mag    
intangible assets m schwartz computerworld    
barge co. v. columbia pacific towing corp s tug see  
o subsystem for a multiprocessor d cathro   i an msc thesis   department of computer science   monash university    
the merge/purge problem for large databases ma hernandez   sj stolfo proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0 
state constitutions : the shopping mall cases bc williamson   ja friedman wisconsin law review   1998.0 
a language for hardware design ( version 2.0 ) d ku   ghc de micheli stanford university technical report : csl-tr-90-419    
the top 25 techno-mbas a earls   
event-driven product development : collaboration and learning e brandt   
accelerating motor adaptation by influencing neural computations jl emken   dj reinkensmeyer   
a study of shift control using the clutch pressure pattern in automatic transmission w han   sj yi proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2003.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?proportional sampling strategy : guidelines for software testing practitionersã cents â ? ¬ â ? ft chan   ty chen   ik mak   yt yu information and software  
metadata standards for data warehousing : open information model vs. common warehouse metamodel gc introduction   
modelling of local climate for prediction of road slipperiness j bogren   t gustavsson physical geography    
clinical effects of sodium ozagrel and urokinase in patients with acute cerebral infarction in the h itoh   k yamatani   n oshida   m shioi   m takaba   h no to shinkei   1998.0 
to higher luminosities and energy   k qacm bounds-projection cheung and d. silverman   in these  
an approximation algorithm for a file-allocation problem in a hierarchical distributed system k lam   ct yu   
eajm cargille . the paradyn parallel performance measurement tool bp miller   m callaghan ieee computer    
the geography of disadvantage in rural scotland b home   j home   lof journals   em alerts   s index     
positioning in mobile ad hoc networks s tschumi semester thesis   eth zurich   switzerland    
argumentation and decision making : a position paper s parsons   j fox lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
an investigation of extensive reading with remedial students in a philippines secondary school pm lituanas   gm jacobs   wa renandya international journal of educational research   2001.0 
version 2.0 special/microsoft windows ba photostyler   
th   & tibshirani   r. ( 1998 ) . additive logistic regression : a statistical view of boosting j friedman technical report   department of statistics   stanford  
cosmic ray survey to antarctica and coupling functions for neutron component near solar minimum ( n iucci   g villoresi   li dorman   m parisi   
formalization and verification of event-driven process chains wmp van der aalst   
performance evaluation of safety applications over dsrc vehicular ad hoc networks j yin   t elbatt   g yeung   b ryu   s habermas   h   
indexing trajectories of moving point objects d pfoser   y theodoridis   cs jensen vldb conference    
self-synchronizing variable-length codes for image transmission wm lam   ar reibman   
efficient query reformulation in peer data management systems i tatarinov   a halevy proc . of sigmod   2004.0 
heterostructure integrated thermionic cooling of opteoelectronic devices cj labounty   
hardware acceleration in commercial databases : a case study of spatial operations n bandi   c sun   d agrawal   a el abbadi proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
an authoruatron mechamsm for a relatlonai database system p gnfflths   b wade acm transactions on database systems ( sept. .  
monitor for complex cad systems a alberto di janni proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;    
nsf-inria . worksop s abiteboul   p buneman   c delobel   r hull   p sigmod record   1990.0 
implications for fostering excellence . pg friedman   rc jenkins-friedman new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
disseminating updates on broadcast disks s acharya   mj franklin   s zdonik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
assessment of the environmental impact from the construction of a dam and a reservoir s floras   d pateras   s raptis demonstration case study ( ref : 639620 ) [ http://ewse . ceo . org  
a resource class independent deadlock detection algorithm c beeri   r obermarck vldb    
cultural norms affect oral communication in the classroom e johnson new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
on k-anonymity and the curse of dimensionality cc aggarwal proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
validation-directed specification of communications systems r probert   k saleh   y hua-long information and software technology   1995.0 
c k-analysis of subdivision surfaces at extraordinary points h prautzsch   
effect of resource contention on distributed database systems k lam   s hung information and software technology   1993.0 
implementation of web-based event-driven activity execution in capbased-ams pck hung   k karlapalem   
certifying off-the-shelf software components jm voas ieee computer   1998.0 
prototyping   people and a culture of innovation pm hughes   g cosier bt technology journal   2001.0 
a graph-oriented object model fro database end-user interfaces   '' m gyssens   j paredaens   d van gucht proceedings of the acm-sigmod conf . on management of data    
final report on a demonstration project at madison   wisconsin to investigate milling of solid wastes jj reinhardt   rk ham final report on work performed under demonstration grant & hellip ;    
the technological framework for library planning in the next decade . ca lynch new directions for higher education   1995.0 
ibm 8265 atm backbone switch hardware architecture h alaiwan computer networks   1999.0 
from particles to fluid r esposito   m pulvirenti to  
hot mix asphalt materials   mixture design   and construction   napa research and education foundation   fl roberts   ps kandhal   er brown   dy lee   tw md    
a scalable soft spot analysis methodology for compound noise effects in nano-meter circuits c zhao   x bai   s dey   
videotape and the attribution process : reversing actorsâ ?? and observersâ ?? points of view md storms journal of personality and social psychology   1973.0 
outsourcing ? forget all the expertsâ ?? buzzwords t hoffman computerworld    
dscl : a data specification and conversion language for networks gm schneider proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1975.0 
stereo-electron microscopy of self-ion radiation damage in aluminum single crystals e johnson   y ytterhus phil . mag.   1973.0 
recovering from main-memory lapses hv jagadish   a silberschatz   s sudarshan vldb   1993.0 
the bounded tree-width problem of context-free graph languages k skodinis proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ;   1997.0 
spatial data mining : database primitives   algorithms and efficient dbms support m ester   a frommelt   hp kriegel   j sander data mining and knowledge discovery   2000.0 
can europe 's governments manage identity ? p seltsikas bt technology journal   2005.0 
a bayesian framework for modifications of probabilistic relational data d dey   s sarkar   
cover your assets t schumaker  2002.0 
your mediators need data conversation s cluet   c delobel   j simeon   k smaga proceedings of acm-sigmod international  
database research at columbia university . acms anthology sigmod record   1998.0 
epa region 10 guidance for pacific northwest state and tribal temperature water quality standards usep agency seattle   washington . april    
694 r no university of  
a micropower learning vector quantizer for parallel analog-to-digital data compression j lubkin   g cauwenberghs   
an adaptive query processing system for data integration z ives   d florescu   m friedman   a levy   d weld proc . acm sigmod    
salmon at riverâ ?? s end : the role of the estuary in the decline and recovery of columbia salmon dl bottom   ca simenstad   am baptista   da jay   j & hellip ; . national marine fisheries service   seattle   washington    
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia k lin   c faloutsos proceedings of acm sigmod   1995.0 
some 0up-complete set cover problems wj masek  1978.0 
the assessment of noncollegiate sponsored programs of instruction rj hamilton new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
the likelihood ratio test in the model of the completely randomized block design with student 's t j grala   k katulska   
control of minor criminal sexual compulsions with imipramine and amine oxidase inhibitors rd goldner & hellip ; congress of psychiatry   montreal   canada ( june 4-10   1961 )    
a grammar-based approach towards unifying hierarchical data models m gyssens   j paredaens   d van gucht proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1989.0 
low-flux spatial structures of mev protons at 1â ?? 10 au during quiet-time periods k kecskemety   yi logachev   m zeldovich proc . 28th intern . cosmic ray conf    
logic agents   dialogues and negotiation : an abductive approach f sadri   f toni   p torroni proceedings  
the irma code for unique classification of medical images tm lehmann   h schubert   d keysers   m kohnen   bb proceedings spie   2003.0 
an introduction to disk drive modelling crj wilkes ieee computer    
analys i flera variabler lc bã ¶ iers   a person   
peer-to-peer   harnessing the power of disruptive technologies c shirkey  2001.0 
an extensible classifier for semi-structured documents m tresch   a luniewski proceedings of the fourth international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
it departments face a lack of project management know-how . t hoffman computerworld    
developing operation senses as a foundation for algebra i d schifter unpublished manuscript   1998.0 
variable structure control : a survey   ieee t-indust jy hung   w gao   jc hung  1993.0 
a simple rainfall simulator and trickle system for hydro-geomorphological experiments sh luk   ad abrahams   aj parsons physical geography    
inducing partially-defined instances with evolutionary algorithms x llora   jm garrell   
distributed routing algorithms for multi-hop ad hoc networks using d-hop connected d-dominating sets mq rieck   s pai   s dhar   mq rieck   s pai   s dhar computer networks   2005.0 
clustering methods for large databases : from the past to the future a hinneburg   da keim sigmod conference   1999.0 
an architecture to support context-aware applications ak dey   d salber   
ã?bungstypologie zum kommunikativen deutschunterricht   langenscheidt   mã 1/4 nchen   1996 g neuner   m krã?ger   u grewer   
elements of information theory tm cover   ja thomas   
efficient content location in mobile ad hoc networks j tchakarov   
capbased-ams : a capability-based and event-driven activity management system pck hung   hp yeung   k karlapalem proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1996.0 
clustering techniques for large data setsâ ?? from the past to the future da keim   a hinneburg conference on knowledge discovery in data   1999.0 
structural properties of complexity classes da russo phd thesis   university of california at santa barbara   mar. .  
priority assignment in distributed real-time databases using optimistic concurrency control ky lam   vcs lee   sl hung   bcm kao   
neyman-pearson detection with distributed sensors   proc . 25th ieee conf . iy hoballah   pk varshney  1986.0 
complexity of colored graph covers i. colored directed multigraphs j kratochvãl   a proskurowski   ja telle proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ;   1997.0 
radiation characteristics of fuel and wastes in uâ ?? pu and thâ ?? u fuel cycles ba gabaraev   ik ganev   av lopatkin at .  
searches for heavy neutrinos from decays of the z ( abstract only ) k osterberg oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
standardizing communications and networks in the icu rm gardner   wl hawley patient monitoring and data management conference . aami & hellip ;    
board control   remuneration committees   and top management compensation mj conyon   si peck the academy of management journal   1998.0 
phd diss : regulation of life history strategies within individuals in predictable and unpredictable jd jacobs univ washington seattle usa    
nodose { a tool for semi-automatically extracting semi-structured data from text documents . in acm b adelberg seattle   washington    
the globalization of environmental management standards : barriers and incentives in europe and in ma delmas santa barbara   ca : university of california at santa barbara & hellip ;   2001.0 
live : what a concept ! ... networked games c crawford acm press siggraph series   1998.0 
a foundation for multidimensional databases   vldbâ ?? 97 m gyssens   lvs lakshmanan proceedings of 23rd international conference on very large & hellip ;    
nonlinear problems of elasticity ss antman  1994.0 
incremental cluster for mining in a data warehousing environment m ester   h kriegel   j sander   m wimmer   x xu proc . of 24 thintâ ?? l conf . of vldb    
urban centers in the central puget sound region : a baseline summary and comparison psr council puget sound regional council   seattle   washington   usa    
algorithms for special cases of rectilinear steiner trees : i. points on the boundary of a pk agarwal   m shing  1986.0 
makeindex version 3.0 j schrod   g herr technical university darmstadt    
deadlock freedom hf korth acm transactions on database systems   1982.0 
a displacement approach to the analysis for seismically induced torsion in buildings e lumantarna   ntk lam   jl wilson procs . of the australian earthquake engineering society & hellip ;    
efficient and effective server-sided distributed clustering hp kriegel   m pfeifle proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
a proposal for a formal model of objects y wand acm press frontier series   1989.0 
internet pricing and the history of communications [ j ] o andrew computer networks    
efficiently supporting ad hoc queries in large datasets of time sequences kf jagadish   h faloutsos proc . acm sigmod int . conf . management  
continued fractions with three limit points ge andrews   bc berndt   j sohn   aj yee   a zaharescu submitted for  
from creutzfeldt-jakob disease to the mad cow epidemic g sternbach   cl dibble   j varon journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
412p e version isbn    
radio k-colorings of paths g chartrand   l nebesky   p zhang discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2004.0 
what is the formal methods debate about a hall ieee computer    
ptranâ ?? the ibm parallel translation system v sarkar acm press frontier series   1991.0 
norms rather than leadership : how to manage vanishing resource and inequity c von borgstede unpublished manuscript    
the salutogenic model and the use of the sense of coherence scale in nursing researchâ ?? a a langius   h bjã ¶ rvell vã ¥ rd i norden    
fracture mechanics and infrared measurements of the selfdiffusion of chains in polymer melt hh kausch   k jud proc . 28th iupac macromolecular symposium    
exceptions to constraints in databases : live and learn a borgida   w williamson proceedings of the llth vldb conference    
fast sequential algorithm to find shuffle-minimizing and shortest paths in a shuffle-exchange j hershberger stanford university : technical report cs-tr 85-1050    
drainage in arid regions jh boumans   
innovation speed : a conceptual model of context   antecedents   and outcomes eh kessler   ak chakrabarti the academy of management review   1996.0 
openping : a reflective middleware for the construction of adaptive networked game applications p okanda   g blair proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ;   2004.0 
schemasql-a language for interoperability in relational multi-database systems lvs lakshmanan vldb   1996.0 
acceptable probability and the scale of a serious accident at a nuclear power plant ea ivanov   lp khamâ ?? yanov at .  
students behaving badly in large classes e carbone new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
designing global applications for wireless devices with java and xml a dabkowski   am jankowska   k kurbel   
justice   the market and climate change c hamilton see low    
time-critical data transmission in the foundation fieldbus hh seung   dj byung procs . of ieee international symposium on industrial & hellip ;    
report of analysis   reference material 8418 wheat gluten . national institute of standards and m ihnat md    
no one in my group can be below the group 's average : a robust positivity blas in favor of anonymous y klar   ee giladi journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
nedocromil sodium vs. sodium cromoglycate for preventing exercise-induced bronchoconstriction in k kelly   ch spooner   bh rowe cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
panelists   â ?? itcâ ?? 99 benchmark circuits-preliminary results   â ?? s davidson proc . int . test conf    
optimizing the proseeutive function in the district of columbia je jacoby proc . acm urban symposium    
urgency of ethical standards intensifies in computer community mc mcfarland   
jamila b bhushan & hellip ; metalware . bombay : all india handicrafts board   ministry of & hellip ;    
childhood conscientiousness and longevity : health behaviors and cause of death hs friedman   js tucker   je schwartz   lr martin journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
nicmos instrument handbook   version 2.0   stsci   baltimore jw mackentyâ ? ¦ md    
pheochromocytoma and bowel ischemia a salehi   el legome   k eichhorn   rs jacobs journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
integrating association rule mining algorithms with relational database systems j hipp   u grimmer   
investigations on butterfly fe/s cluster s-centered anions ( mu-s - ) 2fe2 ( co ) 6   ( mu-s - ) ( mu-rs ) fe2 ( lc song acc chem res   2005.0 
new black hole solutions in the string gravity with noncompact extra dimensions and their s alexeyev   n popov   a barrau   j grain   
matlab * p 2.0 : a unified parallel matlab r choy   a edelman   
lieberman to push punitive measure f say san  
the deadlock problem : an overview ss isloor   ta marsland   
measuring structural change in concepts ee rissland   ce brodley   m friedman submitted for publication    
on the way to the professoriate : the dissertation rg hamilton new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
a comparison of ` traditional ' and multimedia information systems development practices c barry   m lang information & software technology    
lichen communities b mccune   j dey   j peck   k heiman   s will-wolf & hellip ; loblolly/shortleaf pine demonstration final report . us & hellip ;    
positron annihilation in chemistry oe mogensen  1995.0 
odd and residue domination numbers of a graph y caro   wf klostermeyer   jl goldwasser discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2001.0 
technical activities forum : multiple-valued logic tc stresses innovation m kameyama ieee  
numerical study of the steady state uniform flow past a rotating cylinder jc padrino   dd joseph   
â ?? comparison of erosion rates of carbon-carbon and molybdenum ion optics js meserole   de hedges proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion  
adaptive navigation in real autonomous agents d lambrinos  1995.0 
can nonexperimental comparison group methods match the findings from a random assignment evaluation h bloom   c michalopoulos   c hill   y lei manpower demonstration research corporation   june    
smallest enclosing disks ( balls and ellipsoids ) e welzl lecture notes in computer science   1991.0 
i. beigel   m. furst   and s. rudich : the expressive power of voting polynomials j aspnes proceedings of the 23rd annual acâ ?? m syrn-posium on theory & hellip ;    
handling summary information in a database h sato sigmod rec    
london : columbia university press/wallflower press   2002 . xviii   285p . appendices . notes . bibliog . n york   
the c-hã ? ã?ã?o hydrogen bond in crystals : what is it gr desiraju acc . chem . res    
discontinuous trajectories optimality in the nonlinear optimal control problems g kolokolnikova procs of 13th world congress of the ifac    
student involvement : active learning in classes p frederick new directions for teaching and  
the pyramid-tree : towards breaking the curse of dimensionality s berchtold   c bã ¶ hm   hp kriegel proc . int . conf . on management of data ( sigmodâ ?? 98 )   & hellip ;    
group-delay measurements using phase-shift method : improvement on the accuracy t niemi   g genty   h ludvigsen   
calaban a adamson demonstration at birmingham university   england   june    
specification of techniques for handling exceptions with petri nets a oberweis automatisierungstechnikâ ?? at    
motivated skepticism : use of differential decision criteria for preferred and nonpreferred ph ditto   df lopez journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0 
print issn : 0004-0894 online issn : 1475-4762 frequency : quarterly current volume : 36 isi journal b home   j home   lof journals   em alerts   s index     
certifying ots software components j voas ieee computer    
exceptions to the rule : the implementation of 24-month time-limit extensions in w-2 s gooden   fc doolittle   
vc tâ ?? a formal language for the specification of diagrammatic modelling techniques ja serrano   r welland   
a survey of indexing techniques for moving object trajectories oi abdul-matin   on waterloo   
programming with microsoft visual c++ . net g shepherd   dj kruglinski microsoft  
analytic traffic models of cdma cellular networks d everitt proc . int . teletraffic  
undulating filaments in nitella endoplasm and motive force generation ns allen see ref    
protected fishes of the united states and canada . american fisheries society   bethesda je johnson md    
el hagen & j. rosenfeld m saunders   p vogel acc . chem . res    
trajectories of sinking particles in the sargasso sea : modeling of statistical funnels above deep - da siegel   wg deuser deep-sea research i   1997.0 
transformation methods for nonpianar process simulation k wimmer   i bauer   s halamna   g hobler   s proceedings sisdep . ( zurich   switzerland )    
kristina s. johnson pofsap by  2000.0 
conceptual framework and architecture for service mediating workflow management j hu   p grefen information and software technology   2003.0 
a survey-based study of venture capital governance in mainland china z wei   j yanfu   c yaogang international conference on management of innovation and & hellip ;    
faloutsos . c. ( 1997 ) . efficiently supporting ad hoc queries in large datasets of time sequences f korn   h jagadish proceedings  
final summary report g wright west coast demonstration project . april    
energy-efficient caching strategies in ad hoc wireless networks p nuggehalli   v srinivasan   cf chiasserini proceedings of acm mobihoc   2003.0 
using sets of feature vectors for similarity search on voxelized cad objects hp kriegel   s brecheisen   m pfeifle   m schubert sigmod conference   2003.0 
catalytic asymmetric synthesis t katsuki ojima i    
building models through formal specification g renker   h ahriz lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
dbrs : a density-based spatial clustering method with random sampling x wang   hj hamilton lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
in vivo replication of filamentous phage dna ds ray see dumas    
baring it all to software : the raw machine e waingold   m taylor   v sarkar   w lee   v lee   j   
studies of portland cement hydration by measurements of chemical shrinkage and a systematic m geiker technical university of  
the merge/purge problem for large databases ma hernndez   sj stolfo proceedings of sigmod-95    
dynamic load balancing for parallel association rule mining on heterogeneous pc cluster system m kitsuregawa   t tamura proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;    
detection of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 ( hiv-1 ) antibody by western blotting and hiv-1 dna jb jackson   js parsons   ls nichols   n knoble   s   
blood flow in simple microchannels w chang   d trebotich   lp lee   d liepmann see ref   2000.0 
multicoloured hamilton cycles and perfect matchings in pseudo-random graphs d kuhn   d osthus   
previews and overviews in digital libraries : designing surrogates to support visual information s greene   g marchionini   c plaisant   b shneiderman   
a study of student attitudes towards basic standards testing jm rivard  1999.0 
computer performance modeling handbook ss lavenberg  1983.0 
disease in canadian amphibian populations gj crawshaw see ref    
face recognition based on depth and curvature features gg gordon   
digital binaural/stereo conversion and crosstalk canceling k kotorynski proceedings of  
tridimensional personality questionnaire   version 4 cr cloninger unpublished manuscript    
fast nearest neighbor search in medical image databases f korn   c faloutsos   e siegel   z protopapas vldb   1996.0 
the three-level zvs pwm converter -- a new concept in high-voltage dc-to-dc conversion jr pinheiro   i barbi iecon-proceedings -   1992.0 
fm-cw doppler radar signal processing for precipitation measurements lp ligthart   lr nieuwkerk   js van sinttruijen conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
inflation   monetary transparency   and g3 exchange rate volatility kn kuttner   as posen   
a toolkit for dependable and extensible home networking applications ym wang   w russell   a arora  2000.0 
acoustic profiles in vocal emotion expression r banse   kr scherer journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
the activation approach in dutch and belgian social policies r van berkel   j de schampheleire journal of european area studies   2001.0 
damping ratio of linear uncertain discrete-time systems cb soh   
event-driven architecture poised for wide adoption c sliwa computerworld    
prequential probability theory vg vovk unpublished manuscript    
improving the query performance of high-dimensional index structures by bulk-load operations s berchtold   c boehm   hp kriegel lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
computing joins of relations . l gotleib proc . acm-sigmod conf . manage . of data   san jose   calif.   & hellip ;    
modelling of lakes entrance mj mcmaster   dg provis   rb grayson   a mccowan   
hu jet al. buffered steiner tree for difficult instances cj alpert   m hrkic proc . acm ispd    
asymmetric transesterification catalyzed by enzymes in organic solvents am klibanov acc chem res    
computer communications and learning bl bellman new directions for teaching and learning   1992.0 
data bubbles : quality preserving performance boosting m breuning   hp kriegel   p krã ¶ ger   j sander proc . acm sigmod    
one hundred days in an activity-centric collaboration environment m muller   w geyer   b brownholtz   e wilcox   dr proc . acm sigchi   vienna   austria    
the liability of colleges and universities for fraud   waste   and abuse in federally funded grants sd gordon new directions for higher education   1996.0 
a multi-access technique for broadband wireless local networks b bing   r subramanian computer networks   1999.0 
power-conscious design of wireless circuits and systems aa abidi   gj pottie   wj kaiser proceedings-ieee   2000.0 
variability of anthropometric traits in australian aboriginals and adjacent popuiations pa parsons   ng white see ref    
some inequalities between shannon entropy and kolmogorov   chaitin   and extension complexities sk leung-yan-cheong   tm cover technical report 16   dept. of statistics   stanford university    
efficient concurrent zero-knowledge in the auxiliary string model i damgard lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
mouse hepatitis virus strain jhm infects a human hepatocellular carcinoma cell line pj koetters   l hassanieh   sa stohlman   t gallagher virology-new york -   1999.0 
immunosuppressive effects of the morpholinoethyl ester of mycophenolic acid ( rs-61443 ) in rat and re morris   j wang   jr blum   t flavin   mp murphy   transplant  
storage service providers : a solution for storage management ? b ozden   e gabber   b hillyer   wt ng   e shriver   dj proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
risk factors for hiv-1 infection among street-recruited intravenous drug users in new york city   sr friedman   a rosenblum   d goldsmithâ ? ¦ montreal   canada   june    
version 3.5 j felsenstein   ppi package university of washington   seattle    
three dimensional subband coding of video g karlsson   m vetterli  1988.0 
conditional maximum likelihood estimation of nã $ ä ± ve bayes probability models c chelba   a acero technical report to appear   microsoft research   redmond   wa    
identifying factors influencing engineering student retention through a longitudinal and cross - t anderson   r carter   m ohland   b thorndyke   g proc . amer . soc . eng . ed.   montreal   canada   june    
personal communications t lockery nathan hale high school . seattle   washington    
the past was no illusion w bransford acm press siggraph series   1998.0 
application of extended luenberger observer for flux and rotor time-constant estimation in induction t orlowska-kowalska   
software diversity : practical statistics for its measurements and exploitation d patridge   wj krzanowski information & software technology    
a taxonomy of organizational justice theories j greenberg the academy of management review   1987.0 
9800-j patuxent woods drive   columbia ab components   
emancipating instances from the tyranny of classes in information modeling j parsons   y wand acm transactions on database systems   2000.0 
hinges in collective action : strategic innovation in the pittston coal strike k beckwith mobilization-san diego -   2000.0 
caring and paying : what fathers and mothers say about child support . ff furstenbergâ ? ¦  1992.0 
opportunity and impediment in graduate program innovation p albrecht new directions for higher education   1984.0 
modeling foreign exchange markets : stock versus flow je pippenger   
multigranularity locking in multiple job classes transaction processing system h kong sigmod record   1995.0 
a. humus origin   chemical composition   and importance in nature ; williams and wikins : baltimore s waksman md    
xl : an xml programming language for web service specification and composition d florescu   a gruenhagen   d kossmann computer networks   2003.0 
race and evolutionary theory : differences in models of self-perceived physical attractiveness for tj wade unpublished manuscript    
performance comparison criteria for atm switch models m becker   al beylot computer networks   2000.0 
cover story : realidade virtual l von schweber   e von schweber pc magazine brasil    
a taxonomy of wireless micro-sensor network models s tilak   nb abu-ghazaleh   w heinzelman   
response to nc rowe 's review b shneiderman acm sigmod record   1982.0 
universal contentâ ?? extracting the essence o draper   d beaumont bt technology journal   2000.0 
short period group velocity measurements and maps in central asia al levshin   
eule2 : a knowledge-based system for supporting office work u reimer   a margelisch   b novotny   t vetterli acm siggroup bulletin   1998.0 
experimental modeling and field study of transtensional folding [ ms thesis ] : madison m venkat-ramani university of wisconsin    
on the recognition and design of acyclic databases ad ` atri   m moscarini proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0 
the map of neuronal signal substances in flatworms mks gustafsson   m reuter proc . int . conf . neurobiol   goa   india    
all-out search . a singh   d lidsky pc magazine    
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia c faloutsos   ki lin md    
toward innovation and diversity in management research methods jm bartunek   p bobko   n venkatraman the academy of management journal   1993.0 
what microsoft could learn from us vs. ibm g anthes   
applying the standards : continuity and change . teacher 's resources . ph porter social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
improving health professionals ' management and the organisation of care for overweight and obese el harvey   a glenny   sf kirk   cd summerbell cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
incremental maintenance of externally materialized views m staudt   m jarke vldb   1996.0 
the next generation motor control methodâ ?? direct torque control   dtc p pohjalainen   p tiitinen   j lalu proceedings of the  
consistency and transactions in cad database t neumann   c hornung vldb   1982.0 
chapter 2 : models   modelling   and the design of the study s ransdell   c hawkins   r adams international journal of educational research    
from registered nurse to registered nanny : discursive geographies of filipina domestic workers in g pratt economic geography   1999.0 
the effect of in-service education on emergency nurses ' documentation of physical assessment kj cone   ma anderson   ja johnson journal of emergency nursing   1996.0 
using session initiation protocol to build context-aware voip support for multiplayer networked a singh   a acharya proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ;   2004.0 
specification of integrity-preserving operations in information systems by using a formal uml-based r laleau   f polack information and software technology    
a taxonomy of indoor and outdoor positioning techniques for mobile location services v zeimpekis   gm giaglis   g lekakos   
etude d'un analyseur de surface de la langue natureue pour un sys # me de recherche documentaire p patrick   b catherine proc . cais conference   montreal   canada   june    
an investigation of the potential role of speech production models in automatic speech recognition rc rose   j schroeter   mm sondhi proc . int . conf . sp . lang . proc    
using metrics to manage software projects ef weller   
l. seiler the volume pro real-time raycasting system h pfister   j hardenbergh   j knittel   h lauer proceedings of acm siggraphâ ?? 99    
developing educational software components m koutlis   j roschelle   a reppening ieee computer    
next generation database systems wonâ ?? t work without semantics ! panel session j myopoulos sigmod record    
time modeling in office information systems f barbic   b pernici acm sigmod record   1985.0 
on the densification process of porous materials under uniaxial compression : theory and experiments a shirizly   j tirosh   l rubinski  1996.0 
andh.-p . kriegel . the pyramid technique : towards breaking the curse of dimensionality s berchtold   c bohm proc . of the acmsigmod international conference on  
deadlock removal using partial rollback in database systems ds fussell   zm kedem   a silberschatz   
mgs : a multigrained shared memory system   '' d yeung   j kubiatowicz   a agarwal proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on computer & hellip ;    
efficient mining of association rules in distributed databases dw cheung   vt ng   aw fu knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on   1996.0 
incremental generalization for mining in a data warehousing environment m ester   r wittmann   
pearls of wisdom for your emergency medicine rotation b lubavin   m phelps journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
checking safety properties using induction and a sat-solver m sheeran   s singh   g stalmarck lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
effects of perspective on stereoscopic depth contrast of inclined surfaces m sato   ip howard  1999.0 
design criteria for rock fill spillways a rathgeb   
aging of copperâ ?? nickelâ ?? cobaltâ ?? manganite ntc thermistorsâ ?? o mrooz   i hadzaman   m vakiv   o shpotyuk   j plewa     
the design of innovation : lessons from genetic algorithms de goldberg unpublished manuscript    
on the nature and function of emotion : a component process approach kr scherer approaches to emotion    
everyday devices that see : electronic-perception technology c bamjiâ ? ¦ in proc . siggraph   acm press    
optical disks . d nadeau computerworld.   1983.0 
windows 200 disk io performance l chung   b worthington   r horst   j gray microsoft technical report   ms-tr-2000-55   june  
mash1 promotes neuronal differentiation in the retina k tomita   s nakanishi   f guillemot   r kageyama genes to cells   1996.0 
the x-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional data . 22 ndint sd berchtold   d keim   hp kriegel conf . on very large data bases    
cm * - a modular   multi-microprocessor rj swan   sh fuller   dp siewiorek proc . afips    
to appear in the proceedings of the astrophysics of gravitational wave sources   college park k gultekin   mc miller   dp hamilton md    
computing commonsense p singh   m minsky   i eslick bt technology journal   2004.0 
the origin of the winnerâ ?? s curse g charness   d levin  2005.0 
identifying density-based local outliers mm bruenig   hp kriegel   rt ng   j sander proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
delfosnetx : a workbench for xml-based information retrieval systems m fernandez   p pavon   j rodrä ± guez   l anido   m procs . of the 7th international symposium of string & hellip ;    
diversity among disciplines : the same goals for all ? . js stark   lr lattuca new directions for higher education   1994.0 
capbased-ams - a framework for capability-based and event-driven activity management system k karlapalem   hp yeung   pck hung   
optional properties versus subtyping in conceptual modeling : a theory and empirical test f bodart   r weber   
mems-based thermal management of electronics using spray impingement jy murthy   ch amon   k gabriel   p kumta   sc yao proc . int . electronic packaging  
data structure for association rule mining : t-trees and p-trees f coenen   p leng   s ahmed ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
an algorithm for convex polytopes dr chand   ss kapur journal of the acm ( jacm )   1970.0 
some info that may be helpful in mfipâ ?? afdc assistance category changes in swim . g hamilton internal memo . new york : manpower demonstration research & hellip ;    
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotation in cl mcarthur   j gorchynski   c rooke   g hamilton journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
recruit with your head   retain with your heart d foote computerworld    
relaxed multijava : balancing extensibility and modular typechecking t millstein   m reay   c chambers   
an approach to interactive media system for mobile devices es ryu   c yoo proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
parasitic authentication to protect your e-wallet t ebringer   p thorne   
the effect of skewed data access on buffer hits and data contention an a data sharing environment a dan   dm dias   ps yu vldb   1990.0 
optimizing queries on compressed bitmaps s amer-yahia   t johnson proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;   2000.0 
prejudice expectations moderate preconscious attention to social identity threatening cues cr kaiser   sb vick   b major  2004.0 
efficient content location in wireless ad hoc networks j tchakarov   n vaidya   
recent experiences with the stabilized temperature platform furnace and zeeman background correction w slavin   gr carnrick   dc manning   e pruszkowska at . spectrosc    
a performance study of workfile disk management for concurrent mergesorts in a multiprocessor kl wu   ps yu   jy chung   jz teng proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
m.   hamilton   d.   l. & sorrentino   r.   m. 1989 . uncertainty orientation and recall of person - d driscoll & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa  
metadata standards for data warehousing : open information model vs. common warehouse metadata t vetterli   a vaduva   m staudt acm sigmod record   2000.0 
visualising action contracts in object-oriented modelling s kent   j gil iee proceedings software   1998.0 
interventions for improving adherence to treatment in patients with high blood pressure in k schroeder   t fahey   s ebrahim cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
efficient string matching : an aid to biliographic search a aho   m corasick comm . acm    
the risks and inadequacy of extended programs . wd hawley new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
design criteria of an ipm machine suitable for field-weakened operation a fratta   a vagati   f villata proc . int . conf . electric machines    
pricing for a durable-goods monopolist under rapid sequential innovation lj kornish management science   2001.0 
new trends in probability and statistics   volume 2   vsp   utrecht   1992 f schweiger   e manstavicius   
experimental section ja goodenough   k jorgensen   s satterlee   be acta acc . chem . res   1993.0 
bayesian estimation of distance and surface normal with a time-of-flight laser rangefinder j lang   
capbased-ams : a capability-based and event-driven activity management system ( demonstrations ) pck hung   hp yeung   k karlapalem proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
version 2.01 gw basic copyright microsoft    
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : tg janz   gc hamilton   ma eilers   m wagner   m journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 
terrestrial planet finder : the search for life-bearing planets around other stars ca beichman proc . spie   1998.0 
report on ngits ' 99 : the 4th international workshop on next generation information technologies and acms anthology sigmod record   1999.0 
application of growth and yield modelling as an indicator of sustainable forest management pr van gardingen   pd phillips & hellip ; conference on data management and modelling using remote & hellip ;    
devise : integrated querying and visual exploration of large datasets r ramkrishnan   m livny proc . sigmod    
fluid flow in calcareous sandstones and siliceous marbles during wollastonite grade contact js lackey wisconsin   university of wisconsin    
communicating x-machines : a practical approach for formal and modular specification of large systems p kefalas   g eleftherakis   e kehris information and software technology   2003.0 
supra   495 f lp riles supp . at    
spreadsheets   optimization   and fomoa r schwabauer   e nedimala proc 29th us army oper res symp    
racial differences in spatial job search patterns : exploring the causes and consequences ma stoll   s raphael   
multiple polylogarithms at roots of unity and geometry of modular varieties ab goncharov to  
a language facility for designing interactive database-intensive systems j mylopoulos   pa bernstein   hkt wong acm trans . on database systems    
databases and workflow management : what . is it all about ? - p statement   
organizational theories : some criteria for evaluation sb bacharach the academy of management review   1989.0 
an introduction to disk modelling c ruemmler   j wilkes ieee computer    
incremental evaluation of rules and its relationship to parallelism o wolfson   hm dewan   sj stolfo   y yemini   
summary of estimates of fertility and mortality a coale   f lorimer see ref    
richa . accessingnearbycopies ofreplicatedobjectsin adistributedenvironment c plaxton   r rajaramanda proc . acm spaa   june    
a wespi a-towards a taxonomy of intrusion-detection systems h debar m dacier computer networks    
mobile ip and ad hoc networks : an integration and implementation experience yc tseng   cc shen   wt chen   
a variable span scatterplot smoother . laboratory for computational statistics jh friedman  1984.0 
e.   mw friedman and cj pollard . 1987 . a centering approach to pronouns s brennan proceedings of the 25 thannual meeting of the association  
performance of gmos vs. traditional varieties : a southern perspective . p. 1â ?? 9 h minor proc . of the 28th soybean seed research conf.   chicago   il . & hellip ;    
conceptualizing the scholarship of teaching and identifying unresolved issues : the framework for c kreber new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
influencing database language standards l gallagher sigmod record   1994.0 
the interpretation ofcultures c geertz new york : basicbooks    
towards high-quality synthesis of the guitar and string instruments m karjalainen   v v & m & i   z janosy proc . int . comp . music  
thermal and petrologic structure of subduction zones sm peacock subduction : top to bottom   1996.0 
extrapolation of damage test data to predict performance of large-area nif optics at 355 nm md feit   am rubenchik   mr kozlowski   fy gã © nin   s proc . spie   1999.0 
nonionizing electromagnetic wave effects in biological materials and systems cc johnson   aw guy proc . ieee    
a study of the size-cost-achievement relationships in the reorganized school districts of wisconsin . dh bragg  1960.0 
critical selected stability constants of metal complexes database   version 2.0   national institute ae martell   rm smith   rj motekaitis md    
hardware accelerated rendering of csg and transparency mkk gouldâ ? ¦ proc . of acm siggraph    
development of an oil-free vacuum deposition unit rj patel   sg dewan   cp gopalaraman bhabha atomic research centre   bombay   india . 1975   19   1975.0 
effects of immunosuppressive therapy on the rat aortic allograft model dm steele   da hullett   wo bechstein   j kowalski transplantation proceedings   1993.0 
data modelling in the large m bertram sigmod record   1994.0 
demonstration of integrated cmos acceleration sensors and real-time processing software with h junker   p lukowicz   a caracas   ks kunze   p description of live demonstration at 1st european symposium & hellip ;    
concordant evolutionary patterns among indo-west pacific butterflyfishes wo mcmillan   sr palumbi proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
contracting in the days of ebusiness w huemmer   w lehner   h wedekind sigmod record   2002.0 
trabecular remodeling processes in the ovariectomized rat : modified node-strut analysis - t abe   k sato   n miyakoshi   t kudo   y tamura   t bone-new york -   1999.0 
ripping coins for a fair exchange m jakobsson lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
an x-ray topographic study of planar growth dffeets in a natural diamond [ j ] b lawn   y kamiya   ar lang phil mag    
an ontological analysis of use case modeling grammar g irwin   d turk journal of the association for information systems   2005.0 
bimatrix equilibrium points and mathematical programming ce lemke management science   1965.0 
contracting for high school and beyond pa sebring   cd carroll new directions for program evaluation   1987.0 
p. and rama mri tham   k. 1994 . synthesis of extended transaction models using acta n chrysa acm transactions on database  
tertiary storage : current status and future trends s prabhakar   d agrawal   a el abbadi   a singh  1996.0 
analysis of the muon/electron ratio in eas jh weber   t antoni   wd apel   f badea   k bekk   k proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf.   salt lake city   1999.0 
final report on the saturation work initiative model in san diego g hamilton   d friedlander  1989.0 
xl : a platform for web services d florescu   d kossmann   
spatial nonlinearity oferg by multi-input stimuli . international society for clinical yy usuis   y ooe the 33rd symposium   athens   greece   june    
essays on the repeat use of unemployment insurance s schwartz   a aydemir   
digital livingâ ?? people-centred innovation and strategy b anderson   c gale   ap gower   ef france   mlr jones bt technology journal   2002.0 
fibrinogen depleting agents for acute ischaemic stroke ( cochrane review ) m liu   c counsell   xl zhao   j wardlaw cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
disks on air s acharya   m franklin   s zdonik   r alonso proc . acm sigmod    
water quality effects assessment summary report k county & hellip ; county department of natural resources . seattle   washington    
computer music composition : the polyphonic pod system b truax ieee computer    
cordic based application specific processor for orthogonal transforms f argã 1/4 ello   jd bruguera   r doallo   t lang   el   
pixelflow : high-speed rendering using image composition s molnar   j eyles   
stars in a circle publications ep quality   gt heydt  1991.0 
adaptive classification of web documents to users interests g potamias   
is experts ' knowledge modular f gobet   
s.   paraboschi   s.   pozzi   g. ( 2000 ) . specification and implementation of exceptions in workflow fc casati acm transaction on database  
a requirements-driven development methodology j castro   m kolp   j mylopoulos lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
p. ( 1987 ) student involvement : active learning in classes ick freder new directions for teaching and  
private communication : at mt = 175 gev and s = 2.0 tev   the resummed next-to-leading order tt cross e laenen at  
on error analysis and numerics of recovering scattered waves . j liu   g nakamura   r potthast submitted for  
a taxonomy and evaluation of dense two-frame stereo correspondence algorithms . ijcv 47 ( 1/2/3 ) : 7-42 d scharstein   r szeliski microsoft research technical report msr-tr-2001-81   november  
the exponential convergence of posterior probabilities with implications for bayes estimators of a barron unpublished manuscript    
innovation   competencies and technological change in the polymer industry bc fialho   l hasenclever   ca hemais  2001.0 
direct measurements of the inherent frequency stability of quartz crystal resonators ae wainwright   fl walls   wd mccaa   
microstructure of the mist zone on glass fracture surfaces jw johnson   dg holloway phil . mag    
microscopic analysis of autograft bone applied at the interface of porous-coated devices in human aa hofmann   rd bloebaum   mh rubman   kn bachus   rl international orthopaedics   1992.0 
boosting chaff 's performance by incorporating csp heuristics c ansotegui   j larrubia   f manya lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
uml in a nutshel ss alhir   
benini . l. ( 1999 ) . â ?? virtual simulation of distributed ip-based designsâ ?? . dacâ ?? 99â ?? design m dalpasso   a bogliolo proceedings   acm press    
7134 columbia gateway drive   columbia i avnet   
hardware vendors profit from integration push j vijayan computerworld    
s. zdonik disseminating updates on broadcast disks s acharya   m franklin 22nd vldb conference  
hemispheric disconnection : callosotomy and hemispherotomy jg villemure   o vernet   o delalande advances and technical standards in neurosurgery   2000.0 
juggling low-wage work and family life : what mothers say about their childrenâ ?? s well-being in the as london   ek scott   k edin   v hunter new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
the common sense representation of illness danger h leventhal   d meyer   d nerenz contributions to medical psychology   1980.0 
robot navigation under approximate self-localisation a saffiotti   
in   hp & chem   hm.â ?? from requirements negotiation to software architecture decisionsâ ?? r kazmana information and software  
godis and the dialogue move engine toolkit p bohlin   s larsson   
on the transition from deflagration to detonation . major topics in combustion je shepherd   jhs lee  1992.0 
modifications to sparc for the alewife multiprocessor â ??   alewife systems memo # 3 j kubiatowicz  1990.0 
high-level design validation and test s dey   j abraham   y zorian proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0 
charge-carrier transport in disordered organic materials : dipoles   quadrupoles   traps   and all that sv novikov   dh dunlap   vm kenkre proceedings of  
developing institutional teams . jp gallagher new directions for higher education   1994.0 
nitrogen and carbon isotopic composition of marine and terrestrial organic matter in arctic ocean cj schubert   se calvert   
communications failure halts railroad j cope computerworld    
effective similarity search on voxelized cad object hp kriegel   z mashael   m pfeifle   t seidl   
a chemical approach for identifying o-glcnac-modified proteins in cells dj vocadlo   hc hang   ej kim   ja hanover   cr   
infopipes : a flexible framework for m-commerce applications g gottlob   m herzog proc . of tes workshop at vldb    
some factors influencing the injuries sustained by child pedestrians struck by the front of cars sj ashton proceedings of the 23rd stapp car crash conference   stapp   & hellip ;    
case standards debate rages : sheer number of proposals hampers users   vendors   organizations n margolis   
swenson   jr   and tzichritzis   dc a unified approach to functional dependencies and relations pa bernstein proc . acm sigmod conf . on manage . of data   san jose   calif    
testing embedded-core-based system chips y zorian   ej marinissen   s dey   
programming components with microsoft visual basic 6.0 g eddon   h eddon  1998.0 
the evaluation of a self-restoring barrier rail installation   summary final report mp strong   mt stanley demonstration  
representation of the spectrum of fission neutrons from 235 u   239 pu   and 252 cf and the reactor vd sevastâ ?? yanov at .  
fatal vascular catastrophe in ehlers-danlos syndrome : a case report and review pj wimmer   ds howes   dp rumoro   m carbone journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
virus taxonomy fa murphy   cm fauquet   dhl bishopâ ? ¦  2002.0 
internet pricing and the history of communications am odlyzko computer networks   2001.0 
interactive retrieval of 3d shape models using physical objects h ichida   y itoh   y kitamura   f kishino proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
quantum chromodynamics fj yndurã ¡ in  1983.0 
stripes : an efficient index for predicted trajectories jm patel   y chen   vp chakka proc . acm sigmod   2004.0 
2.0 specification oompf version   
microwave radiation of the earth 's surface in the presence of vegetation cover kp kirdiashev   aa chukhlantsev   am shutko radiotekhnika i elektronika   1979.0 
jorwerd : the death of the village in late twentieth-century europe . ( 288 p ) g mak  2001.0 
secure group communication using key graphs . proccedings of the siggcom conference   vancouver   ck wong   m gouda   ss lam  1998.0 
graphcut textures : image and video synthesis using graph cuts v kwatra   a schodl   i essa   g turk   a bobick   
immunolocalization of proliferating perisinusoidal cells in rat liver sj johnson   je hines   ad burt the histochemical journal   1992.0 
ratio rules : a new paradigm for fast f korn   a labrinidis   y kotidis   c faloutsos quantifiable data mining in vldb new york   ny    
discrete ridgelet transforms for image representation mn do   m vetterli submitted for publication   2001.0 
on the criteria for selecting the site of the annual sigmod conference rh katz acm sigmod record   1981.0 
chemical properties division   national institute of standards and technology   gaithersburg kk irikura   p synspec   
ordering points to identify the clustering structure proc m ankerst   mm breunig   hp kriegel   js optics acm  
language features for flexible handling of exceptions in information a borgida systems acm transactions on database systems    
next generation database systems wo n't work without semantics ! ( panel ) j mylopoulos proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1998.0 
efficiently supporting ad hoc queries in large datasets of time sequences portal.acm.org sigmod conference   1997.0 
flow graph machine models in microcode synthesis ra mueller   j varghese acm sigmicro newsletter   1983.0 
influence of the radiation composition factor on the radiation damage to graphite va nikolaenko   vi karpukhin   vn kuznetsovâ ? ¦ at .  
investigating context-aware information push vs. information pull to tourists k cheverst   k mitchell   n davies proceedings of mobile hci   2001.0 
swale   international standards for voip g travers   p richard bt technology  
distributed depth-first search and deadlock detection   university of maryland at college park   b groå ¡ elj md    
avtometriya al grokhol ` skii   ã?l kashcheev no . i    
method configuration : adapting to situational characteristics while creating reusable assets f karlsson   pj ã?gerfalk   
the design of the c++ booch components g booch acm sigplan notices   1990.0 
software process modelling and measurement : a qms case study a pengelly   m norris   r higham information and software technology   1993.0 
evaluation of quantitative cardiac biomarker point-of-care testing in the emergency department te caragher   bb fernandez   fl jacobs   la barr journal of emergency medicine   2002.0 
no panaceasâ ?? s atre   
modular manufacturing systems for laser welding   cutting and heat treatment j held   a gillner & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry   proceedings   25 th & hellip ;   1992.0 
a fast general-purpose hardware synchronisation mechanism jt robinson   
everquest addiction : physical vs. psychological effects ( undergraduate term paper for communication e varriano   k white seattle : university of washington    
surgery for the resolution of symptoms in malignant bowel obstruction in advanced gynaecological and dj feuer   ke broadley   jh shepherd   dp barton cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
a motion and shape-based pedestrian detection algorithm h elzein   s lakshmanan   p watta   
stephen s. pollock ad proia   pd md md    
auv navigation sensor integration   8p c stewart  2000.0 
changes in part d of idea : an initial analysis of benchmark policy changes and their relationships pj kleinhammer-tramill   ks gallagher   p earley unpublished manuscript    
electromigration failure modes in aluminum metallization for semiconductor devices jr black proc . ieee    
performance measures for library networked services and resources r poll   
prevalence of hbv and hdv markers in patients infected with hiv in buenos aires [ abstract a 586 ] h fainboim   j benetucci   l astarloaâ ? ¦ & hellip ; international conference on aids ( montreal   canada )   june    
eye movement-based analyses of graphs and tables : the next generation gl lohse proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1993.0 
a core calculus for java exceptions d ancona   g lagorio   e zucca   
local knowledge : innovation in the networked age js brown   p duguid management learning   2002.0 
the ontological properties of social roles g boella   l van der torre procs . of loait at icailâ ?? 05    
a comparison of decision making performance in established and ad hoc groups j hall   ms williams journal of personality and social psychology    
program slicing m harman   kb gallagher information and software technology   1998.0 
a vision driven automatic assembly unit : pose determination from a single image m berger   g bachler   s scherer   a pinz   
business rules show power   promise : viewed as an effective new way to identify rule thinking for a/d e gottesdiener application development trends   1997.0 
prism : indexing multi-dimensional data in p2p networks using reference vectors od sahin   a gulbeden   f emekci   d agrawal   a el proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
multisafe - a modular multiprocessing approach to secure database management . rp trueblood   hr hartson   jj martin acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
workfile disk management for concurrent mergesorts in a multiprocessor database system kl wu   ps yu   jy chung   jz teng distributed and parallel databases   2000.0 
modelling temporal data au tansel information and software technology   1990.0 
jp airline-fleets international 98/99 32 ndedition and 99/2000 u klee   
emotional intelligence : in search of an elusive construct m davies   l stankov   rd roberts journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
states   dj 1994 . the repeat pattern toolkit ( rpt ) : analyzing the structure and evolution of the c. p agarwal proc .  
pep version 2.0 c stehno   
women and medicare kf foundation  2001.0 
the contexts of college teaching   past and future . ke eble new directions for teaching and learning   1988.0 
a decomposition-based simulated annealing technique for data clustering ka hua   sd lang   wk lee proceedings of the thirteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1994.0 
an online video placement policy based on bandwidth to space ratio ( bsr ) a dan   d sitaram   
knowledge-based information acquisition : norms and the functions of consensus information dj hilton   rh smith   md alicke journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
smith.   k.   and robinson   p.   eds.   â ?? strategies for energizing large classes : from small groups to j macgregor   j cooper new directions for teaching and  
a new fault modeling and testing technique for cmos devices yk malaiya   syh su proc . int . test conf    
materializing views with minimal size to answer queries r chirkova   c li   
beal ar and yoffe ad 1977a rh friend phil . mag    
optimizing refresh of a set of materialized views n folkert   a gupta   a witkowski   s subramanian   s proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
understanding semantic relationships vc storey the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
reverse synthesis compilation for architectural research mg stan841   jl hennessy   v sarkar technical report # 257   computer systems laboratory   stanford  
the effect of therapeutic touch on disruptive behaviors of individuals with dementia of the dl woods seattle : university of washington    
multigranularity locking in multiple job classes transaction processing system s ng   s hung acm sigmod record   1995.0 
revealing the problems with 802.11 medium access control protocol in multi-hop wireless ad hoc s xu   t saadawi computer networks   2002.0 
koreaâ ?? s national system for industrial innovationâ ?? l kim national technical system conference at stanford university    
the argument for making large classes seem small jl cooper   p robinson new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0 
microwave-stimulated incubation in immunoelectron microscopy : a quantitative study pe zondervan   a de jong   cwj sorber   lp kok   wc de the histochemical journal   1988.0 
adoption of computer aided software engineering ( case ) technology : an innovation adoption g premkumar   m potter acm sigmis database   1995.0 
incremental clustering for mining in a data warehousing environment m ester   hp kriegel   j sander   m wimmer   x xu vldb   1998.0 
virus taxonomy : classification and nomenclature of viruses : seventh report of the international mhv van regenmortelâ ? ¦   
two types of granule cells in the cerebellar cortex yi arshavskii   mb berkinblit   im gel ` fand   vs neirofiziologiya   i    
a systematic approach to ultrasonic slurry gfaas nj miller-ihli at . spectrosc    
metadata standards for data warehousing : open information model vs. common warehouse metamodel [ j ] t vetterliy   a vaduvaz   m staudty sigmod record    
chapter 17 : reputation . peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies ed . andy oram r lethin oâ ?? reilly and associates  
discriminative justice : can discrimination be just ? ts rocco   sj gallagher new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
the theory of probability bv gnedenko   
the nesc language : a holistic approach to networked embedded systems d gay   p levis   r von behren   m welsh   e brewer   d   
wanted : programmers for handheld devices d kiely   
group communication using modular protocol stacks sp rana   ma fisher   pf mckee bt technology journal   2000.0 
modelling human perception aw rix   a bourret   mp hollier bt technology journal    
pu . apracticaland modularimplementation technique of extended transaction models r bargaandc proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;    
airfoil design and data r eppler  1992.0 
from the wings of drosophilia to the brains of mental patients s mednick   mo huttunen unpublished manuscript    
the topsfield foundation : fostering democratic community building through face-to-face dialogue c flavin-mcdonald   mh barrett new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0 
arvind   and derek chiou . start the next generation : integrating global caches and dataflow bs ang  1994.0 
use of the ramberg-ba 1 cklund rearrangement for the synthesis of medium and large heterocyclic di magee   ej beck acc . chem . res   1968.0 
microwave stimulation of an immunological reaction ( cea/anti-cea ) and its use in a hjerpe   me boon   lp kok the histochemical journal   1988.0 
groundnut ak singh   sn nigam see ref    
multiresolution analysis of arbitrary meshes metdrt duchamp   hhm lounsbery   w stuetzle proceedings of acm  
postglacial sediments in union bay da mcmanus lake washington   seattle   washington : northwest science    
the papi system : point of access to providers of information r castro-rojo   dr lopez computer networks   2001.0 
information technology user devices in higher education d mclaughlin new directions for higher education   2001.0 
correspondence education ad lockmiller  1996.0 
ground water management plan for the construction of the bonneville navigation lock jd graham   d scofield   s farooqui   s sagstad   k water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
in : twentieth biennial conference on carbon b rand   m turnip   t cheung uc santa barbara ( california   usa )   american carbon society    
the squall line of 21 july 1992 in southern germany : an observational case study sp haase-straub   m hagen   t hauf   d heimann   m contributions to atmospheric physics   1997.0 
karl kautsky and the social science of classical marxism . 1989 jh kautsky   
querying across languages : a dictionary-based approach to multilingual information retrieval da hull   g grefenstette & hellip ; of the 19th annual international acm sigir conference on & hellip ;   1996.0 
wilkes . anintroduction to diskdrivemodeling c ruemmlerandj ieee computer    
it 's power   stupid ! . mw gray new directions for higher education   1994.0 
a new perspective on equity theory : the equity sensitivity construct rc huseman   jd hatfield   ew miles the academy of management review   1987.0 
processing of dues from the moving environment in the drosophila navigation system kg g & z see braitenberg    
web acceleration a hickman   j morris   c levin   s rupley   d willmott pc  
non destructive technique based on vibrations measurements and piezoelectric patches array for e monacoâ ? ¦ nde for health monitoring and diagnostics   2002.0 
purge those merge problems : realistic solutions for accurate and more complete matching of inexact j palermo proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group international & hellip ;    
isrn kth/na/p -- 99/14 -- se m rosbacke   t lindeberg   pe roland  1999.0 
deadlock resolution and semantic lock models in object-oriented distributed systems portal.acm.org   
h. pylori eradication therapy vs. antisecretory non-eradication therapy ( with or without long-term jp gisbert   s khorrami   f carballo   x calvet   e cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies ma nascimento acm sigmod record   2003.0 
data bubbles : quality preserving performance boosting for hierarchical clustering acm sigmod mm breunig   hp kriegel   p krã ¶ ger   j sander santa barbara   california    
policy-enabled mechanisms for feature interactions : reality   expectations   challenges p dini   a clemm   t gray   fj lin   l logrippo   s computer networks   2004.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents in in-patient pediatrics ji singer   gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
data allocation in distributed systems p apers acm trans . database systems    
robotic planetary exploration by sun-synchronous navigation d wettergreen   b shamah   p tompkins   w whittaker   
statistical analysis of variance-time plots used to estimate parameters of a long-range dependent wa rosenkrantz   j horowitz submitted for publication   february    
theuseofinsolublepolymersupportsingeneralorganic synthesis cc leznoff acc . chem . res    
contribution in studying harmful thysanoptera in glasshouse cultivations pn deligeorgidis  1997.0 
using tools to compose systems d garlan   ge kaiser   d notkin ieee computer    
worms that wo n't let go m dlunginski pc magazine    
vic 2 : a flexible framework for packet video smcm vetterli proc . of acm multimedia    
mapping insurance transaction streams b subirana   p carvajal electronic markets   1998.0 
2.0 programmerâ ?? s reference and data access sdk m db  1998.0 
year 2000 woes may blindside desktop apps a jacobs computerworld    
lipid peroxidation damage to cell components al tappel fed proc   1973.0 
reverse synthesis compilation for architectural research m ganapathi   j hennessy   v sarkar   
catch-up growth in children with successful renal transplants immunosuppressed with cyclosporin jf knight   lp roy   agr sheil lancet i   1985.0 
herpes virus-induced athe rosclerosis in chickens â ? ¦  1983.0 
rare earthsâ ?? 93 processing and utilisation workshop papers australian mineral foundation   adelaide am stewart isbn    
nist electron elastic-scattering cross-section database   version 2.0 ( srd 64 ) . us department of a jablonski   cj powell md    
ontological feedback in multiagent systems rj beun   rm van eijk   h prust   
the sum-product and max-product algorithms for graph partitions pj cowans  2004.0 
a unified hw/sw interface model to remove discontinuities between hw and sw design a bouchhima   x chen   f pã © trot   wo cesã ¡ rio   aa proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
next generation structure of management information for the internet j schoenwaelder   f strauss lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
pull for data broadcast   '' swarup acharya   michael franklin   and stan zdonik . acm sigmod intl b push conference on management of data . may    
b. 1986 . a formal view integration method j bjskup   a convent proceedings of the acm sigmod conference . acm   new  
an empirical study of software reuse vs. reliability and stability p mohagheghi   r conradi   om killi   h schwarz proc . of the 26th int . conf . on softw .  
hidac camera design for positron emission tomography jc hand   
coauthors   1998 : final report nfp31 : operational use of radar for precipitation measurements in j joss   
academic press nf optics   gp agrawal inc.   san  
sync : a system for mobile collaborative applications j munson   p dewan   
abstracts of invited industrial track presentations z ives proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2003.0 
what qos research hasnt understood about risk b teitelbaum   s shalunov   
incremental evaluation and its relationship to parallelism o wolfson   h dewan   s stolfo   y yemini proceedings of the acm-sigmod 1991 international conference & hellip ;    
modelling of cloud and radiation in the echam model e roeckner   m rieland   e keup procs . ecmwf/wcrp workshop on â ?? clouds   radiative transfer & hellip ;    
joint ventures and the option to expand and acquire b kogut management science   1991.0 
la notion de dã © pense g bataille å?uvres complã ¨ tes i    
b. ( 2001 ) . ratio comparison : performance on ratio in similarity tesk j margarit   og figueras proceedings of the 25 conference of the international group  
low-fip to high-fip gamma-ray line ratio in an impulsive flare on 6 november   1997 m yoshimori   a shiozawa   k suga proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf    
timed intercourse versus intra-uterine insemination with or without ovarian hyperstimulation for bj cohlen   p vandekerckhove   er te velde   jd cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
carrier sense multiple access protocol for local area networks ss lam computer networks    
