the burden of infectious disease among inmates and releasees from correctional facilities tm hammett   p harmon   w rhodes see  
the role of faculty advising in science and engineering jr cogdell new directions for teaching and learning   1995.0    
mentoring undergraduate minority students : an overview   survey   and model program mc terrell   rk hassell 1994.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
measuring the light regime under vegetation . ca federer   1964.0 
genetic-algorithm programming environments jlr filho   pc treleaven   c alippi   
lisp . vr pratt 1977.0    
acquiring student feedback that improves instruction . 1987.0 hg murray new directions for teaching and learning    
jade : jabber-based authoring in distributed environments a roczniak   a el saddik proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
selectivity estimation in spatial databases   acm sigmod intl conference on management of data   s achaya   v poosala   s ramaswamy   
capitalistic mathematics vp maslov  manuscript  
knowledge of blindness adaptation techniques among rehabilitation undergraduate students mj hoover   2003.0 
high resolution infrared solar observations by balloon 1976.0 r zander & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;    
enforcing modeling guidelines in an ordbms-based uml repository n ritter   hp steiert    
2df mechanical engineering g smith   a lankshear  proc . spie   1998.0 
testability   1985 technology forecast b milne  electronic design    
the undergraduate curriculum and distance education . new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0 ge miller   
helping faculty to help their students learn . j katz new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
efficient algorithms for large-scale topology discovery b donnet   p raoult   t friedman   m crovella   
discrete subgroups of semisimple lie groups ga margulis 1991.0    
phylip : phylogenetic information package j felsenstein  university of washington   seattle    
the peter norton programmer 's guide to the ibm pc . p norton  1985.0 
the adabas buffer pool manager h schoning   
evolutionary algorithms v kvasnicka   j pospä ± chal   p tino  slovak technical university   bratislava    
predation and coloniality in seabirds proc . int . ornithol . congr   m gochfeld   
usability engineering process model t granollers   j lorã © s   f perdrix integration with software engineering : procs . of hci-intl    
freud   jung and hall   the king-maker . the expedition to america s rosenzweig 1992.0    
treatment of osteoarthritis with celecoxib   a cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor : a randomized controlled wg bensen   jj fiechtner   ji mcmillen   ww zhao   ss mayo clinic proceedings     1999.0 
object oriented techniques in information engineering 1992.0 kw short conference proceedings on data management 91 table of & hellip ;    
linear clustering of objects with multiple attributes hvj jag901 proceedings of acm sigmod   2001.0    
autosegmental phonology ja goldsmith   
corcus sativus nigella sativa km nadakarni   1976.0 
apj rm light   r lynds   ej oã?neil jr 1998.0    
a performance study of four index structures for set-valued attributes of low cardinality the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 s helmer   g moerkotte   
morphological diagnosis and heterogeneity . atlas of tumor pathology : tumors of the lower respiratory tv colby   mn koss   wd travis md    
the photoelectric effect phil . mag   ow richardson   kt compton   
biohydrometallurgy pr norris   dp kelly  proc int symp warwick    
international students publications and forms areas of study program administrators graduate faculty f assistance   
basic computer literacy skills expected of students by instructors at wisconsin indianhead technical rd pennings  2001.0 
ho nson   je schweitzer   and er warkentine   â ?? a dbms facility for handling structured engineering proc . 1989 acm engineering design j hr   
on the apparent visual forms of relativistically moving objects pm mathews   m lakshmanan i nuovo cimento     1972.0 
tc   metadata for multimedia documents sigmod record   special issue on metadata for digital media   kr bã?hm   
theory of dielectrical optical waveguides d marcuse academic   san diego    
administrative arm-twisting in the shadow of congressional delegations of authority 1997.0 l noah wisconsin law review    
discrete fairing proceedings of the seventh ima conference on the mathematics & hellip ;   l kobbelt  1997.0 
application of head-mounted display to radiotherapy treatment planning jc chung proceedings acm  
the state 's new role in facilities planning : maintain   alter   replace   and reallocate . ws fuller new directions for higher education   1980.0 
the internet : a learning environment r mcgreal  new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
history of the development of medical information systems at the laboratory of computer science at 1987.0 go barnett proceedings of acm conference on history of medical & hellip ;    
differential vector quantization of achromatic imagery rl baker   rm gray  proc . int . picture coding symp    
defining knowledge management : four basic functions computerworld   c frappaolo   
equi-depth histogramsforestimatingselectivityfactorsfor multidimensional queries m muralikrishna   dj dewitt proc . acm  
radiation hormesis td luckey  1991.0 
mission to planet earth/earth observing system reference handbook   nasa goddard space flight center   md   g asrar   r greenstone   
expiration and partially materialized views w labio   h garcia-molina technical report   stanford university   1997 . available at http : -  
endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography in gallstone-associated acute pancreatitis k ayub   r imada   j slavin cochrane database syst rev   2004.0    
perception   imagery   and science rn shepard  1999.0 
spatial and temporal variabilities of phytoplankton community structure in the northern north y obayashi   e tanoue   k suzuki   n handa   y nojiri deep-sea research i     2001.0 
semantic and schematic similarities between database objects : a context-based approach the vldb journal   v kashayp   a sheth   
undergraduate curriculum 2000 . a levine 1989.0  new directions for higher education    
semi-structured data extraction from heterogeneous sources x gao   l sterling   
kosower   e. m nr intermediates acc . chem . res      
scheduling data transfers in networks with pre-emption ha choi   sl hakimi proceedings of the 23rd allerton conference on communication    
shape & texture d ebert  proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 
measurement of the fission cross section ratios 223 th/235 u and 234 u/235 u in the neutron energy bi fursov   ey baranov   mp klemyshev   bf samylin   at .    
the ecommerce revolution bt technology journal   s steward   j callaghan   t rea  1999.0 
amoebic liver abscess op kapoor    
greedy iterative multiuser detection for turbo coded multiuser communications proc . int . conf . b vojcic   a alrustamani   a damnjanovic   
configurable processors for embedded computing n dutt   k choi   
let 's interface pc magazine   june   j salemi   
trainees ` attributes and attitudes : neglected influences on training effectiveness the academy of management review   1986.0 ra noe   
illumination and color in computer generated imagery r hall   1988.0 
mulvey   and perkins d danielâ ? ¦ phil . mag    
software-assisted cache replacement and prefetch pollution control p jain   s devadas   
four decades of service   1951-1991 mg smith    
under-ice hydrodynamics at tioga lake   pa ks lee   ra bank  water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
koniag prehistory dw clark  1968.0 
generalized adaptive estimation for econometric and financial models d steigerwald   
repellents reduce insecticidal kills of honeybees el atkins  proc . 28th int . congr . apic.   bucharest    
stabcol : graph isomorphism testing using the wl-algorithm l babel   s baumann   m ludecke   g tinhofer  technical university of munich    
formula milk versus term human milk for feeding preterm or low birth weight infants w mcguire   my anthony cochrane database syst rev     2001.0 
toward a descriptive stakeholder theory : an organizational life cycle approach im jawahar   gl mclaughlin 2001.0  academy of management review    
plan-per-tuple optimization solutionâ ?? parallel execution of user defined functions f carino   woâ ?? connell  proceedings of the vldb conf    
second-class academics : chicano/latino faculty in us universities new directions for teaching and learning   h garza  1993.0 
the kdb-tree a search structure for large multldlmenslonal dynamic indexes jt robmsonsla robinson proc acmsigmod   pp l & 18    
media gallery tvâ ?? view and shop your photos on interactive digital television s thieme   a scherp   m albrecht   s boll proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2005.0 
wavelet packet modelling of infant sleep state using heart rate data submitted for publication   1999.0 gp nason   t sapatinas   a sawczenko   
infoharness : a system for search and retrieval of heterogeneous information sigmod conference   l shklar   a sheth   v kashyap   s thatte  1995.0 
place and society in jane austenâ ?? s england geography   d herbert   
complexity of multiway cuts . e dahlhaus   ds johnson   ch papadimitriou   pd conf proc annu acm symp theory comput.   acm   new york   ny ( & hellip ;   1992.0    
supporting the construction and use of spatio-temporal domains in scientific databases tr smith   j su   mf worboys 1993.0    
andm . scholl . fromstructured documentstonovelquery facilities v christophides   s abiteboul   s cluet proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of    
bt trustwiseâ ?? enabling ecommerce through trust bt technology journal   1999.0 ba cross   
ecology of biological invasions of north america and hawaii 1986.0 ha mooney   ja drake   
vendors struggle with costs   benefits of shrinking cycle times d sims   
spec as a performance evaluation measure r giladi   n ahituv   
subunit-dependent assembly of inward-rectifier k ^ + channels e glowatzki   g fakler   u brandle   u rexhausen   hp 1995.0  proceedings : biological sciences    
heparin   low molecular weight heparin and physical methods for preventing deep vein thrombosis and hhg handoll   mj farrar   j mcbirnie   g tytherleigh - 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
marine invertebrates of the pacific northwest : univ en kozloff   1987.0 
synthesizing independent database schemas proc j biskup   u dayal   pa bernstein  acmsigmod int conf management of data   boston   mass   may    
a variable span smoother : stanford   california   laboratory for computational statistics   department 1984.0 jh friedman   
independent study   fieldwork   and peer teaching . pg friedman  new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
metabolic engineering of yeast zp cakar  2000.0 
cache-oblivious mesh layouts se yoon   p lindstrom   v pascucci   d manocha    
jc walton jm tedder  acc . chem . res    
teaching methods for medical education d ambrozy seattle : university of washington    
evaluation in israel : a conversation with arieh lewy a bank new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
you just do n't understand : women and men in conversation d tannen   
ordpaths : insert-friendly xml node labels poâ ?? neil   eoâ ?? neil   s pal   i cseri   g schaller    proc . sigmod conf   2004.0 
a heuristic real-time parallel scheduler based on task strucutures q long   v lesser technical report 95-92   university of massachusetts   amherst    
automatic synthesis of specifications from the dynamic observation of reactive programs b boigelot   p godefroid lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
a characterization of prolog execution ma friedman   1992.0 
l. ( 1976 ) suicide enzyme inactivators rh abeles   al maycock  acc . chem . res    
quilt : a collaborative tool for cooperative writing proc . acm sigois conference   m cohen   r fish   r kraut   m leland   
drift reduction in predictive video transmission using a distributed source coded side-channel proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 a majumdar   j wang   k ramchandran   
windows sockets m hillâ ? ¦   1996.0 
jr   and rg keesee aw castleman  acc . chem . res    
multi-dimensional selectivity estimation using compressed histogram information sigmod conference   1999.0 jh lee   dh kim   cw chung   
four years of the switched multi-megabit data service dj lewis   d mack-smith   bc poole bt technology journal   1998.0 
artop : an adaptive randomized total ordering protocol g chockler   n huleihel   d dolev  submitted for  
light scattering by small particles 1981.0 hc van de hulst   
cooperative transaction hierarchy : a transaction model to support design applications m nodine   s zdonik proc . of vldb    
multiway spatial joins n mamoulis   d papadias acm transactions on database systems   2001.0    
san francisco works : toward an employer-led approach to welfare reform and workforce development 2000.0 s bliss   
arid-zone ornithology in africa and south america gl maclean proc . int . orn . congr      
bigsur : a system for the management of earth science data 1995.0 p brown   m stonebraker & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ;    
ontc-arpa technology development group gk chungâ ? ¦  experimental demonstration of a reconfigurable wdm/atm/sonet & hellip ;    
non-newtonian mechanics   the mass of a moving body rc tolman phil . mag    
identification for long range predictive control ds shook   c mohtadi   sl shah iee proceedings d     1991.0 
andragogy and self-directed learning : pillars of adult learning theory sb merriam new directions for adult and continuing education     2001.0 
redefining firm boundaries in the face of the internet : are firms really shrinking ? academy of management review   a afuah  2003.0 
social capital   intellectual capital   and the organizational advantage j nahapiet   s ghoshal the academy of management review     1998.0 
optimierungsbasierte regelung eines integrierten reaktiven chromatographischen trennprozesses ( a toumi   s engell   
in acm sigmod int qrs estimation conf . on management of data   san  
report on the object-oriented database workshop   held in conjuction with oopsla '88 sigmod record   j joseph   s thatte   cw thompson   dl wells   
congressional samples for approximate answering of group-by queries sigmod conference   s acharya   pb gibbons   v poosala  2000.0 
wiesbaden : gabler 1 998 . 267 5 d von hubert hugo    
revision of the self-monitoring scale rd lennox   rn wolfe journal of personality and social psychology   1984.0    
roussoploulos . adaptiveselectivity estimation using query feedback cm chenandn proc . of the acm sigmod conference      
results of survey of use of ssadm in commercial and government sectors in united kingdom hm edwards   jb thompson   p smith 1989.0  information and software technology    
relevamiento de niveles de pesticidas agrãcolas en aguas y tejidos de peces en las grandes lagunas i final   r quirã ³ s area   2001.0 
routine anticonvulsants for treating cerebral malaria m meremikwu   ag marson 2002.0  cochrane database syst rev    
polar attributes of supercritical carbon dioxide . 2005.0 p raveendran   y ikushima   sl wallen acc . chem . res    
clustering objects on a spatial network ml yiu   n mamoulis 2004.0  proc . acm sigmod conf    
atmospheric infrared sounder ( airs ) on the earth observing system hh aumann   c miller 1995.0  proceedings of spie    
interventions for the treatment of burning mouth syndrome jm zakrzewska   am glenny   h forssell 2001.0  cochrane database syst rev    
efficient xml-to-sql query translation : where to add the intelligence ? r krishnamurthy   r kaushik   j naughton 2004.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
improved performance of database systems by buffer pool cache assignment h levy   tg messinger   rjt morris   
information : americaâ ?? s favorite investment p strassmann computerworld     1996.0 
dynamic fine-grained localization in ad-hoc networks of sensor networks ch savvides   m strivastava proceedings of acm mobicom      
eradication therapy for peptic ulcer disease in helicobacter pylori positive patients a ford   b delaney   d forman   p moayyedi cochrane database syst rev   2004.0    
analysis and simulation of dynamics in probabilistic p systems 2005.0 d besozzi   g mauri   d pescini   c zandron   
dissemination of dynamic data p deolasee   a katkar   a panchbudhe   k ramamritham   proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
novel whispering-gallery resonators for lasers   modulators   and sensors vs ilchenko   l maleki proc .    
speedier adcs pickup more bits and samples a bindra 1999.0    
a model for the software engineering component of a software engineering curriculum dj bagert information and software technology      
the light is polar b bank   m giusti   j heintz   lm pardo  unpublished manuscript    
antioxidant vitamin and mineral supplements for age-related macular degeneration jr evans  cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
a heuristic for domain independent planning and its use in an enforced hill-climbing algorithm j hoffmann 2000.0  lecture notes in computer science    
a query language for list-based complex objects ls colby   
routable technology mapping for lut fpgas n bhat   d hill    
location-based servicesâ ?? an overview of the standards pm adams   gwb ashwell   r baxter bt technology journal     2003.0 
location-based routing for vehicular ad-hoc networks h fuã?ler   m mauve   h hartenstein   m kasemann   d    
surfactant biodegradation . rd swisherâ ? ¦   
itasca distributed odbms proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   dk barry  1992.0 
sensitization and conditioningâ ?? honeybee behaviour and electrophysiology of mushroom body feedback b grã 1/4 newald learning and memory . proceedings of the 23rd gã ¶ ttingen & hellip ;    
steps towards cache-resident transaction processing s harizopoulos   a ailamaki proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0    
when good fit is bad : the dynamics of perceived fit mj davern    
intranets are exposing corporate networks to increased threat l didio computerworld    
improving design feedback equaliser performance using neural networks k raivio   o simula   j henriksson electronic letters   1991.0 
kompensationsflug bei der ordnung ephemeroptera bk russev  see ref    
primitive rebels ej hobsbawm   
repositories and object oriented databases 1998.0 pa bernstein sigmod record    
learning probabilistic relational models l getoorâ ? ¦ lecture notes in computer science   2000.0    
the implementation and performance of compressed databases . acms anthology  sigmod record   2000.0 
life-style monitoring for supported independence n edwards   n barnes   p garner   dad rose 2000.0  bt technology journal    
faculty responsibility for promoting conflict-free college classrooms new directions for teaching and learning   ja anderson  1999.0 
mediated voice communication via mobile ip c schmandt   j kim   k lee   g vallejo   m ackerman    
join synopses for approximate query answering s acharya   pb gibbons    
scale effects in liquefied-fuel-gas vapor dispersion ja fay   d ranck  1981.0 
the organization set : toward a theory of inter-organizational relations approaches to organizational design   wm evan   
peptides corresponding to t-cell receptor-hla contact regions inhibit class i-restricted immune c clayberger   sc lyu   p pouletty   am krensky  transplantation proceedings   1993.0 
class notes for course 6.574 r fano  technical report   massachusetts institute of technology    
verwendung geodã $ tischer abbildungen bei der geocodierung von satellitenbildern kc graf   1988.0 
index-frame audio transmission proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 jr parker   k chung   
maintaining temporal coherency of cooperating dynamic data repositories s shah   a bernard   v sharma   k ramamritham   p & hellip ; twenty-eighth international conference on very large data  
n   l. libkin   incremental maintenance of views with duplicates t gri proceedings of the acm-sigmod conference      
yuille 84 ] tomasopoggio   harry voorhees   and alan l. yuille . regularizing edge detection technical report aim { 776   artificial intelligence laboratory   p voorhees   
optimale modeilfolgesteuerung mit quadratischem gutekriterium   angewandt auf einen p pelczewski   u kunz  automatisierungstechnik ( at )    
foreign manufacturing investment in the united states : competitive strategies and international economic geography   e schoenberger  1985.0 
stability and stabilizability of discrete event dynamic systems cm ã?zveren   as willsky   pj antsaklis 1991.0  journal of the acm ( jacm )    
objectglobe : open distributed query processing services on the internet r braumandl   m keidl   a kemper   d kossmann   s    
expiring data in a warehouse h garcia-molina   w labio   j yang proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0    
yyj acc . chem . res   1971.0 u tietze   
home network . pc magazine   h bill   
managerial behavior and the bias in analystsâ ?? earnings forecasts unpublished manuscript   1998.0 l brown   
ograniczenie uzywania substancji psychoaktywnych i zwiazanych z tym szkã ³ d zdrowotnych j sieroslawski alkoholizm i narkomania      
the relational view : cooperative strategy and sources of interorganizational competitive advantage jh dyer   h singh the academy of management review   1998.0    
graphic modelling technique for software execution time estimation ra ammar   j wang   ha scholl  information and software technology   1992.0 
linear discrete volterra equations | discrete paley-wiener theorem and its generalization y song submitted for  
developmental processes of cooperative interorganizational relationships ps ring   ah van de ven the academy of management review   1994.0 
the cocoon object model mh schollâ ? ¦   
dbmss on a modern processor : â ?? where does all the time go?â ?? revisited m becker   n mancheril   s okamoto   
virtual private network bandwidth management with traffic prediction w cui   m bassiouni 2003.0  computer networks    
interaction-induced light scattering as a source of information on properties and interactions of oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 n meinander   gc tabisz   sm el-sheikh   
the theory of sound jws rayleigh 1945.0    
the kalpa-sutra w schubring   ms burgess 1910.0    
rainforest-a framework for fast decision tree construction of l datasets   
an introduction to high strength commercial waste . stuth co   inc. and aqua test wl stuth   c garrison inc. project . seattle   washington    
induced epizootics : protozoa wm brooks see ref      
case study : on-site management in willard   new mexico c van lenten national on-site demonstration program   national & hellip ;      
iterative algebras and postâ ?? s varieties . ( russian ) ai malâ ?? tsev algebra i logika    
64-channel wdm wavelength-selective receiver monolithically integrated on inp substrate proc . 28th eur . conf . on opt . n kikuchi   y shibata   h okamoto   y kawaguchi   s   
context-based prefetch for implementing objects on relations pa bernstein   s pal   d shutt  vldb   1999.0 
institutionalizing the seven principles and the faculty and institutional inventories . 1991.0 aw chickering new directions for teaching and learning    
cml : a higher-order concurrent programming language j reppy  proc . acm sigplan    
multidimensional paging for efficient data base querying th mzrrett proc . int . conf . data base management systems ( icmod 78 )   & hellip ;    
robust control design for discrete time linear uncertain systems with delayed control e gyurkovics    
direct observation of amorphous and crystalline regions in polymers by defocus imaging phil . mag   j petermann   h gleiter   
palimpsest : a data model for change oriented revision control proceedings of acm dg durand   
performance engineering of sdl/msc systems a mitschele-thiel   b mueller-clostermann computer networks     1999.0 
heteroscedastic one-way anova and lack-of-t test mg akritas   n papadatos 2001.0    
hollow sections survival storyâ ? p jenkins   r didsbury   j burford  bhp new zealand steel workplace new zealand demonstration & hellip ;    
optimization for physical independence in information integration components a deutsch   l popa   v tannen  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
improvement of a global ionospheric model to provide ionospheric range error corrections for single - 1996.0 a komjathy   r langley md    
energy-efficient indexing for wireless broadcast data yd chung   mh kim    
on the radiation of light from the boundaries of diffracting apertures s banerji phil . mag    
qcd : renormalization for the practitioner p pascual   r tarrach 1984.0    
san francisco works : toward an employer-led approach to welfare reform and workforce development . s bliss  2000.0 
theory of shuffling j reeds unpublished manuscript      
effects of urban spatial structure on individual behavior fe horton   dr reynolds economic geography   1971.0    
a note on the strategy of multiway join query optimization problems proceedings of sigmod int . conf . on management of data   kl tan   h lu   
the faculty role in administrator evaluation . ch farmer 1978.0  new directions for higher education    
one-pass wavelet synopses for maximum-error metrics p karras   n mamoulis proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0    
equi-depth histograms for estimating selectivity factors for multi-dimensional queries proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on mmdj dewitt   
fusarium-suppressive soils ta toussoun see ref    
modelling the semantics of multitasking facilities in concurrent c using petri nets a boujarwah   n al-seif   k saleh information and software technology   1996.0    
optimizing disjunctive queries with expensive predicates a kernper   g moerkotte   k peithnert   m steinbrunn   
culture   gender   and self : a perspective from individualism-collectivism research journal of personality and social psychology   y kashima   s yamaguchi   u kim   sc choiâ ? ¦  1995.0 
public key distribution in matrix rings r odoni   v varadharajan   r sanders  electronic letters    
application of benzimidazole fungicides for citrus decay control ge brown  proc . int . soc . citric    
software configuration management in an object oriented database m jordan   ml van de vanter    
me ethylene in plant biology . san diego : academic   fb abeles   pw morgan   j saltveit   
programming and control of kinematically redundant manipulators proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference on decision and & hellip ;   j baillieul   jm hollerbach   rw brockett   
an improved resolution procedure for paraconsistent logics lj henschen   jj lu   vs subrahmanian 1989.0    
virtual teams : a review of current literature and directions for future research a powell   g piccoli   b ives data base for advances in information systems   2004.0 
handling consultant feedback . 1991.0 j lindquist new directions for higher education    
thermodynamic theory of non-ideal detonation and failure wb brown   
the essence of chaos : university of washington press seattle   washington   en lorenz   
devolution and the territorial politics of foreign direct investment d mackinnon   na phelps   
semantic similarities between objects in multiple databases v kashyap   a sheth    
phonology of the modern greek koini m setatos  athens   greece    
m and phillips wa 1978 am stewart  phil . mag    
a comparison of compiler tiling algorithms lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 g rivera   cw tseng   
distinguishing theories of syntactic storage cost in sentence comprehension : evidence from japanese e gibson   k nakatani   e chen    
racial and gender differences in weight status and dietary practices among college students adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 rd debate   m topping   rg sargent   
lectin histochemistry of the mast cell : a light microscopical study cj kirkpatrick   cjp jones   rw stoddart the histochemical journal     1988.0 
subdirectly irreducible modes ka kearnes   
the return on quality investment . new directions for higher education   d seymour  1994.0 
the hennepin county medical centerâ ?? s womenâ ?? s advocacy programâ ?? sixteen years of service journal of emergency nursing   hc jackson  1992.0 
an agent oriented ontology of social reality g boella   l van der torre   
catastrophism & the old testament : the mars - earth conflicts dw patten   1988.0 
brainlink : a software tool supporting the development of an eeg-based brain-computer interface 2001.0 t felzer   b freisleben submitted for publication    
multimodal affect recognition in learning environments a kapoor   rw picard   
querying the le proceedings of the vldb conference   s abiteboul   s cluet   t milo   
social anxiety and social avoidance in children : the development of a self-report measure s franke   s hymel unpublished manuscript    
peptide t in treatment of aids l wetterberg   b alexius   j saaf   a sonnerborg   s lancet i     1987.0 
object oriented knowledge representation pm yelland bt technology journal   1993.0 
database management systems r ramakrishnan   j gehrke 2002.0    
internet commerce emerges : bank of montreal   workview systems build proprietary add-ons to packaged application development trends   r seeley  1997.0 
structured testing : a teting methodology using the mccabe complexity measure tj mccabe ieee computer    
hypercard opens an electronic window on glasgow . p baird 1988.0  electronic library    
evaluation of an ls-dyna3d model for deep drawing of aluminum sheet proceedings of fe-simulation of 3-d sheet metal forming & hellip ;   pc galbraith   mj finn   sr macewen   
jd the theory of joins in relational databases av aho   c beam   n ull acm trans . database syst    
the kdb-tree : a search structure for large multidimensional dynamic indexes jt robinson   1981.0 
small materialized aggregates : a light weight index structure g moerkotte very large data bases conference ( vldbâ ?? 98 )      
pathways for repair of topoisomerase i covalent complexes in saccharomyces cerevisiae jj pouliot   ca robertson   ha nash 2001.0  genes to cells    
sch ummer   j.   kirchner   l.   and haake   j. designing object-oriented synchronours groupware with proceedings of acm c schuckmann   
what the academic librarian wants from administrators and faculty . wa moffett new directions for higher education   1982.0    
predictive control with gaussian process models submitted for publication   j kocijan   r murray-smith   ce rasmussen   b likar  2003.0 
vi-4 countermobility tasks vi-9 gce vi-3 explosive ordnance disposal ace engineer    
a functional form of chungâ ?? s law of the iterated logarithm for maximum absolute partial sums m wichura unpublished manuscript    
extending the transaction model to capture more meaning m rusinkiewicz   ak elmagarmid   y leu sigmod record   1990.0    
reasoning about keys for xml lecture notes in computer science   p buneman   s davidson   w fan   c hara   wc tan  2002.0 
wear and read wear wc hill   jd hollan   d wroblewski   t mccandless proceedings of acm sigchi      
improved performance guarantees for bandwidth minimization heuristics u feige   r krauthgamer  unpublished manuscript    
neofields   lj paige   1947.0 
a new method for the random generation of context sensitive compiler test programs msc thesis   computer science department   auckland university ( nj sanders   
a scorm-compliant content repository management system for teachers at primary & secondary school jt yang   cy tsai proceedings of icalt2003 . athens : greece      
psychotherapy for bulimia nervosa and binging cochrane database syst rev   pj hay   j bacaltchuk  2001.0 
estimation of social value from willingness-to-pay data dl mc fadden unpublished manuscript      
packet classification using multidimensional cutting f baboescu   g varghese proc . acm sigcomm    
cooperative transaction hierarchies : transaction support for design applications the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   mh nodine   sb zdonik  1992.0 
multi-phase redistribution : a communication-efficient approach to array redistribution submitted for sd kaushik   ch huang   j ramanujam   p sadayappan   
blocking of mechanosensitivity in hydrozoan nematocytes by a monoclonal antibody proceedings of the 23rd gã ¶ ttingen neurobiology conference . & hellip ;   p lawonn   r golz   u thurm   
fine-grained sharing in page server database systems m carey   m franklin   m zaharioudakis  proc . acm sigmod conf    
efficient support of delay and rate guarantees l georgiadis   r guerin   v peris   r rajan  acm sigcomm    
substrate interactions with the nitrogenase active site . acc . chem . res   2005.0 pc dos santos   ry igarashi   hi lee   bm hoffman   lc   
sediment acoustics rd stollâ ? ¦ 1989.0    
a classifier for semi-structured documents j yi   n sundaresan   
model reduction of large scale systems with application to a pulp digester pa wisnewski   fj doyle iii  proceedings of d > cops    
opportunistic garbage collection acm sigplan notices   pr wilson  1988.0 
a relational database design in support of standard medical terminology in multi-domain knowledge f naeymi-rad   l carmony   d trace   c georgakis   mh  proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1988.0 
grading cooperative projects 1998.0 ka smith new directions for teaching and learning    
three-layer wirability of planar layouts t gonzalez   sq zheng   1986.0 
improved masking algorithm chaotic communications systems 1996.0   me zaghloul   
eb   1961 phil . mag   dw pashley   aeb presland   
improving junior faculty scholarship dk jarvis new directions for teaching and learning   1992.0 
micropattern formation in supported lipid bilayers acc . chem . res   jt groves   sg boxer   
architecture of snomed . its contribution to medical language processing ra cã ´ tã © orthner   helmuth d. ( herausgeber ) : proceedings of the tenth    
â ?? the kdb tree : a search structure for large multidimensional dynamic indexes 11.0 jtr rob811 proceedings of the 1981 acm-sigmod conference   april    
hydrodynamics of helium ii cc lin  proc . int . sch phys . course xxi    
dmv disaster computerworld   js bozman   
ands . pink . smallforwardingtablesforfastrouting lookups m degermark   a brodnik   s carlsson proceedings of acm  
monitoring woodland gap dynamics using high resolution imagery : but when is a gap not a gap s koukoulas   ga blackburn proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the remote & hellip ;      
stability margins of diagonally perturbed multivariable feedback systems mg safonov 1982.0  iee proceedings    
the diffraction of x-rays by an age-hardening alloy of alluminum and copper : the structure of an gd preston  phil . mag    
query optimization for codasyl database systems u dayal   n goodman    
comprehenstion syntax p buneman   l libkin   d suciu   v tannen   l wong acm sigmod record    
optical packet switching with multiple path routing g castanon   l tancevski   l tamil 2000.0  computer networks    
a hierarchical a posteriori error estimate for nonlinear incompressible elasticity in the plane r araya   p le tallec   ep stephan submitted for  
mining association rules from semi-structured data k maruyama   k uehara icdcs workshop of knowledge discovery and data mining in the & hellip ;   2000.0 
join graphs and acyclic database schemes k chase vldb   1981.0    
universal finiteness and satisfiability is mumick   o shmueli   
leave none left to tell the story ( genocide in rwanda-the planning and execution of mass murder ) 1999.0 hr watch   
â ?? econometric estimation of policy foresight : taxes and investment in the us university of california   santa barbara   unpublished   d steigerwald   c stuart   
reopening of facilitiesâ ?? submitted for c opening   
investigation of the suppression of the narrow channel effect in deep sub-micron extigate a burenkov   k tietzel   j lorenz   h ryssel   u  proc . 29th eur . solid-state device research conf . ( essderc )    
performance analysis of a relational data base management system p hawthorn   m stonebraker proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
ecologãa de cebus apella see ref   ad brown   oj colillas   
interventions for trichomoniasis in pregnancy 2002.0 am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev    
apts reference manual r paige  1993.0 
ise integrated system engineering iset manual zurich   switzerland    
overview of the media in russia   1994 j wishnevsky  unpublished  
design of robotic discrete minimum energy regulator & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1991.0 y bestaoui   
self-regulation of mood : strategies for changing a bad mood   raising energy   and reducing tension re thayer   jr newman   tm mcclain 1994.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
gold : genetic oriented life span study in differential development fe weinert  unpublished manuscript    
updating xml . acm intl conference on management of data ( sigmod )   i tatarinov   zg ives   a halevy   d weld   
light-sensitive optical fibres and planar waveguides 1993.0 r kashyap bt technology journal    
transaction restarts in prolog database systems s acharya   gn buckley    
interaction of morphology and syntax in american sign language   doctoral dissertation   univ. of ca padden san diego      
m. and segall   rl ( 1965 ) mh loretto   lm clarebrough phil . mag      
integration of spatial join algorithms for joining multiple inputs proc . sigmod intl. conf . on management of data   1999.0 n mamoulis   d papadias   
atemporally oriented datamodel g aiuav acm trans . database syst      
cognitive learning strategies and college teaching ce weinstein   dk meyer new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0    
query processing in the schemaless and semistructured context s cluet   g moerkotte unpublished manuscript      
matos ( 1987 ) . extending relational algebra and relational calculus with set-valued attributes and g ozsoyoglu   zm ozsoyoglu  journal of acm transaction on database  
directional wavelet transform via parabolic scaling : i. resolution of the wavefront set ej candes   dl donoho technical report   stanford university      
sedimentology and stratigraphy of the miocene zia sand of new mexico : geological society of america ce gawne  part i    
experience in building a cooperative distributed organization : lessons for cooperative buildings g fitzpatrick   s kaplan   s parsowith lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
autecology of young-of-the-year brook trout ( salvelinus fontinalis ) in the emerald lake system ( cr soiseth  1992.0 
bayesian denoising of visual images in the wavelet domain 1999.0 ep simoncelli lecture notes in statistics-new york-springer verlag -    
application of radar for detecting radioactive emissions from nuclear power plants at . ap elokhin   en kononov   
keys for xml . p buneman   sb davidson   w fan   cs hara   wc tan computer networks   2002.0    
a mixed approach toward an efficient logical structure recognition from document images t hu   r ingold   
constrained iterative restoration algorithms rw schafer   rm mersereau   ma richards  ieee   proceedings   1981.0 
an extensible compressor for xml data h liefke   d suciu 2000.0  sigmod record    
infoharness : use ofautomatically generated metadata for search and retrieval ofheterogeneous l shkiar   a sheth   v kashyap   k shah    
tell me a good story : using narrative analysis to examine information requirements interviews during r alvarez   j urla 2002.0  acm sigmis database    
paper tigers : a model of the asian currency crisis g corsetti   p pesenti   n roubin   1998.0 
everquest : a medium evaluated ( undergraduate term paper for communication 480 ) l veckaktins seattle : university of washington      
page 419 in physics computing 1992   de groot ra and nadrchal j.   eds . ( world scientific   singapore k nagel j. phys . i france    
a delay-tolerant network architecture for challenged internets k fall   
faculty as a force to improve instruction through assessment . new directions for teaching and learning   g loacker  1988.0 
an extensible database system for spatio-temporal queries c chen   h wang   c zaniolo submitted for publication    
a conceptual model for understanding the physical attributes of learning environments . rd fulton new directions for adult and continuing education     1991.0 
thrombolysis for acute deep vein thrombosis li watson   mp armon cochrane database syst rev     2004.0 
fine-grained control of security capabilities 2004.0 d boneh   x ding   g tsudik acm transactions on internet technology    
managing rule conflicts in an active database hv jagadish   ao mendelzon   is mumick proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod sigart symposium on & hellip ;   1996.0 
the implementation and performance of compressed databases twd kossmann    
bank re-engineers to fight mexican inflation t hoffman  computerworld    
disjunctive queries in object bases a kemper   g moerkotte   k peithner   m steinbrunn proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data      
robust model predictive control 2002.0 y wang   
the encyclopedia of higher education ( four volumes ) b clark   g neave isbn    
implications of pocket optimization on analog performance in deep sub-micron cmos rfm roes   a van brandenburg   ah montree   ph proc . 29th eur . solid-state device research conf    
a characterization of de bruijn digraphs y wu   r jia   q li    
the other america : teens in prison gb stewart san diego : lucent    
analysis of handoff in a location-aware vertical multi-access network m ylianttila   j mã $ kelã $   k pahlavan computer networks   2005.0 
discrete orthonormal sequences 1965.0 pw broome journal of the acm ( jacm )    
hill   and da wood . dbmss on a modern processor : where does time go in ag adhw   dj ailamaki   md dewitt  proceedings of the international conference on very large  
the geography of employment in the cultural industries : toward a cross national comparison ( uk and ac pratt  annual conference of the american association of geographers & hellip ;    
emergency department compression ultrasound to diagnose proximal deep vein thrombosis bw frazee   er snoey   a levitt 2001.0  journal of emergency medicine    
rehabilitation for distal radial fractures in adults cochrane database syst rev   hh handoll   r madhok   te howe  2002.0 
tracking join and self-join sizes in limited storage proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst   1999.0 n alon   pb gibbons   y matias   m szegedy   
hybrid dynamic data race detection   jd choi    
role-based security   object oriented databases and separation of duty m nyanchama   s osborn acm sigmod record     1993.0 
optimizing boolean expressions in object-bases a kemper   g moerkotte   m steinbrunn    
ieee microwave theory tech.   mtt-s digest   baltimore mw pospieszalski   ew wollack md      
â ?? a passion for excellenceâ ?? t peter    
on spontaneous fission of leadâ ?? search for very far transuranium elements gn flerov   vp perelygin  at . energ    
incremental maintenance of views with duplicates   '' in \ \ proceedings of acm-sigmod international t griffin   l libkin san jose   ca   may      
imagine your telco is your bank   but a bank it ai n't a arbussã ¡ electronic payment      
spatio-temporal development of the diffuse barrier discharge in nitrogen proc . 26th int . conf . on phenomena in ionized gases ( & hellip ;   2003.0 r brandenburg   va maiorov   b golubovskii yu   he   
the essence of chaos en lorentz university of washington   seattle      
objectglobe : ubiquitous query processing on the internet 2001.0 r braumandl   m keidl   a kemper   d kossmann   a the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;    
a multi-agent policy-gradient approach to network routing n tao   j baxter   l weaver   
shuffle on trajectories : the schã 1/4 tzenberger product and related operations t harju   a mateescu   a salomaa  proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on & hellip ;   1998.0 
j. a normal form for abstract syntax proc . int . conf . on very large data bases   west berlin   smi smith   
p.   r.   morris   jh : flexible diff-ing in a collabortive writing system procs . acm 1992 conference on computer supported cooperative & hellip ;   cm neuwirth   k chandhok   e sd   
a dbms prototype to surt extended nf2-relations : an integrated view on fiat tables and hierarchies p dadam   k kuspert   f anderson   h blanken   r erbe   proc . of a cm/sigmod      
materials science and engineering m grujicic   g cao   s batchu    
the theory of inoeulum ae dimond   jg horsfall see ref      
studieson loxothylacustexanus jg ragan   ba matherne   1974.0 
on the theory of optimal income taxation e sheshinski unpublished manuscript      
â ?? sim : a database system based on semantic model . d jagannathan   rl guck   bl fritchman   jp thompson   proceedings of sigmod international conference on management  
diagnosis of asynchronous discrete event systems : datalog to the rescue ! s abiteboul   z abrams   s haar   t milo    
fast computation of sparse databases algorithms for materialized view design in data warehousing j yang   kk karlapalem   q li proc . 23rd vldb conf.   athens   greece      
effectiveness of virtual learning environments in basic skills business education : a field study in r ahmad   g piccoli   b ives    
reproductive effort decreases antibody responsiveness c deerenberg   v arpanius   s daan   n bos   
rainforestâ ?? a framework for fast decision tree construction of large datasets j gehrke   r ramakrishnan   v ganti data mining and knowledge discovery   2000.0 
software effort estimation terminology : the tower of babel s grimstad   m jã ¸ rgensen   k molã ¸ kken-ã ? stvold 2005.0  information and software technology    
cross-validation and the bootstrap : estimating the error rate of a prediction rule . dept. of b efron   r tibshirani 1995.0    
a variable span smoother . dept jh friedman   1984.0 
data management for earth system science j frew   j dozier 1997.0  sigmod record    
kenaf newsprint : realizing commercialization of a new crop after four decades of research and de kugler & hellip ; report on the kenaf demonstration project   washington dc      
bibliothek nr . 7721 ru von hans-gert roloff   
revenue management games : horizontal and vertical competition s netessine   ra shumsky management  
simple linear work suffix array construction lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 j karkkainen   p sanders   
pool boiling heat transfer from single tubes to new refrigerants   proceedings of xviiith proc int congr refrig   1991.0 d gorenflo   p sokol   s caplanis   
depot and sex-specific difference in human leptin mrna expression : implications for the control of ct montague   jb prins   l sanders   je digby   so ' diabetes-new york -   1997.0    
nature   lond . 168   271 jm bijvoet   af peerdeman   aj van bommel bosnict-i   b. ( 1969 ) â ? cents acc . chem . res    
thesociologicalimagination cw mills   1959.0 
convertir la informaciã ³ n en sabidurãa b gates 1999.0    
mdbs : a modeling and database system to support research in the earth sciences tr smith    
faculty involvement in institutional budgeting j dimond new directions for higher education   1991.0    
wittet en info @ childrensvaccine . org   o por correo al programa de vacunaciã ³ n infantil en path   s puede comunicar con el sr seattle      
exploring the use of bittorrent as the basis for a large trace repository a bellissimo   bn levine   p shenoy   
iterative learning control method for discrete-time dynamic systems & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1991.0 dh hwang   z bien   sr oh   
psychological studies of doctor-patient communication contributions to medical psychology   p ley  1977.0 
birds of north america 2001.0 f alsop   
investigation of laser treatment : the laser cylinder q zheng   j li   y yang   z li & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry   proceedings   25 th & hellip ;   1992.0    
the gadfly : an approach to architectural-level system comprehension k wallnau   p clements   e morris   r krut  proceedings of the 4th international workshop on program & hellip ;   1996.0 
the importance of individual inputs on assessing gss value : an interdisciplinary approach for a massey   d clapper proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1994.0    
live structure and motion estimation d nister demonstration   cvpr    
join graph and database schemes proc 7th int . conf . on g chase   
locomotion analysis of hyper redundant systems proc . of 28th sice symposium on control theory   h yamauchi   m fukaya   m saito   t iwasaki   
a mixed linear and non-linear logic : proofs   terms and models n benton lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
meningeal involvement in wegener granulomatosis u specks   kg moder   tj mcdonaldâ ? ¦ 2000.0  mayo clinic proceedings    
theory of probabilistic databases c roger proc . of the 13th vldb conference    
development of differentially driven inpipe inspection robot for underground gas pipelines sg roh   sm ryew   hr choi   
estimation of illumination for color correction hj trussell   mj vrhel    
using the structure of web sites for automatic segmentation of tables . to appear in k lerman   l getoor   s minton   ca knoblock proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data      
reconnecting bits and atoms bt technology journal   2001.0 g cosier   s whittaker   
predictive perceptual compression for real time video communication 2004.0 o komogortsev   j khan proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
democracy in america a tocqueville   
a 1.35 gbps decision feedback equalizing receiver for the sstl sdram interface with 2x over-sampling ys sohn   sj bae   hj park   
the quantum theory of measurement p busch   pj lahti   p mittelstaedt   1991.0 
genres of digital documents introduction to the special issue of information   technology & people bh kwaå?nik   k crowston   
using archaeology to explore cultures of north america through time social studies and the young learner   ms black  1998.0 
efficient view maintenance in xml data warehouses h liefke   sb davidson   
non structure theory s shelah to    
resources for developing senior faculty as teachers rk seal new directions for teaching and learning     1993.0 
a generation transformation scheme for consistency maintenance in real-time cooperative editing cz sun   x jia   y zhang   y yang proceedings of international acm siggroup conference on & hellip ;   1997.0    
simulated virtual market place by using voiscape communication medium y kanada proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
using artificial intelligence to solve problems in software quality management software quality management-international conference -   cj burgess   
senior certiã?cates ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? 66 u agreementã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? annex i      
a.   and roberts   ew   1939 phil . mag   ea owen   
applied xml programming for microsoft . net d esposito  2002.0 
distinguishing the picture captions on the world wide web ( poster ) proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 nc rowe   b frew   
compensation for the effect of the communication channel in auditory-like analysis of speech ( rasta - h hermansky   n morgan   a bayya   p kohn proc . eurospeech    
computer-aided methodology engineering m heym   h osterle 1993.0  information and software technology    
computing in america : electronic learning 's sixth annual survey of the states f reinhold electronic learning   1986.0 
forthcoming rh leech excavations  
hmso bp london    
the rhet system jf allen acm sigart bulletin     1991.0 
rationality and self-interest in peer to peer networks lecture notes in computer science   j shneidman   dc parkes  2003.0 
exposing the mythical mips year rd silverman    
human emotions ce izard  1977.0 
hamiltonian methods in the theory of solitons ld faddeev   la takhtajan  1987.0 
conformal field theory p di francesco   p mathieu   1996.0 
the nuclear shell model klg heyde   1990.0 
heuristic development eases strains d leavitt   
instructional technology and the faculty member mj albright   dl graf new directions for teaching and learning     1992.0 
umformtechnik k grã ¶ ning    
a longitudinal test of the investment model : the development ( and deterioration ) of satisfaction and journal of personality and social psychology   ce rusbult   
on the measurement of synoptic-scale vertical velocities by st/mst radars gd nastrom   ks gage  conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;   1984.0 
sources of stress for emergency nurses in four urban canadian emergency departments 1992.0 mp hawley   
distributed component object model protocol-dcom/1 .0   january 1998 n brown   c kindel   
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension vl ldegpwww   p dadam   r erbe   j guenauer   p pistor proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
fast cross-validation for high-breakdown resampling algorithms for pca   2004 m hubert   s engelen    
concentration contours in grain boundary diffusion rtp whipple phil . mag    
establishing management objectives acm sigmod record   1981.0 rl nolan   
a theory of work-hardening of metal crystals nf mott phil . mag    
morgan kaufmann publishers ca diego    
a chlorination-atomic spectrometry method for the analysis of precious metal samples jc van loon   ms szeto   ww howson   i levin at . spectrosc.     1984.0 
seamless mobility across ip networks using mobile ip . ma sanmateu   f paint   l morand   s tessier   p  computer networks   2002.0 
cooperative modeling in applied geographic research g alonso   a el abbadi   1994.0 
use of benzodiazepines for chest pain : a new indication for an old drug ? jd kirk   ea amsterdam journal of emergency medicine   2003.0 
wavelet synopses with error guarantees mn garofalakis   pb gibbons   
integrating device independence and user profiles on the web bt technology journal   2005.0 t glover   j davies   
seven mile boots-implications of an everyday interface m pichlmair  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
on the excentricityof the earthâ ?? s orbit   and its physical relations to the glacial epoch j croll phil . mag      
atoms in strong light fields nb delone   vp krainov   1985.0 
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension . sigmod 84   boston ma   june 1984 sigmod record   v lum   p dadam   r erbe   j guenauer   p pistor   g   
determinants of faculty pay : an agency theory perspective lr gomez-mejia   db balkin the academy of management journal   1992.0    
stratafrac ; user documentation : linking discrete fracture networks to geocellular grids   version 1.0 w dershowitzâ ? ¦ golder assocs.   seattle   washington    
assessing pay discrimination using national data dj treiman   hi hartmann   pa roos  see remick    
quantifying internal attributes of functional programs r harrison  information and software technology   1993.0 
the piazza peer data management system ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 ay halevy   zg ives   j madhavan   p mork   d suciu   i   
variety and productivity in faculty careers . new directions for higher education   rg baldwin  1983.0 
instruction selection using binate covering for code size optimization proceedings of the 1995 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 s liao   s devadas   k keutzer   s tjiang   
reference   maintenance & user 's guide for the knee ligament arthrometer md daniel san diego : medmetric      
object-oriented software engineeringâ ?? a use case driven approach addison-wesley   1992 i jacobson   m christerson   p jonsson   
human physiology : the mechanisms of body function ( 8âª ed . )   new york   mc graw hill 2001.0 a vander   j sherman   d luciano   
evaluating faculty development programs new directions for higher education   jf wergin  1977.0 
kungl . svenska vetensk . akad . handl.   p. 327 ( 1852 ) ; poggendorff annalen 94   141 ( 1855 ) aj ã?ngstrã ¶ m phil . mag      
jd ullman system/ua database system based on the universal relation assumption hfk kkfgui   gm kuper   j felgenbaum   a van gelder acm tods    
adaptive background estimation and foreground detection using kalman-filtering c ridder   o munkelt   h kirchner   
implementing a generalized access path structure for a relational database system t haerder acm transactions on database systems   1978.0 
a fast algorithm for training support vector machines j platt technical report   microsoft research      
singular convolution integrals with operator-valued kernels t hytonen   l weis   
a multi-agent system to support location-based group decision making in mobile teams bt technology journal   2003.0 h lee   ma buckland   jw shepherdson   
bin packing with discrete item sizes   part ii : average case behaviour of first fit eg coman   ds johnson   pw shor   rr weber unpublished manuscript      
towards a cooperative activity model-the coopertive activity model m rusinkiewicz   w klas   t tesch   j wasch   p muth proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;      
the chronicle data model procs . of the acm symp . on principles of database systems   hv jagadish   is mumick   a silberschatz   
toward logical data independence : a relational query language without relations d maier   d rozenshtein   sc salveter   j stein   ds   
temporal inferences in medical texts kk obermeier proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ;   1985.0 
stability of discrete linear inclusions-part ii l gurvits   1997.0 
spruce-fir forests of eastern north america ps white   cv cogbill ecological studies   1992.0 
the piazza peer data mgt project i tatarinovâ ? ¦ sigmod rec    
does coping help cm aldwin   ta revenson  journal of personality and social psychology    
new and junior faculty stress : research and responses . md sorcinelli 1992.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
screening op colorectaal kanker in nederland : tijd om te starten . ( â ?? cocast-reportâ ?? ) instituut m van ballegooijen    
an empirical study of information technology outsourcing : benefits   risks   and performance l loh   n venkatraman proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1995.0 
a massive repository for the national medical knowledge bank wm sterling   
mmse detection of cdma signals u madhow   mi honig proc . int . symp . inform . theory      
soil microbiol . biochem ea paul   fe clark   1989.0 
energy loss of protons channelling through very thin gold es machlin   s petralia   a desalvo   r rosa   f phil mag   1970.0    
infoharness : use of automatically generated metadata for search and retrieval of heterogeneous l shklar   a sheth   v kashyap   k shah    
race   space   and place : the geography of economic development ag mcfarlane  san diego law review   1999.0 
fast mars . dept jh friedman  1993.0 
forging the ties that bind : peer mentoring part-time faculty bj millis 1994.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
code churn : a measure for estimating the impact of code change sg elbaum   jc munson    
trypanocidal drugs for chronic asymptomatic trypanosoma cruzi infection cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 jc villar   ja marin-neto   s ebrahim   s yusuf   
languages for collection types v tannen proc . of the 13th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . on & hellip ;   1993.0    
md 1979 stephen g. osofsky gc thrall  md    
the average norm of polynomials of fixed height p borwein   ks choi to  
adolescents ` parent and peer relationships t field   m diego   c sanders adolescence-san diego -     2002.0 
the federal investment in minority-serving institutions new directions for higher education   1998.0 tr wolanin   
experimentelle und numerische untersuchungen von tropfendispergiervorgã $ ngen in komplexen laminaren sfm kaufmann phd thesis   eth zurich   switzerland      
design of a backend processor for a data base machine f bancilhon   m scholl proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1980.0 
computer-supported cooperative work : its history and participation ieee computer   j grudin   
internet use by vocational education teachers in idaho proceedings of the 25 thannual national agricultural & hellip ;   jc thompson   jj connors   
equi-depth histograms for estimating selectivity factors for multi-dimensional queries sigmod conference   m muralikrishna   dj dewitt   
low power error control for wireless links c fragouli   p lettieri   m srivastava proc . 3rd acm/ieee mobicom  
selectivity estimation of complex spatial queries n mamoulis   d papadias   
ecophysiology of the postfire regeneration in aleppo pine ( pinus halepensis ) forests 1996.0 en daskalakou   
the choices before us : an administrator 's perspective on faculty staffing and student learning in new directions for higher education   2003.0 gw reichard   
dã?couverte scientifique en ã?lectronique de puissance : un algorithme de gã?nã?ration utilisant les proceedings of confã?rence b robisson   jg ganascia   
a calixarene with four peptide loops : an antibody mimic for recognition of protein surfaces * ea chung   tk venkatachalam   aw czarnik acc . chem . res     1991.0 
extending relational algebra and relational calculus with set-valued attributes and aggregate a functions acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 
electronic payment systems pa putland   j hill   d tsapikidis  bt technology journal   1997.0 
acquisition method of ground control points for high-resolution satellite imagery t kadota   m takagi    
rethinking the conference reviewing process mj franklin   j widom   a ailamaki   pa bernstein   d & hellip ; of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0    
the polynomial complexity class with active membranes mj perez-jimenez   a romero-jimenez   f sancho -    
measuring endogamy ak romney see ref      
updating xml i tatarnov   zg ives   ay halevy   ds wed proceedings of sigmodâ ?? 01      
inside window nt 1993.0 h custer   
data management facilities of an operating system kernel h diel   g kreissig   n lenz   m scheible   b schoener acm sigmod record     1984.0 
nonlinear adaptive torque-ripple cancellation for step motors d chen   b paden    
august 1998 . expiring data in a warehouse h garcia-molina   wj labio   j yang & hellip ; 24th intl. conference on very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 98 ) (    
bayesian network model for semi-structured document classification information processing and management   2004.0 l denoyer   p gallinari   
auto-tuned spline synopses for database statistics management ac konig   g weikum    
a deductive and object-oriented database system : why and how ? l vieille proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1993.0 
asr-bird observation program at german airports dmw ruhe   
a 1966 ieee trans g farral electronic    
theory of serializablity for a parallel model of transactions r krishnamurthy   u dayal proceedings of the 1st acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;     1982.0 
students ' attitudes toward the responsibilities and barriers in doctoral study rc kluever  new directions for higher education   1997.0 
prospective students m our faculty    
the four levers of corporate change pl brill   r worth  1997.0 
mate choice   male quality   and carotenoid-based plumage coloration ge hill proc int ornithol congr   1999.0    
radioimmunoassay relat . proced d rodbard   pj munson   a delean med.   proc . int . symp      
adult learning theory and the pursuit of adult degrees new directions for adult and continuing education   r kiely   lr sandmann   j truluck  2004.0 
rebasing win32 dlls : the whole story . rr asche   
conceptual database modeling skill acquisition : impact of cooperative versus individual learning b bordoloi   sd ryan   
approach for generic audio segmentation and annotation tzccjk heuristic proc . acm    
lisalearning jm carroll   sa mazur   
faculty leaves . dg marker new directions for higher education     1983.0 
agricultural experimentation : design and analysis tm little   fj hills  1978.0 
polap : a fast wavelet-based technique for progressive evaluation of olap queries rr schmidt   c shahabi   
towards an object oriented databaseâ ?? a relational view c miguens conference proceedings on data management 91 table of & hellip ;   1992.0 
on database theory and xml sigmod record   2001.0 d suciu   
maintaining temporal coherency of cooperating dynamic data repositories ssabv sharma   krp shenoy   
vendors eye graphics standards . 1982.0 y zhu   t scannell computerworld.    
scholl.   m. ( 1994 ) : â ?? from structured documents to novel query facilitiesâ ?? v christophides   s abiteboul   s cluet proceedings of  
inelastic light scattering in rare earth compounds j vitins & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;   1976.0    
pulmonary pathology dh dail   sp hammar  1993.0 
metabolic engineering of pyruvate metabolism in lactococcus lactis cr melchiorsen technical university of denmark      
essa . image-basedmotion blur for stop motion animation gj brostow andi proceedings of acm siggraph    
interpolation of missing samples for audio restoration electronic letters   or jjk   wj fitzgerald   
database patchwork on the internet : project demo r braumandl   a kemper   d kossmann proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;      
an efficient coding algorithm for 3d video with spatio-temporal hvs model and binary correlator proc . int . workshop on c pei   cl lai   
the tunnel-emission amplifier proc . ire   ca mead   
a study of four index structures for set-valued attributes of low cardinality s helmer   g moerkotte    
a polygen model for heterogeneous database systems : the source tagging perspective yr wang   se madnick vldb   1990.0    
serviceorienterad arkitekturâ ?? en ã ¶ versikt s sundblad  2004.0 
prosody phrasing without syntax via part-ofspeech amalgamation a maghbouleh proceedings   esca workshop on intonation   athens   greece    
toward an ontology-enhanced information filtering agent sigmod record   km sim  2004.0 
sentence repetition as a measure of social dialect p desberg   g marsh   a stanley  western psychological association   seattle   washington    
rockville usp xxiii  md    
online assessment in undergraduate mathematics am santos   pa santos   fm dionä ± sio   p duarte  procs . 2nd international conference on the teaching of & hellip ;    
separating description and evaluation in the structure of personality attributes g saucier 1994.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
incremental exploratory visualization of relationships in large codebases for program comprehension v sinha   r miller   d karger    
fast probabilistic algorithms for hamiltonian circuits and matchings d angluin   lg valiant proceedings of the ninth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;   1977.0    
expected mistake bounds for on-linelearning algorithms d haussler   n littlestone   mk warmuth unpublished manuscript      
proactive and reactive multi-dimensional histogram maintenance for selectivity estimation z he   bs lee   xs wang   
e. . simon.   towards dbmss for supporting new applications s abiteboul   m scholl   g gardarin & hellip ; conference on very large data bases   kyoto    
on collision of o-particles with light atoms iv . an anomalous effect in nitrogen phil . mag   e rutherford   
rofecoxib for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 s garner   d fidan   r frankish   m judd   t towheed     
sexuality   multiple sclerosis   and women fw foley   a sanders ms management      
digital light processing tm for high-brightness   high-resolution applications lj hornbeck    
ischemia reperfusion injury and chronic allograft rejection transplantation proceedings   a szabo   u heemann  1998.0 
topical ointment for preventing infection in preterm infants jm conner   rf soll   wh edwards cochrane database syst rev     2004.0 
adaptive push-pull of dynamic web data : better resiliency   scalability and coherency p deolasee   a katkar   a panchbudhe   k ramamritham      
tests of branch splitting and branch-splitting independence in allais paradoxes submitted for mh birnbaum   
dutton   dean emeritus of the penn state university college of earth and mineral sciences t estimate was rendered by john   
human resource systems and sustained competitive advantage : a competency-based perspective aa lado   mc wilson 1994.0  the academy of management review    
microfabrication by femtosecond laser irradiation h misawa   hb sun   s juodkazis   m watanabe   s proc . spie   2000.0 
fine-grained sharing in a page server dbms m carey   m franklin   m zaharioudakis proc . of acm  
elementary number theory in a discrete mathematics class : the rsa cryptosystem at delta   sj sugden   
the national medical knowledge bank w sterling proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
optimization of boolean expressions in object bases a kemper   g moerkotte   m steinbrunn proc . int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )    
ande & hellip ;   â ?? in proc . acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   m carey   m franklin   m livny   
processor allocation strategies for multiprocessor database machines 1981.0 h boral   dj dewitt acm transactions on database systems    
territorial competition and locational advantage in the london region ir gordon american association of geographers annual conference   & hellip ;    
efficient portability across memory hierarchies g bilardi   e peserico unpublished manuscript      
surface interface anal mp seach   wa dench   1979.0 
questions of controllability and observability for nonuniformly sampled discrete systems a fuster   jm guillen   
helping and voice extra-role behaviors : evidence of construct and predictive validity the academy of management journal   lv dyne   ja lepine  1998.0 
design for test of megabit drams proc . intâ ?? l test conl   r krausâ ? ¦   
mussel aquaculture in puget sound d skidmore   kk chew 1985.0    
integrated placement/routing in sliced layouts aa szepieniec  proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
probabilistic information theory new f jelinek   
bigsur : a system for the management of earth science data m stonebraker   p brown proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     1995.0 
the adabas buffer pool manager h schijning    
bad for business p gillin   
fuzzy multiple attribute decision making sj chen   cl hwangâ ? ¦   1992.0 
using multiple models for therapy planning in dynamic environments o arnold  1993.0 
outcomes in the treatment of work-related carpal tunnel syndrome . tj craven  seattle   washington    
interconnection networks using shuffles py chen   dh lawrie   da padua   pc yew  ieee computer    
role and place of gas-cooled reactors in the structure of nuclear power production ai kiryushin   nn ponomarev-stepnoi   es glushkovâ ? ¦ at .    
the xml typechecking problem sigmod record   2002.0 d suciu   
satish 2772 thatte g kakivaya   a layman   hf nielsen    
connecting on the net j hill   j ozer   t mace pc magazine    
vaporware tactics elicit mixed views computerworld   sj johnston   
the enlightenment   an interpretation ; the rise of modern paganism . 1966.0 p gay   
interactive visualization of earth and space science computations wl hibbard   be paul   da santek    
corticosteroids for hellp syndrome in pregnancy p matchaba   j moodley 2004.0  cochrane database syst rev    
smoothing the wavelet periodogram using the haar-fisz transform p fryzlewicz   gp nason submitted for publication    
from data independence to knowledge independence : an on-going story l vieille proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0    
the specific heat of graphi below 90 k ' u bergenlid   rw hill   fj webb   j wilks  phil . mag    
rupture of ectopic pregnancy after medical therapy with methotrexate : a case series journal of emergency medicine   k heard   j kendall   j abbott  1998.0 
modeling a software engineering project management system rh thayer   
using guided imagery in the emergency department journal of emergency nursing   1998.0 cw hatler   
an extensible compressor for xml data . sigmod record   2000.0 acms anthology   
learning probabilistic models of relational structure l getoor   n friedman   d koller   b taskar    
the implementation and performance of compressed databases . 1998 t westmann   d kossmann   s helmer   g moerkotte submitted for  
the role of syntactic tree structure in the construction of subject-verb agreement g vigliocco   j nicol unpublished manuscript    
on-line view maintenance d quass   j widom  acm sigmod conference    
theory of elasticity s timoshenko   jn goodier    
controller design of multivariable variable structure systems with nonlinear switching surfaces ds lee   mg kim   hk kim    
a target logical schema : the acs . pm stocker   r cantie    
assessment theory for college classrooms sm brookhart new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
geometric structures in systems theory pe crouch iee proceedings   part d - control theory and applications   1981.0 
mitgcm release 1 manual a adcroft   jm campin   p heimbach   c hill   j 2002.0    
sandia national laboratories sciiiu manual  san diego   ca    
international emergency medical services : assessment of developing prehospital systems abroad1 journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 mj vanrooyen   tl thomas   kj clem   
exposing undergraduate students to database system internals a ailamaki   j hellerstein sigmod record   2003.0    
dynamic end-to-end guarantees in the spring environment   '' m dinatale   ja stankovic technical report   94   university of massachusetts at amherst      
interpolation of deflection of the vertical ... * paper of tdk m takã ¡ tsy technical university   budapest      
molecular support for vicariance as a source of diversity in rainforest 1995.0 l joseph   c moritz   a hugall proceedings : biological sciences    
selectivity estimation in spatial databases s achaya   v poosala   s ramaswamy proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data    
on the existence of active molecules in organic and inorganic bodies r brown phil . mag    
congressional government w wilson   
getting where you want to go with objects application development trends   t mcdonough  1999.0 
medical ultrasound transducers and beamforming s holm    
in vivo aspects of nitric oxide ( no ) chemistry : does peroxynitrite ( _ oono ) play a major role in jm fukoto   lj ignarro  acc . chem . res    
spidaâ ?? a novel data analysis tool d nauck   m spott   b azvine bt technology journal   2003.0    
in : the human nervous system aj beitz   1990.0 
discrete differential-geometry operators for triangulated meshes m meyer   m desbrun   p schrã ¶ der   ah barr  2002.0 
electromagnetic waves tj bromwich phil . mag    
finding usability problems through heuristic evaluation . chi '92 j nielsen  proceedings acm press    
bridging the gap between olap and sql jp dittrich   d kossmann   a kreutz proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;     2005.0 
the scattering of light and other electromagnetic radiation academic m kerker new york    
tests of significance : theory and method in research on self-esteem & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa barbara   tj scheff   dj fearon   
grid-partition index : a hybrid ap-proach to nearest-neighbor queries in wireless location-based b zheng   j xu   wc lee   dl lee  vldb journal    
a version of the teacher observation of classroom adaptation for use with preschoolers unpublished manuscript   c kam   m greenberg   
river-beach interactions on mixed sand and gravel coasts : a geomorphic model for water resource rm kirk applied geography      
maintaining coherency of dynamic data in cooperating repositories sskrp shenoy    
v. andabiteboul   s. cluet   and m. scholl . from structured documents to novel query facilities s christophides    
local publicity and local press in greece n demertzis athens : agricultural bank of greece    
trace element determinations in food and biological samples using icp-ms sa baker   dk bradshaw   nj miller-ihli at . spectrosc      
context-based prefetch-an optimization for implementing objects on relations pa bernstein   s pal   d shutt the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
an adaptive array in a spread-spectrum communication system rt compton ieee   proceedings   1978.0 
poly manual d matthews acm sigplan notices   1985.0    
dbmss on a modern processor : â ?? where does time go?â ?? revisited m becker   n mancheril   s okamoto   
ionization by moving electrified particles jj thomson  phil . mag    
selecting concise sets of samples for a reinforcement learning agent d ernst   
rural poverty in south africa s bekker   c cross   n bromberger   1992.0 
updates for structure indexes r kaushik   p bohannon   jf naughton   p shenoy  vldb   2002.0 
c4 . 5 : using error estimation for automatic parameter selection technical report   computer science department   stanford ghj cross-validated   
technology partnerships for faculty : case studies and lesson learned w anderson   s bonefas new directions for higher education   2002.0 
graduate education in engineering . new directions for higher education   ge dieter  1984.0 
anchored subjective quality assessment scale for still image coding n avadhanam   vr algazi  submitted for  
ultrashort light pulses : picosecond techniques and applications sl shapiro   dh auston   1977.0 
estimation of dependences based on empirical data vn vapnik  1982.0 
an adaptive query execution engine for data integration z ives   d florescu   m friedman   a levy   d weld  proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of data   1999.0 
ignition of catalytic reactions in a vertical immersed in a combustible gases c trevino   f mendez proc . 26th int . symp . on combustion      
an advanced power converter topology to significantly improve the co tolerance of the pem fuel cell w choi   
sir jagadis chandra bose : a biography for students b mitra   1982.0 
re fe r en ces j uliman acm transactions on database systems     1985.0 
updating xml   acm sigmod int conf . on management of data   i tatarinov   zg ives   ay halevy   ds weld   
locating data repositories using xml pd repositories   
mycenae-epidaurus   argos-tiryns-nauplion se iakovidis  1978.0 
method engineering : engineering of information systems development methods and tools s brinkkemper 1996.0  information and software technology    
changes in nuclear morphology during apoptosis correlate with vimentin cleavage by different genes to cells   1999.0 n morishima   
a genetic agent-based negotiation system spm choi   j liu   sp chan computer networks   2001.0 
optimal fault-tolerant atm-routings for biconnected graphs k wada   w chen   y luo   k kawaguchi proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ;   1997.0    
mexican bank finds crisis control t hoffman  computerworld    
an investigation of factors that influence the implementation of cooperative learning . jw bowe 2001.0    
multidimensional analyses and cost-revenue relationships . we vandament new directions for higher education     1993.0 
similarities and differences in coalition building among four communities developing drug and sm boles   1994.0 
the piazza peer data management project sigmod record   2003.0 i tatarinovâ ? ¦   
ussa-universal syntax and semantics analyzer b burshteyn acm sigplan notices   1992.0    
la trame de lâ ?? ã © vidence c rosental sociologie de la dã © monstration en logique    
the rise and fall of world cities in the changing space-economy of globalization : comment on peter j m douglass political geography     2000.0 
why do bad moods increase self-defeating behavior ? emotion   risk taking   and self-regulation kp leith   rf baumeister  journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
research at altair p richard acm sigmod record   1991.0    
the prolog phenomenon d mcdermott acm sigart bulletin   1980.0 
amnioinfusion for meconium-stained liquor in labour gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev   2002.0    
the effect of bank debt on optimal capital structure sa johnson financial management   1998.0 
ergodic theory ip cornfeld   sv fomin   yg sinai 1982.0    
technology in america : education c wood  pc magazine    
vertical partitioning algorithms for database design n shamkantâ ? ¦ acm transactions on database systems      
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization d quass   a gupta   i mumick   j widom acm sigmod   may      
screw dislocations   etch figures   and holes fh horn  phil . mag    
models for studying concurrency control performance : alternatives and implications proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1985.0 r agrawal   mj carey   m livny   
theory of orientation and stereoselection k fukui   1970.0 
database management systems on a multi-computer computer m sinutko sigmod record   1977.0    
wavelet synopses with error guarantees g minos   bg phillip  proceedings of acm sigmodâ ?? 2002    
strategies for faculty development . wj hynes 1984.0  new directions for higher education    
fault-tolerance - the survival attribute of digital systems a avizienis ieee   proceedings   1978.0 
cardiac transplant atherosclerosis me billingham  transplant  
orientation programs for new faculty . ld fink 1992.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
educating the practitioner : strategies for focusing on the student in the undergraduate business new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 er melander   
m etais e. '' semantic modeling of object oriented databases . '' m bouzeghoub  proc .  
interpersonal consequences of overt self-criticism : a comparison with neutral and self-enhancing ta powers   dc zuroff journal of personality and social psychology    
the japanese version of the calgary depression scale for schizophrenics ( jcdss ) 2000.0 y kaneda   t ohmori   d addington no to shinkei    
collision probabilities of planet/satellite systems with planetesimals and evolution of the mass r morishima   s watanabe proc . 29th isas lunar planet . symp    
modern produktionsteknik del 1 ( fã ¶ rsta uppl . ) stockholm : liber ab l hã ¥ geryd   s bjã ¶ rklund   m lenner   1999.0 
cytotoxicity in murine neocortical cell culture methods in toxicology   1992.0 k rose   mp goldberg   dw choi   
problembaserad inlã $ rning : en beskrivning av ideologi och pedagogisk referensram c silã © n   s normann   i sandã © n hã $ lsouniv . i  
vã $ rnamoverketâ ?? en demonstrationsanlã $ ggning fã ¶ r el-och vã $ rmeproduktion ur biobrã $ nsle   baserad the vã $ rnamo plantâ ?? a demonstration plant for electricity & hellip ;   ab sydkraft   
a model and toolset for the uniform tagging of encoded documents ja barnes   sa mamrak   
an extended attribute grammar for pascal acm sigplan notices   da watt  1979.0 
the sibling bond sp bank   md kahn    
the self-esteem motive in social influence : agreement with valued majorities and disagreement with gj pool   w wood   k lack  journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
an observation unit in a pediatric emergency department : one children 's hospital 's experience k leduc   s haley-andrews   m rannie journal of emergency nursing   2002.0 
can quality survive amidst adversity ? 1998.0 wp burgess software quality management-international conference -    
cooperative learning strategies . 1990.0 b barnes   go ` farrell social studies and the young learner    
female delinquents : defining their place in the justice system wisconsin law review   1996.0 ab poulin   
homotopy lie algebras   lower central series   and the koszul property   preprint ( 2001 )   available at s papadima   ai suciu    
topicos avanzados en bases de datos ch larrain  sigmod record   2000.0 
asbestos : medical and legal aspects db castleman    
energy conservation in operation and maintenance of facilities . c crittenden   t burnau  new directions for higher education   1981.0 
some theorems on generalized polars with a nonvanishing weight eyeusepia j n zaheer   aa khan  math . seminar univ. of athens   greece   to  
faculty senate rules committee 2003-04 annual report 2003.0 s emmons   
cell surface display of glycosylphosphatidylinositol lipids in mammalian cells 1999.0 na baumann   ca machamer   ak menon   j vidugiriene   
on the equivalence of the set covering and process network synthesis problems b imreh   j fulop   f friedler  submitted for  
the rasdaman approach to multidimensional database management p baumann   p furtado   r ritsch   n widmann   
astronom . and astrophys sk rosswogâ ? ¦    
research issues in spatio-temporal knowledge discovery t abraham   jf roddick  proc  
language features for interoperability of databases with schematic differences r krishnamurthy   w litwin   w kent proc . acmsigmod    
nocturnal mechanical ventilation for chronic hypoventilation in patients with neuromuscular and d annane   jc chevrolet   s chevret   jc raphael cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
the west and american ideals . fj turner  1914.0 
storhouse metanoia : new applications for database   storage & data warehousing f cariã ± o jr   p kostamaa   a kaufmann   j burgess proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2001.0 
class and race s mojab new directions for adult and continuing education     2005.0 
the delta coding algorithm : comparisons to chc   sga   genitor and hill climbing ke mathias   ld whitley submitted for    
the other side of the coin : crossnational similarities between social movements mg giugni mobilization-san diego -   1998.0    
icicles : selftuning samples for approximate query processing v ganti   ml lee   r ramakrishnan proceedings of vldb    
place/transition petri nets 1998.0 j desel   w reisig lecture notes in computer science    
the database and information system research group at the university of ulm p dadam   w klas sigmod record     1997.0 
adaptive selective estimation using query feedback cm chen   n roussopoulos & hellip ; of acm-sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;    
stellar magnetic fields sn udovichenko   gg valyavin   vg shtol  proc . int . conf    
musical atmospheric disturbances tl eckersley phil .  
gain : child care in a welfare employment initiative : california 's greater avenues for independence ( k martinson   ja riccio   1989.0 
the outsider : prejudice   group conflict and politics in modern italy pm sniderman   a schizzerotto   t piazza   p peri unpublished manuscript      
processing queries with quantifiers a horticultural approach proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1983.0 u dayal   
a database interface for files update . to appear : s abiteboul   s cluet   t milo  proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;    
draft flux and sources of nutrients in the mississippi-atchafalaya river basin . topic 3   gulf of da goolsby   wa battaglin   gb lawrence   rs artz   bt    
caim discretization algorithm la kurgan   kj cios ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0    
toward an â ?? interferenceâ ?? model of student learning in medicine   paper presented at the 7th jhf meyer   eg cleary 1997.0    
context-based adult learning ca hansman 2001.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
horizontal decomposition to improve a non-bcnf scheme al furtado  acm sigmod record   1981.0 
introducing xml/edi frameworks dr webber   
concluding comments : laptop learning communities dg brown 2005.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
a simpler iterative solution to the towers of hanoi problem acm sigplan notices   1984.0 wr franklin   
a simplified universal relauon assumption and its propertles r fagxn   ao meudelzon   jd ullman  acm trans . database syst    
the human lysyl oxidase-like gene maps between sts markers d15s215 and ghlc . gct7c09 on chromosome z szabã ³   e light   cd boyd   k csiszã ¡ r human genetics     1997.0 
pid autotuning algorithm based on relay feedback a leva   
integrating speech with keypad input for automatic entry of spelling and pronunciation of new words g chung   s seneff   
flexible connection rerouting for connection-oriented mobile communication networks m song   y choi   c kim computer    
towaxds a cooperative transaction model -- the cooperative activity model m rnsinkiewicz   w klasâ ? ¦ proc . int . conf . very large data bases   dayal u   gray p   & hellip ;    
interpolation of missing samples for audio restoration   wj fitzgerald electronic letters   1994.0    
syynx solutions : practical knowledge management in a medical environment proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   c herzog   g liuzzi   m diwersy  2005.0 
selectivity estimationinspatial databases s acharya   v poosala   s ramaswamy proc . acm sigmod      
interpersonal and intrapsychic adaptiveness of trait self-enhancement : a mixed blessing ? dl paulhus  journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
andg . moerkotte . evaluating queries withgeneralized pathexpressions proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of v christophides   s cluet   
database patchwork on the internet r braumandl   a kemper   d kossmann sigmod conference   1999.0    
the microsoft repository 1997.0 pa bernstein   b harry   p sanders vldb    
the shortest path from the surface to the nucleus : rbp-j t honjo 1996.0  genes to cells    
simulating ( log cn ) - wise independence in nc journal of the acm ( jacm )   b berger  1991.0 
expiring data from the warehouse w labio   h garcia-molina    
  s. ramaswamy   and t. suel . aqua : system and techniques for approximate query answering pb gibbons   v poosala   s acharya   y bartal  technical report   bell laboratories   murray hill   nj   feb. .  
the heuristic analysis of the diffusion h jaakkola   
instituting change in the faculty reward system . rm diamond new directions for higher education     1993.0 
on the updatability of relational views 1978.0 u dayal   pa bernstein vldb    
compiler heuristic design with machine learning m stephenson   s amarasinghe   um oâ ?? reilly   m  technical report tr-893   massachusetts institute of technology    
fast mars 1993.0 jh friedman   
consistency guarantees : exploiting application semantics in a collaborative toolkit proceedings of acm cscw   p dourish   
indexing spatio-temporal trajectories with chebyshev polynomials y cai   r ng  proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   2004.0 
automatic subject indexing using an associative neural network ym chung   wm pottenger   br schatz    
animatmn of faces fi parke m proc . 1972 acm annual  
attention and weight in person perception : the impact of negative and extreme behavior st fiske journal of personality and social psychology      
early light reduction for preventing retinopathy of prematurity in very low birth weight infants ( dl phelps   jl watts  cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
alkaloids fromnitrones jj tufariello  acc . chem . res    
an algebra for domain-independent array management in databases p baumann  submitted for publication    
theory of separative cascades with large enrichments at the separative element na kolokol ` tsov   ni laguntsov at . energ      
analysis of direct boundary-domain integral equations for a mixed bvp with variable coefficient   ii o chkadua   se mikhailov   d natroshvili  submitted for  
realm of the pygmy seahorse : an underwater photography adventure c petrinos 2001.0    
the incredible shrinking computer c babcock computerworld      
database patchwork on the internet ( project demo description ) proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data   r braumandl   a kemper   d kossmann   
cigarette smoke : stimulatory effect of metabolism of 3   4 -- benzpyrene by enzymes in rat lung . 1971.0 rm welch   a loh   ah conney life sci . [ i ]    
obstacle avoidance   a heuristic collision avoider for the stanford robot arm lc widdoes  1974.0 
effect of the operation of nuclear-powered submarines on the radioecological environment in the far va danilyan   vl vysotskii   yv sivintsevâ ? ¦ at .  
cooperative negotiation in concurrent engineering design   computer aided cooperative product proceedings of mit-jsme workshop . d. sriram   r. logcher   s. & hellip ;   kp sycara   
non-congestion packet loss detection for tcp error recovery using wireless links iee proceedings communications   nkg samaraweera  1999.0 
typechecking for xml transformers t milo   d suciu   v vianu    
confederate biography-ja pool   ( online )   '' ss johnson   
an efficient compressor for xml data proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod conference on management & hellip ;   h liefke   ds xmill   
repositories and object oriented databases . acms anthology sigmod record   1998.0    
graphoid properties of epistemic irrelevance and independence fg cozman   p walley unpublished manuscript   1999.0    
the aqua approximate query answering system . sigmod 1999 s acharya   pb gibbons   v poosala   s ramaswamy proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;      
management of multidimensional discrete data in database systems pasb furtado    
the effects of expiring coupons on decision making 2000.0 o amir   d ariely   
algal class abundances   estimated from chlorophyll and carotenoid pigments   in the western 2000.0 hw higgins   dj mackey deep-sea research i    
desire anddomestic fiction : a politicalhistory ofthe novel new n armstrong   
suicide intent scale : self-report form mm linehan & hellip ; inventory   university of washington   seattle   washington      
a model for active object oriented database . actes c beeri   t milo 17th international conference vldb   barcelona      
pharmacopoeial convention   rockville md   usp xxii   
developing facilitators for faculty learning communities new directions for teaching and learning   kl sandell   k wigley   a kovalchick  2004.0 
temperature field in deep disposal site for liquid radioactive wastes im kosareva   mk savushkina   mm arkhipovaâ ? ¦ at .  
faculty speak to advising j kelly 1995.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
le g.   and monceau   p.   1968 jg gilchrist  phil . mag    
lr   1923 tlr ayres phil . mag      
caoâ ?? s in de sector zorg en welzijn   februari 1998   æ ? 29   -- m beer   j ververs    
how far is distance learning from education ` in on the internet 2001.0 hl dreyfus   
create @ brown   a component repository for learning objects : a progress report j laleuf proceedings of acm jcdl 2001      
force feedback in shared virtual simulations p buttolo   r oboe   b hannaford   b mcneely 1996.0  proceedings micad    
creating networks through interinstitutional faculty collaboration sr marino new directions for higher education     2002.0 
fixed dose subcutaneous low molecular weight heparins versus adjusted dose unfractionated heparin cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 ag van den belt   mh prins   aw lensing   aa castro     
plasmid-encoded multiple antibiotic resistance in vibrio cholerae el tor from bangladesh ej threlfall   b rowe   i huq lancet i   1980.0    
feedback in the software evolution process mm lehman   
the influence of recall feedback in information retrieval on user satisfaction and user behavior ecm hoenkamp   hc van vugt   
lancelot ar conn   1992.0 
intracerebral grafts of neuronal cell suspensions p brundin   o isacson   fh gage   u stenevi   a see ref    
part of speech tagging and lemmatisation for the spoken dutch corpus fv eynde   j zavrel   w daelemans proceedings of lrec-2000â ??   athens   greece    
corticosteroids for treating severe sepsis and septic shock cochrane database syst rev   d annane   e bellissant   pe bollaert   j briegel   d  2004.0 
toward a model of venture capital investment decision making   rd hisrich    
repository systems engineering   tutorial pa bernstein proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;      
knowledge partitioning in outsourced software development : a field study a tiwana & hellip ; conference on information systems ( icis   seattle   washington & hellip ;   2003.0 
a multimediaenhanced cscw teleservice for wide area cooperative authoring of multimediadocuments 1994.0 h thimm acm sigois bulletin    
the faculty supervisor . tr baines new directions for higher education   1974.0 
contention over space and place mobilization-san diego -   2003.0 c tilly   
a simulation study of simultaneous vector prefetch performance in multiprocessor memory subsystems   '' ww hwu   tm conte proc . acm  
comparative studies of lithosphere flexure on earth and venus 2002.0 r mettier   
new histogram techniques for selectivity estimation x yu   awc fu   nt shatin   h kong   
relaxing the universal relation scheme assumption j stein   d maier proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0    
mude ( demonstration ) : a multimedia database engine for content-based retrieval jk wu   ad narasimhalu   yh ang   cp lam   hh loh   b 1994.0  proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;    
alasvegasalgorithmforlinearprogrammingwhenthedimensionissmall proc . 29th annu . ieee sympos . found . comput . sci   kl clarkson   
magnesium supplementation in pregnancy m makrides   ca crowther  cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
an efficient cost model for optimization of nearest neighbor search in low and medium dimensional y tao   j zhang   d papadias   n mamoulis ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering     2004.0 
discrete positive-real functions and their application to system stability l hitz   bdo anderson proc . iee      
programas de educaciã ³ n para la tolerancia y prevenciã ³ n de la violencia en los jã ³ venes tomo i   mj diaz-aguadoâ ? ¦   
graphicacy geography   wgv balchin   
remos : a portable object oriented environment for multiprocessor real time applications procs . of g carnevale   j panman   f riccardi   
supporting similarity queries in mars   '' yr michaelortega   sm kaushikchakrabarti   sh thomas  proc . of acm conf . on multimedia    
hollis   dp   fenselau   c.   lane md   rb guchhait   se polakis   
sett-net : a network for software engineering training and teaching k zdravkova   k bothe   z budimac   
a dynamic model for conceptual clustering in object-oriented databases proc . of vldb   q li   j smith   
a native schema-aware xml database solution u westermann   w klas    
user interactivity in very large scale data mining s wrobel   d wettschereck   ai verkamo   a siebes   h   
the microsoft repository   invited keynote address pa bernstein   b harry   pj sanders   d shutt   j  proceedings of the 23th intl. conf . on very large data bases & hellip ;    
from structured documents to novel query facilities s abiteboul   v christophides   s cluet   m scholl proc . 1994 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data      
path caching : a technique for optimal external searching s ramaswamy   
evaluating queries with generalized path expressions v christophides   s cluet   g moerkotte proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   1996.0 
schema mediation for large-scale semantic data sharing ay halevy   zg ives   d suciu   i tatarinov  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2005.0 
queue delay estimation and its application to tcp vegas k kim   ch choi computer networks   2003.0    
the us investment portfolio and the icapm h bohn   l tesar  1995.0 
design methodology management : a formal approach r baldwin   mj chung  ieee computer    
pocket pc joins the pda/phone parade b brown   m brown pc    
detour chromatic numbers m frick   f bullock 2001.0  discussiones mathematicae graph theory    
r. erbe   j. guenauer   v. lum   p. pistor   and g. walch . a dbms prototype to support extended nf 2 p dadam   k kuespert   f anderson   h blanken proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
error detection and recovery for syntax directed compiler systems rp leinius  1970.0 
nonserial dynamic programming 1972.0 u bertele   f brioschi   
ethnicity and ethnic relations in the modern west m heisler see montville      
saints   biographers and creole identity formation in colonial spanish america rj morgan  1998.0 
i trapezitiki politiki tis eok en opsi tou 1992 gs zavvos   1989.0 
case study : scanning michelangeloâ ?? s florentine pieta f bernardini   j mittleman   h rushmeier acm siggraph    
a proof of lotheâ ?? s theorem lm brown  phil . mag    
a multidimensional model of venture growth jr baum   ea locke   kg smith    
flux and sources of nutrients in the mississippi-atchafalaya river basin : topic 3 report for the da goolsby   wa battaglin   gb lawrence   rs artz   bt    
albumin infusion for low serum albumin in preterm newborn infants la jardine   s jenkins-manning   mw davies  cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
case study in human factors evaluation a whitefield   a sutcliffe 1992.0  information and software technology    
advancing faculty learning through interdisciplinary collaboration eg creamer   lr lattuca  new directions for teaching and learning . san francisco   ca :  
toward culturally sensitive theories of culture change al wilkins   wg dyer jr  the academy of management review   1988.0 
microsoftâ ® project/visual basic reference 1996.0 mw zimmerman   j bloch   
pleural diseases 3rd ed.   129-153 williams & wilkins baltimore md   rw light   
ethylene in plant biology . 2 nded.â ?? academic press san diego   fb abeles   pw morgan   me saltveit jr   
sacramental imagery in two stories by isak dinesen wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 a gossman   
imagery   context availability   contextual constraint   and abstractness k wiemer-hastings   j krug   x xu    
average predictive effects for models with nonlinearity   interactions   and variance components unpublished manuscript   2003.0 a gelman   i pardoe   
idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis : current concepts jh ryu   tv colby   te hartman mayo clinic proceedings     1998.0 
c.   1950 rc faust phil . mag    
case study of electronic banking at meridian bancorp rd banker   rj kauffman   
a project effort estimation study n ohlsson   c wohlin   b regnell   
cognitive representations of light - vs. dark-skinned blacks : structure   content   and use of the kb maddox 1998.0    
biological properties of spinosad bl bret   ll larson   jr schoonover   tc sparks   gd down to earth    
cml : a higher concurrent language jh reppy 1991.0  acm sigplan notices    
a novel von willebrand disease-causing mutation ( arg273trp ) in the von willebrand factor propeptide 2000.0 s allen   am abuzenadah   j hinks   jl blagg   t blood-new york -    
algorithmsfordeferred view maintenance ls colby   t griffin   l libkin   is mumick   h  proc . of the acm sigmod  
distributed systems acm s mullenderâ ? ¦   
faculty development yesterday   today   and tomorrow . jg gaff   do justice 1978.0  new directions for higher education    
the microsoft repository b harry   p sanders   pa bernstein   d shutt   j    
dam-break induced bank erosion : exploratory investigation and perspectives proc . 29th iahr congress   s soares frazã # o   m poncin   v paquier   b spinewine   
the role of the chairperson in support of junior faculty . dw wheeler new directions for teaching and learning     1992.0 
a design methodology for object oriented database c cauvet   c roland   c proix international conference on management of data   hyderabad   & hellip ;    
cooperative object buffer management in the advanced information prototype k kã 1/4 spert   p dadam   j gã 1/4 nauer  proc .  
semantic and schematic similarities between database objects : a context-based approach v kashyap   a sheth the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;     1996.0 
reliability evaluation in distributed computing environments using the ahp 2001.0 hma fahmy computer networks    
the promise of sociocultural theory in democratizing adult education new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 mv alfred   
the theory of matrices fr gantmacher   
tracking periodic inputs using sampled compensators gf ledwich   
feedback stabilization of plasma instability plasma thrusters v prisniakov   a kapulkin  proc . 26th int . electric propulsion conf.   rep.  
some properties of a novel far uv xenon excimer barrier discharge light source 1995.0 k stockwald   m neiger contributions to plasma physics    
expiring data from the warehouse . 1997 stanford university : wj labio   h garcia-molina   
cathexis reader j schiffâ ? ¦  new york    
innovative models of learning environments w dittoe  new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
a homotopy theory for stacks   electronic preprint arxiv : math s hollander    
performance engineering as an integral part of system design c harvey bt technology journal    
van : 1973   begrip en inzicht   muusses   purmerend dpm hiele    
a variable span smoother   department of statistics j friedman  1984.0 
wavelet synopses for general error metrics m garofalakis   a kumar    
an adaptive query execution system for data integration sigmod conference   1999.0 zg ives   d florescu   m friedman   a levy   ds weld   
efficient production of hydrogen from higher hydrocarbons using novel membrane reformer z chen   s elnashaie & hellip ; world hydrogen energy conference   montreal   canada   june      
asme detc2000/mech 14145   baltimore bj choi   s johnson   sv sreenivasan   m colburn   t  md    
jf naughton   and da schneider . practical selectivity estimation through adaptive sampling proc   of acm sigmod con &   rj lipton   
robustness of covariance controllers m corless   g zhu   re skeleton  proc . 28th ieee conf . decision contr    
espnet : expert-system-based simulator of petri nets j duggan   j browne  & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1988.0 
molecular engineering of octupolar nlo molecules and materials based on bipyridyl metal complexes . o maury   h le bozec acc . chem . res   2005.0    
distribution issues in the design and implementation of a virtual market place h yigal   f christian computer networks      
assessing faculty learning communities new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 h hubball   a clarke   al beach   
inequality   productivity and child labor : theory and evidence ca rogers   ka swinnerton unpublished manuscript   2001.0 
causation and effectuation : toward a theoretical shift from economic inevitability to sd sarasvathy  academy of management review   2001.0 
information extraction from symbolically compressed images procs . ds lee   jj hull   
building competitive advantage by extending information systems m sullivan-trainor computerworld    
state constitutions : the shopping mall cases bc williamson   ja friedman  wisconsin law review   1998.0 
site of erythropoietin formation a kurtz   ku eckardt   r neumann   b kaissling   m le contributions to nephrology   1989.0    
query processing in a system for distributed databases ( sdd-1 ) acm trans . database syst   n goodman   pa bernstein   e wong   cl reeve   jb   
deformable-mirror spatial light modulators lj hornbeck  proc . spie   1990.0 
elastic compression stockings for prevention of deep vein thrombosis cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 sv amarigiri   ta lees   
note on the theory of permutations a cayley phil . mag    
strict concurrency and nondeterministic control of discrete event systems y li    
slam updates require constant time s thrun   d koller   z ghahmarani   h durrant-whyte submitted for publication   2002.0    
effects of high-voltage electrostatic field on growth in plants y jia-ming  proc . int . conf . modern  
a new proof of completeness of s4 with respect to the real line   2001 g bezhanishvili   m gehrke    
cooperative extension as community education developer . new directions for adult and continuing education   dw price  1990.0 
numerical simulation of 2 d blade vortex interaction using moving overset grids european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 c benoit   
distributed entertainment environment bt technology journal   1997.0 sj powers   mr hinds   j morphett   
achievement goals   self-regulated learning   and the role of classroom context as hagen   ce weinstein new directions for teaching and learning   1995.0    
immune suppression of mycoplasma hyopneumoniae infected swine proc mj wannemueller proc . int . organ .    
special issue : metadata for digital media w klas   a sheth sigmod record      
cooperativity theory in biochemistry : steady-state and equilibrium systems 1985.0 tl hill   
the propagation of radio waves over a finitely conducting spherical earth b van der pol   h bremmer phil . mag      
special issue { directions for future database research and development w kim  acm sigmod record   december    
balneotherapy for rheumatoid arthritis ap verhagen   sm bierma-zeinstra   jr cardoso   ra de 2004.0  cochrane database syst rev    
conferencing software : letâ ?? s interface j salemi pc magazine    
exh . 48 [ 408-509 ] and 49 [ 510-512 ]   respectively 2730.0 dm ka002730   
technology in support of faculty learning communities n vaughan new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0    
interconnected automata and linear systems : a theoretical framework in discrete time ed sontag lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
ecology and conservation biology of a large rainforest skink ( egernia major   scincidae ) a klingenbã ¶ ck   k osterwalder   1999.0 
construction firms builds on tech prowess l horwitt  computerworld    
efficient query reformulation in peer data management systems proc . of sigmod   i tatarinov   a halevy  2004.0 
c   b. kingsbury   j. beck   d. johnson   and n. morgan . spert-ii : a vector microprocessor system j wawrzynek   k asanovi  ieee computer    
implications for fostering excellence . pg friedman   rc jenkins-friedman new directions for teaching and learning     1986.0 
intravenous indomethacin for preventing mortality and morbidity in very low birth weight infants pw fowlie 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
nucleic acids res pk weckâ ? ¦   
light transmission through an ultrasonic beam in a homogeneous isotropic dielectric radiotekhnika i elektronika   1975.0 ge zilberman   lf kupchenko   
business - an end-user oriented application development language sigmod record   1981.0 pb miller   s tetelbaum   kn webb   
defects obtained by al $ sup + $ ion bombardment of polycrystalline aluminium samples . phil . mag   1972.0 mo ruault   b jouffrey   p joyes   
part-time faculty : why should we care ? 2003.0 mm nutting new directions for higher education    
using assessment as a basis for the articulation of transfer students . new directions for higher education   1992.0 jl ratcliff   
the multidimensional database system rasdaman p baumann   a dehmel   p furtado   r ritsch   n    
adaptive dissemination of data in real-time asymmetric communication environments technical report   computer science dept.   university of j fernanadez   k ramamritham   
optimization of the tractive performance of four-wheel-drive tractors : theoretical analysis and jy wong   nb mclaughlin   z knezevic   s burtt proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   1998.0 
the scholarship of teaching and its implementation in faculty development and graduate education 2001.0 c kreber new directions for teaching and learning    
concurrency control performance modeling : alternatives and implications . acm trans . database syst . r araival   mj carey   m livny acm trans . database syst      
personal communication . study on file with fda   rockville k reali  md    
difference equations re mickens    
distributed database management 1978.0 jb rothnie vldb    
biochemical tests ibr the identification of medical bacteria . williams and witkins   baltimore jf mcfaddin md    
at acm symp . theory of computing e bernstein   u vazirani  1993.0 
institutional improvement and motivated faculty : a case study dw farmer new directions for teaching and learning     1999.0 
the coalescent . stoch jfc kingman proc . appl      
high-pressure homogeniser valve mechanics . chemecaâ ?? 95 ar kleinig   bh ide   apj middelberg  proceedings of the 23rd australian chemical engineering & hellip ;    
improved fast correlation attacks using parity-check equations of weight 4 and 5 a canteaut   m trabbia lecture notes in computer science   2000.0    
congruence primes for cusp forms of weight kâ ? ¥ 2 f diamond to  
detection of moving objects using a robust displacement estimation including a statistical error proc . int . conf . pattern recognition   m hã ¶ tter   r mester   m meyer   
zellweger   automatedtemporal layoutmechanisms m buchanan andp proceedings of acm    
random field models in earth sciences : academic press g christakos san diego   ca    
collaborative intelligence-agents over the internet b porter   s rangaswamy   s shalabi undergraduate final year project   mit laboratory of computer  
seva : sensor-enhanced video annotation 2005.0 x liu   m corner   p shenoy proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
the powder metallurgy of rare earth -- cobalt permanent magnets cv sundaram   ts krishnan powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ]   bombay   india & hellip ;   1980.0    
xml programming   fã ¶ rlag : r wyke allen  2002.0 
early versus late discontinuation of oxygen in preterm or low birth weight infants cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 lm askie   dj henderson-smart   
seattle system frees courts from paper chase . js bozman 1991.0  computerworld.    
automatic detection of mesocyclonic shear test results ds zrnic   dw burgess   y gal-chen 1984.0  conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland    
algebraic versus probabilstic independence in data bases f bancilhon   n spyratos  proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
potential water quality and production benefits from reduced herbicide inputs through banding jl baker   ts colvin   dc erbach   rs kanwar  & hellip ;   integrated farm management demonstration program   ifm-16   & hellip ;    
automatic optimization of high gain antenna arrays s lindenmeier   p russer proc . int . conf . microtechnologies      
views in a large scale xml database v aguilera   s cluet   t milo   d vodislav   p veltri vldb journal      
hatâ ® eld md linnik   rh zobrist md      
a generalized access path model and its application to a relational data base system cr carlson   rs kaplan    
adaptive estimation of bioactivities in the activated sludge process & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1990.0 s marsili-libelli   
l1 norm support vector machines j zhu   s rosset   t hastie   r tibshirani technical report   stanford university    
ddb : an object oriented design data manager for vlsi cad .   rm arlein   cy lo   
disconjugacy 1971.0 wa coppel   
model reference adaptive control for large scale systems with application to power systems h yousef   m simaan    
investigations on gaba b receptor-mediated autoinhibition of gaba release pa baumann   p wicki   c stierlin   pc waldmeier naunyn-schmiedeberg &#39; s archives of pharmacology   1990.0    
a spatial and temporal model of foreign direct investment in the united states s bagchi-sen   jo wheeler economic geography   1989.0    
fire ant allergy . ct stafford 1992.0  allergy procs    
an adaptive query processing system for data integration z ives   d florescu   m friedman   a levy   d weld proc . acm sigmod    
analysis of predictive spatio-temporal queries y tao   j sun   d papadias acm transactions on database systems   2003.0 
ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã ?   ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ?   ã ? ã?ã?ã ?   ã ? ã?ã ?   sigmod record   2004.0 
the ideal-self : schematic processing of perfectionistic content in dysphoric university students pl hewitt   m genest 1990.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
expiring data in a warehouse hg molina   wj labio   j yang proc . 24th vldb    
does information technology lead to smaller firms ? e brynjolfsson   tw malone   v gurbaxani   a kambil management science     1994.0 
the impact of branching heuristics in propositional satisfiability algorithms j marques-silva  lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
toward a new era of leadership : the national identification program . d shavlik   j touchton new directions for higher education     1983.0 
undergraduate research at two-year colleges ja perez  new directions for teaching and learning   2003.0 
insecticide resistance in fleas proc . int . symp . ectoparasites pets   mk rust   
green assessment of multi-product based on concordance analysis ys yang   hw li   j tong proceedings of 2001 international conference on management  
remote assessment of ocean color for interpretation of satellite visible imagery : a review hr gordon   ay morel 1983.0    
llperformance prediction of scalable computing : a case study   â ?? xh sun   j zhu  proc . of the 28th hawaii international conference on system & hellip ;    
e-learning evangelists computerworld   lj goff   
attribute agreement yc tay proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1989.0    
fty720   a novel immunosuppressant possessing unique mechanisms . iii . synergistic prolongation of t kawaguchi   y hoshino   f rahman   y amano   h  transplantation proceedings   1996.0 
phased array theory and technology 1982.0 rj milloux ieee   proceedings    
creasing : formulating a hypothesis lc holtzhausen proc . int . soc . citriculture      
reliability of hermetic compressor for r134a appliances c mozzon   p sansalvadore  procs . of int . seminar on new technology of alternative & hellip ;    
on detecting ancient admixture see ref   m nordborg  2001.0 
a class of data structures for associative searching ja orenstem   th merrett proc of sigact-sigmod      
wavelet-based neural net work with fuzzy-logic adaptivi ty for nuclear image restoration w qian   lp clarke  proceedings-ieee   1996.0 
ew design of a multi-level file management system h ver proc . acm 21st nat . conf.   aug      
applications of immunocolloids in light microscopy ill . demonstration of antigenic and lectin-binding sites in & hellip ;   jm lucocq   j roth   
interventions for preventing tobacco sales to minors lf stead   t lancaster cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
faculty motivation : the role of a supportive teaching culture 1999.0 ka feldman   mb paulsen new directions for teaching and learning    
the workings of win : a field observation study of three local offices sb levy   1981.0 
extended state space model based predictive control   '' d di ruscio submitted for    
modern geodetic control in the czech republic based on the densification of euref network j kostelecky   j pytel   
a logical view over structured files s abiteboul   s cluet   t milo vldb journal      
dimorphism see ref   ah romano   
inderpa l singh mumick . supporting multiple view maintenance policies ls colby   a kawaguchi   df lieuwen proceedings of the international conference on management of    
theory of ionization fluctuations phil . mag   je moyal   
performance and the broadband window id pearson bt technology journal   2002.0    
enhancing pedagogical productivity be walvoord   kj pool new directions for higher education   1998.0 
blue-green algae dw krogmann see ref      
old pharmaceutical vessels athens medical society   athens   a diamondopoulos   m marsellos   
long-range predictive control using weighting-sequence models dw clarke   
the locked medicine cabinet : hmong health care in america es kirton   1985.0 
on stability of circular hole in membrane bilayer cellular and molecular biology letters   m fosnaric   v kralj-iglic   h hagerstrand   a iglic  2001.0 
zinc finger motif nucleocapsid protein-facilated gene transfer with lipoplexes and polyplexes j zhu   l zhang   r reszka 1999.0    
lounasmaa   0 . v.   1957 rw hill  phil . mag    
the sequouia 2000 storage benchmark m stonebraker   j frew   j dozier proceedings of acm sigmod conference on the management of  
searching for . com-ponents t harbert electronic business    
international study for outstanding students : a case study 2001.0 m gage new directions for teaching and learning    
interventions for treating acute and chronic achilles tendinitis gj mclauchlan   hh handoll cochrane database syst rev     2001.0 
mnras pt de zeeuwâ ? ¦ 2001.0    
the error concealment feature in the h. 26l test model yk wang   mm hannuksela   v varsa   a hourunranta   m    
the categorial status of determiners g giusti 1997.0  the new comparative syntax    
system/u : a database system based on the universal relation assumption acm transactions on database systems   1984.0 hf korth   gm kuper   j feigenbaum   a van gelder   jd   
cooperative transaction hierarchies : a transaction model to support design applications mh nodine   sb zdonik vldb   1990.0    
dynamics of discrete quantum nonlinear schroedinger equations ( abstract only ) r lohikoski   e viitala   j timonen  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
nimda forces network shutdowns r field computerworld      
case generation using rough sets with fuzzy representation knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on   sk pal   p mitra  2004.0 
rule management in object oriented databases : a uniform approach vldb.org vldb     1991.0 
an evaluation of the training and development of adult students at the ntc wausau   wisconsin m gosz   2002.0 
mitochondrial resolution of a deep branch in the genealogical tree for perching birds sv edwards   p arctander   ac wilson  proceedings : biological sciences   1991.0 
when project information flow becomes turbulent : toward an organizational reynolds number m fyall  2002.0 
from structured documents to novel query facilities   in proc . of acm sigmod conference   may 1994 v christophides   s abiteboul   s cluet   m scholl   
subset queries in relational databases sr valluri   k karlapalem   
part-of-speech tagging using progol j cussens lecture notes in computer science     1997.0 
netcash : a design for practical electronic currency on the intemet 1993.0 g medvinsky   bc neuman proceedings of acm conference on computer and communication & hellip ;    
two-scale difference equation : local and global linear independence q sun  unpublished manuscript   1991.0 
decision directed iterative channel estimation for mimo systems x deng   am haimovich   j garcia-frias   
edas   j. cornil   d. beljonne   da dos santos   z. shuai jl br acc . chem . res    
adaptive estimation for a time inhomogeneous stochastic volatility model 1999.0 w hardle   vg spokoiny   g teyssiere unpublished manuscript    
informationsoptimierte merkmale zur grobregistrierung von freiform-flã $ chen n schã ¶ n   m benz   t maier   e nkenke   fw neukam   g procs bvmâ ?? 04      
introduction to digital waveguide modeling of musical instruments jo smith unpublished manuscript      
the shifting roles of parents and students . new directions for higher education   js hansen  1991.0 
special issue : location-based computing r want   b schilit ieee computer      
geology of the olympus mons region of mars kl tanaka ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1983.0 
object-oriented intelligent computer-integrated design   process planning   and inspection m marefat   s malhotra   rl kashyap   
corporate investment decisions and corporate control : evidence from going-private transactions dj denis   
needed : distributed control pg comba vldb     1975.0 
childhood conscientiousness and longevity : health behaviors and cause of death 1995.0 hs friedman   js tucker   je schwartz   lr martin journal of personality and social psychology    
sigmod 1999 a delis   c faloutsos   s ghandeharizadeh proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
econometric theory as goldberger   
tiltrotor simultaneous non-interfering ( sni ) operations fj aguilera european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0    
measure for measure computerworld   ha rubin   
repositories for co-operative information systems information and software technology   w huaiqing  1996.0 
discrete probability density estimation using multirate dsp models pp vaidyanathan   bj yoon    
selectivity estimation in spatial databases s acharya   v poosala   s ramaswamy   
optimal setting for discrete pid controllers 1992.0 km vu iee proceedings-d    
compressed histograms with arbitrary bucket layouts for selectivity estimation d fuchs   z he   bs lee    
le rã ´ le ã © purateur dâ ?? une zone humide renforcã © e : la dynamique de lâ ?? azote p merot   g dutin proceedings journã © e national dâ ?? etude des sols   orlã © ans   & hellip ;      
measuring structural change in concepts ee rissland   ce brodley   m friedman submitted for publication      
faculty as mentors new directions for teaching and learning   jm lagowski   jw vick  1995.0 
g. & dou   j. ( 1984 ) vertical partitioning algorithms for database design s navathe   sw ceri acm transactions on database  
storhouse metanoiaâ ?? new applications for database storage & data warehousing   acm sigmod   usa   f carino   p kostamaa   a kaufmann   j burgess   
sensitivity of the barley mildew pathogen to triadimenol in selected europeanareas e limpert   b koller zurich ( switzerland ) : institute of plant sciences      
clinical review 73 medical treatment of androgen-dependent hirsutism md   rs rittmaster  1995.0 
multivalency and cooperativity in supramolecular chemistry . jd badji   a nelson   sj cantrill   wb turnbull   jf acc . chem . res     2005.0 
spectrin ubiquitination and oxidative stress : potential roles in blood and neurological disorders j sangerman   d kakhniashvili   a brown   a shartava      
linguistic problems in deâ ® ning the concept oftribe ' d hymes  1968.0 
maximum likelihood method for probabilistic multi-hypothesis tracking proc . spie   r streit   t luginbuhl  1994.0 
rejection of skin allografts by indirect allorecognition of donor class i major histocompatibility transplantation proceedings   1993.0 j fangmann   r dalchau   jw fabre   
externality in the nonobese : effects of environmental responsiveness on weight j rodin   j slochower journal of personality and social psychology   1976.0    
timeline of computer history b carlson   a burgess   c miller  ieee computer    
algorithms and environments for complementarity ts munson  2000.0 
concurrent clean e nocker   jew smetsers   m van eekelen   mj proc . parle      
design of movable bridges & hellip ; engineering international   iabse   zurich   switzerland   gm stepanov   
activeviewsforelectroniccommerce s abiteboul   c cluet   l mignet   b amann   t milo   a proc . 25th vldb   edinburgh   uk   september    
preparing college faculty jg gaff   as pruitt-logan new directions for higher education   1998.0    
family nurturance and the development of obsession with body image and weight j rastall   1999.0 
toward systems ecology ieee computer   1998.0 ap sage   
batched searching of sequential and tree structured files b shneiderman  acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
the simulation of the large investment projects k rais   m drdla 5 thinternational conference   athens   greece    
independence is good : dependency-based histogram synopses for high-dimensional data sigmod conference   2001.0 a deshpande   m garofalakis   r rastogi   
md modern man in search ofa soul : cg jung  san  
the bank of greece model of the greek economy 1992.0 n garganas   
a conceptual model for dynamic clustering in object databases q li   jl smith    
rate-constrained motion estimation 1994.0 b girod proc . spie    
predictive software metrics based on a formal specification information and software technology   1987.0 wb samson   dg nevill   pi dugard   
a comparison of model building techniques to develop predictive equations for software metrics ar gray   sg macdonell information and software technology      
dynamic algorithm for linear quadratic gaussian predictive control aw ordys   me hangstrup   mj grimble applied mathematics and computer science   2000.0 
harrison jp 1965 d greig phil . mag      
cod-liver oil   platelet fatty acids   and bleeding time . lancet i   ta sanders   dj naismith   ap haines   m vickers  1980.0 
splitstream : high-bandwidth content distribution in cooperative environments m castro   p druschel   am kermarrec   a nandi   a 2003.0  lecture notes in computer science    
sources of survey error : implications for evaluation studies mt braverman  new directions for program evaluation    
a detailed study of burning fuel droplets ha dwyer   br sanders proc . 21st syrup . ( int . ) on combustion . the combustion  
vertical partitioning algorithms for database design s navathe   s ceri   g wiederhold   j dou acm transactions on database systems   1984.0    
a system for sculpting 3-d data 1977.0 re parent acm siggraph computer graphics    
on the use of the cyclomatic number to measure program complexity jl elshoff   m marcotty   
a theoretical model of behavioural addictions : applied to offending rif brown addicted to crime      
engineering distributed systems : simulation-based co-design hs sarjoughian   d hild   bp zeigler  ieee computer    
student-faculty collaborations   undergraduate research   and collaboration as an administrative model new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 rl dotterer   
learning with the set covering machine m marchand   j shawe-taylor    
specification of chinese text segmentation and pos tagging y shiwen    
discrete reflection groups in lobachevsky spaces eb vinberg  proc . int . congr . math.   warszawa    
the aqua approximate query answering system sa cr941   pb gibbons   v poosaia   s ramaswamy  proc . acm sigmod lnrernational co @ on management of data   & hellip ;    
multicasting a changing repository ( extended version ) w lam   h garcia-molina  technical report   stanford university   2002 . available at http : /  
complexity of probabilistic reasoning in ( directedpath ) singly connected ( not polytree ! ) bayes se shimony   c domshlak submitted for publication    
a multimodal framework for music inputs ( poster session ) proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ;   g haus   e pollastri  2000.0 
shrinking of the arctic cover over the last decades om johannessen   e shalina   s kuzmina   mw miles   a  proc . int . radiation symp    
developing a statewide faculty learning community program s hansen   a kalish   we hall   cm gynn   ml holly   d new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0    
from deregulation to co-regulation . neo-corporatism and its contribution to a theory of coordinated unpublished manuscript   h jã ¸ rgensen   
novel in vitro assay for the detection of pharmacologic inducers of fetal hemoglobin blood-new york -   e skarpidi   g vassilopoulos   q li   g  2000.0 
bit-interleaved coded modulation with iterative decoding using soft feedback electronic letters   1998.0 x li   ja ritcey   
milo   t.   a model for active object oriented databases c beeri  proceedings of the 17th int . conference on vldb   barcelona    
repetition and ideology in the aeneid . d quint md      
agreement morphology   argument structure and syntax 1999.0 m kracht unpublished manuscript    
asian pacific americans in higher education : faculty and administrative representation and tenure dt nakanishi new directions for teaching and learning     1993.0 
appraisals of emotion-eliciting events : testing a theory of discrete emotions journal of personality and social psychology   ij roseman   ms spindel   pe jose   
serverâ ?? s advantage j clyman pc magazine    
observation of growth of cadmium iodine from aqueous solution aj forty phil . mag      
theoretical pluralism and the construction of psychoanalytic knowledge d tuckett  unpublished manuscript    
detecting humans in groups using a fast mean shift procedure . digital imaging in media and education c beleznai   b fruhstuck   h bischof   w kropatsch  proc . of the 28th aapr workshop    
induction of icam-1 on hepatocyte membranes during liver allograft rejection and infection 1990.0 g steinhoff   m behrend   r pichlmayr trans . proc    
case study of electronic banking at meridian bancorp rj kauffman   rd banker  information and software technology   1991.0 
aapt : algorithm animator and programming toolbox i sanders   h gopal acm sigcse bulletin   1991.0    
versions and workspaces in microsoft repository tbpab shankar   pd shutt   
determination of rare earth elements in bauxite by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission dk das   p roychowdhury at . spectrosc.   1997.0 
all ( 1999 ) . estimating the support of a high-dimensional distribution b schã ¶ lkopf technical report microsoft research . 27 november  
a statistical study on the transient hollow cathode discharge p choi   r aliaga proc . int . conf . gas  
the binding site of measles virus hemagglutinin on the receptor cd46 : alanine-scanning mutagenesis swiss institute of technology   zurich   switzerland   d koller   
an overview of vhdl language and technology proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 m shahdad   
an efficient motion estimation technique based on a rate-distortion criterion wc chung   f kossentini   mjt smith  proceedings  
sddl : a system for distributed databases acm trans . database syst   jb rothnieâ ? ¦   
the computing research repository : promoting the rapid dissemination of computer science research jy halpern   c lagoze proceedings of acm digital librariesâ ?? 99    
comparison of four in vitro assays for specific ige detection 1994.0 p boccagni   f favari   g zanoni   a pezzini international journal of clinical and laboratory research    
politics of strategic decision making in high-velocity environments : toward a midrange theory km eisenhardt   ljb iii  the academy of management journal   1988.0 
zusammenfassende darstebbung zum verstã $ ndnis des gleichnisses dg vom verlorenen sohnâ ?? eine    
the determination of dislocation densities in thin films rk ham  phil . mag    
encouraging your students to give feedback md svinicki new directions for teaching and learning     2001.0 
view representation in logical database design sb navathe   m schkolnick proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference  
a recovery algorithm for a distributed database system n goodman   d skeen   a chan   u dayal   s fox   d ries  proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1983.0 
an alternative solution to the observation pattern problem k nguyen   t dillon   
annual stats pack seattle   pf magazine   
versions and workspaces in microsoft repository t bergstraesser   pa bernstein   s pal   d shutt    
antagonistic effects of interferons on the cytotoxicity mediated by natural killer cells g trinchieri   d santoli   d granato   b perussia  fed proc   1981.0 
exemplary programming in rita da waterman acm sigart bulletin   1977.0    
characteristic polynomial assignment in 2-dimensional discrete systems p agathoklis   
numerische simulation der setzungserscheinungen in tailingsschlã $ mmen u reichel  diplomthesis   technical university chemnitz    
risk factors for hiv-1 infection among street-recruited intravenous drug users in new york city   sr friedman   a rosenblum   d goldsmithâ ? ¦ montreal   canada   june    
algorithms for materialized view design in data warehousing environment 1997.0 j yang vldb    
nanoscale materials jr heath acc . chem . res    
dense multiway trees ii karel culik   t ottmann   d wood acm trans . database syst      
the plane jet wg bickley phil . mag    
pond use   patterns of reproduction and juvenile recruitment in a mixed waterfrog population g abt 2003.0    
wavelet thresholding for unequally spaced data 1998.0 a kovac submitted for publication    
no bad dogs : ethological lessons for learning in hamsterdam b blumberg   p todd   p maes    
mobile ecommerce andersen consulting   zurich   k sabatakakis   m zumbuhl   s krotsch   
a search interface for my questions macj overmeer computer networks   1999.0 
adolescent suicidal ideation t field   m diego   ce sanders adolescence-san diego -     2001.0 
honoring narrative evidence in the research and evaluation of peer support unpublished manuscript   c macneil   s mead   
design of a feedback active control regulator for reduction of vibrations or noise in a helicopter 1999.0 jj costes   i legrain-naudin european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.    
the angular dislocation phil . mag   eh yoffe   
generalized toda chains in discrete time yb suris algebra i anal      
men arefrom mars   women arefrom venus 1992.0 j gray   
error estimation and adaptivity for nonlinear fe analysis a huerta   a rodriguez-ferran   p diez    
possibilities of deep burnup of americium and neptunium in the core of a fast sodium-cooled reactor ev poplavskaya   va eliseev at .  
the determination of wage and price inflation in greece : an application of modern cointegration sg hall   n zonzilos   
special issue in multidatabase systems a sheth acm sigmod record      
personality   life events   and subjective well-being : toward a dynamic equilibrium model journal of personality and social psychology   b headey   a wearing   
pool combustion behavior of liquid sodium s futagami   m nishimura   k kawada   h ishikawa   s  proceedings in 36th japanese symposium on combustion   d    
decomposition-a strategy for query proce . ssmg e wong   k youssefi acm trans . database syst . 1   3 ( sept. 1979 )    
an organizational-economic blueprint for information technology outsourcing : concepts and evidence l loh  proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1994.0 
requirement engineering 1999.0 apnp rolland   p negoro information and software technology    
bank of america case study : the information currency advantage vldb   1998.0 f carino   m jahnke   
towards a computational theory of discourse interpretation bj grosz   ak joshi   s weinstein  unpublished manuscript    
surgical glove lubricants : from toxicity to opportunity ja woods   rf morgan   fh watkins   rf edlich journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
submission and repository management of digital libraries   using www computer networks   g karvounarakis   s kapidakis  2000.0 
keynote address : access to data in nasa 's earth observing system proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   j dozier  1992.0 
operative therapiemã ¶ glichkeiten des knorpelschadens der unfallchirurg   2001.0 ac burkart   pb schoettle   ab imhoff   
narcissism : theory and measurement 1987.0 ra emmons journal of personality and social psychology    
probabilistic primality tests 2005.0 a bektaå ?   
effects of ethnic group cultural differences on cooperative and competitive behavior on a group task the academy of management journal   1991.0 th cox   sa lobel   pl mcleod   
optimal weight assignment for signature generation acm transactions on database systems   cwr leng   dl lee  1992.0 
interface roughening and pinning s roux   a hansen j. phys . i france   1994.0 
nature of diamond coat phil . mag   m seal   
security of statistical databases : multidimensional transformation jan schlijrer   u ulm   w germany acm transactions on database systems   1981.0    
detection and imaging of moving objects with synthetic aperture radar s barbarossa iee proceedings-f   1992.0 
evaluation of student-centered teaching . v faw  unpublished manuscript    
constrained receding-horizon predictive control dw clarke   r scattolini    
mode-select bits md md   
multi-beam lattice images from germanium oriented in ( 011 ) phil . mag   j desseaux   a renault   a bourret   
quantum mechanics a bohm 2001.0    
a dbms prototype to surt extended nf2-relations : an integrated view on at tables and hierarchies p dadam   k kuspert   f anderson   h blanken   r erbe   proc . of acm/sigmod    
lower bounds for randomized kserver algorithms proceedings of the 23rd annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;   hj karlo   y rabani   y ravid   
markovian decision processes with probabilistic observation of states management science   jk satia   re lave  1973.0 
macrocyclic polyether syntheses 1982.0 gw gokel   sh korzeniowski   
midcareer and senior faculty learning communities : learning throughout faculty careers ml blaisdell   md cox 2004.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
mema-model : towards a new approach for method engineering information and software technology   1996.0 t punter   k lemmen   
tagging frenchcomparing a statical and a constraint-based method procs . of   c pierre   p tapanainen   
a comparison of landsat multispectral scanner imagery and aerial photography for identifying land ek waller  1999.0 
quasi 3-d effects in leaky infragravity waves proc . 26th int . conf . on coast . engrg.   copenhagen   ar van dongeren   ia svendsen   u putrevu   
gesetz zum schutz vor schã $ dlichen bodenverã $ nderungen und zur sanierung von altlasten ( bundes - d bundestag bundesgesetzblatt i   s    
relationships in everquest : an ethnographic report ( undergraduate term paper for communication 480 ) no ` brien seattle : university of washington      
time-parameterized queries in spatio-temporal databases y tao   d papadias sigmod conference   2002.0    
ise integrated systems engineering ag sr manual  zurich  
xmill : an efficient compressor for xml data l hartmut   d suciu    
reduction of redundant laboratory orders by access to computerized patient records journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 to stair   
an illustrated flora of the northern united states and canada nl britton   a brown   
indexing by statistical tagging 2000.0 p bouillon   rh baud   g robert   p ruch proceedings of journees dâ ?? analyse statistique des donnees & hellip ;    
1991 ap sheth acm sigmod record special issue on semantic issues in    
scan-speech content based audio navigator : a systems overview j choi   d hindle   j hirschberg   i magrin -    
an iterative method for distributed database design r blankinship 1991.0  vldb    
iddq testing in deep submicron integrated circuits ac miller proc . int . test conf     1999.0 
antidepressants for depression in medical illness cochrane database syst rev   d gill   s hatcher  2000.0 
an overview of location-based services td ` roza   g bilchev  bt technology journal   2003.0 
individual psychodynamic psychotherapy and psychoanalysis for schizophrenia and severe mental l malmberg   m fenton  cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
path constraints on structured and semistructured data p buneman   w fan   s weinstein  proc . acm pods conference    
rr independence is good : dependency-based histogram synopses for high-dimensional data a deshpande   mn garofalakis proc . 2001 acm sigmod intl. conf . managment of  
window inference in isabelle 1995.0 m staples proceedings : isabelle users workshop    
mentoring faculty for midcareer issues dw wheeler   bj wheeler  new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
abruptio placentae : perinatal outcome in normotensive and hypertensive patients . m morgan   k berkowitz   s thomas 1995.0  journal of emergency medicine    
performance and scalability of client-server database architectures   '' 18th intl conf . on very large data bases   vancouver   bc   canada   a delis   n roussopoulos   
dynamically distributed query evaluation j trevor   d suciu proceedings of the twentieth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart  
on line processing of compacted relations f bancilhon   p richard   m scholl  vldb   1982.0 
mixed reality applications in urban environments bt technology journal   2004.0 j bulman   b crabtree   a gower   a oldroyd   m lawson   
elektrische bodenstabilizierung 1968.0 fp jaecklin   
s.   1959 zs basinski  phil . mag    
relaxed multijava : balancing extensibility and modular typechecking t millstein   m reay   c chambers    
precomputation for intra-domain qos routing 2005.0 y cui   j wu   k xu   y cui   j wu   k xu computer networks    
improved histograms for selectivity estimation of range predicates proc . of the 1996 acm sigmod 1996.0 v poosala   ye ioannidis   pj haas   ej shekita   
long pulse operation of a 0.5 mw-118 ghz gyrotron with cryogenic window s alberti   o braz   p garin   e giguet   m pain   ph  proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves   & hellip ;    
savage inequalities : children in americaâ ?? s schools j kozol   
comparison between zeeman and continuum background correction for graphite furnace aas on at . spectrosc.   1987.0 v letourneau   
a theory and method of love c hendrick   s hendrick journal of personality and social psychology      
metadata for digital media w klaus   a sheth  sigmod record   special issue on metadata for digital media   & hellip ;    
characteristic errors in programming jd gannon proceedings of acm national conference      
feedback systems : input-output properties ca desoer   m vidyasagar    
functional-join processing r braumandl   j claussen   a kemper   d kossmann the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;     2000.0 
support vector machine active learning with application to text categorization s tong   d koller j. machine learning res      
converging measurement of horizontal and vertical individualism and collectivism hc triandis   mj gelfand journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0    
practical decisions in developing and operating a faculty evaluation system . r arreola   lm aleamoni  new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
reforming welfare and rewarding work : final report on the minnesota family investment program v see knox   c miller   la gennetian new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
query optimizationby simulatedannealing yeie wong proc . of the acm sigmod int &#39; l. conf . on management of    
abamectin ( zephyrdâ ?? r ) a : novel avermectin miti ci de/insecticide for spider mite control on nj hillon   ra dyba  search an d control conference  
role of strategic planning in engineering management k krishen   
mastercard nears finish of payment system rollout l mearian   
schematic and semantic similarities between database objects : a context-based approach vldb journal   v kashyap   a sheth   
an agent-based multiservice negotiation for ecommerce 1999.0 w merlat bt technology journal    
localized corrosion of metals j tousek trans tech publications   zurich   switzerland    
a ~ d popek   gj a proposal for distributed concurrency control for partially redundant distributed proc . 3rd . berkeley conf . distributed data management and dz badal   
implementation of a compiler for a semantic data model b nixon   l chung   d lauzon   a borgida   j  proc . acmsigmod    
algebraic tools for the performance evaluation of discrete event systems 1989.0 g cohen   p moller   jp quadrat   m viot ieee proceedings    
a logical view of structured files s abiteboul   s cluet   t milo the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1998.0    
magnetic hysteresis in superconducting colloids   1952 ab pippard phil . mag    
database trunsaction models for advanced applications . morgan kaufmann   san mateo   calif.   i y92 . il a elmagarmid proc . acm sigmod . acm press . new york    
lu ã ¯ ck   r.   1995 phil . s ritsch   c beeli   hu nissen   
faculty compensation policies . new directions for higher education   f silander  1983.0 
bank considers outsourcing m fitzgerald computerworld      
electrochemically-controlled transport of lithium through ultra-thin sio2 for novel electronic and submitted for n ariel   g ceder   dr sadoway   ea fitzgerald   
agile manufacturing finds firmer ground ar earls computerworld      
channel adapted multiple description coding scheme using wavelet transform m pereira   m antonini   m barlaud    
the congressional research service bp duffy 1992.0  new directions for program evaluation    
blue receptor distribution in primates from intense light and histochemic studies hg sperling  see verriest    
predictive scheduling of network processors t wolf   p pappu   ma franklin computer networks     2003.0 
interpolation and contouring of discontinuous discrete data g reid   1997.0 
topics in galois theory   no jp serre    
determination of detector efficiency in î ³ spectrometry of large-volume samples ã?g tertyshnik   at korsakov at .  
popular medicine in hios s haviara-karahalios   1993.0 
computer supported cooperative work and groupware : a survey of systems and the behavioral and social j grudin   s poltrock proceedings of acm    
interventions for the treatment of twin-twin transfusion syndrome d roberts   jp neilson   am weindling 2001.0  cochrane database syst rev    
an access path model for physical database design rh katz   e wong 1980.0  proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
vacuum-sealed silicon micromachined incandescent light source ch mastrangelo   rs muller    
a variable span scatterplot smoother . laboratory for computational statistics jh friedman   1984.0 
e.   mw friedman and cj pollard . 1987 . a centering approach to pronouns s brennan proceedings of the 25 thannual meeting of the association    
ps/2 â ??   peter norton y richard wilton pc el ibm microsoft  
the chronicle of the bank of greece e venezis 1955.0    
plan-per-tuple optimization solution-parallel execution of expensive user-defined functions f carifio   woâ ?? connell   
the oesign of a rotating associative emory far relational database applications cs lin   dcp smith   j smith    
bad blood : the tuskegee syphilis study and legacy recruitment for experimental aids vaccines new directions for adult and continuing education   ks hagen  2005.0 
rainforestâ ?? a framework for fast decision tree classification of large datasets j gehrke   r ramakrishnan   v ganti proc . of the vldb conference   august   new york city   ny      
a soft-typing system for erlang so nystrom proceedings of acm sigplan erlang    
the peter norton pc programmer 's bible p norton   pg aitken   r wilton microsoft    
negotiating between competing interests in planning continuing medical education new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 rg maclean   
adolescents ` academic expectations and achievement ce sanders   tm field   ma diego 2001.0  adolescence-san diego -    
hypothesized interdependence   assumed independence wh glick   kh roberts 1984.0  the academy of management review    
a regional accreditation perspective on contingent faculty appointments se elman  new directions for higher education   2003.0 
energy-conserving feedback edf scheduling for embedded systems with real-time constraints a dudani   f mueller   y zhu   
special issue on management of semistructured data d suciu sigmod record    
the politics of congressional elections gc jacobson 1997.0    
ande . rotenberg.â ?? a large   fast instruction window for tolerating cache misses.â ?? proc . 29th annual international symposium on computer a lebeck   j koppanalil   t li   j patwardhan   
tardive dyskinesia outcomes : clinical and pharmacologic correlates of remission and persistence 1993.0 r cavallaro   mg regazzetti   e mundo   v brancato neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -    
pacific coast clam fisheries td schink   ka mcgraw   kk chew  1983.0 
central puget sound freeway network usage and performance   1999 update   volume 1 jm ishimaru   j nee   me hallenbeck  2000.0 
comprehension by computer : analysis of sentences in context . yale university   dept. of computer 1976.0 c riesbeck   r schank   
measuring the emissions of passing cars dh stedman acc . chem . res    
discrete cosine transform : algorithms   advantages   applications kr rao   p yip    
hill : weaving relations for cache performance a ailamaki   dj dewitt   d mark  submitted for publication   february    
data file management in shift-register memories we kluge  acm transactions on database systems   1978.0 
fda   us dhew   rockville aac recommenda-tions  md    
causality in economics s leroy   
the arrangement of atoms in crystals phil . mag   wl bragg   
the business culture of the community college : students as consumers ; students as commodities js levin new directions for higher education     2005.0 
evolutionary computation : toward a new philosophy of machine intelligence d fogel   
optimal partial-match retrieval when tields are independently specified av afro   jd ullw acm trans . database syst . 4   2 ( june 1979 )      
iterative methods for unsymmetric linear systems ha van der vorst  proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ;   1996.0 
spatial   temporal and spatio-temporal databases-hot issues and directions for phd research j roddick sigmod record     2004.0 
using timed csp during object oriented design of real-time systems pg o'donoghue   mec hull information and software technology   1996.0    
132   1006 ( 1933 ) [ cas ] gp thomson  phil . mag    
maximum likelihood source separation for discrete sources a belouchrani   jf cardoso   
the modern campus dn langenberg   dz spicer new directions for higher education   2001.0 
the challenge of creating cooperating mobile services : experiences and lessons learned proc . 29th australasian computer science conf . ( acsc 2006 ) â ?? & hellip ;   a hinze   g buchanan   
sputtering of gold foils in a high voltage electron microscope : a comparison of theory and d cherns   mw finnis   md matthews phil . mag      
linear clustering of objects with multiple attributes proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   j hv   
manejo de las relaciones con los clientes kj bannan  pc magazine en espaã ± ol    
improved histograms for selectivity estimation v poosala   y ioannidis   p haas   e shekita proc . of acm sigmod   montreal   canada      
join araoh and acyclic database schemes proceedings of the seventh international conference on vldb   k chase   
tourism to northern cyprus dg lockhart   s ashton geography      
finite element analysis of electromagnetic torque saturation harmonics in a squirrel cage machine electronic engineering   1999.0 a demenko   
andm . yannakakis . on monotone formulaewith restricted depth m klawe   np wpaul proc . 16th acm symp . theory comp    
development of a grade eight taiwanese physical science teacherâ ?? s pedagogical content knowledge hl tuan   rc kaou proceedings of national science council   part d      
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension v lure   r dadam   r erbe   j guenauer   p pistor   g acm sigmod international conference on the management of    
runs of significant samples for processes with sharp non-stationarities - application to seismogram & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1975.0 vf babkin   ne rybeva   ium shcharkov   
synthesizing independent database schemas j biskup   u dayal   pa bernstein  proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
united states of america v dcc opinion   2001.0 
hemostasis manual la harker  1970.0 
m and beshers dn 1963 sm ohr phil . mag      
a framework for designing materialized views in data warehousing environment j yang   k karlapalem   q li   
efficient bootstrapping for semiparametric models unpublished manuscript   bw brown   wk newey   
essence and accidents of software engineering info.computer.org   
integration of spatial join algorithms for processing multiple inputs   acm sigmod intl n mamoulis   d papadias conference on management of data    
photocontrolling peptide helices acc . chem . res   2005.0 ga woolley   
on the electron microscopy of fission fragment damage lt chadderton   dv morgan   im torrens   v van phil mag   1966.0 
flat-panel-detector-based cone beam volume ct imaging : detector evaluation r ning   x tang   r yu   dl conover   d zhang 2003.0  proceedings of spie    
assessing psychopathic attributes in a noninstitutionalized population 1995.0 mr levenson   ka kiehl   cm fitzpatrick journal of personality and social psychology    
weight and growth rates of morphological characters of cygnus olor s mathiasson proc . int . swan symp    
join synopses for improving approximate query answers s acharya   p gibbons   v poosala   s ramaswarmy proc . of acm sigmod conf      
a uniform approach to processing temporal queries u dayal    
psychological effects of mde in normal subjects are entactogens a new class of psychoactive agents ? neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 l hermle   m spitzer   d borchardt   ka kovar   
topical negative pressure for treating chronic wounds d evans   l land cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
geography and the national parks l bennett social studies and the young learner   1997.0    
novel computer-based infrared pedestrian data-acquisition system ss mudally  electronic letters    
spatio-temporal retrieval with rasdaman p baumann   a dehmel   p furtado   r ritsch   n proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 
classifying images of materials : achieving viewpoint and illumination independence m varma   a zisserman lecture notes in computer science   2002.0    
reforming welfare and rewarding work : final report on the minnesota family investment program . vol . l gennetian   c miller new york   ny : manpower demonstration research corporation   & hellip ;      
optical considerations in line focus fresnel concentrators d buie   
robustness measure bounds for lyapunov-type state-feedback systems a abdul-wahab    
incremental maintenance of aggregate and outerjoin h gupta   is mumick  technical report   stanford university    
covering indexes for branching path expressions r kaushik   p bohannon   jf naughton   hf korth  proc . of acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data    
deferred maintenance . new directions for higher education   1980.0 hh kaiser   
analysis of dynamic hashing with deferred splitting e veklerov 1985.0  acm transactions on database systems    
efficient bundle sorting y matias   e segal   js vitter    
acute l-thyroxine overdose ; therapy with sodium ipodate : evaluation of clinical and physiologic pd berkner   h starkman   n person journal of emergency medicine   1991.0    
the role of faculty development programs in helping teachers to improve student learning through ea caldwell   md sorcinelli new directions for teaching and learning     1997.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?probabilistic analysis of large finite state machines   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? 31st acm/ieee design gd hachtel   e macii   a pardo   f somenzi   1994.0 
source acm sigmod record archive w chen   j naughton   pa bernstein acm sigmod record   2000.0    
xml repository and active views demonstration proceedings of the 25th vldb conference   edinburgh   uk   1999.0 jc mamou   c souza   s abiteboul   v aguilera   s   
prostacyclin and analogues for acute ischaemic stroke . pm bath   fj bath cochrane database syst .  
boat-optimistic decision tree construction j gehrke   v ganti   r ramakrishnan   wy loh   
query processmg ma relauonal database management system k youssefi   e wong proceedmgs of 1979 vldb conference      
sugar canes see ref   bt roach   
experiments on the interference of light hf talbot phil . mag      
critical thinking : toward research and dialogue c furedy   jj furedy 1985.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
a framework for level set segmentation of volume datasets r whitaker   d breen   k museth   n soni proceedings of acm intnl . wkshp .  
advances in p/m and particulate materials o mars   s bengtsson   a bergmark proc . int . conf.   vancouver   mpif      
disciplines with an affinity for the improvement of undergraduate education jm braxton new directions for teaching and learning   1995.0    
the functional model and the dab language daplex dw ishipmanbll shipman acm trans . database syst      
randomized experiments in the federal courts ea lind new directions for program evaluation    
methamphetamine-related stroke : four cases-non-hypertensive causes 1999.0 ja perez   el arsura   s strategos journal of emergency medicine    
from structured documents to novel query facilities sigmod conference   v christophides   s abiteboul   s cluet   m scholl  1994.0 
a conceptual model for the co-maturation of it and fm processes j hinks & hellip ; of international conference   facilities management in & hellip ;      
introductory combinatorics kp bogart    
biogeography of ants in eastern madagascar bl fisher   d girman see ref    
fyi on the x window system r scheifler    
nederlands oecologische flora   wilde planten en hun relaties vol . 1 p. 154 ej weeda   r westra   ch westra   t westra isbn      
avian physiology pd sturkie 1976.0    
liveworld : a construction kit for animate systems m travers proceedings of acm chi   1994.0    
aseismic ridge subduction and vertical motion of overriding plate i moretti   k ngokwey see mascle      
dnre neg margins isbn      
fighting mckinsey p strassmann computerworld   2001.0 
bypassing joins in disjunctive queries vldb   1995.0 acm.org   
the impact of international students on domestic students in us institutions of higher education ss barger  2004.0 
how far out is nanotechnology c levin pc magazine      
using midsemester student feedback and responding to it kg lewis new directions for teaching and learning     2001.0 
xmill : an efficient compressor for xml data h liefke   d suciu   
pipes and water damage a klaus   u straub   c teuber   1992.0 
an agoraphobia scale for assessing the clinical significance of treatment outcome ta dykstra   wc follette  unpublished manuscript    
the management and processing of network performance information o bashir   i phillips   d parish   jl adams   t bt technology journal   1998.0    
disclosure from statistical databases : quantitative aspects of trackers 1980.0 jan schlijrer   u ulm   w germany acm transactions on database systems    
the globalization of japanese r & d : the economic geography of japanese r & d investment in the united r florida   m kenney 1994.0  economic geography    
newspapers in the geography class j haddon  geography    
fast cross-validation for high-breakdown resampling algorithms for pca m hubert   s engelen  2004.0 
a wavelet tour of signal processing academic s mallat san diego   calif      
interaction between type and path constraints p buneman   w fan   s weinstein proc . acm pods conference    
software testingâ ?? searching for the missing link m roper information and software technology     1999.0 
science performance assessment with language minority students g solano-flores   ma ruiz-primo   gp baxter   rj & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa barbara      
dewitt . equi-depthhistogramsfor estimating selectivity factors for multi-dimensional queries m muralikrishnaandd  proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
width-3 permutation branching programs '   technical memorandum tm-293 da barrington mit laboratory for computer    
multilingual information technology 2003.0 s appleby bt technology journal    
culture conflicts in software engineering technology transfer mv zelkowitz   dr wallace   dw binkley   
dessis 4.0 manual r escoffier   u krumbein   e lyumkis   b polsky   a  ise integrated systems engineering ag   zurich   switzerland    
free-radical-mediated liver injury gl plaa see ref    
the d-tree : an index structure for planar point queries in location-based wireless services dl lee 2004.0  ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering    
do story agents use rocking chairs ? km brooks   
analysis of nonlinear systems with multiple inputs 1974.0 jj bussgang   l ehrman   jw graham ieee   proceedings    
the wealth of nations   the modern library a smith new york      
achieving dynamic interfaces with agent concepts t juan   l sterling    
wavelet shinkage wvd-a ten minutes tour technical report tr-416   statistics department   stanford dl donoho   
a service learning approach to faculty development e zlotkowski 1998.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
determination of rare earth elements in environmental samples using inductively coupled plasma mass vk panday   k hoppstock   js becker   hj dietze at . spectrosc    
acfa cryst.   1952   5 670 ; jm robertson ca beevers phil . mag      
violations of stochastic dominance   branch independence   upper and lower cumulative independence in mh birnbaum   s yeary  submitted for  
live ego-motion estimation d nister demonstration   iccv    
data description for data independence wc mcgee acm sigmod record   1969.0    
grades : their influence on students and faculty f janzow   j eison new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0    
computer system   heal thyself ld paulson    
a mechanism for managing the buffer pool in a relational acm transactions on database systems   vol . gm sacco   m schkolnik proceedings of the 8th vldb ( mexico city   sept. 1982 )      
light scattering by small particles 1dover hc van de hulst new york    
and the american obesity association . guidance for treatment of adult obesity . shape up america !   su america  md    
a unique cell contact in the adrenal cortex ds friend proc . 29th electron microsc . soc . amer    
toward automatic detection of software failures t savor   re seviora ieee computer     1998.0 
discrete principal component analysis w buntine    
faculty evaluation . new directions for higher education   km stroup  1983.0 
color-based probabilistic tracking lecture notes in computer science   p perez   c hue   j vermaak   m gangnet  2002.0 
a study of the aerosol of santiago de chile . 3 . light absorption measurements at . env.   h horvath   l catalan   a trier   
heuristic principles for the design of artificial neural networks s walczak   n cerpa  information & software technology   1999.0 
congress vienna 1980 . 1981 ja emerton   
couch potato pcs . pc b brown   
searching for components electronic business   t harbert   
nonlinear dynamics and stochastic behavior of semiconductor lasers with optical feedback 1989.0 j moerk   
adaptive partial feedback linearization of induction motors r marino   s peresada   p valigi    
database architecture for new hardware a ailamaki   
regularity theory for the homogeneous boltzmann with angular cut-o c mouhot   c villani   2002.0 
semantic and schematic similarities between objects in databases : a context-based approach 1995.0 v kashyap   a sheth public server    
adaptive software testing with fixed-memory feedback submitted for publication   ky cai   b gu   h hai   yc li   
optical waveguide theory aw snyder   jd love    
toward a model for backtracking and dynamic programming maa borodin   j buresh-oppenheim   r impagliazzo   a unpublished manuscript    
on the relative cost of sampling for join selectivity estimation pj haas   jf naughton   an swami  proceedings of the thirteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1994.0 
the case for and against business assumption of social responsibilities k davis the academy of management journal     1973.0 
a fast and versatile path index for querying semi-structured data database systems for advanced applications   2003 . ( dasfaa & hellip ;   m barg   rk wong  2003.0 
antibiotic prophylaxis to reduce respiratory tract infections and mortality in adults receiving cochrane database syst rev   a liberati   rdâ ?? amico   tv pifferi   l brazzi  2004.0 
on the synthesis of discrete controllers for timed systems o maler   a pnueli   j sifakis 1995.0  lecture notes in computer science    
faculty culture and college life : reshaping incentives toward student outcomes mj amey 1999.0  new directions for higher education    
independence and bipolarity in the structure of current affect lf barrett   ja russell journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
epidemiology in sweden u krause  see ref    
information transparency in electronic marketplaces : why data transparency may hinder the adoption k zhu electronic markets   2002.0 
megaw   nd ( 1972 ) am glazer phil . mag      
parallel probabilistic inference on cache-coherent multiprocessors a kozlov   jp singh ieee computer      
autoreactive t cells in mercury-induced autoimmune disease : vitro demonstration . j immunol   l pelletier   r pasquier   f hirsch   c sapin   p   
the interpreted-compiled range of ai/db systems   a sheth 1989.0  acm sigmod record    
andb . plattner . router plugins-amodularandextensible software framework for modern high performance d decasper   z dittia   g parulkar proc . of acm  
kc sevick the grid file : an adaptable   symmetric mulikey file structure j nievergelt   h hinterberger acm transactions on database    
the effect of blue and red light on the development of the photosynthetic units during greening of h anni   g akoyunoglou see ref      
concurrency control performance modeling : alternatives andimplications r agrawal   mj carey   m livny acm trans . database systems    
design and selection of materialized views in a data warehousing environment : a case study gky chan   q li   l feng   
gpu-assisted decoding of video samples represented in the ycocg-r color space proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   w de neve   d van rijsselbergen   c hollemeersch  2005.0 
measuring software engineering maturity : a rasch calibration d drehmer   s dekleva proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1993.0    
spatial queries in dynamic environments acm transactions on database systems   y tao   d papadias  2003.0 
canine dilated cardiomyopathy bw keene  proceedings . 23rd voorjarsdagen congress    
fine-grained version control for collaborative software development b magnusson   u asklund   s minã ¶ r proceedings of acm    
1vl   and davies   il   1950 phil . mag   pm woodward   
instructional evaluation as a feedback process . dh gil new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0    
virus induced erythema multiforme and stevens-johnson syndrome 1995.0 ac choy   pr yarnold   je brown   gt kayaloglou allergy proceedings    
a hybrid discrete elementâ ?? boundary element method of stress analysis proceedings of the 23rd us symposium on rock mechanics   & hellip ;   lj lorig   bhg brady   
epidemiology and management of almond anthracnose and brown rot in california je adaskaveg   j diã © guez-uribeondo   h fã ¶ rster   d proc . of the 29th annual almond conference    
ye loannidis   pj haas   and ej shekita . improved histograms for selectivity estimation of range v poosala  proceedings of the 1996 acm international conference on & hellip ;    
mechanics of underwater swimming in foot-propelled diving birds jr lovvorn  proc . int . ornithol . congr    
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? concurrency control performance modeling : alternatives and implications   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? acm trans database syst   rk agrawal   mj carey   m livny   
a database interface for le update sigmod   s abiteboul   s cluet   t milo   
repositories and object oriented databases ; p. 34-26 in : tagungsband zur gi-fachtagung pa bernstein   1997.0 
calentador auxiliar para secaderos solares utilizando residuos forestalesâ ?? avances en energãas a iriarte   c rodriguez   l saravia tomo    
single-molecule spectroscopy . acc chem res   pf barbara  2005.0 
toward a foundational typed assembly language k crary    
data on the web : from relational to semistructured data and xml sigmod record   2003.0 s abiteboul   p buneman   d suciu   
rule management in object oriented databases : a uniform approach . actes 17th international conference vldb   barcelona   o diaz   n paton   p gray   
join synopses for approximate query answering sapbg viswanath   ps ramaswamy    
exploiting object oriented methods for multi-modal trip planning systems je mccormack   s roberts information and software technology   1996.0 
code-based analysis of the development effort of a large scale courseware project im marshal   s price   pi dugard   p hobbs   wb samson information and software technology      
decision feedback equalization ca belfiore   jh park ieee proceedings   1979.0 
lightâ ?? oxygen effect in cells and the prospects for its application in tumor therapy sd zakharov   av ivanov quantum electronic      
an efficient parallel join algorithm based on hypercube-partitioning hi choi   bm im   mh kim   yj lee parallel and distributed information systems   1994.   & hellip ;    
a writing support program for junior women faculty j gainen 1993.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
distributed query evaluation on semistructured data d suciu acm transactions on database systems     2002.0 
designing a large-scale video chat application proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 j scholl   p parnes   jd mccarthy   a sasse   
college : the undergraduate experience in america el boyer   1987.0 
temperature field in deep disposal site for liquid radioactive wastes : simulation of multistep im kosareva   mk savushkina   mm arkhipovaâ ? ¦ at .  
a comparison of shewhart control charts based on normality   nonparametrics   and extreme-value theory ra ion   r does   caj klaassen submitted for publication      
application of spreadsheet software in software engineering measurement technology information and software technology   1989.0 p kokol   
telling the holocaust story to children . pull-out feature ii . s totten  social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
estimation of settlement in cohesionless soil . bp papadopolous 1984.0    
autofocusing techniques for imaging moving targets by sar based on a multilinear time-frequency s barbarossa   r mascolo proc . int . conf .  
the implementation and performance evaluation of the adms query optimizer : integrating query result 1994.0 cm chen   n roussopoulos lecture notes in computer science    
plan-per-tuple optimization solution - parallel execution of expensive user-defined functions vldb   1998.0 f carino   wo ` connell   
monotonically convergent iterative learning control for linear discrete-time systems kl moore   yq chen   v bahl for submission to automatica      
a framework for agents cooperative working in emergency management . 1993.0 c balducelli   m boero   b errico the proceedings of the d-ai * ia &#39; 93 3rd meeting of the & hellip ;    
beeldende kunst en onze hersenen l maffei   a fiorentini isbn      
view relevance driven materialized view selection in data warehousing environment   s vadapalli   k karlapalem   
abstracts of invited industrial track presentations z ives proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2003.0 
evaluation issues in medical research synthesis wh yeaton   pm wortman 1984.0  new directions for program evaluation    
a model for active object oriented databases vldb     t milo  1991.0 
investment policies for college and university endowments new directions for higher education   wt spitz  1999.0 
the next really bad idea jc dvorak pc magazine    
the marine gram-negative eubacteria : genera photobacterium   beneckea   alteromonas   pseudomonas   and the prokaryotes   p baumann   l baumann  1981.0 
on the harm that pretesting does dl danilov   jr magnus submitted for publication     2001.0 
high-t-low-p metamorphism in the ryoke belt of japan : consequences of ridge subduction.-geol . soc . annual meeting   seattle   washington . abs . with programs   m brown   t nakajima   
intelligent planning : a decomposition and abstraction based approach q yang   me pollack   1997.0 
dynamic fine-grained localization in ad-hoc networks of sensors a savides   b strivastava proc . acm mobicom      
macromolecules hr kricheldorf   p jahnke   
designing dbms for the temporal dimension proc acm sigmod   v lum   p dadam   r erbe   j guenauer   p pistor   g   
overview of faculty learning communities l richlin   a essington new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
