service specification and protocol construction for a layered architecture   university of maryland sl murphy md      
white christmas could become dream . computerworld.   1989.0 w brandel   
a resource for your cosmetology career   2000 edition s fundamentals    
affinity relation discovery in image database clustering and content-based retrieval 2004.0 ml shyu   sc chen   m chen   c zhang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
on the design of a distributed query processing algorithm ct yu   c chang   m templeton   d brill   e lund proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on    
integration of teaching and research : myth   reality   and possibility new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 m weimer   
imaging of layered structures in biological tissues with opto-acoustic front surface transducer proc . spie   1999.0 aa karabutov   ev savateeva   aa oraevsky   
stochastic averaging of hamiltonian systems : a direct martingale proof of a result by freidlin and r sowers   n sri namachchivaya submitted for publication    
ii   fundamentals of parallel logic simulation rj smith proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;      
national survey results on drug use from the monitoring the future study   1975-1997â ?? volume i l johnston   poâ ?? malley   j bachman md    
evaluation of a random access system with hardware simulation ( for satellite location and data 1975.0 gg delmas & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings    
distributed restoration in telecommunications networks bt technology journal   1994.0 d johnsonâ ? ¦   
an organisational perspective of inter-organisational workflows x zhao   c liu   y yang  international conference on business process management    
unpacking phonological awareness : two treatments for low-skilled kindergarten children re o'connor   jr jenkins   ta slocum unpublished manuscript      
hits and miss-es : a year watching the web www6 / computer networks   j graham-cumming  1997.0 
falcon : feedback adaptive loop for content-based retrieval t authors   c identified   
irrigation management transfer in nigeria : a case ofâ ® financial sustainability for operation   ik musa  international conference on irrigation management transfer    
the situational factors affecting teaching . ld fink 1984.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
law   theory   and geography n blomley   g clark  urban geography    
mitochondrial carbonic anhydrase in osteoclasts and two different epithelial acid-secreting cells ek karhukorpi   p lakkakorpi   n carter   s dodgson   1992.0  the histochemical journal    
stuttering measurement training jc ingham   rj ingham santa barbara   ca : university of california   santa barbara    
experimental study of propulsive efficiency of pulsed detonation r zitoun   v gamezo   c guerroud   d desbordes  proc . of the 21st int . symp . on shock waves   great keppel    
five-year multicenter retrospective review of cyclobenzaprine toxicity journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 ha spiller   ml winter   kv mann   dj borys   s muir     
groundwater fauna of the south platte river system   colorado see ref   jv ward   nj voelz   
northwest region seal and sea lion ( pinniped ) managment map of seal and sea lion trouble spots n fisheries  national marine fisheries service   seattle   washington    
atomic energy research establishment report no . tp 232 ( revised )   harwell   england ( unpublished ) phil . mag   im boswarva   ab lidiard   
anderson pw and palmer rg 1977 dj thouless phil .    
closed-loop balancing and singular perturbation : a new result 1991.0 l fortuna   g muscato   g nunnari electronic letters    
some numerical results about minimization problems involving eigenvalues e oudet to    
an integrated system for the evaluation of risk from volcanic gases at vulcano isalnd ( sicily ) m favalli   f giannini   mt pareschi   m ranci  proceedings of iamg98   isola dâ ?? ischia   naples   1998    
optimality conditions and homogenization proceedings ofâ ?? nonlinear variational problemsâ ??   isola d & hellip ;   f murat   l tartar   
unskilled and unaware of it : how difficulties in recognizing oneâ ?? s own incompetence lead to j kruger   d dunning journal of personality and social psychology   1999.0 
usage and attitude survey about credit and t & e cards athens   greece   ba agency   
sands   the feynman lectures on physics l feynman volume  
stufengerechte beurteilung und optimierung der thermischen prozesssicherheit mittels dynamischer 1998.0 a keller   
the limits of economy of material in frame structures agm michell phil . mag    
a comparison of mpi performance on different mpps m resch   h berger   t boenisch 1997.0  lecture notes in computer science    
faecal index techniques for estimating herbage consumption by grazing animals jl corbett proc . int . grassl . cong      
fast   long-lived renaming m moir   jh anderson lecture notes in computer science     1994.0 
generating a three-dimensional campus model t drury   
semantics of recursive relationships in entity-relationship model information and software technology   hk lee  1999.0 
the silent crisis : the state of rain forest nature preserves cp van schaik   j terborgh   b dugelby see kramer      
improved condition for the optimality of decentralised control for large-scale systems tc yang   n munro   
independent components analysis and computational harmonic analysis dl donoho 1998.0    
interoperating geographic information systems mf goodchildâ ? ¦ 1999.0    
co-operating mobile agents for distributed parallel processing rg hercock   jc collis   dt ndumu agents . washington . seattle    
the potential for open source software in telecommunications operational support systems gl bruce   jp wittgreffe   jmm potter   p robson 2005.0  bt technology journal    
the rufus system : information organizationforsemi-structured data   '' proceedings of the 19th vldb conference   ireland   k shoens   a luniewski   p schwarz   j stamos   j   
mmdb reloading algorithms l gruenwald   mh eich proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . management of data      
chord : a sclable peerto-peer lookup service for internet applications proc . acm i stoica   r morris   d karger   mf kaashoek   h   
simplified mass production process for 16 efficiency multi-crystalline silicon solar cells s arimoto   m nakatani   y nishimoto   h morikawa   m proc . 28th ieee pvsc   anchorage    
practical theism and pantheism : two approaches to god in the thought of william james . 1977.0 mg bradford   
integrating technology & human decisions : global bridges into the 21st century r lahdelma   p salminen   j hokkanen   dk despotis   c new technologies publications   athens      
physician-patient communication in the urban clinical setting bulletin-new york academy of medicine   dm levine  1994.0 
a vision driven automatic assembly unit : robust bin picking g bachler   m berger   r rohrer   s scherer   a pinz   
transition to adulthood in italy f ongaro transition to adulthood      
a uniqueness result concerning a robust regularized least-squares solution ah sayed   h chen  submitted for  
compiled by salley oberlin and joyce cox 1989.0 c yearbook   
umtsâ ?? the mobile part of broadband communications for the next century aj clapton   nc lobley   s dutnall   mi dando   p  bt technology journal   1998.0 
generation of neo-tendon using synthetic polymers seeded with tenocytes transplantation proceedings   y cao   jp vacanti   x ma   kt paige  1994.0 
interactive voice   facsimile and touchtone dialogues bt technology journal   1994.0 ba cross   
using classroom assessment to change both learning and teaching m steadman new directions for teaching and learning    
an evening with berferd in which a cracker is lured   endured   and studied b cheswick 1990.0  usenix proceedings   jan    
f. d'ovidio   e. gummati   and gr seem   '' analysis and evaluation of a neural network performing m alderighi expert systems and neuralnetworks   zurich   switzerland   july    
agricultural geography and the political economy approach : a review economic geography   t marsden   r munton   n ward   s whatmore  1996.0 
analyst : marketing should lead web teams . m wagner  computerworld    
characteristics of the instrumental precipitation records during the last 220 years in seoul   korea hs jung   gh lim   jh oh    
ring satellite interaction in planetary rings ( abstract only ) proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   j hanninen   h salo   j lukkari  1991.0 
essentials of business environment   2nd k aswathappa  1991.0 
imaging of turbulent mixing by laser induced fluorescence and its application to velocity and s deusch  1998.0 
how musical is man ( p. 111 ) 1973.0 j blacking   
a predicate-based caching scheme for client-server database architectures the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 am keller   j basu   
success acts for managers wm williams   rj sternberg unpublished manuscript      
the design and evaluation of web based multimedia learning resources procs . of the seventh annual conference on the teaching of & hellip ;   t boyle   l payne   
spire : a progressive content-based spatial image retrieval engine 2000.0 cs li   ld bergman   yc chang   v castelli   jr smith sigmod record    
gamma-a high performance backend database machine d dewi dewittâ ? ¦  proc . 12th vldb co @ .   kyoto   japan   aug    
seminar on deaf-blindness for interpreters for the deaf hc anderson a project report on demonstration and training of & hellip ;      
the structure of a cultural crisis : thinking about cloth in france before and after the revolution wm reddy  see appadurai    
a desk-supported computer-based interacting with paper documents w newman   p wellner proc . acm    
planning in the urban university . rw roskens   h garfinkel new directions for higher education     1977.0 
semantic heterogeneity resolution in federated databases by metadata implantation and stepwise the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 g aslan   d mcleod   
family life in the digital homeâ ?? domestic telecommunications at the end of the 20th century bt technology journal   b anderson   a mcwilliam   h lacohee   e clucas   j  1999.0 
querying object-oriented databases m kifer    
easier said than done : gender differences in perceived barriers to gaining a mentor br ragins   jl cotton the academy of management journal     1991.0 
the context interchange mediator prototype s madnick   t pena   j qu   a shum   m siegel  acm sigmod international conference on management of data    
logical introduction to databases j grant   1987.0 
weighted chinese restaurant processes and bayesian mixture models unpublished manuscript   lj brunner   at chan   lf james   ay lo   
biased procurement l rezende to    
the electrical and optical properties of amorphous carbon prepared by the glow discharge technique da anderson  phil . mag    
mu-mesonic atoms and the electromagnetic radius of the nucleus ln cooper   em henley    
correctional aids prevention program ( capp ) in new york city vjm hayes-cozier   e rautenberg   lc kayser   i solis v international conference on aids   montreal   canada   june      
technology   evaluation   and the visibility of teaching and learning new directions for teaching and learning   rj bass  2000.0 
the proteolytic enzymes of escherichia coli and their subcellular localization khs swamy   al goldberg  1980.0 
studies of voids in neutron-irradiated aluminum single crystals . pt . 1 . small-angle x-ray scattering phil . mag.   je epperson   rw hendricks   k farrell  1974.0 
the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications   acm int e rundensteiner   h kuno   y ra   v crestana-taube   m  conf . on management of data ( sigmodâ ?? 96 )    
computer lib   dream machines n ted  1987.0 
analysis of bioswale efficiency for treating surface runoff ww groves    
the effect of neutron irradiation on the elastic moduli of graphite single crystals c baker   a kelly phil . mag      
an agent-based approach to software technical report logic-91-6   stanford university logic group   mr genesereth   jm tenenbaum   
the evolution of drainage density on the wheeler ridge an active fault-bend-fold anticline   southern w dinklage paper   university of california   santa barbara      
efficient processing of interactive relational database queries expressed in logic . research paper dhd warren conference on very large    
london : a sustainable city ? i livingstone 2001.0  area    
assessment to improve student learning new directions for higher education   df brakke   dt brown  2002.0 
building the virtual organization with electronic communication electronic markets   ws remingon   r pedigo   tl fox  1998.0 
the many facets of transformative learning theory and practice v grabove new directions for adult and continuing education     1997.0 
video parsing   retrieval and browsing : an integrated and content-based solution hj zhang   cy low   sw smoliar   
control and coordination policies for systems with buffers . in 1989 acm sigmetrics performance d mitra   i mitrani  acm press   new  
classes of logics representable as kernels of measures r mayet   m navara   
predicalc : a logical spreadsheet management system 2005.0 m kassoff   lm zen   a garg   m genesereth proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;    
13 c cp/mas nmr studies of hemoprotein models with and without an axial hindered base : 13 c 1987.0 ip gerothanassis   m momenteau   pj barrie   cg acc . chem . res    
lausen . f-logic : ahigherorderlanguage forreasoningabout objects   inheritance and scheme acm sigmod international conf . on management of data   m kiferandg   
surface and coating technology k velez   jf quinson   c duret-thual   
â ?? no hairâ ?? : twenty-five years after proceedings of the second andrei d. sakharov conference in & hellip ;   jd bekenstein   
mathematical programming approaches to machine learning and data mining ps bradley  1998.0 
domesticating a crisis : washington newsbeats   human interest stories   and international news in the t cook  science research council . seattle   washington    
a. defanti   t. 1993 . surround-screen projection-based virtual reality : the design and implementation proceedings of acm c cruz-neira   dj sandin   
far-field optical microscopy of single metal nanoparticles . ma van dijk   m lippitz   m orrit acc . chem . res   2005.0    
analysis and design : critical ... yet complicated analysis and design have increased in both 2001.0 l gates application development trends    
the island fox ; a field study of its behavior and ecology : unpublished ph. d 1977.0 ll laughrin   
sondex/ozex campaigns of dual ozonesondes flights : report on the data analysis r stã 1/4 bi 2002.0    
the semantic data model : a modelling mechanism for data base applications m hammer   d mcleod   
resources in human-computer interaction ea fox  1990.0 
electronic ballast improves efficiency electronic consultant   r verderber   
the myth of regionalisation in europe-rhetoric and reality of an ambivalent concept a grasse journal of european area studies   2001.0    
towards a semantic view of an extended entity-relationship model u hohenstein   m gogolla  acm transactions on database systems    
the use of 3 he tubes in a neutron monitor latitude survey r pyle   p evenson   jw bieber   jm clem   je humble   proc . of the 26th int . cosmic ray conf.   salt lake city    
reinterpreting the category utility function b mirkin 2001.0  machine learning    
xmdvtool : visual interactive data exploration and trend discovery of high-dimensional data sets sigmod conference   2002.0 ea rundensteiner   mo ward   j yang   pr doshi   
information integration : the momis project demonstration d beneventano   s bergamaschi   s castano   a corni   
new materials and methods for permanent teaching displays . cc gilson 1978.0  j audiov media med    
barbiturates for acute traumatic brain injury i roberts cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
generation of interactive multi-level video summaries 2003.0 f shipman   a girgensohn   l wilcox proceedings of acm  
the social construction of international food : a new research agenda a arce   tk marsden economic geography   1993.0 
key-schedule cryptanalysis of idea   g-des   gost   safer   and triple-des j kelsey   b schneier   d wagner 1996.0  lecture notes in computer science    
analysis of interacting bpel web services x fu   t bultan   j su   
grumbach . arule-based languagewithfunctions and sets acm trans . on database s abiteboul ands   
australia in transition : cultural diversification and geopolitical reorientation b chalkley   h winchester  geography    
chen p. p   '' the entity-relationship model-toward a unified view of data pp chen  acm transactions on database systems    
coherence semantics for non-commutative linear logic and ambiguity in natural language vm abrusci  technical report   universitã di roma tre   1997 . talk at the  
responses of ia and spindle group ii afferents to single muscle unit contractions proc . int . union physiol . sci   md binder   dg stuart   
consistency   concurrency   and crash recovery ye lien   pj weinberger  proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference  
ecology and classification of north american freshwater invertebrates . ( 2nd edn . ) academic press jh thorp   a covich san diego      
synthesis of metastable a-15 superconducting compounds by ion implantation and electron-beam 1982.0 mt clapp technical progress report massachusetts univ.   amherst . dept & hellip ;    
finite element modeling of radio-frequency cardiac and hepatic ablation s tungjitkusolmun  2000.0 
living together : rationality   sociality   and obligation . lanham m gilbert  md    
magicbook : transition between reality and virtuality m billinghurst   h kato   i poupyrev 2001.0    
usability testing : is the whole test greater than the sum of its parts ayk wong   am donkers   rf dillon   jw tombaugh proceedings of acm    
algorithmic aspects of multiversion concurrency control proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   t hadzilacos   ch papadimitriou  1985.0 
in vivo and in vitro assessment of chloroquine-resistant plasmodium falciparum malaria in zanzibar lancet i   ik schwartz   d payne   cc campbell   oj khatib  1983.0 
a logical framework for scheduling workflows under resource allocation constraints p senkul   m kifer   ih toroslu vldb   2002.0 
fatal pancreatitis as a complication of therapy for hiv infection mt pelucio   t rothenhaus   m smith   dj ward journal of emergency medicine   1995.0    
the parallel complexity of simple chain queries f afrati   c papadimitriou proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1987.0    
improving tcp performance over mobile ad-hoc networks with out-of-order detection and response f wang   y zhang    
kernel extrapolation   2005 s vishwanathan   o guttman   km borgwardt   a smola unpublished  
type classification of semi-structured documents m tresch   n palmer   a luniewski  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
physical model study on two-phase cascade flow . rm boes   
ta supervision j sprague   jd nyquist new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0    
st/impfli r ( 1968 ) action potentials and voltage clamp currents of single rat ranvier nodes m horfickova   w nonner proc int union physiol  
new urbanism and the culture of criticism 2000.0 e talen urban geography    
virtuosi-virtual reality support for groupworking bt technology journal   1994.0 as rogers   
ai o 5 bo loo qw nj n wq    
use of policy management to achieve flexibility in the delivery of network-centric ict solutions bt technology journal   mp dames   ma fisher   jp wittgreffe  2005.0 
the use of coads ship observations in cloud climatologies cj hahn   sg warren   j london    
disk scheduling for mixed-media workloads in multimedia servers proc . sixth acm multimedia conf   y rompoyannakis   g nerjes   p muth   m paterakis   p   
indexing   browsing   and searching of digital video and digital audio information af smeaton 2001.0  lecture notes in computer science    
unpacking the semantics of source and usage to perform semantic reconciliation in large-scale k smith   l obrst sigmod record   1999.0 
optimal tracking with previewed commands me halpern & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;     1991.0 
effect of î ³ radiation on crystalline materials irradiated in a reactor va nikolaenko   vi karpukhin   vg gordeev at .  
mechanical vibration and shock measurements . 2nd edition 1st impression   bruel & kjaer   1980 jt broch    
the retinotopic organization of the visual cortex in the cat see . neurosc   rj tusa   la palmer   ac rosenquist   
negatively correlated neural networks can produce best ensembles y liu   x yao & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems    
influence of air velocity and heat acclimation on human skin wettedness and sweating efficiency v candas   jp libert   jj vogt    
virtual reality technology g burdea   p coiffet    
sp ; s version 4 ) 0   ; ser1s guide ms inc mathsoft   inc. seattle      
geometric inequalities jd burago   va zalgaller   1988.0 
revised : may 2004 md   pc office  1971.0 
telephony in the year 2005 1999.0 j rinde   
determination of threshold stress intensity factor without the astm testing b farahmand  boeing technical excellent conference   seattle   washington   & hellip ;    
geographic structure of genetic variation of populations of genus albinaria in the region of the a ayoutanti  1994.0 
mobile agent based service subscription and customization using the umts virtual home environment l hagen   j mauersberger   c weckerle computer networks   1999.0 
crash analyses and design of a belt integrated seat for occupant safety ys park   gj park proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;     2001.0 
distribution and abundance of fishes and invertebrates in gulf of mexico estuaries   volume i : data md   dm nelson   
a dynamic efficiency model using data envelopment analysis j sengupta    
myth and reality in the origin of american economic geography jd fellmann geography   1906.0    
a complete regulatory loop between the immune and neuroendocrine systems fed proc   1985.0 je blalock   em smith   
an approach to object sharing in distributed datbase systems vldb   1983.0 p lyngbaek   d mcleod   
a service learning research agenda for the next five years new directions for teaching and learning   de giles jr   j eyler  1998.0 
particleboard with different content of releasable formaldehyde : a comparison of the board b sundin  proc 21st int particleboard symp   washington    
privacy and security of data communications and data bases vldb surveys   1978.0 dk hsiao   ds kerr   se madnick   
airway compromise and delayed death following attempted central vein injection of propylhexedrine journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 j perez   bt burton   jg mcgirr   
wb vearson jp jan   wb pearson phil . mag      
social justice   sexuality   and the city 1994.0 l knopp urban geography    
westlake and irvine   california : paradigms for the 21 st century ? dg kane  1996.0 
planimetry study of the percent of body surface represented by the hand and palm : sizing irregular r sheridan   l petra   g basha 1996.0  journal of emergency medicine    
ultrastructural cytochemical properties of elastinassociated microfibrils and their relation to t baba   m takagi   a kagami   h hishikawa   y 1988.0  the histochemical journal    
cj & whelan   mj ( 1977 ) phil . mag   p rez   cj humphreys   
library use and the development of critical thought . sh plum  new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 
heavily doped semiconductors f vi  1969.0 
azimuthal surface modes of magnetoactive plasma waveguides radiotekhnika i elektronika   1988.0 va girka   ia girka   an kondratenko   vi tkachenko   
graph-based ranking algorithms for e-mail expertise analysis b dom   i eiron   a cozzi   y zhang   
heuristics for social interactions : how to generate trust and fairness j rieskamp   g gigerenzer submitted for publication    
optimizing etl processes in data warehouses 2005.0 a simitsis   p vassiliadis   t sellis proc . of the 21st intâ ?? l conf . on data engineering ( icde )    
causal ambiguity   barriers to imitation   and sustainable competitive advantage 1990.0 r reed   rj defillippi the academy of management review    
distribution of a product by several properties e shell directorate of management analysis   procs . 2nd . symposium in & hellip ;      
monitoring juvenile chinook salmon migration routes with acoustic tags in the forebay of rocky tw steig   jh horchik   ma timko inc.   seattle   washington    
preparing advanced coal-based power systems for the 21st century at the power systems development proceedings of the 23rd international technical conference & hellip ;   jr longanbach   
coupled peeling-ballooning modes : a model for elms and the temperature pedestal ? hr wilsonâ ? ¦    
koda - the architecture and interface of a data model independent kernel g arun   a joshi proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
the siren music/sound package for squeak smalltalk st pope   
educational brokerage using standardized metadata and software interfaces l anido   j rodrãguez   m fernã ¡ ndez   m caeiro   j procs . of the uicee 2001 conference ( 2001 )    
curves with finite turn j duda   
the relation between perception and behavior   or how to win a game of trivial pursuit journal of personality and social psychology   a dijksterhuis   a van knippenberg  1998.0 
academic press j cavanagh   wj fairbrother   ag palmer   nj skelton inc.   san diego    
efficient incremental evaluation of aggregate values in attribute grammars r hoover   t teitelbaum   
mean-field approaches . experimentally   both membrane dl chapman phil . mag      
wiley : new york   1985 nm bikales   cg overberger   g menges vol .  
predictive and adaptive reservation for handoffs in qos-sensitive cellular networks s choi   kg shin proceedings of acm    
the process of academic governance and the painful choices of the 1980 s. new directions for higher education   1984.0 kp mortimer   ac caruso   
the many facets of transformative learning theory and practice.â ? in transformative learning in v grabov new directions for adult and continuing education  
a raster approximation for processing of polyline joins g zimbrã # o   jm de souza   rs monteiro   lg azevedo   
integral gps-galileo ambiguity resolution c tiberius   t pany   b eissfeller   k de jong   p enc-gnss 2002 proceedings   2002.0    
surgical management of colorectal cancer i kanellos   e zacharakis   h demetriades   d betsis medimond int proc    
private correspondence : the performance properties of modern disk drives ibm almaden research center   j palmer   
optimality theory of databases d kung   c papadimitriou proceedings of acm-sigmod 1981 international conference on & hellip ;      
theoretical and practical tools for data base design jl hainaut vldb   1981.0    
molecule-oriented programming in java 2002.0 ja bergstra information & software technology    
scale and detail in the cognition of geographic information dr montello   rg golledge  & hellip ; of california   santa barbara   santa barbara   california . & hellip ;    
on the correctness of representing extended entity-relationship structures in the relational model vm markowitz   a shoshani    
direct parsing of schema tree adjoining grammars k harbusch   j woch  procs . of the sixth international workshop on parsing & hellip ;    
threshold ring signatures and applications to ad-hoc groups e bresson   j stern   m szydlo lecture notes in computer science     2002.0 
attacking the asokanâ ?? ginzboorg protocol for key distribution in an ad-hoc bluetooth network using g steel   a bundy   m maidl    
the context interchange network prototype am daruwala   
terrain mapping of radar satellite images rd paget   d longsta electronic imaging    
ranking world cities : multinational corporations and the global urban hierarchy bj godfrey   y zhou urban geography   1999.0    
determination of cr by gfaas with ca and mg as matrix modifier b gong   y liu  at . spectrosc    
object-oriented geographic information system shell s roberts information and software technology     1993.0 
rat : representation of actions using terminological logics j heinsohn   d kudenko   b nebel   hj protlich  & hellip ; on taxonomic reasoning | proceedings   number d-92-08 in dfki & hellip ;    
structural factors affecting the location and timing of urban underclass growth j kasarda urban geography      
paulo p freire shor   i    
context interchange mediator prototype c brannon   s bressan   ch goh   k fynn   m jakobisiak  sigmod rec   1997.0 
university of maryland   code 923   greenbelt j morisette   n gsfc   
kinematic bifurcations in the simulation of deployable structures iass-iacm   isasr   athens   greece   p kumar   s pellegrino   
isbn 0 wiley w wiley   
an efficient protocol for anonymous and fair document exchange computer networks   2003.0 n zhang   q shi   m merabti   
structure of methyl 2 - ( nitrooxy ) ethyl 1   4-dihydro-2   6-dimethyl-4 - ( 3-nitrophenyl ) -3   5 - t ogawa   k matsumoto   c yokoo acc . chem .  
handbook of variety testing : growth chamber   greenhouse testing procedures   variety identification 1993.0 rc payne   
teaching and learning : 2000 ad new directions for higher education   1975.0 hr bowen   
the transport of sediments in the lower fox river jz gailani 1991.0    
reduced cover-trees and their application in the sabre access path model k karlsson vldb     1981.0 
on the design of a distributed query processing strategy c yu   c chang   m templeton   d brill   e lund proc . of the acm sigmod conf.   may      
the financial resilience of american colleges and universities . c frances 1982.0  new directions for higher education    
kinetics of gas hydrates formation and tests of efficiency of kinetic inhibitors : experimental and annals-new york academy of sciences   jp monfort   l jussaume   t el hafaia   jp canselier  2000.0 
edge dislocations dissociated in { 112 } planes and twinning mechanism of bcc metals phil . mag   k ogawa   
distance learning and service-learning in the accelerated format em burton new directions for adult and continuing education     2003.0 
database description with sdm : a semantic data model m hammer   d mcleod  acm transactions on database systems    
fast planning via planning graph analysis a blum   m furst procs . of  
algorithms for scheduling imprecise computations wsl jane   kj lin   wk shih   acs yu   c chung   j yao    ieee computer    
in global positioning system : theory and applications jj spilker jr   gpss structure   t performance  volume i    
patterns of knowledge generating networks ' ieeexplore.ieee.org   
shortcomings of research on evaluating and improving teaching in higher education r menges new directions for teaching and learning     2000.0 
a predicate-based caching scheme for client-server database architectures   the vldb journal am keller   j basu   
342/hr 759 . s. 342 was later referred to the senate on environment and public works   while hr 759 s see    
effective & efficient document ranking without using a large lexicon y ogawa  proceedings of the 22th international conference on very & hellip ;   1996.0 
integration of geographic information systems and simulation model for watershed management environmental modelling & software   2003.0 c he   
operations data bases j bradley vldb   1978.0 
how does academic achievement come about : cross-cultural and methodological notes je nurmi   k aunola 2001.0  international journal of educational research    
localizer : a modeling language for local search lecture notes in computer science   l michel   p van hentenryck  1997.0 
f-logic : a higher-order language for reasoning about objects   inheritance and scheme proc . acm m kifer   g lausen conference on management of  
pos disambiguation and partial parsing : bidirectional interaction proceedings of lrec { 2000   athens   greece   m marimon   p porta   
the use of financial self-assessment in the accreditation process . 1982.0 wt haywood new directions for higher education    
p-karaoke : personalized karaoke system hua xian-sheng   l lu   hj zhang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0    
how infants begin to extract words from speech pw jusczyk   
database research at the university of oklahoma sigmod record   lb le gruenwald   r dirckze   s guinepain   c sanchez  1999.0 
a research-across-the-curriculum movement mr malachowski new directions for teaching and learning   2003.0 
the sequoia 2000 storage benchmark m stonebraker   j frew   k gardels   j meredith  sigmod record   1993.0 
the neuronal system of the saccus vasculosus of trout ( salmo trutta fario and oncorhynchus mykiss ) : cell and tissue research   1997.0 j yã ¡ ã ± ez   m rodrãguez   s pã © rez   f adrio   i   
pedagogy of the oppressed p freire    
estimating the selectivity of xml path expressions for internet scale applications pj masche   s presentation   
study of the fundamentals mechanisms of convective cooling in electronic components o leon   g de mey   e dick  proceedings of the 2 ndph . d. symposium   university of  
a taxonomy oftime in databases rt snodgrass   i ahn acm sigmod international conference on the management of  
dynamic assembly of views in data cubes jr smith   v castelli   a jhingran   cs li   
scheduling mpeg-compressed video streams with firm deadline constraints 1995.0 cc han   kg shin proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;    
three common presentations of ascariasis infection in an urban emergency department cc valentine   rj hoffner   so henderson journal of emergency medicine     2001.0 
diversity in required writing courses new directions for teaching and learning   ms curtis   aj herrington  1993.0 
engineering a library of reusable conceptual components s castano   v de antonellis information and software technology     1997.0 
hobby-eberly telescope low-resolution spectrograph 1998.0 gj hill   he nicklas   pj macqueen   c tejada   fj proc . spie    
queries are easier than you thought ( probably ) s abiteboul   k compton   v vianu   
feto-maternal concentrations of levobupivacaine and bupivacaine following epidural infusion for g mcleod   l donaldson   p convery   d bogod   r  & hellip ; world congress anaesthesiologists   montreal   canada   june    
an experimental evaluation of crash recovery machanisms j kent   h garcia-molina   j chung  proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
software-engineering education in the 21st century d andrews  information and software  
o2   an object oriented data model . in proc acm sigmod   c lecluseâ ? ¦   
web grammars jl pfalz   a rosenfeld procs of 1st international joint conference on  
e-diesel report demonstration test in denmark/akzo nobel surface chemistry u lã ¶ fvenberg   
toward an analysis of the role of gay communities in the urban renaissance m lauria   l knopp  urban geography    
an integrated enrollment management system . new directions for higher education   1986.0 ma claffey   d hossler   
rural tourism and marketing : synthesis and new ways of working d gilbert tourism management      
the human factors of speech-based interfaces : a research agenda jh bradford acm sigchi bulletin   1995.0    
from browsing to interacting : dbms support for responsive websites proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   r ramakrishnan  2000.0 
heraclitus : elevating deltas to be first-class citizens in a database programming language c damerell   d giddings   b kisielewski   g lutz   g 1996.0  acm transactions on database systems    
satellite crosspolar measurements at bt laboratories . rg howell   jw harris   m mehler bt technology journal   1992.0 
performance = motivation x ability : an integration-theoretical analysis . 1974.0 nh anderson   ca butzin journal of personality and social psychology    
assortative mating in genetic algorithms for vector quantization problems c fernandes   r tavares   c munteanu   a rosa proc . acm sac    
video browsing using brightness data k otsuji   y tonomura   y ohba proc  
methods of modern mathematical physics   i : functional analysis ( revised and enlarged edition ) m reed   b simon san diego      
umform techniques for loop optimization   in proceedings of the acm international conference on w pugh  1991.0 
fractal telecommunications networks s appleby bt technology journal     1994.0 
logic based modeling and analysis of workflows h davulcu   m kifer   cr ramakrishnan   iv    
enduring issues in religion l john 1995.0    
an information quality management framework for cooperative information systems p missier   c batini   
improving the precision of a closed-domain question-answering system with semantic information h doan-nguyen   l kosseim    
compound semiconductor device physics academic press s tiwari san diego      
a general linear time evaluator for attribute grammars f jalili acm sigplan notices   1983.0    
social stigma : the affective consequences of attributional ambiguity j crocker   k voelkl   m testa   b major journal of personality and social psychology    
a stro-ph/9906504 p gorham   k liewer   c naudet and proc . 26th int . cr conf.   salt lake city   utah   aug    
information integration : the momis project demonstration s bergamaschi   s castano   a corni   r guidetti   g 26th vldb : int . conf . on very large    
the limits of local initiatives : a reassessment of urban entrepreneurialism for urban development h leitner   m garner 1993.0  urban geography    
contraction conditions for average and-discounted optimality in countable state markov games with submitted to mor   e altman   a hordijk   fm spieksma   
on the solution of a finite element approximation of a linear obstacle plate problem lm fernandes   in figueiredo   jj judice   
environmental control of the synthesis and activity of aquatic microbial ectoenzymes rj chrã ³ st 1991.0  microbial enzymes in aquatic environments    
nulls in relational databases : revised r kocharekar acm sigmod record     1989.0 
basic fibroblast growth factor ( fgf-2 ) expression is increased in human renal fibrogenesis and may f strutz   m zeisberg   m dietrichâ ? ¦   1998.0 
matching creativity requirements and the work environment : effects on satisfaction and intentions to ce shalley   ll gilson   tc blum 2000.0  academy of management journal    
target-identical rapid control prototyping platform for model-based engine control w lee   m shin   m sunwoo proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2004.0    
knowledge interchange format   version 3 reference manual   1992   computer science department mr genesereth   re fikes stanford university   technical report logic-91-1 . ( http://www-ksl  
dealing with data in democratic classrooms . d whitin social studies and the young learner     1993.0 
real-time concurrent collection on stock multiprocessors aw appel   jr ellis   k li   
non-technical issues in network design-economic   legal   social and other considerations ieee computer   ph enslow jr   
urban analysis and the computer : a strategic approach for urban policy analysis sj bernstein proc . acm urban syrup    
how would i feel if ... ? mood as input to a role fulfillment evaluation process ll martin   t abend   c sedikides   jd green  journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?analysis of low density codes and improved designs using irregular graphs   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in mg luby   m mitzenmacher   ma shokrollahi   da  proc . acm symp    
computer documentation for senior citizens s tilley    
beclomethasone for asthma in children : effects on linear growth pj sharek   da bergman cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
influence of the intermediate principal stress on mechanical properties of a sand s ogawa   s mitsui   o takemure proc . 29th annual meeting of jsce   part    
towards a unification of topic constructions . e raposo manuscript   university of california   santa barbara      
optimization of mixed-media communication networks computer networks   k maruyama   
incremental maximization of non-instance-averaging utility functions with applications to knowledge   s wrobel   
the design of a cots real-time distributed security kernel m correia   p verissimo   nf neves lecture notes in computer science     2002.0 
fingerprinting and forensic analysis of multimedia proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   d schonberg   d kirovski  2004.0 
fast lossy internet image transmission jm danskin   gm davis   x song    
alkylated metal compounds mimic signal molecules : the induction of programmed cell death via hf krug   p herrlich   
assessment of general learning : state university of new york college at fredonia jr hurtgen  new directions for higher education   1997.0 
intravenous or enteral loop diuretics for preterm infants with ( or developing ) chronic lung disease lp brion   ra primhak cochrane database syst rev   2002.0    
the sequoia storage benchmark m stonebraker   j frew   k gardels   j meredith acm sigmod international conference on management of    
species number   stability   and equilibrium status of reptile faunas on the california islands ba wilcox  the california islands : proceedings of a multidisciplinary & hellip ;   1980.0 
induction of apoptotic cell death by 1   25 ( oh ) 2 d 3 in mcf-7 breast cancer cells proceedings of the ninth workshop on vitamin d. walter de - & hellip ;   j welsh   m simboli-campbell   m tenniswood   
modelling events in database applications design v de antonellis   b zonta proceedings of the 7th vldb    
literature study for geographic literacy : grades 3 to 6 . social studies and the young learner   1990.0 rf allen   jd hoge   
glutamine : a major energy source for cultured mammalian cells hr zielke   cl zielke   pt ozand fed proc   1984.0    
seismic safety policy in california : local governments and earthquakes aj wyner   de mann 1983.0    
formal methods for communication services : meeting the industry expectations f dietrich   jp hubaux computer networks   2002.0    
on the equilibrium of vapour at a curved surface of liquid w thomson phil . mag      
studies of voids in neutron-irradiated aluminum single crystals . pt . 2 . small-angle neutron phil . mag.   1974.0 rw hendricks   j schelten   w schmatz   
database systems : achievements and opportunities into the 21st century a silberschatz   m stonebraker   j ullman sigmod record      
pronunciation ambiguity vs pronunciation variability in speech recognition m saraglar   s khudanpur    
database research at arizona state university 1996.0 sd urban   sw dietrich   f golshani sigmod record    
susceptibility of nun moth ( lymantria monacha l. ) larvae to insecticides h malinowski  & hellip ; of international conference ; integrated management of & hellip ;    
mycology guidebook   2nd print rb stevens 1981.0    
glycosaminoglycans in human gallbladder basement membrane : nature and quantitative changes in ka hussein   g milne   d hopwood the histochemical journal   1988.0 
67   co-sponsored by senators abourezk and hatfield   was sent to the judiciary subcommittee on the sj resolution    
origin and differentiation of the island fox : a study of evolution in insular populations pw collins   1982.0 
area distributions in porous substances i : p volume   
a shrinking-based approach for multi-dimensional data analysis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 y shi   y song   a zhang   
process control and scheduling issues on a network of multiprocessors a tucker   a gupta proc . 12th acm symp . operating system principles    
smallconnection : designing of tangible communication media over networks h ogawa   n ando   s onodera  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
analysis of the efficiency of iodine carbon adsorbers in special ventillation systems in nuclear vg kritskii   ni ampelogova   vi lebedev   sm kovalev at .    
stochastic consistency   and scalable pull-based caching for erratic data stream sources s zhu   cv ravishankar proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
tennessee   and wisconsin were early data mandating states p arizona   
2nd ed.   john hopkins university press   baltimore gh goltb   ce van loan md      
lanham boon thau loo scott shenker _ ion stoica   querying the internet with pier rhjmh nick proceedings of the 29th vldb conference   berlin   germany    
theory and applications of phase-locked loop r best at  
preparation of fox valley technical college faculty for multicultural education 2000.0 gk grimm   
the crystal structure of metallic arsenic phil . mag   aj bradley   
disambiguation filters for scannerless generalized lr parsers 2002.0 mgj van den brand   j scheerder   jj vinju   e visser lecture notes in computer science    
average properties of energetic ions in different parts of the cusp/cleft region ( abstract only ) k mursula   g kremser   b wilken 1991.0  proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;    
p. marron the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications proc . of the acm sigmod international conference on e rundensteiner   h kuno   y ra   v crestana-taube   m   
user-level network interface protocols fb ra   t rubl   he bal ieee computer    
representing and querying xml with incomplete information s abiteboul   l segoufin   v vianu    
tcp vegas and wan emulator proc . of acm sigcomm   j ahn   pb danzig   z liu   e yan   
effective change detection using sampling ( extended version ) j cho   a ntoulas technical report   ucla computer science department      
the company earned usd11   039 in securities lending income for the year ended 31 december 2003 sl income  as at    
lifting as we climb : networks for minority women . mb wilkerson  new directions for higher education   1983.0 
chem . 1992   13   1171â ± 1183 ; a. gavezzotti hr karfunkel   rj gdanitz   j comput acc . chem . res    
antecedents to distance education and continuing education : time to fix them md froke new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0 
optimistic methods for concurrency control in distributed database systems g schlageter  vldb    
generating user interface prototypes from scenarios m elkoutbi   i khriss   rk keller    
caterpillar to launch satellite video conferencing system computerworld   j cope   
on the uniform word problem for commutative context-free grammars submitted for publication   j esparza   
something old   something new : adult learning theory for the twenty-first century new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 sb merriam   
fundamentals of acoustics le kinsler   ar frey   
a method for the unification of xml schemata 2002.0 m rds   s castano   ca heuser information and software technology    
responses to different quantum flux densities o bjã ¶ rkmanâ ? ¦ encyclopedia of plant physiology   1981.0    
a case of urachal remnant presenting as acute abdominal pain-a rare cause of peritonitis in children 1999.0 s schlaishunt   j rubin journal of emergency medicine    
propertius 4.9 and the toils of historicism . m fox md    
the beginnings of urban ambulance service in the united states and england . journal of emergency medicine   js haller jr  1990.0 
trex : dtd-conforming xml to xml transformations a zhou   q wang   z guo   x gong   s zheng   h wu   j   
different patterns of fore-hindlimb coordination during overground locomotion in cats with ventral experimental brain research   1995.0 t bem   t gã ³ rska   h majczyå?ski   w zmyså?owski   
research into lightning-related incidents in shallow south african coal mines proc . 21st int . conf . safety in mines research hj geldenhuys   aj eriksson   wb jackson   jb raath   
cleavage of metal single crystals phil . mag   an stroh   
saltillo   1770-1810 : town and region in the mexican north . tucson : university of arizona press ls offutt geography    
ambiguity representation and resolution in spoken dialogue systems e ammicht   a potamianos   e fosler-lussier   
the sequoia 2000 benchmark m stonebraker   j frew   k gardels   j meredith sigmod conference    
shared interactive video for teleconferencing proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 c liao   q liu   d kimber   p chiu   j foote   l wilcox   
writing teaching assessment questions for precision and reflection wl rando new directions for teaching and learning     2001.0 
an efficient and cost-effective technique for browsing   querying and indexing large video databases acm sigmod   dallas   tx   may   j oh   ka hua   
analysis of the difficulties of proof c nakanishi the teaching of demonstration in geometry . tokyo : meiji & hellip ;      
single and loving it : must-alias analysis for higher-order languages . in 25 thpopl s jagannathan   p thiemann   s weeks   ak wright san diego   ca    
the data dictionary facilities of ndb . gch sharman   n winterbottom  vldb    
evaluation of dutch health council guidelines on preoperative evaluation wa van klei   kgm moons   b lo   jta knape   de   
a fast mpeg video encryption algorithm c shi   bk bhargava   
w   halperin bi and varma cm 1972 p anderson phil .  
airborne stepped frequency microwave radiometer measurements of rainfall rate and surface wind speed 1984.0 pg black   cl swift conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;    
the geometry of graphs and some of its algorithmic applications n linial   e london   y rabinovich combinatorica   1995.0    
concurrent programming : the java programming language sj hartley  1998.0 
random testing revisited . ps loo   wk tsai 1988.0  information and software technology    
equation for loop bound in quantitative feedback theory   cw chen    
wc mc quarrie proc . roy soc   114   15 ( 1927 ) ; jc mc lennan   ih mc leod and r. ruedy jc mclennan   jh mcleod phil . mag    
custom solutions for complex networks 2000.0 gm whalley   dj newson   k linsell   mj palmer bt technology journal    
distributed processing over stand-alone systems and applications 1997.0 g alonso   c hagen   hj schek   m tresch vldb    
california bill would put cap on year 2000 damages t hoffman  computerworld    
solving the load flow problem using grobner basis a montes   j castro 1995.0  acm sigsam bulletin    
integrated communication system performance iccc   seattle   d maiwald   hr muller   hr rudin   c west   
demonstration of the context interchange mediator prototype s bressan   ch goh   k fynn   m jakobisiak   k hussein    
meiotic behaviours of chromosomes and microtubules in budding yeast : relocalization of centromeres 1998.0 a hayashi   h ogawa   k kohno   sm gasser   y hiraoka genes to cells    
stages of faculty development . n ralph 1973.0  new directions for higher education    
automatic measurement of quality metrics for colonoscopy videos s hwang   jh oh   jk lee   y cao   w tavanapong   d liu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0    
the impact of freshman year academic success on student persistence and bachelorâ ?? s degree b xiao & hellip ; for institutional research annual forum   seattle   washington    
the independent factor analysis approach to latent variable modeling 2004.0 a montanari   c viroli   
the united states pharmacopoeia convention inc.   rockville md   us pharmacopoeia   
out-of-core tensor approximation of multi-dimensional matrices of visual data proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 h wang   q wu   l shi   y yu   n ahuja   
modularity and efficiency in protocol implementation . request for comments 817 dd clark 1982.0    
an improved method for the indexing of software information and software technology   s lambert   y saintigny   f delacote   f amiot   b  1999.0 
microstructured optical fibers : why use polymers m large   a argyros   g barton   i bassett   f cox   m    
footstrike patterns during running over obstacles of different heights sd scholten   n stergiou   j houser   d blanke proceedings of the 23rd meeting of the american society of & hellip ;      
different regimes in the ehrlich-schwoebel instability p politi j. phys . i france   1997.0 
a 3 2-approximation algorithm for independent scheduling malleable tasks g mounie   c rapine   d trystram submitted for publication      
defining collaborative partnerships 1998.0 im saltiel new directions for adult and continuing education    
qos control for optimality and safety proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   j combaz   jc fernandez   t lepley   j sifakis  2005.0 
the antebellum south : fifth graders ' understanding of history dp cox  social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
fiber structure formation in high-speed melt spinning of sheath-core type bicomponent fibers t kikutani   s arikawa   a takaku   n okui 1995.0  fiber    
bone morphogenetic proteins principles of bone biology   1996.0 v rosen   k cox   g hattersley   
a predicate-based caching scheme for client-server database architectures   '' third intl am keller   j basu conference on parallel and distributed information systems   & hellip ;      
interventions to improve compliance with continuous positive airway pressure for obstructive sleep m haniffa   tj lasserson   i smith cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
the limits of economy of material in framestructures phil . mag   agm miehell   
sons   2001 j wiley    
microporous mesoporous mater ar silva   c freire   b de castro   jl figueiredo  submitted for  
propagation over irregular terrain radioengineering-prague -   v schejbal  1997.0 
3d photography on your desk ieee int jy bouguet   p perona conf . on computer vision ( bombay   india   04â ?? 07 jan    
wireless local loop radio systems n cotanis   b jabbari computer networks      
how faithfully should the electronic office simulate the real one j johnson acm sigchi bulletin   1987.0    
mcleod . database descriptionwithsdm : asemantic database model mm hammer  acm transactions on database systems    
international scoring system for evaluating prognosis in myelodysplastic syndromes blood-new york -   1997.0 p greenberg   c cox   mm lebeau   p fenaux   p morel     
a controlled experiment on the understandability of different requirements specification styles e kamsties   a von knethen   r reussner procs of  
telecommunications and higher education : in search of a public policy . mb goldstein new directions for higher education   1983.0 
a unified framework for semantics and feature based relevance feedback in image retrieval systems y lu   c hu   x zhu   hj zhang   q yang   
pier : using interactive multimedia m nilsson   u nulden submitted for publication    
on the precision measurement of air velocity by means of the linear hot-wire anemometer phil . mag   lv king   
a 140 ghz   1.5 mw   te 28   16-coaxial cavity gyrotron b pioscyzk   o braz   g dammertz   ct iatrou   s kern    proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves   & hellip ;    
kv   and narayanaswamy   k. information modelling for cad/vlsi d mcleod   rao bapa proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
security for daml web services : annotation and matchmaking g denker   l kagal   t finin   m paolucci   k sycara lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
the dimensionality of self-esteem : ii . hierarchical facet model for revised measurement scales js fleming   be courtney journal of personality and social psychology    
emmanuelwalker . methods and rules proceedings of the acm sigmod s abiteboul   g lausen   h upho   
evaluation strategies for statistical query processing wk ng   cv ravishankar submitted for publication    
vaginal pessary-induced mechanical bowel obstruction rj roberge   c keller   m garfinkel 2001.0  journal of emergency medicine    
choosing celebrity endorsers ar miciak   wl shanklin marketing management    
corticosteroids for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis cochrane database syst rev   l richeldi   hr davies   g ferrara   f franco  2003.0 
tracking stocks ra robinson computerworld    
pharmacologic management of hypertensive crisis in the emergency department jj foley  journal of emergency nursing   1994.0 
the wellington formation in oklahoma 1946.0 go raasch   
james wu . a logic for object-oriented logic programming m kifer proc . acm sigact-sigmod symp . on principles of database  
how many errors remain in a software after insepction ? sg eick   cr loader   md long   sa vander wiel   lg  proceedings of the 25 thsymposium on the  
the denodo data integration platform a pan   j raposo   m alvarez   p montoto   v orjales   vldb     2002.0 
socialization of teaching assistants 1989.0 aq staton   al darling new directions for teaching and learning    
silicon flow sensors bw van oudheusden   
dealing with roles m fowler proceedings of  
anti-leukotriene agents compared to inhaled corticosteroids in the management of recurrent and/or cochrane database syst rev   fm ducharme   gc hicks  2002.0 
selberg trace formula for psl ( 2   r ) : volume 2 da hejhal  1983.0 
managers as initiators of trust : an exchange relationship framework for understanding managerial em whitener   se brodt   ma korsgaard   jm werner the academy of management review   1998.0 
report on the ifcifoundation : 8 thannual risk management roundtable p blum 2002.0    
exercise to improve self-esteem in children and young people cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 e ekeland   f heian   kb hagen   j abbott   l nordheim   
a remote control interface for large displays a khan   g fitzmaurice   d almeida   n burtnyk   g proceedings of acm uist symposium   2004.0 
the logical framework method for defining project success d baccarini project management journal   1999.0 
vaginal misoprostol for cervical ripening and induction of labour gj hofmeyr   am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
on the efficiency of multicast submitted for r van der hofstad   g hooghiemstra   p van mieghem   
bulking agents   antispasmodic and antidepressant medication for the treatment of irritable bowel ao quartero   v meineche-schmidt   j muris   g rubin   2005.0  cochrane database syst rev    
a method for defining information structures and transactions in conceptual schema design vldb   1981.0 h sakai   
flowcharting by stepwise refinement o ferstl acm sigplan notices   1978.0 
utility of the creatinine prior to intravenous contrast studies in the emergency department jc olsen   b salomon 1996.0  journal of emergency medicine    
a geometric model for the thermodynamics of simple materials m dolfin   m francaviglia   p rogolino   
aids in the elderly : new york city vital statistics 1996.0 tj gaeta   c lapolla   e melendez journal of emergency medicine    
the large deflection of simply supported beams hd conway phil . mag    
12   389â ± 395 ; f ) s. anderson   hl anderson   jkm sanders dhbji phenom acc . chem . res    
implementation and modeling of two-phase locking concurrency control - a performance study 2000.0 nb al-jumah   hs hassanein   m el-sharkawi information & software technology    
the collegiate ideal and the tools of external relations : the uses of high-profile intercollegiate jd toma new directions for higher education     1999.0 
register renaming and dynamic speculation : an alternate approach m moudgill   k pingali   s vassiliadis  proc . 26th intâ ?? l symp . on microarchitecture    
tilebars : visualizationoftermdistribution infulltext informationaccess proceedings of acm ma hearst   
a joint model of mode/parking type choice with supply-constrained application   transportation ma bradley   e kroes   e hinloopen proceedings of seminar d held at the ptrc european transport & hellip ;    
winnowing : local algorithms for document fingerprinting sigmod conference   2003.0 s schleimer   ds wilkerson   a aiken   
agglomeration   interorganizational networks   and competitive performance in the us metalworking sj appold economic geography   1995.0 
construction of l-lysine-overproducing strains of brevibacterium lactofermentum by targeted c fernã ¡ ndez-gonzã ¡ lez   ja gil   lm mateos   a  applied microbiology and biotechnology   1996.0 
views as first-class citizens in object-oriented databases 2005.0 r alhajj   f polat   c yãlmaz the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;    
fundamentals of an optimal multirate subband coding of cyclostationary signals d kula radioengineering-prague -   2000.0    
in their own voices : women learning about their own development c marienau new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0    
semantic integration of semistructured and structured data sources . 1999.0 acms anthology sigmod record    
the ascendency of high-tech marketing electronic business   wh davidow   
asymptotic distributions of instrumental variables statistics with many instruments j stock   m yogo  unpublished manuscript    
generating dance verbs and assisting computer choreography cm hsieh   a luciani proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
an efficient and cost effective technique for browsing and querying large video databases jh oh   ka hua proceedings of acm  
fddi-m : a scheme to double fddi 's ability of supporting synchronous trac   '' kg shin   q zheng submitted for publication      
approximate reasoning by agents in distributed environments a skowron  proc . iat    
do users dream of electronic libraries ? rl de prado electronic library   2000.0    
molecular hydrogen and water vapour emissions in a global hydrogen energy economy w zittel   m altmann procs . 11th world hydr . en .    
an agenda for human-computer interaction : science and engineering serving human needs g marchionini   j sibert 1991.0  acm sigchi bulletin    
beds   mattresses and cushions for pressure sore prevention and treatment cochrane n cullum   j deeks   ta sheldon   f song   aw fletcher database . syst . rev      
reliability of quantum-mechanical communication systems wsl jane  technical report 468   research laboratory of electronics    
artificial intelligence : hype or reality ? aa hopgood   
alightweight 3d hmd with accommodative compensation t sugihara   t miyasato proc . 29th soc . information  
durability gap analysis for fiber-reinforced polymer composites in civil infrastructure vm karbhari   jw chin   d hunston   b benmokrane   t    
salmon.â ?? avalon : an alpha/linux cluster achieves 10 gflops for $ 150 k   â ?? ms warren   tc germann   ps lomdahl   dm beazley   k proceedings   ieee/acm    
collaborative analytical processing-dream or reality ? ( panel abstract ) proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   wo ` connell   a witkowski   g graefe  2001.0 
the handheld that beams pc magazine   b brown   
dealing with heterogeneity in stardust : an environment for parallel programming on networks of lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 g cabillic   i puaut   
a.   ellis   john r.   ruttenberg   john . c.   and nicolau   alexandru . parallel processing : a smart j fisher  proc . acm  
john hopkins press : baltimore b mc elroy  md    
the conference control channel protocol ( cccp ) : a scalable base for building conference applications m handley   i wakeman   j crowcroft proc . acm    
theory of molecular liquids vol . i   fundamentals   cg gray   ke gubbins   
satellite co-polar measurements at bt laboratories rg howell   jw harris   m mehler bt technology journal   1992.0 
morphmix : peer-to-peer based anonymous internet usage with collusion detection m rennhard    
new breadboard for broadband design d mann electronic engineering      
beyond document similarity : understanding value-based search and browsing technologies . acms anthology sigmod record   2000.0    
the relation between research and the scholarship of teaching mb paulsen new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
42nd interscience conference on antimicrobial agents and chemotherapy cl celum   c renzi   m fosterâ ? ¦  san diego   ca    
estimating the support of a high dimensional distribution [ r ] . 1999 b scholkopf   cp john   st johnâ ? ¦ microsoft technical    
calculating the heat-transfer crisis in steam generators heated by sodium pl kirillov   vf titov   ns smirnovâ ? ¦ at .    
consistency   concurrency   and crash recovery acm-sigmod int conf on management of data   austin   texas   ye lien   pj weinberger   
boundary-layer transition on a swept cylinder proc . int . conf . fluid mech   y kohama   m ukaku   f ohta   
applications of the java programming language to database management bf burton   vw marek sigmod record   1998.0 
scripting : higher-level programming for the 21st century ieee computer   jk ousterhout  1998.0 
den vakne jã $ garen : hur man engagerar alla i fã ¶ retaget i jakten pã ¥ stã $ ndiga fã ¶ rbã $ ttringar l nilsson  1999.0 
an observational study of how objects support engineering design thinking and communication : m breretron   b mcgarry proceedings   acm press    
a multi-version cache replacement and prefetching policy for hybrid data delivery environments 2002.0 a seifert   mh scholl vldb    
mechanical engineering education at the university of twente 1999.0 pc powell   h grunefeld   
y   saito   m. springford   and im templeton jp jan   wb pearson phil . mag      
santa barbara corpus of spoken american english santa barbara   ca : university of california   santa barbara & hellip ;   jw du bois   
generating embedded software from hierarchical hybrid models r alur   f ivancic   j kim   i lee   o sokolsky    
the eternity service proceedings of pragocrypt   1996.0 rj anderson   
mund : a methodology for the simulation of boolean logic r rivest   m blum   m watanabe proceedings of vldb    
autoepistemic logic w marek   m truszczyå?ski journal of the acm ( jacm )   1991.0 
handbook on the physics and chemistry of rare earths   special volumes on high temperature rare earth hw weber at    
how effective are different welfare-to-work approaches ? five-year adult and child impacts g hamilton   s freedman   l gennetian   c 2001.0    
disk utilization for news-on-demand rt ng   jym buer proceedings of the international conference on very large    
g.   de la hoz   l. y selgas ja ordã?ã?ez   mi cambero   l fernã?ndez   ml garcã?a md      
environmental ethics : contempory ethical issues c palmer 1997.0    
practical clinical biochemistry volume 1 h varley   a gowenlock   m bell   
paradoxical effects of thought suppression journal of personality and social psychology   dm wegner   dj schneider   sr carter   tl white  1987.0 
the policy of poverty and the poverty of policy : geography and the construction of national poverty annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;   a glasmeier   
serial abdominal ultrasound in the setting of trauma1 2000.0 so henderson   j sung   d mandavia journal of emergency medicine    
geodesic flow on polyhedral surfaces k polthier   m schmies   
knowledge interchange format   version 3.0 . ref mr geneserth   re fikes man . technical report   university of stanford      
semantic integrity in a r. elational database ; m hammer   d mcleod  proc . lst int . conf . vldb   framingham   mass    
effects of randomization on a homeless services initiative : a comment p johnston   p swift new directions for program evaluation      
how to balance real and nominal convergence ? the case of poland 2001.0 p durajsz   
hybrid cooperative schemes for scalable and stable performance of web content delivery r lancellotti   f mazzoni   m colajanni  computer networks   2005.0 
notes on algebraic specifications im bradley 1989.0  information and software technology    
midazolam : a review of therapeutic uses and toxicity journal of emergency medicine   sp nordt   rf clark  1997.0 
browsing electronic mail : experiences interfacing a mail system to a dbms . 1988.0 j kent   db terry   ws orr vldb    
microsoft office 2000 visual basic for applications : fundamentals ds boctor  1999.0 
the messy reality of socially responsible business j entine    
actions and roles : using depicted events for disambiguation and reinterpretation in german and p knoeferle   mw crocker   c scheepers   mj pickering    
answering recursive queries using views om duschka   mr genesereth   
erp project problems plague city payroll c stedman computerworld      
evolution of darwin 's finches caused by a rare climatic event proceedings : biological sciences   1993.0 br grant   pr grant   
aranye . ( 2002 ) entertainment value . [ website ] university of california   santa lo fradenburg   
on optimal processor allocation to support pipelined hash joins ml lo   cv ravishankar   
and wilson eg 1981a phil . mag   k donovan   
the efficacy of intravenous droperidol in the prehospital setting journal of emergency medicine   cl rosen   af ratliff   re wolfe   sw branney   e jedd  1997.0 
collaborative joins in a pervasive computing environment the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   f perich   a joshi   y yesha   t finin  2005.0 
an examination of the carrier selection processing in a deregulated economy r brand   jr grabner  23rd annual conference proceedings    
space-time adaptive processing for airborne radar data systems j ward  technical report 1015   massachusetts inst . of technology lincoln  
teaching for diversity n chism  new directions in teaching and  
ear drops for the removal of ear wax mj burton   cj doree 2003.0  cochrane database syst rev    
view operations on objects with roles a albano   g antognoni   g ghelli submitted for    
teaching academies : honoring and promoting teaching through a community of expertise . nvn chism 1996.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
subdivision schemes for fluid flow h weimer   j warren    
induction of labour for suspected fetal macrosomia cochrane database syst rev   o irion   m boulvain  2000.0 
a high performance mapped object store sj white   dos dewitt proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on the management    
database research at the data-intensive systems center d maier   l delcambre   c pu   j walpole   g graefe    sigmod record   1993.0 
a rare plant survey of the lake chelan project area-final   lake chelan hydroelectric project no. 637 pud chelan prepared by calypso consulting   seattle   washington      
clustering via matrix powering h zhou   d woodruff    
the cohesive force between solid surfaces and the surface energy of solids rs bradley phil . mag      
the context interchange mediator prototype s bressan   
a sophisticated tracking algorithm for air traffic control surveillance radar data proc . int . conf . on hap blom   
applied logistic regression : john wiley & sons dw hosmer   s lemeshow new york      
an efficient index structure for high dimensional image data js yoo   mk shin   sh lee   ks choi   kh cho   dy hur   
r.   kumar   v. : mining needles in a haystack : classifying rare classes via two-phase rule induction proceedings of acm ma joshi   
strategic changes and frameworks affecting future oss/bss in the telecommunications industry bt technology journal   2005.0 jmm potter   ar brady   
anonymous fingerprinting b pfitzmann   m waidner lecture notes in computer science     1997.0 
instructional consultation in a statewide setting ma kerwin new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0    
functional partitioning for hardware-codesign codesign using genetic algorithms ji hidalgo   j lanchares  proceedings of the 23rd euromicro conference    
easing the transition to an rbrvs-based physician compensation system pp louiselle   
great works for the 21st century : a critical role for the modern research university ar newton proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 
the electronic century part i : beginnings j chadabe electronic musician    
one emergency department 's guidelines for the care of suicidal patients v bradley   c shawler journal of emergency nursing   1993.0    
the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications ea rundensteiner   ha kuno   yg ra   v crestana-taube sigmod conference     1996.0 
transport phenomena . john wiley and sons   new york   1960 rb bird   we stewart   en lightfoot    
ssch : slotted seeded channel hopping for capacity improvement in ieee 802.11 ad-hoc wireless p bahl   r chandra   j dunagan    
evaluation of the 2-poisson model as a basis for using term frequency data in searching vv raghavan   h shi   ct yu acm sigir forum   1983.0    
falcon : feedback adaptive loop for content-based retrieval 2000.0 l wu   c faloutsos   kp sycara   tr payne vldb    
supramolecular metal-organometallic coordination networks based on quinonoid-complexes acc . chem . res   2004.0 m oh   gb carpenter   da sweigart   
the jobs evaluation : working paper 96.2 : monthly participation findings in the columbus jobs j weissman   g hamilton 1996.0    
independent slip systems in crystals gw groves   a kelly phil . mag      
reference model for a marketing information system and its application h tuominen    
22209   united states of america store prescription request v rosslyn    
value-based software engineering : a case study b boehm   
wb and templeton im 1960 phil . mag   av gold   dkc macdonald   wb pearson   
constructive asymptotic equivalence of density estimation and gaussian white noise unpublished manuscript   j klemela   m nussbaum   
non-zero-sum gaze and persuasion 2003.0 jn bailenson   ac beall   j blascovich   j loomis   m & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa barbara   ca    
querying the internet with pier n ahmed   
social studies : citizenship education for building nations and educating global citizens . mc mckinney-browning   jl barthâ ? ¦  social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
specialist epilepsy nurses for treating epilepsy p bradley   b lindsay  cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
institutional commitment to fairness in college teaching rc rodabaugh new directions for teaching and learning     1996.0 
it agenda 2004 : which technologies will it leaders put to the test this year computerworld   m brandel   
a constraint-based approach to the representation of software usage models jh poore   gh walton   ja whittaker information & software technology   2000.0    
optical fiber telecommunications iv b san diego   ca   h kogelnik   rm jopson   le nelson   
remittances and inequality : a question of migration stage and geographic scale . economic geography   1998.0 rc jones   
responding to student writing new directions for teaching and learning : teaching writing & hellip ;   j macallister   
towards ilp-based learning of attribute path values in typed-unification grammars . 2002 l ciortuz    
a relationship mechanism for a strongly typed object-oriented database a albano   g ghelli   r orsini proc . of the 17th int . conf . on vldb   barcelona   s    
anthrax threats : a report of two incidents from salt lake city er swanson   de fosnocht journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
a method for retrieving music data with different bit rates using mpeg-4 twinvq audio compression m kobayakawa   m hoshi   k onishi 2005.0  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
stress without distress h selye   
situational evaluation of teaching on campus re stake   ej cisneros-cohernour new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0    
an execution model for limited ambiguity rules and its application to derived data update ima chen   r hull   d mcleod acm transactions on database systems   1995.0    
the sea surface temperature changing trend of the last 40 years in the lei-qiong sea area k yu tropical geography     2000.0 
introducing information technology fundamentals into the undergraduate curriculum rj voigt electronic    
ductile fracture in copper single crystals phil . mag   s saimoto   wf hosford   wa backofen   
putting requirement management into praxis : dealing with nonfunctional requirements information and software technology   i hrazdira   j skorpkova   m dolnkova   c ebert  1998.0 
introduction to faculty learning communities md cox new directions for teaching and learning     2004.0 
three-dimensional displays 1980.0 t okoshi ieee   proceedings    
fido : a cache that learns to fetch 1991.0 m palmer   sb zdonik vldb    
on the question of the stability of the flow of fluids phil . mag   l rayleigh   
supporting a knowledge based software information system with a large code database pg selfridge   rj brachman  kbms workshop   national conference on artificial & hellip ;    
current market outlook 2000 : into the new century t meskill   j griffiths seattle   washington : boeing corporation    
a knowledge-theoretic analysis of atomic commitment protocols v hadzilacos proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1987.0    
a characterization of the dirichlet distribution applicable to learning bayesian networks ( revised ) d geiger   d heckerman 1995.0    
field ion microscope examination of heavy ion radiation damage in iridium . ii . analysis of vacancy ja hudson   bl dury   b ralph phil . mag     1970.0 
big merger year leaves out it j king  computerworld    
generation   classification and analysis of switched-mode dc-to-dc converters by the use of converter proc . int . telecommunications energy conf . ( intelec )   r tymerski   v vorperian   
geometrically-necessary dislocation density in continuum crystal plasticity theory and fem h dai   dm parks unpublished manuscript    
how seductive details do their damage : a cognitive theory of interest in science learning 1997.0 sf harp   
hydrothermal vent precipitates : a study of temporal and geographic variations in black smoker sr baron  1998.0 
geography   will it absolve cuba ? l martãnez - fernã ¡ ndez   
early childhood environment rating scale . revised edition t harms   rm clifford   d cryer    
pamela space mission : the transition radiation detec-tor m ambriola   r bellotti   f cafagna   m circella   c   
cytologic diagnosis of fat emboli in peripheral blood during sickle cell infarctive crisis kh van hoeven   jl wanner   sk ballas   
a case for end system multicast proc . of acm sigmetrics   y hua chu   sg rao   h zhang   
dietary fiber in nutrition management of diabetes jw anderson   k ward see ref    
the entity-relationship model-toward a unified model of data p chen acm trans . database systems    
precision based precision timing without gps proceedings of acm a pasztor   d veitch   
dealing with details in a large class . new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0 rp brooks   
j.   girgensohn   a.   and l. wilcox   â ?? an intelligent media browser using automatic multimodal j foote   j boreczky proc . acm    
jet scour in cohesive and non-cohesive sediments . sa ansari   uc kothyari   kg ranga raju proc.   2nd int . ( 29th national ) conf . on fluid mechanics and & hellip ;    
arac protein from escherichia coli gl wilcox   1972.0 
teaching software engineering at university . pw garratt   g edmunds information and software technology     1988.0 
information rules s carl   hr varian   1998.0 
ambiguity and the principle of idiosyncratic interpretation k van deemter submitted for publication    
ability   schooling and earnings : are twins different ? d blanchflower   p elias  1999.0 
associative caching in client-server databases j basu   1998.0 
knowledge sharing technology project overview t finin   m cutkosky   t gruber   j van baalen technical report ksl-91-71   stanford university   november    
ceo ownership   leasing   and debt financing h mehran   ra taggart   d yermack    
observaciones de marea gravimã © trica en el teide ( tenerife   islas canarias )   2âª asamblea hispano - j arnoso   j fernã ¡ ndez   ej vã © lez   r vieira 2000.0    
limusa wiley   2002 dc montgomery   gc runger    
state-level evaluation uses of cost analysis : a national descriptive survey nl smith   jk smith new directions for program evaluation     1985.0 
brain tumors : their biology and pathology kj zã 1/4 lch   1957.0 
graph-theoretic methods in database theory m yannakakis  proceedings of the ninth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1990.0 
the pascal p compiler : implementation notes ( revised edition ) kv nori   u ammann   k jensen   hh nageli   c jacobi tech . rep. 10   eth   zurich   switzerland   oct. .    
psychologia spoå?eczna e aronson   td wilson   rm akert  serce i umyså ?    
histological typing of salivary gland tumours g seifert   lh sobin  1996.0 
classical dynamics of a spin interacting with a mrfm cantilever d rugar   r budakian  technical report   ibm   almaden research center   july 11  
evaluation of the potential effects of sport hunting on california black bears t burton   d koch   d updike   a brody  international conference on bear research and management    
incomplete path expressions and their disambiguation ye ioannidis 1994.0  sigmod conference    
extending cryptographic logics of cryptographic logics of belief to key agreement protocols 1993.0 p van oorschot proceedings of the first acm confere nce on computers and & hellip ;    
accessing the mental lexicon ki forster new approaches to language mechanisms     1976.0 
warren   â ?? frameworkfortheassessmentoffeasibilityoftelecommutinginaustralian organizations   â ?? proc . 28th annual hawaii int . conf . on system sciences   e tamratandj   
liquid viscosities of multi-component mixtures m dizechi ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1980.0    
internet trac warehouse cm chen   m cochinwala   c petrone   m pucci   s proc . sigmod    
analysis of the interacting levels v ( sub 9 ) = 1 and v ( sub 10 ) = 2 of propyne ( abstract only ) k pekkala   g graner   g wlodarczak   j demaison proceedings of the 25 th annual confernece of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
rx for semantic video database retrieval & hellip ; of the second acm international conference on multimedia   1994.0 n dimitrova   f golshani   
evaluation of the duration of immunity of a single dose of ingelvacâ ® - m sk miller   m roof   d cleveringa   j husa   k hyo at      
techniques and applications s castano   v de antonellis   mg fugini   b pernici   on acm transactions on database systems      
uses of the fries rearrangement for the preparation of hydroxyarylketones r martin  org . prep . proc . int    
a new approach to the information function in marketing . gs albaum  1962.0 
the future of fibre access systems ? db payne   rp davey 2002.0  bt technology journal    
a     ward   gf   & dudley   ra ( 1992 ) jm barnaba   jd rueb   j hassoun & hellip ; crew reduction feasibility demonstration simulation study : 2  
untraceable mobility or how to travel incognito g ateniese   a herzberg   h krawczyk   g tsudik  computer networks   1999.0 
new microwave system for gyro-twt gg denisov   sj cooke proc . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter waves    
generation of turkish surface form from a morphemic lexicon bk ol-ayan 2000.0    
cervicofacial and mediastinal emphysema as the result of a dental procedure sc karras   jj sexton  journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
iam : an inferential abstract modeling approach to design of conceptual schema ja bubenko jr proceedings of the 1977 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1977.0 
using raster approximations for processing of spatial joins g zimbrã # o   
routing in telecommunications networks with ant-like agents e bonabeau   f henaux   s guerin   d snyers   p kuntz   lecture notes in computer science   1998.0    
use of neural networks to improve computational efficiency of environmental numerical models . md   vm krasnopolsky   dv chalikov   hl tolman   
whatâ ?? s public about public opinion ? the oj simpson case and performing the nation sdâ ?? cruz unpublished manuscript    
kernel partial least squares regression in reproducing kernel hilbert space r rosipal   lj trejo  journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
object fusion in geographic information systems 2004.0 c beeri   y kanza   e safra   y sagiv proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
stepwise specification of dynamic database behaviour . c. zaniolo proc . international acm sigmod { record conference on uw lipeck   
bokr-bis program for performing two-dimensional calculations of rmbk reactors on es series computers aa shkurpelov   vp borshchev   vp veselovâ ? ¦ at .  
transient species in the stepwise interconversion of nadh and nad ac res acc . chem . res     2004.0 
effective and efficient document ranking without using a large lexicon o yasushi    
automated home video editing xs hua   l lu   hj zhang proc . acm multimedia    
memex : a browsing assistant for collaborative archiving and mining of surf trails s chakrabarti   s srivastava   m subramanyam   m proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0    
improved recipient results after 5 years of performing laparoscopic donor nephrectomy ra montgomery   lr kavoussi   lm su   v sinkov   c 2001.0  transplantation proceedings    
grading students . hr pollio   wl humphreys new directions for teaching and learning     1988.0 
heraclitus [ alg   c ] : elevating deltas to be first-class citizens in a database programming language s ghandeharizadeh   r hull   d jacobs  unpublished manuscript    
scholarly teaching : developmental stages of pedagogical scholarship . sa ronkowski new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
independent effects of alzheimer 's disease on neuropsychological functioning ta salthouse   jt becker 1998.0  neuropsychology-new york -    
the space of the dream : a case of mis-taken identity ? e cater area   2001.0 
arbitrarily small pupils in lo mcao r ragazzoni   e diolaiti   e vernet   2002.0 
graph-theoretic models   a unifying approach gj savage   m chandrashekar proceedings of the 23rd conference on modelling and & hellip ;    
protein fingerprinting as a complementary tool for the classification of pseudomonas bacteria   j eichel   t lewicka   
phylip   ver . 3.5 j felsenstein university of washington   seattle      
a systemic demographic efficiency analysis of us interstate population exchange   1935-1980 da plane 1984.0  economic geography    
fiscal year 1996 a report microsoft  
ancient images   ancient thought : the archaeology of ideology as goldsmith   s garvie   d selin   j smith  proceedings of the 23rd annual chacmool conference . & hellip ;    
queries with incomplete answers over semistructured data y kanza   w nutt   y sagiv proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst   1999.0 
the dedale system for complex spatial queries s grumbach   p rigaux    
september 11   2000   clerk   city of sumpter   telephone conversation regarding use of city of sumpter t thompson  ecology and environment   inc.   seattle    
a device independent graphics imaging moc for use with raster devices j warnock   d wyatt proc . acm siggraph    
liquid and fluid agents for preventing adhesions after surgery for subfertility cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 a watson   p vandekerckhove   r lilford   
scene change detection and content-based sampling of video sequences b shahraray proc . spie     1995.0 
convergence of a finite volume scheme for a diffusion-convection problem y coudiere   jp vila   p villedieu   
the fourier transform and its application rn bracewell    
sound and visual tracking for humanoid hg okuno   k nakadai   t lourens   h kitano proc . int . conf . information society in the 21st    
introduction to a system for distributed databases ( sdd-1 ) acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   jb rothnie jr   pa bernstein   s fox   n goodman   m  1980.0 
surgical neuroangiography : volume 2 : endovascular treatment of craniofacial lesions p lasjaunias   a berenstein  1996.0 
classifying managerial responses to multiple organizational identities mg pratt   po foreman   
high level segmentation of instructional videos based on content density dq phung   s venkatesh   c dorai   
telecommunications network total cost of ownership and return on investment modelling am elvidge   j martucci bt technology journal   2003.0 
use of continuous quality improvement to facilitate patient flow through the triage and fast-track journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 cmb fernandes   jm christenson   
research proposal : conditioned taste aversion : a technique to reduce red fox predation at piping lh mcivor md    
field induced spin density waves j. phys . i france   1996.0 pm chaikin   
the next it strategy : the information utility k melymuka  computerworld    
reconstructing introductory psychology . new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 dg winter   
perspective on eulerian finite volume methods for incompressible interfacial flows db kothe courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ;     1998.0 
total phenolics and antiradical efficiency of rice bran extracts fd goffman   c bergman proc 29th rice technical workshop group    
concluding comments . lm aleamoni new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0    
decentralized variable structure tracking for systems with time-domain dominance a balluchi   a bicchi   
uru plusâ ?? a scalable component-based speaker-verification system for bt 's 21st century network 2005.0 m pawlewski   j jones bt technology journal    
netpipe : a network protocol independent performance evaluator qo snell   a mikler   jl gustafson   
c-11 labelted palmitic acid for the non-invasive evaluation of regional myocardial fatty acid hr schelbert   e henze   hr schon   r keen   h hansen    vivo demonstration of the effects of substrate availability & hellip ;    
a logical design methodology for relational databases using the eer model t teorey   d yang   j frey  acm transaction on database systems    
pharmacotherapy for hypertension in women of different races a quan   k kerlikowske   f gueyffierâ ? ¦ cochrane database syst rev      
conservative management of pelvic organ prolapse in women s hagen   d stark   c maher   e adams cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
modular synthesis of ï ? - acceptor cyclophanes derived from 1   4   5   8-naphthalenetetracarboxylic 1997.0 g chen   jt lean   m alcalã ¡   te mallouk acc . chem . res    
coyote stories of the navaho people . 1968.0 ra roessel   d plateroâ ? ¦   
moral judgment and college curricula . mj collins new directions for teaching and learning   1988.0    
effects of fuels with a low aromatic content on diesel engine exhaust emissions proceedings-institution of mechanical engineers part d & hellip ;   2000.0 n ladommatos   z xiao   h zhao   
the gas production rate of comet bennett study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 cf lillie   hu keller   
permafrost-affected soils in the pangnirtung pass area   baâ ? n island   canada g broll   g mueller   c tarnocai proceedings   seventh international conference on permafrost . & hellip ;      
van ; bergman   pca h boerrigter   svb paasen & hellip ; technology development : pilot demonstration of tar removal    
potential of use of ion implantation as a means of catalyst manufacturing 2002.0 vn zlobin   mg bannikov   ip vasilev   ja cherkasov   proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;    
lira : an approach for service differentiation in the internet i stoica   h zhang   
event tracking j allan   v lavrenko   r papka ciir technical report ir-128   university of massachusetts  
acme : an architecture interchange language d garlan   1996.0 
university of washington seattle   washington   j felsenstein   
wake on wireless : an event driven power management strategy e shih   p bahl   m sinclair proc . acm mobicom      
boston metropatterns : a regional agenda for community stability in greater boston . metropolitan area research corporation   m orfieldâ ? ¦   
tutors and small groups in problem-based learning : lessons from the literature l wilkerson new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
development of measles virus as a vector : expression of green fluorescent protein from different 1997.0 l hangartner   
research issues in automatic database clustering acm sigmod record   s guinepain  2005.0 
structure activity relationship with respect to antiinflammatory activity in a series of curcumin proc int union physiol sci   a mukhopadhyay   n basu   n ghatak   kp singh   pk   
a search for rare b meson decays at the cern proton-antiproton collider ( abstract only ) c albajar   r kinnunen   j tuominiemi   v karimaki   m 1991.0  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
genjam : a ga for generating jazz solos ja biles proc . int . computer music conf      
am b. whelan mj and hirsch pb 1967 phil . mag   gr booker   amb shaw   
specific immunotherapy in asthma j bousquet   fb michel allergy proceedings   1994.0    
interleukin-6 ( il-6 ) as an anti-inflammatory cytokine : induction of circulating il-1 receptor h tilg   e trehu   mb atkins   ca dinarello   
learning how to share gh anthes computerworld      
research in information managment at dublin city university m roantree   af smeaton acm sigmod record   2002.0    
user-optimizer communication using abstract plans in sybase ase proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 m andrei   
refers to a â ?? language minority student whose english proficiency is below that of grade or her lep technically    
carbon isotope fractionation and plant water-use efficiency 1989.0 gd farquhar   kt hubick   ag condon   ra richards stable isotopes in ecological research    
the software process improvement paradox dn wilson   t hall   n baddoo  software quality management-international conference -    
inheritance and rules in object-oriented semantic web languages g yang   m kifer lecture notes in computer science     2003.0 
counting faces in the extended shi arrangement barn r ehrenborg    
intravenous prostaglandins for induction of labour cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 m luckas   l bricker   
different crossovers ? jpl reinecke   h moraal   ms potgieter   fb mcdonald    proceedings of the 25 thinternational cosmic ray conference   & hellip ;    
a kernel design for a secure database management system . in proceedings d downs   gj popek 3rd ieee conference on very large databases      
opioid switching to improve pain relief and drug tolerability c quigley cochrane database syst rev     2004.0 
high-temperature strength of dispersionhardened single crystals ii . theory ' rsw shewfelt   lm brown  phil . mag    
warren and the unsuspecting ancestor wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1961.0 l casper   
transmission of radiometer data from the synchronous meteorological satellite rs davies & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings     1973.0 
the nature of heat and its relationship to chemistry in the eighteenth century . dr dyck 1968.0    
dtd-directed publishing with attribute translation grammars mbcyc wenfei   fr rastogi   sza zhou    
heretaunga plains groundwater study   volume 1 : findings   ay regional council pn dravid   lj brown  1997.0 
rf-field interactions with biological systems - electrical properties and biophysical mechanisms hp schwan   kr foster ieee   proceedings     1980.0 
the growth of english modernism p hobsbaum 1965.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
proper termination of flow-of-control in programs involving concurrent processes portal.acm.org   
bundling information goods : pricing   profits   and efficiency y bakos   e brynjolfsson management science   1999.0 
wireless local loop bt technology journal   rp merrett   pve beastall   sj buttery  1998.0 
density biased sampling : an improved method for data mining and clustering crpc faloutsos    
betting on the dream fj derfler jr pc magazine   october      
an interpretive framework for application prediction procs of the 1993 intâ ?? l conference on parallel and & hellip ;   m parashar   s hariri   t haupt   gc fox   
wittgenstein   finitism   and mathematical induction v rodych 1999.0    
how might i teach problem solving ? new directions for teaching and learning   dr woods  1987.0 
an interpolated volume data model t wang   s santini   a gupta  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
kernel partial least squares regression in rkhs r rosipal   lj trejo journal of machine learning research    
complaint resolution in the context of welfare reform : how w-2 settles disputes s lynn    
analysis of document structures for element type classification h ahonen   b heikkinen   o heinonen   j jaakkola   m   
human body deformation from range scans b allen   b curless   z popovic proc . acm siggraph 2002    
practical uses of end-tidal carbon dioxide monitoring in the emergency department lj santos   j varon   l pic-aluas   ah combs journal of emergency medicine   1994.0    
the multics kernel design project 1977.0 md schroeder   dd clark   jh saltzer acm sigops operating systems review    
a 23-year-old with refractory seizures following an isoniazid overdose ra steinmann   mk rickel journal of emergency nursing   2002.0    
the roots of federal student aid policy new directions for higher education   js hansen  1991.0 
motion planning and related geometric algorithms in robotics proc . int . congress of mathematicians   jt schwartz   m sharir   
error analysis for a satellite based air traffic control system ( satellite based atc system with 1973.0 cr traas national aerospace meeting   washington   d. c   proceedings    
a model of wage differentials between firms of different sizes   queens university s shi  1997.0 
the quark-hadron phase transition ( abstract only ) h satz 1991.0  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
school violence and the effect on the guidance counselorâ ?? s role b anderson   2004.0 
a method for the unification of xml schemata r dos santos mello   s castano   ca heuser information and software technology   2002.0 
teaching the subject : developmental identities in teaching m burgan new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0    
nafplio : semantic analysis of the character of a historic city j stefanou athens   greece : peloponesian folklore institute publications    
enriched multiplications on the cohomology theories en to mj hopkins   hr miller   
dna conformation and plant pre-culture influence both   transformation efficiency and gene targeting a hohe   t egener   j lucht   h holtorf   c reinhard    2002.0 
strehlo.   â ?? why decision support fails and how to fix itâ ??   reprinted in r kimball sigmod record      
ivo . ( nd ) the spanish presentative lexicon s ayala & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa    
efficient processing of interactive relational data base queries expressed in logic vldb   1981.0 dhd warren   
silent racism in white women b trepagnier  1996.0 
capitalism   accumulation and the explanation of urban phenomena m edel  see boddy    
acceleration induced shear strains in a monkey brain hemisection vr hodgson   lm thomas  proceedings of the 23rd stapp car crash conference   sae & hellip ;    
digital libraries ( hot topics ) ea fox  ieee computer    
chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service for internet applications p castro   b greenstein   i stoica   r morris   d  proc . acm sigcomm    
random-effects analysis . human brain function w penny   ap holmes 2004.0    
capricorn in the 1 sthouse   and antivertex in 19 aquarius in the 1 st e point  juno at    
the sar procedure : a diagnostic analysis of heterogeneous data d pena   gc tiao   2002.0 
xavier : experience with a layered robot architecture r simmons   r goodwin   kz haigh   s koenig   joâ ??    
towards practical taxonomic classification for description logics on the semantic web s sanner   
3 . miller . comparing images using color coherence vectors o pass   r zabih proc . of acm multimedia    
modelling language acquisition : grammar from the lexicon sr howell   s becker   
work hardening and deformation sub-structure in iron single crystals deformed by tension at 298 k as keh  phil . mag    
brain blood flow and neurofeedback h toomis  unpublished manuscript    
kahaner report on supercomputer in japan d kahaner available via anonymous ftp from cs . arizona . edu   ã cents â ? ¬ & hellip ;      
fundamentals of dressing the raw materials ( part i ) j vidlã ¡ ã ©   o hodek technical university   ostrava    
surface crystallography by leed ma van hove   sy tong   1979.0 
ds warren windows on the world dm tmrw   d rozenshtem  proc acm sigmod conf    
estimating flow distribution from sampled flow statistic n duffeld   c lund   m thorup proc . acm sigcomm aug      
emotional responses to affective displays in others : the distinction between empathy and sympathy rj gruen   g mendelsohn journal of personality & social psychology      
usin subcategorization to resolve verb class ambiguity m lapata   c brew procs of joint sigdat conference on empirical mathods in & hellip ;    
analysis of variance in experimental design hr lindman 1991.0    
nexusscout : an advanced location-based application on a distributed   open mediation platform d nicklas   m grossmann   t schwarz 2003.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
partial match retrieval of multidimensional data journal of the acm ( jacm )   p flajolet   c puech  1986.0 
an sql-based query language for networks of relations a basu  sigmod record   1990.0 
stream query processing for healthcare bio-sensor applications cm chen   h agrawal   m cochinwala   d rosenbluth data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international    
aboriginal rugby league players : maximising participation and minimising involvement c hallinan  proceedings of the 25 thanniversary bicentennial conference & hellip ;    
geometric poisson density estimation of the number of software failures m sahinoglu ieee proc . 28th annual reliability   spring seminar of the    
a novel method for video tracking performance evaluation j black   t ellis   p rosin    
endogenous tourist development . articulated or disarticulated tourist development pt st   1999.0 
effective assessment and institutional change cb cote   m jordan new directions for higher education     2002.0 
improving teaching : how a clearinghouse helps . new directions for teaching and learning   ca kirkendall  1984.0 
a kif proposal mr genesereth technical report   stanford university      
discovering marketing-driven navigation patterns submitted for publication   ag bã 1/4 chner   m baumgarten   md mulvenna   ss anand     
traffic scenarios for the 21st century 1993.0 mh lyons   ko jensen   i hakwer bt technology journal    
structure of enzyme : substrate complexes at very high resolution reveal the chemical reaction s umhau   l pollegioni   g molla   k diederichs   w    
how clonal are human mitochondria ? proceedings : biological sciences   a eyre-walker   nh smith   jm smith  1999.0 
pcr protocols : a guide to methods and applications ( innis   ma   gelfand   dh   sninsky   jj   and white ma innis san diego    
design of an electron cyclotron heating system for the iter tokamak proc . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter m makowski   
financial management and strategic planning . new directions for higher education   n dickmeyer  1982.0 
a system for interactive error detection vldb   1979.0 ga wilson   
towards a semantic view of en extended entity-relationship diagram m gogolla   u hohestein acm transactions on database systems    
outcomes-oriented marketing . gd kuh   gh wallman new directions for higher education   1986.0    
the cydra 5 departmental supercomputer br rau   dwl yen   w yen   ra towle ieee computer    
prosodic disambiguation in silent reading jd fodor  proceedings-nels   2002.0 
addressing academic culture : service learning   organizations   and faculty work new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 k ward   
mp ^ vadimiotl   ch an optimality theory of concurrency control for databases ht ktmg proc . acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data   boston   & hellip ;    
decentralised workflows and software agents bt technology journal   jw shepherdson   sg thompson   br odgers  1999.0 
organization of the guinea-pig uterine innervation . distribution of immunoreactivities for different the histochemical journal   p alm   lm lundberg   j wharton   jm polak  1988.0 
telcordia 's database reconciliation and data quality analysis tool proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 f caruso   m cochinwala   u ganapathy   g lalk   p   
analysis of matrix vesicles and their role in the calcification of epiphyseal cartilage fed proc   1976.0 sy ali   
dna fingerprinting in citrus cultivars t motohashi   t matsuyama   t akihama proc . int . soc . citriculture    
effect of high energy rate forming on sintering kinetics of ferrographite composites powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ]   bombay   india & hellip ;   s basu  1980.0 
hydrothermal differentiation and myrmekite : a clue to many geologic puzzles 1988.0 lg collins   
a relationship mechanism for a strongly typed object-oriented database programming language a albano   g ghelli   r orsini  vldb   1991.0 
the kinetics of physical dependence to morphine in the rat pharmacology i   l grumbach   m shelofsky   je boston jr  1974.0 
a cdn-p2p hybrid architecture for cost-effective streaming media distribution d xu   s kulkarni   c rosenberg   h chai  computer  
the interface between project managers and functional managers in matrix organized product & hellip ; of the 9th international conference on management of & hellip ;   r sbragia   
rapid signalling by variance in ensembles of neocortical neurons g silberberg   m bethge   h markram   m tsodyks   k  2002.0 
a survey of logical models for olap databases . 1999.0 acms anthology sigmod record    
a programming logic for sequential java a poetzsch-heffter   p mueller  lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
naturalistic stimuli increase the rate and efficiency of information transmission by primary f rieke   da bodnar   w bialek  proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
using a steerable projector and a camera to transform surfaces into interactive displays c pinhanez    
functional of averaged density : application for estimation of probability density function y tikunov   a kel 2004.0    
improved algorithms for synchronizing computer network clocks ieee/acm transactions on networking ( ton )   d mills  1995.0 
quality control in large annotation projects involving multiple judges : the case of the tdt corpora athens   greece   may   s strasselâ ? ¦   
adaptive precision in texture mapping a glassner acm siggraph computer graphics   1986.0    
the dream of e-commerce : reality in 1999 b levine electronic news    
application of charged aerosol cloud for simulation of upward leader generation ip vereshchagin   kv antsupov   vv bazutkinâ ? ¦ proc . 21st int . conf . on lightning  
a comparison of two noninvasive methods of blood pressure measurement in the triage area d jones   mk engelke   st brown   m swanson 1996.0  journal of emergency nursing    
comportamiento en diez aã ± os del osteocondroma en un hospital pediã ¡ trico aã ? lã ³ pez   yg lorenzo   er rodrãguez   e baesso   
information utility and the multiple source effect sg harkins   re petty journal of personality and social psychology      
text-based content search and retrieval in ad-hoc p2p communities lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 fm cuenca-acuna   td nguyen   
pharmaceutical press ; 2004 k payne    
the forests of india ep stebbing volume i      
fast clustering process for vector quantisation codebook design electronic letters   1996.0 sm cheng   kt lo   
strong convergence theorems of mannâ ?? s type for one-parameter nonexpansive semigroups in general t suzuki   w takahashi    
vimp-a virtual market place for insurance products 1998.0 s field   y hoffner electronic markets    
: a description logics based tool for schema validation and semantic query optimization in object s bergamaschi   c sartori   d beneventano   m vincini    
manual for the multiple affective adjective checklistâ ?? revised edits san diego   ca   m zuckerman   b lubin   
generating 3d views of facial expressions from frontal face video based on topographic analysis 2004.0 l yin   k weiss proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
thermoregulation : what is regulated and how j bligh see ref    
virtual reality l von schweber pc magazine      
how to specify and verify the long-run average behavior of probabilistic systems l de alfaro    
the clearing of the english woodlands hc darby geography    
a paradigm change in assembling oh functionalities on metal centers . hw roesky   s singh   v jancik   v chandrasekhar  acc . chem . res   2004.0 
er timi-19 : testing the reality of prehospital thrombolysis cp cannon   aj sayah   rm walls 2000.0  journal of emergency medicine    
operational transform in real-time group editors : issues   algorithms   and achievements c sun   c ellis proceedings of acm    
a new model for training project managers . proc.   28th annual seminars and symposium   project & hellip ;   aj shenhar   b nofzinger   
generating bricks . s norine   r thomas   
markets inside telecommunications i adjali bt technology journal     1994.0 
surviving and thriving sa cox new directions for higher education   1996.0    
how the new teachers performed . ld fink new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 
feeding africa 's urban poor : urban and peri-urban horticulture in kano   nigeria t binns   n fereday    
the andorra-i engine : a parallel implementation of the basic andorra model dhd warren   vs costa   r yang 1991.0    
models of distribution of pollutants in the air j straszko   la paulo   a witkowski environment protection engineering   1996.0 
informed content delivery over adaptive overlay networks j byers   j considine   m mitzenmacher proc . acm sigcomm      
existence and optimality of competitive equilibria cd aliprantis   dj brown   o burkinshaw   1989.0 
adding semantic annotation to the penn treebank p kingsbury   m palmer   m marcus    
data mining on large graphs c palmer   p gibbons   c faloutsos proc . acm intl. conf . on sigkdd      
improved method of ga 's non-efficiency operation proceedings of the 3rd worl d congress on intelligent h yu-sheng   h sheng-lian   h guo-si   
national television violence study . violence in television programming overall bj wilsonâ ? ¦   1997.0 
clinical predictors of computed tomographic abnormalities following pediatric traumatic brain injury m ramundo   t mcknight   j kempf  journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
embedding knowledge in web documents m philippe   e peter computer networks      
a three-dimensional numerical study of the effect of pulsating flow on conversion efficiency inside sj jeong   ws kim proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;     2001.0 
resource allocation in a decentralised environment j green   d monical new directions for higher education   1985.0    
misuse of the emergency department by the elderly population : myth or reality ? journal of emergency nursing   dj eagle   e rideout   p price   c mccann  1993.0 
notecards : a multimedia idea processing environment   interactive multimedia fg halasz 1988.0    
use of graph-theoretic models for optimal relational database accesses to perform join s pramanik   d ittner acm transactions on database systems   1985.0 
fire history of mixed-conifer forests on the north rim   grand canyon national park   arizona jj wolf physical geography   1998.0 
formative evaluation and the scholarship of teaching and learning r smith new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0    
discovering marketing intelligence through online analytical web usage mining sigmod a buchner   m mulvenna   
inquiry and cognitive psychology . na stillings 1989.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
mifepristone for induction of labour 2001.0 jp neilson cochrane database syst rev    
probabilistic planning in the graphplan framework a blum   j langford  lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
descriptive study on the usage of herbals by infants and children of families participating in the jr priebe  2002.0 
observing ants : tracking and analyzing the behavior of live insect colonies agents ( agentsâ ?? 01 ) . montreal   canada . june   t balch   z khan   m veloso   
cuyahoga cnty   ohio   ( http://ftp . rootsweb . com/pub/usgenweb / oh/cuyahoga/cemetery / butternut . txt )   '' br cemetery   
impaired endothelium-dependent and independent vasodilation in patients with type 2 ( non-insulin - ge mcveigh   gm brennan   gd johnston   bj mcdermott   1992.0  diabetologia    
improving productivity of jobs programs e bardach 1993.0    
semantic integration and query of heterogeneous information sources s bergamaschi   s castano   m vincini   d beneventano   
the formalisation of rock & roll : a deductive object-oriented database system aaa fernandes   ml barja   nw paton   mh williams information and software technology   1997.0 
evaluating replicebility of factors in the revised neo personality inventory : confirmatory factor rr mccrae   ab zonderman   pt costa   mh bond   sv 1996.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
generating thousand benchmark queries in seconds m poess    
efficient broadcast in structured p2p networks s el-ansary   lo alima   p brand   s haridi  lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
after the outsourcing : networks   institutions   and the new old economy j whitford  2003.0 
measurement and prediction of the verification cost of the design in a formalized methodology l fernã ¡ ndez   jj dolado information and software  
n-body simulations of interacting galaxies ( abstract only ) h salo proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;     1991.0 
recent development in mass-spectrometry proc . int . conf . on mass jb mann   
fãschlã ¡ r @ trecvid2003 : system description c gurrin   h lee   af smeaton proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
the future of virtual reality : head mounted displays versus spatially immersive displays ( panel ) 1996.0 e lantz proceedings of the 23rd annual conference on computer & hellip ;    
dynamic service matchmaking among agents in open information environments sigmod record   1999.0 k sycara   m klusch   s widoff   j lu   
agents for integrated tutoring in spoken dialogue systems j hakulinen   m turunen   ep salonen   
geographic applications development : models and tools for the conceptual level acm-gis   n tryfona   t hadzilacos   
tungsten migration between main chamber and divertor of asdex upgrade w schneider   d hildebrandt   x gong   k krieger   r    
catalytic hydrogenation of co over the perovskite oxide yba 2 cu 3 o 7x g dursun   jm winterbottom    
a band theoretical study on the electronic properties in the phase transition cuau 1 to cuau 2 ( k kokko oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0    
how nouns and verbs differentially affect the behavior of artificial organisms a cangelosi   d parisi   
querying object-oriented datab = es proceedings of the acm sigmod   m kifer   w kim   y sagiv   
has welfare reform been successful for all groups ? examining racial variations in caseload decline c miller   k cox  unpublished manuscript    
graalbench : a 3d graphics benchmark suite for mobile phones i antochi   b juurlink   s vassiliadis   p liuha   
reurbanization   uneven urban development   and the debate on new urban forms ls bourne  urban geography    
gamma-a high performance backend database machine d dewittâ ? ¦ proc . 12th conf . very large data    
bargaining in families s lundberg   ra pollak  unpublished manuscript   1998.0 
fractional rate dataflow model and efficient code synthesis for multimedia applications h oh   s ha    
peer-facilitated adult education new directions for adult and continuing education   s anderson  1999.0 
performance demonstration of a fast-tunable transmitter and burst-mode packet receiver for hornet k shrikhande   im white   ms rogge   ft an   a    
providing on-demand sports video to mobile devices q liu   z hua   c zang   x tong   h lu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2005.0 
deletion of 11q23 is a frequent event in the evolution of mycn single-copy high-risk neuroblastomas c guo   ps white   md hogarty   gm brodeur   r gerbing    
the effect of thermal treatment on the structure and properties of electrolytical superconducting vn kolosov   aa shevyryov proc . 21st riso int . symp . on materials science :  
setting environmental justice in space and place : acute and chronic airborne toxic releases in the urban geography   sl cutter   wd solecki   
3.3   statsci division   mathsoft v splus inc.   seattle   washington    
w. and s. kolvenbach   support for workflows in a ministerial environment procs of the 1996 acm conference on computer supported w prinz   
room temperature pulsed operation of blue nitride based laser diodes mp mack   ac abare   m hansen   p kozodoy   s keller    proc . int . conf . nitride semiconductors    
school choice   competition and the efficiency of secondary schools in england '   department of 1999.0 s bradley   g johnes   j millington   
software issues for pc-based stereoscopic displays : how to make pc users see stereo d sawdai   gj hamlin   d swift proceedings of  
î ± 1-adrenoceptor affinities of drugs for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia in human mc michel   b grã 1/4 bbel   s mã ¶ llhoff   t otto   w proceedings of congress sociã © tã © internationale  
chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service lbr lntemet applications proc . acm sigcomm &#39; i stoica   r morris   d karger   mf kaashoek   h   
antidepressant versus placebo for depressed elderly k wilson   p mottram   a sivanranthan   a nightingale cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
representation and optimization of software usage models with non-markovian state transitions k doerner   wj gutjahr    
databases in the social studies : not why but how . 1990.0 jd mccoy social studies and the young learner    
high peak and average power all-solid-state laser systems for airborne lidar applications g ehret   hh klingenberg   u hefter   a assion   a fix  laseropto-stuttgart -   2000.0 
internet traffic warehouse cm chen   m cochinwala   c petrone   m pucci   s acm sigmod record   2000.0    
the comparative efficiency of small-firm bankruptcies : a study of the us and finnish bankruptcy sa ravid   s sundgren financial management     1998.0 
remote sensing using quartz sensors proc . spie   t sachs   r groã?mann   j michel   e schrã 1/4 fer  1996.0 
underutilized crops : trends   challenges and opportunities in the 21st century s padulosi   t hodgkin   jt williams   n haq  see ref    
setting the climate for effective teaching and learning . br sisco 1991.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
m.   and widoff s. : dynamic service matchmaking among agents in open information environments journal acm sigmod record   special issue on semantic k sycara   k lu   
paradoxical embolism-report of a case involving four organ systems ma islam   k khalighi   je goldstein   j raso journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
net partitions yield better module partitions j gong   l hagen   a kahng proc . of 29th design au-tomation gonf      
karmen 2 : a new precision in the search for neutrino oscillations j kleinfeller   b armbruster   m becker   a benen   g    
the farm crisis and mental health : a longitudinal ( 1981   1986   1989 ) and comparative study of the p beeson   d johnson   s ortega unpublished manuscript    
bladder training for urinary incontinence in adults 2004.0 sa wallace   b roe   k williams   m palmer cochrane database syst rev    
stopover behaviour and departure decision of northern wheatears   oenanthe oenanthe   facing different behavioral ecology and sociobiology   2001.0 v dierschke   j delingat   
likableness ratings of 555 personality-trait words journal of personality and social psychology   nh anderson  1968.0 
difficulties confronting young children undertaking investigations   j watters   l english    
semantic heterogeneity as a result of domain evolution v ventrone acm sigmod record   1991.0 
finite volume methods for acoustics and elasto-plasticity with damage in a heterogeneous medium phd thesis   university of washington   seattle   washington   t fogarty   
intention-based home video browsing t mei   xs hua proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2005.0 
leukemia in electrical workers in new zealand ne pearce   ra sheppard   jk howard   j fraser   bm 1985.0  lancet i    
a new algorithm for ionospheric tomography proc . int . beacon satellite g fehmers   
thin-lm electroluminescent displays : device characteristics and performance   '' pm alt proc . sid    
requirement of runx 1/aml 1/pebp 2 alphab for the generation of haematopoietic cells from 2001.0 t yokomizo   m ogawa   m osato   t kanno   h yoshida   genes to cells    
y2k : reality and myth pc magazine   mj miller   
source the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large data bases archive fj maryanski the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
energy-efficient pcf operation of ieee 802.11 a wlans via transmit power control computer networks   2003.0 d qiao   s choi   a soomro   kg shin   
seeded grasses and temporary pastures as a complement to native range for beef cattle production eh mcilvain proc . 29th annu . mtg.   am . soc . of range manage.   omaha   ne    
harvard business school pr e economy   
communications issues in concurrent life-cycle design and construction bt technology journal   1997.0 cj anumba   g baron   nfo evbuomwan   
coupling between physical and biological fields in the north atlantic subtropical front southeast of e fernã ¡ ndez   rd pingree   
approaches to recovery-oriented computing a fox   d patterson   
malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor : a fine-needle aspiration biopsy study rs mcgee jr   wg ward   se kilpatrick   
datasplash c olston   a woodruff   a aiken   m chu   v ercegovac   sigmod conference   1998.0 
method for performing measurements of heat radiation intensity and spatial distribution aa malâ ?? tsev   ma malâ ?? tsev at .  
onion routing for anonymous and private internet connections 1999.0 d goldschlag   m reed   p syverson communications-acm    
the effects of centrifugal and centripetal forces on product development speed and quality : how does k atuahene-gima academy of management journal     2003.0 
enhancing p2p file-sharing with an internet-scale query processor proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 bt loo   jm hellerstein   r huebsch   s shenker   i   
semantic grammar : an engineering technique for constructing natural language understanding systems . rr burton acm sigart bulletin     1977.0 
sequoia 2000 metadata schema for satellite images jt anderson   m stonebraker  sigmod record   1994.0 
a distributive n-amendment game with endogenous agenda formation 2001.0 em penn   
university of washington vi learning  seattle    
an extensible classifier for semi-structured documents m tresch   a luniewski  proceedings of the fourth international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
crash recovery in quickstore c shi   
major uses of psychopharmacology in the emergency department ca glod  journal of emergency nursing   1994.0 
bounds on the efficiency of a classification procedure 1967.0 h chernoff   
brain literacy for educators vw berninger   tl richards  2002.0 
j and gregory ch 1931 aj bradley phil . mag    
determination of selenium and tellurium in lead alloys by graphite furnace and hydride generation at . spectrosc.   gj fox  1990.0 
increasing capacity and decreasing dealy through mobility in ad-hoc networks r moraes   h sadjadpour   j garcia-luna-aceves  submitted for  
fractional integrals and derivatives and some of their applications sg samko   aa kilbas   oi marichev 1987.0    
intradural sacral rhizotomies and implantation of an anterior sacral root stimulator in the 1991.0 ev kerrebroeck   e koldewijn   h wijkstra   fmj world journal of urology    
factors affecting chinook populations d weitkamp   g ruggerone  report to the city of seattle   seattle   washington    
a prototype content-based retrieval system that uses virtual images to save space l brown proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
using assessment data to improve teaching . pj gray  new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
independent components of relations j rissanen acm transactions on database systems   1977.0 
using peer institutions in financial and budgetary analyses t anderes new directions for higher education     1999.0 
the sleepâ ?? s microstructure in depression : alterations of the phase relations between eeg rhythms j rã ¶ schke   k mann   2000.0 
enveloping computers and users in a collaborative 3d augmented reality a butz   t hã ¶ llerer   s feiner   b macintyre   c  proc . iwar    
efficiency of preventive treatment for osteoporosis after renal transplantation a ugur   n guvener   i isiklar   h karakayali   r  transplant proc   2000.0 
database research at la trobe university sigmod record   1992.0 j zeleznikow   
galileo : a strongly-typed a albano   l cardelli   r orsini  interactive conceptual language   '' acm tods    
church-related colleges and universities : an agenda for the 1990 s and beyond . rl noftzgerâ ? ¦  new directions for higher education   1992.0 
proceedinas 14th ieee photovoltaic soecialists conference ss li   wl wang   pw lai   ry loo   gs kamath   rc  san diego    
a platform based on the multi-dimensional data model for analysis of bio-molecular structures s srinivasa   s kumar proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;      
j. batter in p. kilpatrick . project grope-haptic displays for scientific visualization f brooks   m ouh-young proceedings of acm    
the ants b holldobler   eo wilson 1990.0    
evaluation of edge caching/offloading for dynamic content delivery c yuan   y chen   z zhang ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0    
the utility of reversed transfers in metaphor ja barnden   
operation of a megawatt coaxial gyrotron at 165 ghz ct iatrou   o braz   g dammertz   s kern   m kuntze   b proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves   & hellip ;      
an essay on state-dependent utility   the tort system as insurance and strict liability versus ideas.repec.org    
concepts for design of an information system conceptual schema and its utilization in the remora vldb   o foucaut   c rolland   
translation lexicon acquisition from bilingual dictionaries ds doermann   h ma   b karagol-ayan   dw oard  proceedings of spie   2004.0 
standardising and validating high spatial resolution satellite data in the kalahari rangelands of op dube  proc 28th int symp rem sens and 3rd symp afr assoc rem sens & hellip ;    
store more   spend less : mid-range options around computerworld   nb maginnis   
generating functions in computational biology : a survey m regnier   
on the support of dependencies in relational databases : strong approximate dependencies data mining and knowledge discovery   submitted for & hellip ;   i blanco   m martãn - bautista   d sã ¡ nchez   m vila   
the development of graduate students as reaching scholars : a four year longitudinal study   final jd nyquist   ae austin   j sprague   dh wulff  seattle : university of washington    
the fund earned nil ( 2003 : nil ) in securities lending income for the year ended 31 december 2004 sl income as at      
exploring shopping behaviour amongst primary customers : patterns in store loyalty and expenditure t denison   s knox  proceedings of the 23rd emac conference   maastricht   the & hellip ;    
a transaction-conscious multi-version cache replacement and prefetching policy for hybrid data a seifert   mh scholl    
testing a distributed system : generating minimal synchronised test sequences that detect output - rm hierons 2001.0  information & software technology    
the context interchange approach to semantic interoperability ch goh   s bressan   se madnick   md siegel proc . acm sigmod int . conf on management of  
teacherâ ?? student confrontations j hocker new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
drawing from data . g burton social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
globalization and urban change pl knox urban geography   1996.0    
a practical issue concerrning very large data bases g cohen  proceedings of the vldb conference ( dublin   ireland )   august    
convergence of sideways query evaluation f afrati   c papadimitriou   g papageorgiou   a proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0    
requirements   definitions   and notations for spatiotemporal application environments d pfoser   n tryfona    
queries on two headed fast disks with smart track management using dynamic scans k deighton information and software technology   1997.0 
monitoring juvenile chinook and steelhead migration routes with acoustic tags in the forebay of the tw steig   jh horchik   ma timko  inc.   seattle   washington    
feep thruster performance at high back-ground pressure a genovese   s marcuccio   m andrenucci    
versatile structural disambiguation for semantic-aware applications f mandreoli   r martoglia   e ronchetti 2005.0  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
a single pass computing engine for interactive analysis of vldbs 1998.0 t mihalisin vldb    
wilson ja and yoffe ad 1972 aj grant phil . mag      
efficiency in parallel computation : algorithms   emulations   and vlsi pins   university of maryland at kj rappoport md      
hill . cost-effective parallel computing da wood   d mark ieee computer    
time independent invocation in java cms 2000.0 m hof   a ulbert periodica polytechnica electrical engineering    
selecting managers for foreign assignments y zeira   m banai management decision    
is the argentine gdp stationary around a broken trend ? ge utrera unpublished  
the risk premium approach to measuring a utilityâ ?? s cost of equity e brigham   d shome   s vinson financial management      
effect of pharmacological agents on endoeytosis and coendocytosis oflge by rat basophilic leukemia 1985.0 k furuichi   j rivera   c isersky   
authentication revised tyc woo   ss lam ieee computer    
a decision process model of r & d resource allocation in hierarchical organizations ep winkofsky   nr baker   dj sweeney management science   1981.0    
impact of a case-managed hiv care program on health care access and expenditures unpublished manuscript   s crystal   u sambamoorthi   at lo sasso   
dynamic vp-tree indexing for n-nearest neighbor search given pair-wise distances aw fu   pm chan   yl cheung   ys moon the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;     2000.0 
publishers   london   1983 j allsop   c cassellâ ?? s studentsâ ?? english    
trac programming languages : history and fundamentals   je sammet   
access to objects by path expressions and rules . vldbâ ?? 94 proceedings of 20th international conference on very large & hellip ;   j frohn   g lausen   h uphoff   
kent . d. wilken . precise register allocation for irregular architectures t kong proc . acm  
a mathematical modeling approach to the automatic selection of database designs st march   dg severance    
the radiance lighting simulation and rendering system gj ward proceedings of siggraph   1994.0 
a new hazard of cornstarch   an absorbable dusting powder cm ruhl   jh urbancic   pa foresman   mj cox   gt  journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
ultrashort laser pulse phenomena : fundamentals   techniques   and applications on a femtosecond time jc diels   w rudolph san diego    
the health of poor urban women : findings from the project on devolution and urban change df polit   as london   jm martinez    
natural video browsing cz zhu   t mei   xs hua  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
sustainable growth under inflation financial management   r higgins   
eliminating fuzzy duplicates in data warehouses r ananthakrishna   s chaudhuri   v ganti  vldb   2002.0 
the marking and interactional functions of epistemic stance in american english conversational e kã $ rkkã $ inen   1998.0 
broadband access via satellite a ephremides   d friedman   mh hadjitheodosiou  computer networks    
statistical guarantees for packet buffers : the monolithic dram case g shrimali   n mckeown  stanford university hpng technical  
galileo : a strongly typed language for complex objects a albano   l cardelli   r orsini acm tods      
coping with java programming stress jva rt   jm bieman ieee computer    
a conic programming approach to generalized tchebyche inequalities   '' l zuluaga   jf pena submitted for publication   2003.0 
f. kaashoek   h. balakrishnan . chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service for internet i stoica   r morris   d karger proceedings of acm sigcomm 2001      
inoue : â ?? implementation of relevance feedback for content-based music retrieval based on user z hoashi  proceedings of acm-sigir    
formation of a ribonucleoprotein complex of mouse hepatitis virus involving heterogeneous nuclear x zhang   hp li   w xue   mmc lai 1999.0  virology-new york -    
neutron-capture gamma-ray activation analysis . design of apparatus for trace analysis . sm lombard   tl isenhour   ph heintz   gl woodruff     1968.0 
synchronizing oscillators in mesh-connected networks ga pratt   j nguyen preparation . mit laboratory for computer  
a case study of river falls high school students enrolled in spanish iii and iv r white   
a virtual memory mapped network interface for shrimp multiprocessor proc . 21st int . symp . on computer architecture   m blumrich   k li   r alpert   c dubniki   e felten   j   
issues in implementing a randomized experiment in a field setting ja devine   jd wright   lm joyner new directions for program evaluation    
unintended effects in using learning technologies 2000.0 a herrmann   r fox   a boyd new directions for adult and continuing education    
el hagen & j. rosenfeld m saunders   p vogel acc . chem . res    
spatial hash-joins   acm sigmod intl ml lo   cv ravishankar conference on management of data    
improved landscape metrics for environmental monitoring and assessment rc frohn phd   university of california santa barbara ( ucsb )    
providing views and closure for the object data management group object model information and software technology   1999.0 m roantree   
architecture and implementation of the darmstadt database kernel system . acm-sigmod hb paulâ ? ¦ proc . int . conf . on management of data   san francisco      
planning the motions of an all-terrain vehicle by using both geometric and physical models in ieee m cherif   c laugier   c milesi-bellier   b faverjon  san-diego ( usa )    
two new imaging techniques promise to improve ic defect identification electronic design   c ajluni   
anti-epileptic drugs for preventing seizures following acute traumatic brain injury g schierhout   i roberts cochrane database syst rev   2000.0    
database research at the university of oklahoma l brown   r dirckze   s guinepain   c sanchez   b acm sigmod record   1999.0    
an improved correlation for predicting two-phase flow boiling heat transfer coefficient in 21 stnational heat transfer conference   seattle   washington   & hellip ;   sg kandlikar   
denial-of-service resilience in peer-to-peer file sharing systems d dumitriu   e knightly   a kuzmanovic   i stoica   w   
name-tracing using the icl content addressable filestore ag ward vldb   1984.0 
how concept becomes reality . vol . 36 . ii j stinson   r adsit   f gordaninejad   1991.0 
calculation of energy of low-angle grain boundaries . ac shi   c rottman   y he  phil . mag.   1987.0 
atmospheric parameterization schemes in meteo-franceâ ?? s arpege nwp model ecmwf seminar procs.â ?? parameterization of subgridscale & hellip ;   jf geleyn   e bazile   p bougeault   m dã © quã ©   v   
calibration of incident detection algorithms for operational use j arceneaux   j smith   a dunnett   h payne & hellip ; foundation conference   â ?? santa barbara   california    
how to steer an embedded software project : tactics for selecting the software process model p kettunen   m laanti information and software technology   2004.0 
finite element analysis of multimode cavities with coupled electrical and thermal fields dc dibben   ac metaxas proc . 29th impi microwave power  
al. 1991 . efficient assembly of complex objects t keller proc . acm  
the implementation of germ   an entity-relationship data base management system rl benneworth   cd bishop   cjm turnbull   wd holman   vldb   1981.0 
faster checking of software specifications by eliminating isomorphs - group of 2 & raquo ; proceedings of the 23rd acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ;   1996.0 d jackson   s jha   ca damon   
can fuel cells commercialize in the 21st century j simonelli unpublished manuscript      
thyrotoxic periodic paralysis and intravenous propranolol in the emergency setting rh birkhahn   tj gaeta   l melniker 2000.0  journal of emergency medicine    
experiments in store fi'agmentation b steensgaard technical report   microsoft research   1995 . in    
logic programming with costs vw marek   m truszczynski 1999.0  unpublished manuscript    
double-cleavage production of the ctl epitope by proteasomes and pa28 : role of the flanking region n shimbara   h nakajima   n tanahashi   k ogawa   s genes to cells     1997.0 
how a president   distracted by scandal   entered balkan war e sciolino   e bronner    
how java programs interact with virtual machines at the microarchitectural level l eeckhout   a georges   k de bosschere    
one-dimensional modeling of a peltier element w seifert   c strumpel    
toward recovery-oriented computing 2002.0 a fox vldb    
lclint userâ ?? s guide ( 2nd edn )   vol . 2 1996.0 d evans   
the management transition l goff  computerworld    
compiling for concurrency : planning and performing software thread integration ag dean  proceedings of the 23rd ieee real-time systems  
on the equivalence of database restructurings involving object identifiers ( extended abstract ) r hull   m yoshikawa 1991.0  proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;    
strategy follows structure : the missing link of their intertwined relation rm burton   aj kuhn unpublished manuscript    
designing systems-on-chip using cores   dacâ ?? 2000â ?? design automation conference   los angeles   usa   ra bergamaschi   wr lee proceedings   acm    
acoustic profiles in vocal emotion expression journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 r banse   kr scherer   
the activation approach in dutch and belgian social policies r van berkel   j de schampheleire journal of european area studies   2001.0    
cell death with predominant apoptotic features in saccharomyces cerevisiae mediated by deletion of genes to cells   m yamaki   t umehara   t chimura   m horikoshi  2001.0 
the role of metallothionein in cadmium-induced bone resorption mh bhattacharrya   ca blum   ak wilson see ref      
energy transfer and excimer formation in rare gas solids ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1984.0 wf scott   
interaction of drugs with microtubule proteins l wilson   jr bamburg   sb mizel   lm grisham   km 1974.0  fed proc    
mutual disambiguation of recognition errors in a multimodal architecture sl oviatt   
cords : automatic generation of correlation statistics in db2 if ilyas   v markl   pj haas   pg brown   a aboulnaga  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
rfi analysis applied to the tdrss system ( tracking and data relay satellite system performance ) ja jenny & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1973.0    
performing joins without decompression in a compressed database system sigmod record     n winterbottom  2003.0 
curriculum   education and training about multimedia ea fox proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0    
helicopter usage monitoring for fatigue life calculation european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   md robertson  1999.0 
task allocation in a distributed system j hine   t holzer procs . of  
anita swinson anderson   6 sep 1999   '' as anderson   
behavioral audiogram and masked thresholds of the megachiropteran echolocating bat   rousettus ra suthers   ca summers  journal of comparative physiology a : sensory   neural   and & hellip ;   1980.0 
the grammars of trust : a model and general implications bh sheppard   dm sherman  the academy of management review   1998.0 
barrier agents for preventing adhesions after surgery for subfertility cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 c farquhar   p vandekerckhove   a watson   a vail   d   
rewriting queries using views in description logics c beeri   ay levy   mc rousset proceedings of the sixteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1997.0 
a programming language for object databases a albano   g ghelli   r orsini  j. very large data bases    
density biased sampling : an improved method for data mining and clustering cr palmer 2000.0  sigmod conference    
intrusion-detection for incident-response   using a military battlefield-intelligence process j yuill   f wu   j settle   f gong   r forno   m huang   computer networks   2000.0    
induction of heterotypic neutralizing antibodies by rotavirus-like particles se crawford   mk estes   m ciarlet   c barone   cm o submitted for  
superconductivity in layered structures of rare-earth carbide halides r eger   rk kremer acc . chem . res     1979.0 
independent component analisis of magnetoencephalography data m bucolo   l fortuna   n frasca   m la rosa   ds  proceedings 23rd embc  
the halo effect : evidence for unconscious alteration of judgments re nisbett   td wilson journal of personality and social psychology      
introduction to a system for distributed databases acm trans . on database systems   jb rothnie   pa bernstein   sa fox   n goodman   mm   
parsing and browsing tools for colonoscopy videos y cao   d li   w tavanapong   jh oh   j wong   pc de proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
public opinion and the spanish-american war ; a study in war propaganda . 1932.0 mm wilkerson   
flit : flexowriter interrogation tape : a symbolic utility for tx-o tg stockham   jb dennis  technical report memo 5001-23   massachusetts institute of  
2000 end of year report on campus outreach initiatives m casas   s fenstermaker  1999.0 
parallel execution of test runs for database application systems f haftmann   d kossmann   e lo 2005.0  proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;    
letâ ?? s eavesdrop on managers . s marx   t gary computerworld    
hydrogen sulfide concentrations around swine farms cl tengman   rn goodwin   jr bicudo procs . of the international symposium addressing animal & hellip ;    
research at alta'ir 1991.0 gip altgir sigmod record    
applications of artificial neural networks to satellite systems bt technology journal   1993.0 gd bye   
integrated syst d manual  eng.   zurich   switzerland    
the lowering of fracture-stress due to surface adsorption phil . mag   nj petch   
bus : an effective indexing and retrieval scheme in structured documents d shin   h jin   
disabled-2 gene inactivation by homozygous deletion in breast and ovarian tumors z fazili   z sheng   w sun   c cohen   le mendez   ir   2001.0 
brain enzyme histochemistry following stabilization by microwave irradiation e marani   p bolhuis   me boon the histochemical journal   1988.0    
cost-reduced cable delivery for the 21st century aj mayhew   dj stockton bt technology journal     1998.0 
evaluation of gritting strategies for high angle of attack using wind tunnel and flight test data rm hall   ge erickson   ch fox jr   dw banks   df   
how quality contributes consumer satisfaction : a preliminary study to investigate how hotel h nadiri  6th international conference : quality management and & hellip ;    
international migrations   argentina   vol i ferenczi   w wilcox i statistics   nber    
understanding the performance of many tcp flows l qiu   y zhang   s keshav  computer networks   2001.0 
becoming a faculty developer s wilcox  new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
a survey of logical models for olap databases p vassiliadis   tk sellis sigmod record   1999.0    
a technique to analyze information-flow in object-oriented programs 2003.0 b li information and software technology    
yahoo! store . n randall  pc  
a new general triangulation method for planar contours s ganapathy   tg dennehy acm siggraph computer graphics   1982.0    
the island fox : a field study of its behavior and ecology 1977.0 ll laughrin   
emulation of ad-hoc networks on ieee 802.11 2000.0 f kubinszky   
building on rock rather than sand bt technology journal   2001.0 m hogg   sm bouch   mfg smeaton   
route panoramas for city navigation jy zheng   m shi   m kato proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;     2003.0 
programming distributed applications with com and microsoft visual basic 6.0 t pattison   1998.0 
precision tillage : in-field   real-time control of seedbed quality procs . of   aj scarlett   jc lowe   da semple   
young citizens : partners in classroom management d metzger social studies and the young learner   2000.0    
developing a personal and professional agenda for change . e hayes 1994.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
new office : more than you bargained for . ml marcus computerworld.   1983.0    
a support vector machine with a hybrid kernel and minimal vapnik-chervonenkis dimension y tan   j wang knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on   2004.0    
dfg-abschluã ? bericht zur groã?sã $ ugerfauna aus dem geiã?enklã ¶ sterle s mã 1/4 nzel unpublished manuscript    
r. narasayya . autoadmin ` whatif ` index analysis utility s chaudhuriandv proc . of acm sigmod    
thesprite network operating system j ousterhout   a cherenson   f douglis   m nelson   b ieee computer      
toil   sweat and the city s pendse bombay : metaphor for modern india      
how welfare and work policies affect children : a synthesis of the literature manpower demonstration research corporation   p morris   a huston   g duncan   d crosby   j bos   
comet kohoutek : ground and airborne high resolution tilting-filter ir photometry c barbieri   cb cosmovici   s dropatz   kw michel   t study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;     1976.0 
growth functions in marketing management c skiadas 1987.0    
dans proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference m skubiszewski   p valduriez athens ( greece )    
the collegiate ideal in the twenty-first century aw chickering   j kytle new directions for higher education     1999.0 
earthquake hazard of the santa barbara fold belt   california 2000.0 ea keller   ld gurrola   
round efficiency of multi-party computation with a dishonest majority lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 j katz   r ostrovsky   a smith   
finite element modeling in surgery simulation m bro-nielsen   1998.0 
manipulating interpolated data is easier than you thought vldb   2000.0 s grumbach   p rigaux   l segoufin   
surf . coatings technol y qiang   r th   y thurner   o rattunde   h haberland 1997.0    
using java for multimedia collaborative applications h abdel-wahab   b kvande   s nanjangud   o kim   jp   
root cause analysis of laboratory delays to an emergency department journal of emergency medicine   cmb fernandes   r walker   a price   j marsden   l  1997.0 
tabular constraint-satisfaction problems and answer-set programming r finkel   vw marek   m truszczynski   
electronic data interchange : a total management guide ma emmelhainz    
fire and vegetation management plan   providence landing   vandenberg village   california . prepared k burton   e gevirtz inc.   santa barbara   california      
tcp-aware packet marking in networks with diffserv support m mellia   i stoica   h zhang computer networks   2003.0 
access to objects by path expressions and rules j frohn   g lausen   h uphoff proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     1994.0 
practical privacy : the sulq framework a blum   c dwork   f mcsherry   k nissim   
on the nature and function of emotion : a component process approach kr scherer approaches to emotion      
women in community psychology : empowerment in process c swift   ma bond   i serrano-garcä ± ã ¡ unpublished manuscript    
chord : a scalable p2p lookup service for internet applications i stoica   r morris   d karger   mf kaashoek   h proc . of acm sigcomm      
metropolitan state university . new directions for higher education   rc fox   ls harvey  1993.0 
parallel distributed processing : explorationsin the microstructureof cognition volume i : de rumelhart   ge hinton   rj williams   
implementing pbl in a large class and as part of a conventional program dr woods  new directions in teaching and learning   â ?? l. wilkerson and & hellip ;    
contestable markets and the theory of industry structure   revised edition wj baumol   jc panzar   rd willig san diego    
ndpollex : comparative polynesian lexicon b biggs   r clark  electronic  
a new approach to sampled data control systemsâ ?? a function space approach y yamamoto  proc . 29th cdc   honolulu    
defining scholarship for the twenty-first century rm diamond new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
comparison of view-based object recognition algorithms using realistic 3d models lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 v blanz   b schoelkopf   h buelthoff   c burges   v   
microsoft excel 2000/visual basic for applications fundamentals r jacobson  1999.0 
pencigraphyâ ?? with agc : joint parameter estimation in both domain and range of functions in same s mann   
why decision support fails and how to fix it r kimball   k strehlo  acm sigmod record   1995.0 
catastrophic neck-flow transition during laser-heated drawing d poly ( ethylene terephthalate ) fiber y ohkoshi   j watanabe   w okumura   y gotoh   m senâ ?? i gakkaishi    
effects of feeding different protein/energy levels and essential fatty acids on growth   physiology e fountoulaki   2004.0 
a phonology of ngyemb oo n-bamileke sc anderson unpublished manuscript    
decadal variability in the composition of faroe shetland channel bottom water wr turrell   g slesser   rd adams   r payne   pa    
efficiency of the si engine fuelled with methanol-gasoline blends a kowalewicz 1994.0  proceedings-institution of mechanical engineers part d & hellip ;    
entity-relationship approach to the conceptual schema design 1980.0 h sakai proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
accountability and complexity of thought pe tetlock journal of personality and social psychology      
adapting to route-demand and mobility in ad hoc network routing computer networks   2002.0 s ahn   au shankar   
adventures in space and time : browsing personal collections of geo-referenced digital photographs m naaman   s harada   q wang   a paepcke technical report   stanford university   april 2004 . submitted for  
the purpose of human resource development is to improve organizational performance ra swanson   de arnold new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
public displays of connection 2004.0 j donath   d boyd bt technology journal    
additive utility without restricted solvability on all components submitted for publication   c gonzales   
finite quantum electrodynamics 1995.0 g scharf   
serum hepatitis g virus rna in patients with chronic viral hepatitis a marrone   w shih   y nakatsuji journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
evidence for circulating bone marrow-derived endothelial cells q shi   s rafii   es wijelath   c yu   a ishida   y blood-new york -     1998.0 
performance modellingâ ?? what   why   when and how p singleton bt technology journal   2002.0 
database research at the university of oklahoma . 1999.0 acms anthology sigmod record    
calcification of rachitic cartilage to study matrix vesicle function 1976.0 hc anderson   sw sajdera fed proc    
use of ammophila arenaria for dune stabilization in south africa and its current distributionâ ?? um hertling  environmental management   1999.0 
information literacy : developing students as independent learners jk olsen new directions for higher education    
geographic applications development : models and tools for the abstract level   '' n tryfona   t hadzilacos proc . of    
schwangerschaftsinfektionen bei systematischen schizophrenien und zykloiden psychosen g stã ¶ ber   i kocher   e franzek   h beckmann   1996.0 
a dise implementation of dynamic code decompression ml corliss   ec lewis   a roth   
stepwise specification of dynamic database behaviour proc . uw lipeck   
supporting diversity with faculty learning communities : teaching and learning across boundaries mc petrone 2004.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
never confuse efficiency with a liver complaint 1997.0 i ayres wisconsin law review    
the psr gene of enterococcus hirae atcc9790 is longer than previously reported submitted for o massidda   o dardenne   mb whalen   w zorzi   j   
properties of bird song eliciting responses from territorial males proc . int . ornithol . congr   jb falls   
hyperventilation therapy for acute traumatic brain injury g schierhout   i roberts cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
the finite element method oc zienkiewicz   
a cost-effective approximation for srd traffic in arbitrary multi-buffered networks dd kouvatsos   iu awan   rj fretwell   g dimakopoulos computer networks   2000.0 
keynote paper : from marketing mix to relationship marketingâ ?? towards a paradigm shift in marketing c grã ¶ nroos management decision     1997.0 
scalar structure underlies telicity in â ?? degree achievementsâ ?? 1999.0 j hay   c kennedy   b levin proceedings of salt    
an integrated approach to logical design of relational database schemes acm transactions on database systems   c beeri   m kifer  1986.0 
data cleaning in microsoft sql server 2005 proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   s chaudhuri   k ganjam   v ganti   r kapoor   v  2005.0 
the role of diuretic agents in the management of acute renal failure r venkataram   ja kellum 2001.0  contributions to nephrology    
interatomic interactions in the local density approximation ( abstract only ) oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 ap seitsonen   mj puska   rm nieminen   
global compactness result for elliptic problems with critical nonlinearity on symmetric domains ( ma clapp at  
ã cents â ? ¬ the entity-relationship model towards a united view of dataã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents p chen  acm trans . database  
automated discovery   interaction and composition of web services journal of web k sycara   m paolucci   a ankolekar   n srinivasan   
the birds of washington . volume ii wl dawson   jh bowles 1909.0    
ideologically structured action : an enlarged agenda for social movement research mn zald mobilization-san diego -   2000.0 
minorities and women and honors education . mla harvey new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
the quantum theory of radiation and line spectra phil . mag   w wilson   
reverse link power control performance for high speed data over cdma s kumar   s nanda   a falconi  proc . int . conf . telecommunications  
strategic laboratory use : how to use hypothesis-based laboratory testing proc . 28th annu . conv . am . assn. bov . pract.   san antonio   & hellip ;   d hancock   
south dakota state university m ed  ph. d.   university of california   santa  
on the influence of the kernel on the consistency of support vector machines i steinwart  journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
r. desjardins   widearea technologies and services in the trans-pacific high data rate ( hdr ) e hsu   c hung   n kadowaki   n yoshimura   t proceedings of the 23rd pacific telecommunications  
development of cavitation and enhanced injector models for diesel fuel injection system simulation hk lee   mf russell   cs bae   hd shin   
attitudes toward rape : a comparative analysis of police   rapists   crisis counselors   and citizens hs feild journal of personality and social psychology      
the uses of ecology : lake washington and beyond.â ?? university of washington press wt edmondson seattle   washington      
context interchange : sharing the meaning of data e madnick   m siegel  sigmod record    
cognitive modeling demonstrates how people use anticipated location knowledge of menu items aj hornof   de kieras    
teaching by telephone ch olgren 1997.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
acousto-optics - a review of fundamentals a korpel ieee   proceedings     1981.0 
learned helplessness : the result of uncontrollable reinforcements or uncontrollable aversive stimuli journal of personality and social psychology   js benson   kj kennelly   
supporting rfid-based item tracking applications in oracle dbms using a bitmap datatype y hu   s sundara   t chorma   j srinivasan   oo drive 2005.0  proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;    
chemicalâ ® fingerprinting and in vitro toxicological profiling for the safety evaluation of h noteborn   a lommen   jm weseman   rcm van der jagt report of the demonstration programme on food safety & hellip ;   1998.0 
capturing both types and constraints in data integration m benedikt   cy chan   w fan   j freire   r rastogi sigmod conference     2003.0 
a and pitt gd 1971 phil . mag   ja wilson   
setting two variables at a time yields a new lower bound for random 3-sat d achioptas proc . 32nd acm stoc      
developing scholarly teaching and the scholarship of teaching and learning through faculty learning new directions for teaching and learning   l richlin   md cox  2004.0 
description logics for semantic query optimization in object-oriented database systems d beneventano   s bergamaschi   c sartori 2003.0  acm transactions on database systems    
setting economic leakage targets c report    
an inherently loss-less and bandwidth-efficient periodic broadcast scheme for vbr video ( poster i nikolaidis   f li   a hu proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;      
estimating frequency of change   2000 j cho   h garcia-molina submitted to vldb 2000   research    
aspects of the design of the tsing ma bridge . as beard   js young proc.   int . conf . on bridges into the 21st century   & hellip ;      
a holistic architecture for knowledge discovery in multi-database environments ag bã 1/4 chner   b yang   s ram   da bell   jg hughes  proc . acm sigmod workshop on research issues on data mining & hellip ;   1997.0 
spatial hash-joins ml lo   cv ravishankar 1996.0  proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
results of a cultural resources inventory of the swift reservoir   skamania county   washington . draft ln goetz  inc.   seattle   washington    
automatic music video generation based on temporal pattern analysis xs hua   l lu   hj zhang    
advanced quasi-optical mode converter for a step-tunable 118-162 ghz   1 mw gyrotron proc . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter m thumm   g michel   a mobius   d wagner   
how aristotle discovered dna aip conference proceedings   m delbrã 1/4 ck  1976.0 
the e ect of np definiteness on parsing attachment ambiguity proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the north east & hellip ;   j sedivy   mj spivey-knowlton   
diel and seasonal occurrence of inmature fishes in a louisiana tidal pass . 161-170 p ds sabins   fm truesdale proc . 28th ann . se assoc. game and fish . comm.   white sulfur & hellip ;      
information integration : the momis project demonstration . supporting multiple inheritance d beneventano   s bergamaschi   s castano   a corni    proc . int . conf . on very large data bases  
surface compression with geometric bandelets g peyre   s mallat   ep cmap proceedings of acm siggraph 2005     2005.0 
anaphylaxis caused by polymixin b sulfate and zinc bacitracin ointment ka fox 1994.0  journal of emergency nursing    
a new multi-search engine for querying data through an internet search service on corba . ys chang   sm yuan   w lo 2000.0  computer networks    
using z to specify object-oriented software complexity measures information and software technology   tk shih   cc wang   cm chung   
multiobjective evolutionary algorithms applied to two problems in the telecommunications bt technology journal   dk joshua   jo martin   wc david   
programming visualization : graphical support for software development g brown   rt carling   cf herot   d kramlich   p souza ieee computer    
isbn 0 ww wiley    
a kernel for temporally correct reactive systems m ackerman  msc thesis   computer science department   university of  
research in database engineering at the university of namur jl hainaut sigmod record     2003.0 
low order h         controller synthesis pmm bongers   oh bosgra proc . 29th ieee conf . dec. and contr.   honolulu    
revised stable models-a new semantics for logic programs lm pereira   am pinto   
the empirical study of knowledge elicitation techniques n shadbolt   am burton    
wiley   1998 s processing    
reluctance of paramedics and emergency medical technicians to perform mouth-to-mouth resuscitation p hew   b brenner   j kaufman journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
multi-stage negotiation support : a conceptual framework information and software technology   c featherstone   sp jackson   jlh lim  1999.0 
de crisis overwonnen-kwaliteit   produktiviteit en concurrentiepositie we deming isbn      
beginning aymara ; a course for english speakers . p wexlerâ ? ¦ 1967.0    
the influences of modeling : gaining competence and confidence to teach np gallavan   lg putney   d brantley  social studies and the young learner   2002.0 
deriving requirements from process models via the problem frames approach k cox   k phalp   sj bleistein   j verner  information and software technology    
adaptive classification of web documents to users interests g potamias   
variable-structure control of decentralized model-reference adaptive systems xx hao   wy hua   hw hu  1990.0 
technology roadmapping : the integration of strategic and technology planning for competitiveness oh bray   ml garcia    
the case for a hybrid p2p search infrastructure bt loo   r huebsch   i stoica   jm hellerstein    
computer simulation of a regional housing system dw sears proc . acm urban symposium      
geographic routing without location information proceedings of the 9th annual international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 a rao   c papadimitriou   s shenker   i stoica   
interpretation of myoelectric power spectra : a model and its applications l lindstrom   r magnusson  proc . ieee    
facilitating faculty learning communities : a compact guide to creating change and inspiring new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 mc petrone   l ortquist-ahrens   
usability evaluation of the city university of new york cuny + database electronic library   a oulanov  2001.0 
a simplified cost-effective method for area-wide testing of trypanocidal drug sensitivity of t. s geerts   jm ndungâ ?? u   g murilla   ha mbwambo   l  proceedings of the 25 thmeeting of the international & hellip ;    
university of washington press ga bradley  seattle    
consumers ` use of enhanced tv features and interest in e-commerce on cable network websites 2002.0 l ha electronic markets    
interaction of electromagnetic field with rain medium with respect to the satellite link attenuation o fiser czech technical university   prague      
potential benefits of delta encodingand data compressionfor http jc mogul   f douglis   a feldmann   b krishnamurthy proc . acm sigcomm      
tractable query languages for complex object databases s grumbach    
the activation approach in dutch and belgian social policies jan de schampheleire 2001.0  journal of european area studies    
fundamentals of production theory r fã $ re  1988.0 
water quality functions of riparian forest buffers in chesapeake bay watersheds r lowrance  environmental management   1997.0 
full text pdf format pdf ( 424 kb ) source acm sigmod record archive c olston   a woodruff   a aiken   m chu   v ercegovac   acm sigmod record     1998.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ the entity-relationship model : toward a unified view of dataã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents c pp acm trans . on database systems    
resource allocation in multifiber wdm tree netoworks t erlebach   a pagourtzis   k potika   s stefanakos proc . of 29th international workshop on graph theoretic & hellip ;      
bcip ( # 34042   pierce ) los nbt  store  
voltage ranking using artificial neural network electronic engineering   1999.0 kl lo   wp luan   m given   jf macqueen   ao ekwue   am   
nsw tool builder 's guide re millstein   re schantz  technical report   massachusetts computer associates   inc.    
knowledge interchange format   version 3 reference manual   computer science department mr genesereth   re fikes  stanford university   1992   technical report logic-91-1 . ( http : / /  
neuromuscular blocking agents in the emergency department 1996.0 ma rubin   n sadovnikoff journal of emergency medicine    
andm . vincini . semanticintegration of semistructured and structured data sources s bergamaschi   s castano sigmod record 28    
experimental data and result for camera calibration z zhang microsoft research technical report   http://research . microsoft .    
journal writing in practice : from vision to reality 2001.0 lm english   ma gillen new directions for adult and continuing education    
protest and the scale politics of telecommunications political geography   1996.0 pc adams   
the implementation of a native atm transport for a high performance orb s pope   sl lo    
session : shape & texture table of contents k zhou   x wang   y tong   m desbrun   b guo   hy shum proceedings of acm siggraph 2005     2005.0 
markov decision processes with risksensitive average cost criterion : the discounted stochastic games r cavazos-cadena   e fernã ¡ ndez-gaucherand  submitted for publication    
using genetic algorithms to work out index configurations for the class-hierarchy indexing in object hj song   jh ahn   hj kim 2000.0  information & software technology    
the marketing scale effectiveness of virtual communities 2001.0 j bughin electronic markets    
using consultants to improve practice c knapper   s piccinin new directions for teaching and learning    
analysis of the kernel estimation of the density of functions of random variables ia ahmad   ar mugdadi  2000.0 
on the feasibility of peer-to-peer web indexing and search j li   bt loo   jm hellerstein   mf kaashoek   dr lecture notes in computer science   2003.0    
how the church acts.â ?? 1999.0 ma as embodiment   
ironic processes in the mental control of mood and mood-related thought dm wegner   r erber   s zanakos journal of personality and social psychology     1993.0 
evaluation of sctp multistreaming over satellite links m atiquzzaman   w ivancic   
compaq : reality sinks in m hamblen   k ohlson    
a yeast gene product   fob 1 protein   required for both replication fork blocking and recombinational t kobayashi   t horiuchi 1996.0  genes to cells    
workforce development : the policy debate new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0 jl wills   
index access with a finite buer gm sacco  13th international conference on very large data  
fundamentals of broadcast ofdm proc . 29th asilomar conf . on signals   systems   and computers & hellip ;   r wesel   j cioffi   
the '' end of geography '' in financial services ? local embeddedness and territorialization in the p agnes economic geography    
phylip manual j felsenstein university of washington   seattle    
extending the entity-relational model to capture spatial semantics t hadzilacos   n tryfona sigmod record      
design and implementation of rock & roll : a deductive object-oriented database system ml barja   aaa fernandes   nw paton   mh williams    
tracking and data ass ociation academic press inc.   san diego   y barâ ?? shalom   t fortmann   
insurer â ?? liesâ ?? to avoid year 2000 costs t ouellette  computerworld    
intra-and interorganizational cooperation : toward a research agenda kg smith   sj carroll   sj ashford the academy of management journal     1995.0 
towards a revised cen standard for electronic health record communication procs mobile-health europe   d kalra   g freriks   d lloyd   g klein   t beale   s   
marketing and retention strategies for adult degree programs ja brown new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0    
causes of epilepsy : contributions of the rochester epidemiology project mayo clinic proceedings   1996.0 jf annegers   wa rocca   wa hauser   
influence of mass ratio and structural comparability on the severity of injuries sustained by the f hartemann   jy foret-bruno   c thomas   c tarriere   procs 23 rdstapp car crash    
staff development : addressing issues of race and gender . new directions for adult and continuing education   dd amstutz  1994.0 
yu . a. nikolaev   et al.   â ?? influence of neutron flux density on radiation embrittlement of vvã?r -440 va nikolaenko   ea krasikov at .  
urban liveability : a review m pacione  urban geography    
design of a high-power sheet beam klystron dul yu   pb wilson aip conference proceedings   1992.0    
nebulised anti-pseudomonal antibiotics for cystic fibrosis 2003.0 g ryan   s mukhopadhyay   m singh cochrane database syst rev    
t. : '' a survey on logical models for olap databases ps vassiliadis  technical report   dwq   ntua   greece    
factorization of analytic functions in weighted bergman spaces sm shimorin  algebra i analiz    
page quality : in search of an unbiased web ranking j cho    
modeling and control of induction motors e delaleau   jp louis   r ortega   
roxels : responsibility weighted 3d volume reconstruction js de bonet   p viola    
how to read a poem : andfall in love with poetry e hirsch 1999.0    
acquisition of terminology knowledge using database design techniques proceedings acm sigmod conference   austin   usa cf eick   pc lockemann   
on experiments with a transport protocol for pervasive computing environments 2002.0 s avancha   v korolev   a joshi   t finin   y yesha computer networks    
implementing crash recovery in quickstore : a performance study sigmod conference     dj dewitt  1995.0 
public displays of connection . donath   judith and danah boyd j dona bt technology journal    
cross-functional project groups in research and new product development : diversity   communications   rt keller    
spatial patterns of foreign investment in china 's cities   1980-1989 h gong urban geography     1995.0 
how to leak a secret lecture notes in computer science   rl rivest   a shamir   y tauman  2002.0 
at al. analysis of low density parity check codes and improved designs using irregular graphs [ a ] mg luby   m mitzenmacher proc acm symp    
brain computerized tomography after hyperbaric oxygen therapy for carbon monoxide poisoning . j pracyk   b stolp   c fife journal of emergency medicine     1996.0 
design quality of websites for electronic commerce : fortune 1000 webmasters ' evaluations electronic markets   2000.0 c liu   
hong kong busks asia services trend computerworld   a foley   
budesonide at different doses for chronic asthma n adams   j bestall   pw jones cochrane database syst rev   2001.0    
surface potentials and the method of matching asymptotic expansions in the problem of the helmholtz algebra i analiz   rr gadylâ ?? shin   
semexâ ?? an efficient music retrieval prototype k lemstrom   s perttu proceedings ismir   2000.0    
a constructive view of gpsg or how to make it work s buseinann   c hauenschild procs . 12th col1ng-88   budapest    
efficiency loss in a cournot mechanism for network resource allocation r johari   jn tsitsiklis   
history and purpose of arizona forfei ture under ars sections 13-4301 c holmes  1990.0 
educating the virtual architect . promise and reality j petricâ ? ¦ proceedings of ecaade conference   weimar [ ed donath      
a new approach to current density impedance imaging kf hasanov   aw ma   rs yoon   ai nachman   ml joy   
meta-functions and contexts in an object-oriented database language m caruso   
nearest neighbor queries in road networks cs jensen   j kolar   tb pedersen   i timko    
a procedure for ranking efficient units in data envelopment analysis 1993.0 p andersen   nc petersen management science    
deleting completed transactions t hadzilacos   m yannakakis proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0    
toward a common language : emergency nursing uniform data set ( enuds ) v bradley journal of emergency nursing     1995.0 
non-kekule molecules-theory   practice and uses 1988.0 pm lahti   a ichimura   d modarelli   m kearley   
a vision driven automatic assembly unit : pose determination from a single image m berger   g bachler   s scherer   a pinz   
fundamentals of data element definition rm curtice  proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1981.0 
recombinant factor viia concentrate versus plasma derived concentrates for the treatment of acute d hind   m lloyd-jones   m makris   s paisley cochrane database syst rev   2004.0    
process control simulation research in monitoring analog and digital displays rh hanson   dg payne   r shively   b kantowitz proceedings of the human factors society 25 thannual meeting    
larger sperm outcompete smaller sperm in the nematode caenorhabditis elegans proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0 cw lamunyon   s ward   
generating a prototype from a uml model of system requirements x li   z liu   j he submitted for publication   2003.0 
evaluated phase diagrams of binary metal -- tellurium systems of the d-block transition elements   sr bharadwaj 1989.0    
atic experiment : elemental spectra from the ight in 2000 hs ahn   jh adams   g bashindzhagyanâ ? ¦ proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf.   tsukuba    
distributed multimedia databases : techniques and applications tk shih   2002.0 
palenque : an interactive multimedia digitalvideointeractive prototypeforchildren ks wilson proc . acm    
incidence and student response to faculty teaching norm violations new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 jm braxton   m rogers mann   
imperialism : the highest stage of capitalism vi lenin    
a scrape-off layer based density limit for jet elmy h-modes k borrass   j lingertat   r schneider contributions to plasma physics   1998.0    
pat-a reliable path following algorithm   aug. 2000 d mezher   b philippe submitted for    
adaptive multi-stage distance join processing proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   h shin   b moon   s lee  2000.0 
a single nine-amlno acid peptide induces virus-specific   cd8 + human cytotoxic t lymphocyte clones of j zivny   i kurane   am leporati   ma brinton   fa   
y fernã ¡ ndez-chamizo   c. : 1997   un enfoque basado en conocimiento para la reutilizaciã ³ n de m gã ³ mez-albarrã ¡ n   p gonzã ¡ lez-calero procs . of the conferencia de la asociaciã ³ n espaã ± ola para    
balancing histogram optimality and practicality for query result size estimation 1995.0 v poosala   
surface plasmons confined by microstructures ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1979.0 rw rendell   
modelling quality of service for workflows and web service processes a sheth   j cardoso   j miller   j arnold  2002.0 
developing an indexing scheme for xml document collections using the oracle8i extensibility 2001.0 s sundara   y hu   t chorma proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
iglue . v3 : an electronics metaphor for multimedia technologies integration t cabello-miguel   o fernã ¡ ndez-barracel   o garcãa 2004.0  proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
a new character-based indexing method using frequency data for japanese documents y ogawa   m iwasaki proc . 18th acm sigir conf    
how senior managers think . d isenberg  computerworld.   1984.0 
the rewards of teaching wj mckeachie  new directions for teaching and learning : motivating & hellip ;    
the chairperson and teaching . new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 ka trask   
compression and decompression of digital seismic waveform data for storage and communication 1991.0 ys bhadauria   v kumar   
the economy of mauritius during the second dutch occupation ( 1664â ?? 1710 ) in globalization and the proc . int . sem   d sleigh   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?receiver - driven layered multicast   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? s mccanne   v jacobson  proceedings of acm sigcomm ã cents    
performing tasks in networks with a constant fraction of non-faulty processors bs chlebus   l gasieniec   dr kowalski   aa   
adaptive and incremental processing for distance join queries hsbms lee   
around the turn of the century   i would guess at b area   
mclover : mobile content-based leaf image retrieval system 2005.0 s kim   y tak   y nam   e hwang proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
dual-doppler radar analysis of an oklahoma squall-line system conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   bf smull   ra houze  1984.0 
lane detection and tracking by video sensors j goldbeck   b huertgen   
dealing with customersâ ?? leakage h report    
dual chamber versus single chamber ventricular pacemakers for sick sinus syndrome and cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 j dretzke   wd toff   gy lip   j raftery   a fry-smith   
teaching in learning communities . f gabelnick   j macgregor   rs matthews   bl smith new directions for teaching and learning     1990.0 
using bilingual materials to develop word sense disambiguation methods kw church proceedings of acm sigir conference      
the importance of seed source in programmes to increase species diversity in arable systems 1999.0 m keller   
a flexible system for creating music while interacting with the computer z obrenovic proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0    
implications of nd-isotopic study of proterozoic garnet amphibolites and wollastonite skarns from ar basu   be faggart   m sharma proc . 28th internat . geol . congr . washington   dc      
rewards for teaching c knapper new directions for teaching and learning     1997.0 
a comparison of the coding efficiency of perceptual models rj safranek proc . spie   1995.0    
woodland culture area curriculum associates   seattle   washington   c ross   r fernandes   
spatial characterization of fbgâ ?? s using layer-peeling proc . 28th eur . conf . optical communication ( ecoc 2002 )   oh waagaard   e rã ¸ nnekleiv   jt kringlebotn   
ncgia core curriculum in giscience m goodchild university of california   santa barbara    
the familial phylogeny of the tetraodontiformes ( acanthopterygii : pisces ) as evidenced by their r winterbottom smithsonian contributions to zoology    
uniting teacher learning : collaborative inquiry for professional development jn bray new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
the many faces ofteam-teaching and learning : an overview . mj eisen new directions for adult and continuing    
learning and performing by exploration : label quality measured by latent semantic analysis r soto   
fast simulation of rare events in queueing and reliability models p heidelberger acm transactions on modeling and computer simulation ( tomacs & hellip ;   1995.0    
the real and financial decisions of unionized firms in a dynamic setting . university of california at santa barbara . processed   sg bronars   dr deere   
a rare plant survey of the hanford nuclear reservation fe caplow   ka beck  the nature conservancy of washington   seattle   washington    
beyond query by example proceedings of the sixth acm international conference on & hellip ;   s santini   r jain  1998.0 
uab : islam in bangladesh ra banu   
the squall line of 21 july 1992 in southern germany : an observational case study contributions to atmospheric physics   1997.0 sp haase-straub   m hagen   t hauf   d heimann   m   
experience with tcp vegas : emulation and experiment js ahn   pb danzig   z liu   l yan proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 95      
database machine architecture in the context of information technology evolution dk hsiao   se madnick 1977.0  vldb    
acme : an architecture description interchange language d garlan   r monroe   d wile  proceedings of cascon   1997.0 
optimum space-time convolutional codes q yan   rs blum    
the entity-relationship model : towards a unified view of data p pin   s chen  acm transactions on database systems   acm press new york   ny & hellip ;    
ion implantation in semiconductorsâ ?? part ii : damage production and annealing proc . ieee   jf gibbons   
a new voronoi-based surface reconstruction n amenta   m bern   m kamvysselis  proc . acm siggraph    
story diagrams : a new graph rewrite language based on the unified modeling language and java 2000.0 t fischer   j niere   l torunski   a zundorf lecture notes in computer science    
buer managementin relational database systems gm sacco   m schkolnick acm transactions on database systems      
database research : achievements and opportunities into the 21st century . a report of an nsf workshop a siberschatz   m stonebraker   jd ullman sigmod record   march      
database research : achievements and opportunities into the 1st century acm sigmod record   a silberschatz   m stonebraker   j ullman  1996.0 
generating efficient plans for queries using views fn afrati   c li   jd ullman    
scheduling video programs in near video-on-demand systems el abram-profeta   kg shin   
the birds of santa barbara county pe lehman california . univ. of california santa barbara . santa barbara      
radiation characteristics of graphite from decommissioned uraniumâ ?? graphite reactors at . vi bulanenko   vv frolov   ag nikolaev   
ultrashort pulse measurements proc . ieee   dj bradley   ghc new   
software visualizing in the large t ball   sg eick ieee computer      
corticosteroids for acute traumatic brain injury cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 p alderson   i roberts   
different - adrenergic-specific molecular probes reveal the same dna species in paramecium l surmacz   k krawczyk   e wyroba cellular and molecular biology letters   1997.0    
the diffraction of radio waves trom meteor trails and the measurement of meteor velocities phil . mag   jg davies   cd ellyett   
cyclosporine a for induction of remission in severe ulcerative colitis cochrane database syst rev   2005.0 o shibolet   e regushevskaya   m brezis   k soares -   
structured programming   programming teaching and the language pascal o lecarme 1974.0  acm sigplan notices    
the fiasco kernel : system architecture m hohmuth  unpublished manuscript    
deletion mapping of the potyviral helper component-proteinase reveals two regions involved in rna s urcuqui-inchima   ig maia   p arruda   f bernardi virology-new york -   2000.0    
practical handbook of genetic algorithms : applications : volume i l chambers i ( crc press    
a microwave biased gaas submillimeter detection system 1976.0 jd crowley   wl wilson jr   fk tittel   ta rabson & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;    
optimality analyses of operant behavior and their relation to optimal foraging jer staddon  limits to action    
the implementation of the cilk-5 multithreaded language . in 1998 acm sigplan conf . on programming m frigo   ce leiserson   kh randall   1998.0 
determination of the ionic charge states of seps using the university of chicago imp-8 instrument w dietrich   c lopate   
how to exchange ( secret ) keys m blum acm transactions on computer systems ( tocs )   1983.0 
new york   1999 ny wiley    
multics relational data store ( mrds ) ja weeldreyer   o friesen   
a handbook of the birds of eastern china jdd la touche  volume i    
information integration : the momis project demonstration scacr guidetti   gmmmd beneventano   s bergamaschi   international conference on very large data bases ( vldb )    
inland fishes of washington . second edition   revised and expanded . american fisheries society rs wydoski   rr whitney  2003.0 
hybrid sender and receiver driven rate control in multicast layered video transmission   j vieron   c guillemot    
paws : a performance evaluation tool for parallel computing systems d pease   a ghafoor   i ahmad   dl andrews   k foudil -   
simulating a $ 2m commercial server on a $ 2k pc . ar alameldeen   mmk martin   cj mauer   ke moore   m   
knowledge interchange format   version 3.0 reference manual . computer science department 1992.0 mr genesereth   re fikesâ ? ¦   
data quality information and software technology   1990.0 yu huh   fr keller   tc redman   ar watkins   
m.   hassoun   ja   dudley   ra   & ward   gf ( 1992 ) jd rueb   j barnaba & hellip ; -135 crew reduction feasibility demonstration study : 3 . test    
g-exec geological data handling system s henley    
falcon : relevance feedback in metric spaces l wu   c faloutsos   k sycara   t payne submitted to acm  
the architecture of a multiple representation system 1981.0 mr genesereth   
softech microsystems inc. san diego   u pascal   
empowering young citizens for social action . children 's literature . social studies and the young learner   1994.0 t mcgowanâ ? ¦   
japanese syntactic lexicon in mu project y sakamoto proc . of 28th conference of ipsj    
chord : a p2p lookup protocol for internet applications i stoica   r morris   d karger   m kaashock   h proc . of acm sigcomm    
demonstrating the usage of single-case designs in experimental software engineering a zendler   e horn   h schwaertzel   e ploedereder information & software technology   2001.0    
mining undiscovered public knowledge from complementary and non-interactive biomedical literature x hu   i yoo   m song   y zhang   iy song 2005.0  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
