f.   diene   aw   ndiaye   y. hachage linã © aire scalable et distribuã © lh * lh sous windows nt res . rep. ceria   u. paris   f bennour   
linear algebra and its applications harcourt brace jovanovich g strang  san diego    
virtual reality : through the new looking glass k pimentel   k teixeira 1993.0    
congenital diaphragmatic hernia-morgagni type l sinclair   bl klein  journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
survey of job shop scheduling techniques   nistir   national institute of standards and technology   md   a jones   lc rabelo   
dye standards   part i : terminology and general principles h lyon   e schulte   a de leenheer   s lewis   v the histochemical journal     1992.0 
imino esters : versatile substrates for the catalytic   asymmetric synthesis of r-and î ² - ae taggi   am hafez   tr lectka amino acids and î ² - lactams . acc . chem . res    
parametric query optimization for linear and piecewise linear cost functions ah hs02   s sudarshan   2002.0 
dolphin : integrated meeting support across local and remote desktop environments and liveboards na streitz   j geiã?ler   jm haake   j hol  proceedings of the 1994 acm conference on computer supported & hellip ;   1994.0 
presynaptic localization of sodium/calcium exchangers in neuromuscular preparations pw luther   rk yip   rj bloch   a ambesi   ge    
communication skills training for health care professionals working with cancer patients   their d fellowes   s wilkinson   p moore cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
soft-link hypertext for information retrieval md ` inverno   p howells   mj hu   m luck information & software technology   2002.0 
asilomar report p bernstein   m brodie   s ceri   m franklinâ ? ¦ sigmod record    
i2i trust in e-commerce communications-acm   js olson   gm olson  2000.0 
building a large and efficient hybrid peer-to-peer internet caching system l xiao   x zhang   a andrzejak   s chen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0    
a survey of distributed deadlock detection algorithms ak elmagarmid acm sigmod record     1986.0 
hardware technology trends and database opportunities d patterson   k keeton   
eigenvalue problem for linear 2 nx 2-ports ag onishchuk radiotekhnika i elektronika     1978.0 
0 . g. tsatalos   sj white   and mj zwiiiing . shoring up persistent applications mj carey   dj dewitt   mj franklin   ne hall   ml proc . acm sigmod    
the fuel economy potential of heat engine/flywheel hybrid automobiles sm rohde   na schilke supplement to procs . 1980 flywheel technology symposium    
videoanywhere : a system for searching and managing distributed video assets . acms anthology sigmod record   1999.0 
geopolitics and discourse : practical geopolitical reasoning in american foreign policy political geography   ã ? tuathail   
simplicity : a region-based retrieval system for picture libraries and biomedical image databases jz wang proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ;     2000.0 
viral radio 2004.0 a lippman   dp reed bt technology journal    
an authorization mechanism for a relational database system acm transactions on database systems   pp griffiths   bw wade  1976.0 
arvind . id nouveau . csg memo 265 rs nikhil   k pingali 1986.0    
autonomous mobile robot navigation and learning cr weisbin   jr einstein   fg pin   
the multiple ergodicity of non-discrete subgroups of diff ï ? ( s 1 )   2001 jc rebelo   rr silva    
ands . clark.â ?? collaborativewritingasaprocessofformalizinggroup memory   â ?? m mandviwalla   k sandoe  proc . 28th annual hawaii int . conf . on system sciences    
a language based multidatabase system proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1994.0 e kã 1/4 hn   t tschernko   k schwarz   
studies on primary hyperoxaluria ew frederick   mt rabkin   rh richie   lh smith vivo demonstration of a defect in glyoxylate metabolism . n & hellip ;      
an ontological analysis of the relationship construct conceptual modeling w yair   cs veda   w kon acm transactions on database systems    
broadband pilot project brings architects   builders together onlineâ ?? â ?? s lais  computerworld    
creating an interactive immersive decision environment : linking modelling to visualisation i bishop  proceedings of the 23rd annual international conference of & hellip ;    
codifying guarded definitions with recursive schemes e gimenez lecture notes in computer science   1995.0    
sexual selection and taxonomic diversity in passerine birds tg barraclough   ph harvey   s nee 1995.0  proceedings : biological sciences    
methodology of social sciences 1987.0 pa gemtos   
simulating p2p networks mt schlosser   sd kamvar  technical report   stanford university    
a hybrid approach to ner by memm and manual rules m fresko   b rosenfeld   r feldman proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0    
the linear rational collocation method with iteratively optimized poles for two-point boundary value jp berrut   hd mittelmann submitted for publication    
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using hactals i kamel   c faloutsos  proceedings of the 20th vldb conference    
the colorado wind-profiling network - a summary of performance rg strauch   kb earnshaw   da merritt   kp moran   k 1984.0  conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland    
children 's literature . 1993.0 af gallagherâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner    
utility-based termination of anytime agents t sandholm   v lesser  cs technical report 9454   univ. of massachusetts    
before they called it psychopharmacology he lehmann  neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
touring into the picture using hand shape recognition ( poster session ) em ji   hs yoon   yj bae proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2000.0    
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals i kamel   c faloutsos   
timing trigger and control distribution for lhc detectors . procs 1st workshop on electronics for lhc experiments   cern / bg taylor   
lh * : linear hashing for distributed les w litwin   ma neimat   d schneider & hellip ; sigmod international conference on management of data   may    
loading data in description reasoners . acm sigmod intern a borgida   rj brachman  conference on management of data ( washington   dc   usa   1993 )  
mitochondrial disease and retinal pigmentary degeneration proceedings of the 23rd international congress of & hellip ;   fw newell   
interoperability of peer-to-peer file sharing protocols sm lui   sh kwok    
sil : modeling and measuring scalable peer-to-peer search networks bf cooper   h garcia-molina lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
biotech no iogydb io en g in ee ri ng ae humphrey   hr bungay   fjs schultz   rp canale   af  md   1972.0 
companies power up networking g lee ieee  
two-phase deadlock detection algorithm in distributed databases very large data bases   1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ;   s kawazu   s minami   k itoh   k teranaka  1979.0 
output feedback variable structure controllers and state estimators for uncertain/nonlinear dynamic sh zak   
differential analysis on manifolds with corners rb melrose    
models of light reflection for computer synthesized pictures jf blinn acm siggraph computer graphics   1977.0    
the iliad : the trojan war 1991.0 m stephanides   g stephanides   
origin and evolution of auchenorrhyncha ( homoptera ) based upon fossil evidence de shcherbakov  proc . 28th int . congr . entomol    
on power-law relationships of the internet topology c faloutsous   p faloutsous   c faloutsous proceedings of acm sigcomm      
single dose oral diclofenac for postoperative pain j barden   j edwards   r moore   h mcquay  cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
pathfinder : a pattern-based packet classier ml bailey   b gopal   ma pagels   ll peterson   p proc .  
progression of coronary artery calcification : a pilot study 1999.0 je maher   lf bielak   ja raz   pf sheedy   rs mayo clinic proceedings    
a new multirate lq optimal regulator for linear time-invariant systems and its stability robustness kg arvanitis applied mathematics and computer science   1998.0    
casinos hit jackpot with customer data k nash computerworld    
crm 1 ( xpoi ) dependent nuclear export of the budding yeast transcription factor yap-1 is sensitive to s kuge   t toda   n iizuka   a nomoto genes to cells     1998.0 
3-dimensional software modelling y gil   s kent 1998.0    
business networking in the swatch group r alt electronic markets   1999.0    
department of agricultural and resource economics   2200 symons hall   university of maryland   college plj olson   
the fluoroquinolones 1999.0 rc walker mayo clinic proceedings    
admissible orders and linear forms portal.acm.org    
data reliability ( error detection codes for digital transmission ) sg powers  & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1973.0 
tbag : a high-level   fast-turnaround 3d animation system proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 94   c elliott   g schechter   r yeung   s abi-ezzi   
access network life-cycle costs pi bell   jp trigger  bt technology journal   1998.0 
icp determination of sulfur in polymeric materials g dipasquale   b casetta at . spectrosc    
user modeling and adaptive navigation support in www-based tutoring systems g weber   m specht 1997.0  courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ;    
geometrische beweise mit dem pc a engel proceedings of derive days d usseldorf    
protecting the self from the negative consequences of risky decisions 1992.0 ra josephs   rp larrick   cm steele   re nisbett journal of personality and social psychology    
further observations on the usefulness of the sonographic murphy sign in the evaluation of suspected r bree  journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
it changes hit supply chains ml songini computerworld      
identification of the immunodominant hla-a * 02.01 restricted ctl responses in hiv infection : strong c brander   ke hartman   ak trocha   nd jones   s he     1996.0 
play it again : a study of the factors underlying speech browsing behavior proceedings of acm chi   1998.0 s whittaker   j hirschberg   c nakatani   
space-filling curves h sagan   1994.0 
smoothed analysis of algorithms : why the simplex algorithm usually takes polynomial time journal-acm   2004.0 da spielman   sh teng   
the presentation of tetanus in an emergency department-tetanus so henderson   t mody   de groth   jj moore   e newton  journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
tracking a moving object with a binary sensor network j aslam   z butler   f constantin   v crespi   g proceedings of acm sensys   2003.0    
is thyrotoxic periodic paralysis a '' channelopathy '' ? 1999.0 ej gallagher journal of emergency medicine    
improving quality-of-control using flexible timing constraints : metric and scheduling issues p marti   j fuertes   g fohler   k ramamritham proceedings of the 23rd ieee real-time systems symposium (    
anomalous reactions of mouse alloantisera with culture tumor cells . i p klein demonstration of widespread occurrence using reference & hellip ;    
sidebar : the state of web services security standards m hall computerworld    
aromatherapy and massage for symptom relief in patients with cancer cochrane database syst rev   d fellowes   k barnes   s wilkinson  2004.0 
civil military interaction in asia and africa . 1991 ch kennedy   dj louscher   
determination of the longitudinal phase space distribution produced with ttf photo injector m geitz   s schreiber   g von walter   d sertore   m 1999.0  proc . of the 21st int . free electron laser conf.   august    
a syntactic approach to shape recognition proc . int . comput . symp   hh chen   js su   
realization and input/output relations : the analytic case proc . 28th ieee conf . dec. & cntrl   ( 1989 )   e sontag   y wang   
users vent frustration over oracle crm/erp upgrades computerworld   ml songini   
insult   aggression   and the southern culture of honor : an â ?? experimental ethnography.â ?? 1996.0 d cohen   re nisbett   bf bowdle   n schwarz journal of personality and social psychology    
an online video placement policy based on bandwidth to space ratio proceedings of the acm sigmod conference   a dan   d sitaram   
l   torczon   colc } ring heuristics for register allocation p briggs   kd cooper   k kennedy proc . acm  
transaction support for indexed summary views proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 g graefe   m zwilling   
andrew john herbertson   1865â ?? 1915 . an appreciation of his life and work ew gilbert geography      
a place called school : prospects for the future j goodlad 1984.0    
ncss social studies standards and the elementary teacher . 1995.0 j alleman   j brophy social studies and the young learner    
female zebra finches choose extra-pair copulations with genetically attractive males am houtman proceedings : biological sciences   1992.0 
the design of xprs m stonebraker   rh katz   da patterson   jk vldb   1988.0    
further immunohistochemical evidence for impaired no signaling in the hypothalamus of depressed 2002.0 hg bernstein   a heinemann   d krell   c mawrin   h annals-new york academy of sciences    
etal.   â ?? an architecture for a relational dataflow machine   â ?? l bit proc . sigmod symp . on small systems    
tegaserod for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome bw evans   wk clark   dj moore   pj whorwell cochrane database syst rev     2004.0 
the impact of interprocedural analysis and optimization on the design of a software development acm sigplan kd cooper   k kennedy   l torczon   
fractal analysis of dendritic tree of transient amacrine cell of gold fish retina versus diffusion mba djamgoz   zj grzywna   m krasowska   s vallerga cellular and molecular biology letters     1996.0 
spatial data integrity constraints in object oriented geographic data modeling ahf laender proc . of acm-gis      
the efficacy of antidepressants in the treatment of depression in dementia j bains   js birks   tr dening cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
experiences with hyperbase : a hypertext database supporting collaborative work uk wiil  sigmod record   1993.0 
simplified recursive identifier for arma processes m farsi   kz karam   k warwick  electronic letters    
model for pion production in proton-nucleus interactions nv mokhov   si striganov 1998.0  aip conference proceedings    
transient handover blocking probabilities in road covering cellular mobile networks computer networks   rj boucherie   j van der wal  2003.0 
effects of language on color discriminability n witthoft   j winawer   l wu   m frank   a wade   l proceedings of the 25 thannual meeting of the cognitive & hellip ;    
international networking in long-term ecological research . rw nottrott   jf franklin   jr vande castle  seattle    
adaptive flow control for vod using price discounts n keon   g anandalingam  1999.0 
equivalences among aggregate queries with negation s cohen   w nutt   y sagiv   
evolution of networks and the diffusion of new technology gt mitchell   
biosynthetic origin and functional significance of murine platelet factor v blood-new york -   2003.0 tl yang   sw pipe   a yang   d ginsburg   
field trip roadlog for the bear river landslide complex pk link   jb mahoney   j mccalpin   jj henkelman   bl proceedings of the 23rd symposium on engineering geology and & hellip ;    
dietary marine fatty acids ( fish oil ) for asthma in adults and children rk woods   fc thien   mj abramson cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
therapeutic rationale of plants used to treat dental infections m elvin-lewis see etkin      
a rural community hospital 's experience with family-witnessed resuscitation ma belanger   s reed journal of emergency nursing   1997.0    
lh * - a scalable   distributed data store w litwin   ma neimat   da schneider acm transactions on database systems ( tods )      
a probabilistic relational model acm trans . database systems   d dey   s sarkar   
nist surface structure databaseâ ?? ver . 3.0   national institute of standards and technology   pr watson   ma van hove   k hermann md      
incremental maintenance of recursive views using relational calculus/sql 2000.0 j su sigmod record    
principle component feature detector for motor cortical control j hu   j si   bp olson   j he   
understanding semantic relations v storey vldb journal      
comparing hybrid p2p systems b yang   hg molina proc .  
a perceptual pitch detector m slaney   rf lyon    
effectiveness of various airway management techniques in a bench model simulating a cardiac arrest h ocker   v wenzel   p schmucker   v dorges journal of emergency medicine   2001.0    
social capital   development   and access to resources in highland ecuador [ * ] . a bebbington   t perreault 1999.0  economic geography    
networking saves $ $ for new york school district . k forman 1983.0  electronic education    
take a walk   grow a tree sb bc   jy cat  proc . 29th annual ieee symposium on foundations of computer & hellip ;    
empirical bayes screening for link analysis a goldenberg   a moore   
a necessary condition for a doubly recursive rule to be equivalent to a linear recursive rule w zhang   ct yu    
standardized terminology for clinical trial protocols based on ontological top-level categories b heller   h herre   k lippoldt   m lã ¶ ffler   
integrated service modelling for online one-stop government ma wimmer electronic markets   2002.0    
subject knowledge   source of terms   and term selection in query expansion : an analytic study . p vakkari  proceedings ( glasgow   uk   march 25â ?? 27   2002 )    
rantes antagonist ( met-rantes ) controls acute t. cruzi-elicited myocarditis a marino   mm teixeira   lmo pinto   j lannes-vieira   
an effective on-line deadlock detection technique for distributed database management a elmagarmid acm sigmod record    
the fifth text retrieval conference ( trec-5 )   national institute of standards and technology   dk harman md    
helical sense of ribbon assemblies and splayed microfibrils of bacterial cellulose fiber   a hirai   m tsuji   f horii  1998.0 
microsatellite variation demonstrates multiple paternity in lekking cichlid fishes from lake malawi   ka kellogg   ja markert   jr stauffer   td kocher 1995.0  proceedings : biological sciences    
sense   meaning and perception in three dance cultures see desmond   cjc bull   
experiments on the deposition of iodine 131 vapor onto surfaces phil . mag   ac chamberlain   
interferometric pmd measurement of an amplified link n cyr   b ruchet   r roberge   p cantin proc . 29th eur . conf . optical communication  
semantic queries with pictures : the vimsys model vldb   a gupta   te weymouth   r jain  1991.0 
the political ecology of war : natural resources and armed conflicts p le billon political geography   2001.0 
toward a quantitative theory of the origin of life s rasmussen artificial life    
k. matsui sen-i gakkaishi   m sekido   
production of titanium alloy powders 1980.0 r seshadri   r sundaresan   ac raghuram powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ]   bombay   india & hellip ;    
peer-to-peer computing : the new old thing 2001.0 jk waters application development trends    
probability estimation of reliability and durability of reinforced concrete structures a kudzys   1992.0 
technology   energy and the environment gt mitchell 2000.0    
control of discrete two-time scale system by using piecewise constant periodic output feedback bm patre   b bandyopadhyay   h werner  systems science-wroclaw -   1997.0 
olap   relational   and multidimensional database system g coliat   1996.0 
improving efficiency of peer-to-peer search b yang   h garcia-molina proc . of the 28th intl. conf . on distributed computing & hellip ;      
strata : a multi-layer communications library ea brewer   r blumofe technical report to appear   mit laboratory for computer science .    
a complete checklistof the birdsof the world.â ?? academic press san diego   r howard   a moore   
a multidatabase transaction model for interbase ak elmagarmid   y leu   w litwin 1990.0  vldb    
the language x : computation and sequent calculus in classical logic s van bakel   s lengrand   p lescanne 2004.0    
laboratory methods used for the third national health and nutrition examination survey ( nhanes 1999 + ew gunter   bl lewis   sm koncikowski  md    
sagas ; procs . 1987 acm sigmod int h garcia-molina   k salem conf . on management of data      
rapid versus slow rate of advancement of feedings for promoting growth and preventing necrotizing ka kennedy   je tyson   s chamnanvanakij 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
a new toxin for grass grub and ` black beetle in resistant lotus major orw sutherland   wj greenfield  proc . 29th nz weed pest contr . conf    
single-dose dipyrone for acute postoperative pain je edwards   f meseguer   cc faura   ra moore   hj cochrane database syst rev     2001.0 
children with silent infarct and elevated transcranial doppler ultrasonography velocity are at ch pegelow   rj adams   l hsuâ ? ¦  proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the sickle cell & hellip ;    
navigation satellite development program ( operational global navigation system development program national aerospace meeting   washington   d. c   proceedings   sl lagna   rh jessen  1973.0 
an improved r-tree using fractals i kamel proc 20th international conference on very large databases   & hellip ;      
machine translation with grammar association : some improvements and the loco c model f prat   
land cover of washington state : description and management 1997.0 km cassidy   
concep-dependent multimodal active learning for image retrieval proc . acm international conference on multimedia   k goh   ey chang   wc lai   
the mindful camera : common sense for documentary videography 2003.0 b barry proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;    
lh * rs : a high-availability scalable distributed data structure using reed solomon codes w litwin   t schwarz acm sigmod record   2000.0 
online balancing of range-partitioned data with applications to peer-to-peer systems proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   p ganesan   m bawa   h garcia-molina  2004.0 
applications of probabilistic-deterministic modelling to problems of mass transfer in groundwater procs int symp.â ?? theoretical and applied hydrologyâ ?? fort & hellip ;   fw schwarz   
a decision-theoretic approach to information retrieval . acm transactions on database systems   1990.0 jc moore   wb richmond   ab whinston   
multiple access in packet switching networks : part i * generalized tree protocol yk sun   kc chen   dc twu  submitted for  
applying various constraints for efficient processing of xml tree pattern queries d che   y liu   
urbana-champaign   il : graduate school of library science   university of illinois ; 1980 . 117-134 il urbana   
strategies for the study of family therapy research see wynne   wm pinsof   
bypassed again ? is often left out of web planning e booker  computerworld    
the technology revolution and the restructuring of the global economy 1988.0 u colombo   
on the estimation of snow thickness distributions over sea ice using active microwave scattering dg barber   sv nghiem  submitted for  
organization and function of a central nervous system circadian oscillator : the suprachiasmatic fed proc   ry moore  1983.0 
piecewise linear structures on topological manifolds   eprint arxiv : math y rudyak    
a parallel processing strategy for evaluating recursive queries vldb   1986.0 l raschid   syw su   
an algorithm to generate sequential and parallel code with improved data locality technical report   stanford university m wolf   m lam   
asusatl : the development of a low-cost satellite a friedman   s ferring   c lenz   h reed   b underbill  proceedings of the 16 lh space symposiuman d amsat-na annual  
linear queries in statistical databases 1979.0 md schwartz   de denning   pj denning acm transactions on database systems    
beyond charity : service learning for social justice 2000.0 rc wade social studies and the young learner    
video conference recording on the mbone proceedings of acm w holfelder   
cycles of learning in the centipede game g ponti    
lg 2001 . soluciones crm : invierta en sus clientes q samaniego pc magazine en  
performance modelling nw macfadyen bt technology journal   2003.0    
the flag taxonomy of open hypermedia systems . hypertextâ ¹ 96 proceedings k osterbye   uk wiil  1996.0 
an approach to the study of ecological relationships among grassland birds ja wiens  1966.0 
science in the courts : a comparative analysis of admissibility standards and their impact on the si gatowski   sa dobbin   jt richardson   gp ginsburg ivth european congress of psychology   athens   greece   july      
the technology of error-correcting codes er berlekamp ieee   proceedings     1980.0 
interpreting critical issues : comparing past and modern plagues m zarnowski social studies and the young learner   1997.0    
real-time skin rendering on graphics hardware proceedings of acm siggraph   pv sander   d gosselin   jl mitchell  2004.0 
non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) for treating lateral elbow pain in adults s green   r buchbinder   l barnsley   s hall   m white 2002.0  cochrane database syst rev    
non-parametric models in the monitoring of engine performance and condition part 2 : non-intrusive f gu   pj jacob   ad ball   
computer algebra on mimd machine jl roch   p senechaud   f sievert-rich   g villard acm sigsam bulletin     1989.0 
examining metrics for peer-to-peer reputation systems s marti   h garcia-molina    
making sense of oneâ ?? s experience in the workplace s van stralen 2002.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
'' lc ladder used as broadband prototype for distributed components js seeley submitted for    
analysis of the thermal expansion of anisotropic solids : application to zinc thk barron   rw munn phil . mag    
a hypertext system for cad applications proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;   nm delisle   md schwartz   
bias   responsiveness   swing   majoritarianism and disproportionality : sense and nonsense in the b monroe  presentedatthe1998politicalmethodologymeeting   san diego    
lessons from a sensor network expedition r szewczyk   j polastre   a mainwaring   d culler lecture notes in computer science   2004.0    
maintenance of mobile system ambients using a process calculus t ando   k takahashi   y kato   n shiratori computer networks   2000.0    
maa   and de culler . parallelism in dataflow programs . computation structures group memo 279 gk arvind   1987.0 
fractals in science a bunde   s havlin  1995.0 
potential benefits of internet-based project control systems-a study on monthly billings processing a barron   m fischer  cife   stanford university   stanford   cife   technical report    
possible detection of colliding plasmoids in the tail of comet kohoutek ( 1973f ) rg roosen   jc brandt study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0    
fractals and disordered systems a bunde   s havlin 1996.0    
integrating bbl-style control into the generic blackboard system pm johnson   dd corkhill   kq gallagher aaai workshop on blackboard systems   seattle   washington   & hellip ;    
anipqo : almost non-intrusive parametric query optimization for nonlinear cost functions 2003.0 a hulgeri   s sudarshan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
a conceptual model of groupware c ellis   j wainer 1994.0  proceedings of the 1994 acm conference on computer supported & hellip ;    
differential phase shift ar jameson  & hellip ; on radar meteorology   zurich   switzerland   amer . meteor . soc    
prediction of malignancy in solitary thyroid nodules lancet i   1969.0 lw kendall   re condon   
a follow-up study conducted at the brief family therapy center d kiser  unpublished manuscript    
nonlinear phenomena in materials science m agop   n rezlescu   g kalogirou graphic arts   athens   greece      
exercise in modelling d andrews  information and software technology   1996.0 
concluding notes : a direction for learning . new directions for adult and continuing education   a sgroi   la cavaliere  1992.0 
and ta todd . 1996 jd law   kn brewer   rs herb demonstration of an optimized tru . flowsheet for    
polling emotional attitudes in relation to political choices 1969.0 m maccoby   
dewitt . shoring up persistent applications proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l conference on management of mj carey   
distributed component object model protocol -- dcom/1 .0   ( 1996 ) n brown    
family intervention for schizophrenia fm pharoah   jj mari   d streiner  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
recent advances in wireless networking u varshney   
difference posets and orthoalgebras m navara    
a simplified derivation of linear least square smoothing and prediction theory hw bode   ce shannon proc . ire    
impact of transformational leadership on follower development and performance : a field experiment t dvir   d eden   bj avolio   b shamir   
indoor vehicle navigation by means of signs g adorni   g destri   m mordonini   
pursuing a remedy in rc picker   
pico : automatically designing custom computers v kathail   s aditya   
development and learning : themes and conclusions new directions for adult and continuing education   rs caffarella   mc clark  1999.0 
what ever happened to the pc revolution ? j kirkley computerworld      
elimination of spectral interferences using zeeman effect background correction fj fernandez   r giddings at spectrosc    
an ontological analysis of the relationship construct in conceptual modeling acm transactions on database systems   1999.0 y wand   vc storey   r weber   
reasoning about spatial relationships in picture retrieval systems ap sistla   ct yu   r haddad  vldb   1994.0 
stressful life events   personality   and health : an inquiry into hardiness 1979.0 sc kobasa   
a tool for content based navigation of music s blackburn   
waiting for the wireless revolution b nadel pc magazine   may    
the semantics-pragmatics of grammaticalization revisited approaches to grammaticalization   ec traugott   e kã ¶ nig   
segmentation of an image sequence using multi-dimensional image attributes e chalom    
highlighting commonalities   differences   and diversity with picture books . cs marshall social studies and the young learner     1999.0 
a decade of internet researchâ ?? advances in models and practices c di cairano-gilfedder   r clegg bt technology journal     2005.0 
what are improved seeds ? an epistemology of the green revolution l yapa economic geography   1993.0 
a genetic algorithm for fragment allocation in a distributed database system a corcoran   j hale proc . 1994 acm symp . applied computing   1994.0    
the treatment of akinesia using virutal images [ masterâ ?? s thesis ] j prothero  seattle : university of washington    
physical and chemical investigations in bering sea and portions of the north pacific ocean ca barnes   tg thompson   1938.0 
hytime : evaluation and implementation experience proceedings of acm hypertext   j buford   
ceftriaxone versus cefazolin with probenecid for severe skin and soft tissue infections g brown   r chamberlain   j goulding   a clarke journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals proceedings international conference on very large data & hellip ;   ikc faloutsos  1994.0 
life in the fast lane 1993.0 md stone pc magazine    
microwave linear power amplifier with micromodule technology g locatelli   l ricco   m nannicini & hellip ; conference on communicationsâ ?? ( seattle   washington    
optimal processing and optimal relationships in phase direction finders and phase rangefinders nv sobtsov radiotekhnika i elektronika   1977.0    
hytech : the cornell hybrid technology tool ta henzinger   ph ho lecture notes in computer science   1995.0    
three essays on asymmetric information and financial contracting   ph. d. dissertation r moore university of wisconsin      
bclasses : a construct and method for modelling co-operative object behaviour br marshall   jb kennedy   pj barclay 1997.0  information and software technology    
on the memory requirements of xpath evaluation over xml streams z bar-yossef   m fontoura   v josifovski    
rural space as intellectual property w moran  political geography   1993.0 
hypertext document generator in a computer supported cooperative work environment y chang   kh chang   l murphy   twd ii   bg lee   jd  proceedings 1997 acm southeast  
facility location problem with concave cost functions . m hajiaghayi   m mahdian   m mirrokni 2002.0  unpublished manuscript    
note on the biweight enumerators of self-dual codes over zk st dougherty   m harada   m oura   
revolutionary subjectivity : the cultural logic of the nicaraguan revolution jp reed   2000.0 
the generation of vacancies in metals rs barnes  phil . mag    
altbausanierung mit naturbaustoffen k schillberg  at  
factors influencing career choices of native american and caucasian american high school students : a 2003.0 cm doud   
a pde-based level set approach fro detection and tracking of moving objects n paragios   r deriche proc . of the 6th iccv   bombay   india    
understanding the connectivity of heap objects m hirzel   j henkel   a diwan   m hind    
integrating heterogeneous overlapping databases through object-oriented transformations proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 v josifovski   t risch   
navigating nowhere/hypertext infrawhere j rosenberg  acm sigweb newsletter   1994.0 
high-performance sorting on networks of workstations da patterson   
using logical objects to control hypertext appearance pj brown   
new technology for reducing operational costs jp trigger   af cameron  bt technology journal   1998.0 
q. jl geol . min . metall . soc . india 4 ( 4 ) ( 1932 ) n raj proc . 29th india sci . congr      
attribution and the psychology of prediction journal of personality and social psychology   re nisbett   e borgida   
homotopy method for the eigenvalue problem for partial differential equations sh lui   gh golub    
a distributed multiparty desktop conferencing system k watabe   s sakata   k maenoâ ? ¦ proc . acm cscw      
self-climb of dislocation loops in magnesium oxide j narayan   j washburn  phil . mag    
minimizing communication costs in hierarchically-clustered networks of wireless sensors s bandyopadhyay   ej coyle computer networks   2004.0 
e ã © dition   da solomon et me russinovich inmiw indows   2000.0 
43 ; larhed   m. ; moberg   c. ; hallberg   a rs varma   g chem acc . chem . res      
faculty appeals and grievances committee mitchell hall wi milwaukee 2001.0    
trust and adaptation in relational contracting fl jeffries   r reed academy of management review   2000.0    
adenosine in the local regulation of blood flow : a brief overview rm berne   rm knabb   sw ely   r rubio 1983.0  fed proc    
d. schwartz   â ?? neptune : a hypertext system for cad applications   â ?? n delis1eandm  proc . acmsigmod   acm   new york    
desktop conversationsâ ?? the future of multimedia conferencing m russ bt technology journal   1997.0    
the heritability of fluctuating asymmetry and the genetic control of developmental stability proceedings : biological sciences   m whitlock  1996.0 
the hmong culture : kinship   marriage & family systems t moua   2003.0 
standards for intelligent networks 2005.0 rm stretch   pm adams bt technology journal    
soil nutrient bioavailability : a mechanistic approach 1995.0 sa barber   
the use of integrated remotely sensed and gis data to determine causes of vegetation cover change in s ringrose   c vanderpost   w matheson applied geography     1996.0 
a family therapy approach to the treatment of drug abuse and addiction r hirsch   j imhof unpublished    
the lotus notes storage system k moore 1995.0  proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
how to construct optimal one-time signatures k bicakci   g tsudik   b tung 2003.0  computer networks    
phylogenetic consequences of cytoplasmic gene flow in plants lh rieseberg 1991.0    
silicon carbide mems for harsh environments m mehregany   ca zorman   n rajah   ch wu  proceedings-ieee   1998.0 
advances in public-key certificate standards w ford acm sigsac review   1995.0 
decentralizing execution of composite web services mg nanda   s chandra   v sarkar    
ec of the european parliament and of the council concerning the sixth framework programme of the d no technological development and demonstration activities   & hellip ;    
case based reasoning s kesh  journal of systems management   1995.0 
3d scene reconstruction from uncalibrated images u topay   2002.0 
more is not better : brood size and population growth in a self-fertilizing nematode j hodgkin   tm barnes  proceedings : biological sciences   1991.0 
donepezil for dementia due to alzheimerâ ?? s disease js birks   r harvey  cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
an information-theoretic approach to data mining m last   o maimon submitted to publication     1999.0 
manage my inventory or else ! m betts  computerworld    
life cycles and population fluctuations of aphids on citrus s komazaki  proc . int . soc . citric    
the stanford dash multiprocessor j laudon   d lenoskiâ ? ¦ ieee computer      
relationship of life stress and body consciousness to hypervigilant decision making journal of personality and social psychology   jg baradell   k klein  1993.0 
exterior differential systems rl bryantâ ? ¦ 1991.0    
large classes and learning . c knapper new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0    
plasma power source based on a catalytic reaction of atomic hydrogen rl mills   p ray   b dhandapani   j dong   s hicks   m   
dynamic dataflow analysis . information and software technology   ty chen   pc poole  1988.0 
an evaluation of xml indexes for structural join 2004.0 h li   ml lee   w hsu   c chen sigmod record    
the system granite-peridotite-h t sekine   pj wyllie o at    
on the construction problem for markov chains d williams probability theory and related fields   1964.0 
a shared   segmented memory system for an object-oriented database acm transactions on information systems ( tois )   1987.0 mf hornick   sb zdonik   
a mixed-signal hall sensor ic with direction detection d draxelmayr   r borgschulze    
deconvolution of images and spectra academic pa jansson san diego   calif      
finding hot query patterns over an xquery stream lh yang   ml lee   w hsu  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
on computing restricted projections of representative instances y sagiv  proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
analysis and simulation of prediction errors for wind power productions reported to nordpool ha nielsen imm   technical university of denmark      
pandian and wl mcguire a mr vendely   
tools and techniques for memory system design and analysis 1995.0 ar lebeck   
cepstral compensation by polynomial approximation for environment-independent speech recognition b raj   eb gouvãªa   pj moreno   rm stern   
on a new family of titanium oxides and the nature of slightly-reduced rutile la bursill   bg hyde   o terasaki   d watanabe phil . mag      
understanding the factors influencing the performance of software development groups : an exploratory b lakhanpal information and software technology   1993.0 
nist chemical kinetics database : ver . 6.0   national institute of standards and technology   md   wg mallard   f westley   jt herron   rf hampson   dh   
identification of human faces aj goldstein   ld harmon   ab lesk proc . ieee      
deadlock prevention in a distributed database system acm sigmod record   1993.0 pk reddy   s bhalla   
an architecture for in-internet hybrid services ca licciardi   g canal   a andreetto   p lago computer networks     2001.0 
schedulingreal-time transactions : a performance evaluation rah garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems      
investigation of selected voice therapy techniques . presented ai the 19th symposium : care of the jk casper   rh colton   p woo   d brewer  san  
mood and the use of scripts : does a happy mood really lead to mindlessness ? h bless   gl clore   n schwarz   v golisano   c rabe    journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
interoperability in multidatabase systems d mcleod   a sheth tutorial notes-the 20th vldb conference   september      
distributed deadlock detection r obermarck  acm transactions on database systems    
returns to education : a further international update and implications the journal of human resources   g psacharopoulos  1985.0 
robust computer-assisted laser treatment using real-time retinal tracking nh solouma   abm youssef   ya badr   ym kadah    
tanet : taiwan academic network ss tseng   ls su   eh chao    
a framework for understanding distributed ( deadlock detection ) algorithms hf korth   r krishnamurthy   a nigam   jt robinson proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;     1983.0 
the moral and ethical teachings of zarathushtra m navroji   1928.0 
recording advances for neural prosthetics ra andersen   jw burdick   s musallam   h scherberger   
christe . m.   gong   y.   hauptmann a. lessons learned from building a terabyte digital video library ieee h wactlar   
extended logging for database snapshot refresh b kã $ hler   o risnes proc . of the 13th internat . vldb conference   brighton    
2pxminer : an efficient two pass mining of frequent xml query patterns lh yang   ml lee   w hsu   x guo    
support for polylingual persistence   interoperability and naming in object-oriented databases technical report tr-96-4   university of massachusetts   computer a kaplan   jcp wileden   
interspecific relationships and habitat utilization among benthivorous cichlids m yuma   t kondo see ref    
curvature of the probability weighting function g wu   r gonzalez 1996.0  management science    
radar determination of winds at sea ieee   proceedings   rk moore   ak fung  1979.0 
dev.   and hsui 1987.0 g klein   
g   calvert jm   hay ka and lees dg 1973 dg barnes phil . mag    
prostaglandins for pregnancy termination in women with severe pre-eclampsia n van gemund   ma de boer   m van selm   sa scherjon    submitted for  
the assessment center construct-related validity paradox : a case of construct misspecification see quinones   w arthur   t tubre   
on minimizing setups in precedence constrained scheduling wr pulleyblank unpublished manuscript    
alternative fuels : a life cycle analysis mp gover   g hitchcock   dj martin   gt wilkins proc . 26th int . symp . on automotiveâ ¹ echnology and & hellip ;    
solo   together   apart : evaluating modes of cscl for learning a problem solving task t wright   a cockburn   
the condition number of the pagerank problem sd kamvar   th haveliwala    
broadband satellite networks : a networking perspective g morabito   s palazzo   c rosenberg  computer networks    
modelling the spatial distribution of suburban crime economic geography   1982.0 ma brown   
the sanctity of association : the corporation and individualism in american law 2000.0 ls o'melinn san diego law review    
temperature measurement in pediatric trauma patients : a comparison of thermometry and measurement lm bernardo   r henker   jo ` connor journal of emergency nursing   1999.0    
numerical solution of ordinary differential equations lf shampine   
the asilomar report on database research p bernstein   m brodie   s ceri   d dewitt   mj 1998.0  sigmod record    
bidirectional expansion for keyword search on graph databases v kacholia   s pandit   s chakrabarti   s sudarshan   proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0    
formalization of generics for the . net common language runtime d yu   a kennedy   d syme   
the quality of life of donors   potential donors   and recipients of living-related donor renal transplant proc   f gouge   j moore jr   ba bremer   cr mccauly   jp  1990.0 
argumentation and qualitative decision making s parsons   s green lecture notes in computer science     1999.0 
determinants of thrombin specificity e di cera   am cantwell annals-new york academy of sciences   2001.0 
database and revised checklist of new york state plants . part 1 ) mitchell   rs a database of new york rs mitchell microsoft access    
a strawman analysis of the probability of wait and deadlock . technical report rj2131   ibm san jose j gray   p homan   hf korth   r obermarck proceedings of acm-sigmod 1996 intcrnational conference on & hellip ;      
mv3r-tree : a spatio-temporal access method for timestamp and interval queries t yufei   d papadias   2000.0 
effects of the march   1992   drawdown on the freshwater molluscs of the lower granite area   snake tj frest   ej johannes deixis consultants   seattle   washington    
web services and information delivering for diverse environments vldb conference cairo   october   j freire   b kumar   
a distributed heterogeneoussutercomputing management system g arif   j yang ieee computer      
cleavage cracking resistance of high angle grain boundaries in feâ ?? 3 si alloy 2002.0 as argon   y qiao   
from stack inspection to access control : a security analysis for libraries t blanc   
others . the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann proceedings of the acm sigmod  
three methods used to solve an examination timetable problem jp boufflet   s negre lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
putting it together . k mcgrory  new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
videoqa : question answering on news video 2003.0 h yang   l chaisorn   y zhao   sy neo   ts chua proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;    
maximal vector computation in large data sets p godfrey   r shipley   j gryz 2005.0  international conference on very large data bases ( vldb )    
an adaptive peer-to-peer network for distributed caching of olap results 2002.0 p kalnis sigmod conference    
chat circles groupware f viegas   j donath  proceedings of acm chi    
hr filtering on delta-sigma modulated signals da johns   dm lewis electronic letters    
j   ousterhout   â ?? the design of xprs   â ?? m stonebraker   r katz   d patterson proc . of 14th vldb conference    
grobner basis property on elimination ideals in finite group theory ma borges-trenard   h perez-roses   m borges - procs . of the conf.â ?? logic   mathematics and computer    
a methodology for the creation of user views during database design vc storey   rc goldstein acm trans . database systems    
com + verstehen . ds platt   1999.0 
an integrated color-spatial approach to content-based image retrieval h wynne   ts chua   hk pung proc . acm multimedia    
mood and the mundane : relations between daily life events and self-reported mood la clark   d watson  journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
e-commerceâ ?? s garage-band days are over m wagner    
efficient minimization of new quadric metric for simplifying meshes with appearance attributes . ( h hoppe   s marschner 2000.0    
quantifying urban and rural sprawl using the sprawl index dm theobald  annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;    
factors influencing detection probabilities and the benefits of call broadcast surveys for cj conway   jp gibbs md    
algorithms for burst rescheduling in wdm optical burst switching networks sk tan   g mohan   kc chua computer networks     2003.0 
virtual reality and program comprehension : application using spreadsheet visualisation msc thesis   department of computer science   university of durham rd gregson   
leisure-time physical activity among us adults 1996.0 j crespo   s keteyian   g heath journal of emergency medicine    
a shifted-averaging vco with precise multiphase outputs and low jitter operation hh chang   sp chen   si liu    
business networks and transnational corporations : a study of hong kong firms in the asean region hwc yeung economic geography     1997.0 
the phenomenological theory of linear viscoelastic behavior 1989.0 nw tschoegl   
andr . king . intelligentdatabasecachingthroughthe use ofpage-answers and page-traces n kamel acm transactions on database systems      
the life history and ecology of the longfin smelt in lake washington rl dryfoos  1965.0 
phone recognition using a transition-controlled   segment-based dp/mlp hybrid j verhasselt   jp martens    
extremely fast ip used to delineate buried landfills nr carlson   cm mayerle   kl zonge  procs . 5 theegs meeting   5-9 september 1999   budapest    
integrity constraints checking in deductive databases vldb.org 1991.0  vldb    
brobst   and gk maa . evaluation of the mit taggcd-token dataflow architecture . computation structures sa arvind   1987.0 
database research activities at the university of vienna 1992.0 am tjoa   g vinek acm sigmod record    
the influence of antenna illumination function characteristics on differential reflectivity ph herzegh   re carbone  conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
absorbent products for the containment of urinary and/or faecal incontinence in adults e shirran   m brazzelli cochrane . database . syst . rev   2000.0 
energy-related and ecological evaluation of the various use of biogas for generation of power and technical university graz   austria   u hohenwarter   
melting ice o mishima   ld calvert   e whalley i at    
neural network signal interpretation for optimization of chromatographic protein purifications ej klein   sl rivera applied mathematics and computer science   1998.0 
hydrogels for biomedical applications as hoffman annals-new york academy of sciences   2001.0 
the maturation of high school students involved in extracurricular activities as witnessed from a kp mccaughn   1999.0 
classes and subclasses in actor-oriented design ea lee   
the last shot jh kolakowski journal of emergency nursing   1999.0 
elimination of artifacts due to glutaraldehyde fixation in the histochemical detection of glucose 1988.0 s demignot   d domurado the histochemical journal    
an architecture for wide-area multicast routing sddfv jacobson   c lui   l wei conference proceedings of acm  
blog tools nj rubenking  pc magazine . retrieved january    
hybrid meshes i guskov   a khodakovsky   p schroder 2001.0  submitted for publication    
on the linear work hardening rate of fcc   single crystals j friedel phil . mag      
a portrait of marginality : the political behavior of the american woman 1977.0 m githens   jl prestage   
civic ideal into practice : democracy in the elementary school . curriculum concerns . r wade social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
the gmap : a versatile tool for physical data independence og tsatalos   mh solomon   ye ioannidis the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
the agrarian revolution in georgia   1865-1912 rp brooks   1914.0 
ddt : a declarative debugging tool for functional-logic languages lecture notes in computer science   r caballero   m rodriguez-artalejo  2004.0 
an innate sense of danger p matzinger 2002.0  annals-new york academy of sciences    
from ideas and arguments to hyperdocuments : travelling through activity spaces proceedings of the second annual acm conference on hypertext   1989.0 na streitz   j hannemann   m thã 1/4 ring   
between trust and control : developing confidence in partner cooperation in alliances tk das   bs teng the academy of management review     1998.0 
make linear models of op amps electronic design   jr greenbaum   
and jain   r : semantic queries with pictures : the vimsys model a gupta   t weymouth vldb  
making your programs work together pc magazine   m miller   
zork : a computerized fantasy simulation game pd lebling   ms blank    
a new deadlock detection algorithms for distributed real-time database sys terns c yeung   s hung    
video anywhere : a system for searching and managing distributed heterogeneous video assets a sheth   c bertram   k shah acm sigmod record   1999.0    
non-deterministic dataflow programming ajcjr curd   cc kirkham  proc . 6th acm european  
water quality management for reservoirs and tailwaters : a wots demonstration rh kennedy   rc gunkel   rf gaugush 1988.0  water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;    
visualizing class structure of multidimensional data   1998 is dhillon   ds modha   ws spangler ibm almaden research center   san jose      
hã ¶ rverstehen im unterricht deutsch als fremdsprache   lang   frankfurt/m .   1996 p kã?hn    
an entropy formula for time-varying discrete-time control problems pa iglesias  proc . 28th conf . on information sciences and  
basis functions used in 3-d moments method code to solve wire-surface junction problems 1991.0 v gobin & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatibility   zurich   switzerland   mar. & hellip ;    
  dt solomon   mh tan   ck tsatalos   og white   sj zwilling   mj : shoring up persistent applications sigmod ( siehe sig94 ] )   s. mj carey   dj dewitt   mj franklin   
delivering qos in the next generation networkâ ?? a standards perspective d mustill   pj willis bt technology journal   2005.0    
a brief introduction to c++ j schwarz 1993.0  history of programming languages    
an implementation of the x 25 interface in a datagram network d barber   t kalin   cm solomonides  computer networks    
on the adaptive significance of stress-induced immunosuppression proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0 l raberg   m grahn   d hasselquist   e svensson   
central retinal vein occlusion due to hyperviscosity syndrome-a review of 869 cases cc chiang   s begley   so henderson 2000.0  journal of emergency medicine    
distributed deadlock detection algorithm r obermarck 1982.0  acm transactions on database systems    
loading databases using dataflow parallelism j grayâ ? ¦ sigmod record      
hit or miss : how librarians find out about new technology . 1990.0 je klobas   l clyde electronic library    
sporen   tekens   letters m andersch   
modelling issues of wireless lans for accident and emergency departments ka banitsas   r istepanian   
portugal : the decade of return j lewis   a williams geography      
a new tool for file and table addressing proceedings of the 6th international conference on vldb   & hellip ;   w litwin   l hashing   
the csnet name server computer networks   mh solomon   lh landweber   d neuhengen   
determination of as and se in seawater by flow injection vapor generation etv-icp-ms 1999.0 jw lam   re sturgeon   
the importance of spatial heterogeneity in organisms with complex life cycles : analysis of digenetic t stevens   1996.0 
evolution and phylogenetic relationships of deepsea octopods ( cirrata and incirrata ) in : clarke mr   gl voss  academic   san diego    
the priority r-tree : a practically efficient and worst-case optimal r-tree l arge   m de berg   hj haverkort   k yi 2004.0  proc . sigmod international conference on management of data    
hilbert r-tree fractals proc . of vldb conference . santiago   chile   september   i kamel   c faloutsos   
single dose oral paracetamol ( acetaminophen ) for postoperative pain cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 j barden   j edwards   a moore   h mcquay   
model-matching approach to h ^ filtering ys hung    
considerations on preestablished tree rerouting handoff protocols for wireless atm pcn computer networks   j jiang   th lai   mt sun  1999.0 
a.   patterson i johnston s. . ward   ps   goldspinl g. : the histochemical demonstration & hellip ;      
functional analysis of the c-terminal flanking sequence of platelet glycoprotein ibalpha using blood-new york -   y shen   j dong   gm romo   w arceneaux   a aprico   ee  2002.0 
stochastic coding of speech signals at very low bit rates bs atal   mr schroeder proc . int . conf . comm    
desirable versus undesirable life events : their relationship to stress and mental distress 1975.0 a vinokur   ml selzer journal of personality and social psychology    
decentralized coordination of transactional processes in peer-to-peer environments 2005.0 k haller   c tã 1/4 rker proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
photosynthesis and respiration of citrus as dependent upon fruit load f lenz  proc . int . soc . citricult    
ultraviolet sexual dimorphism and assortative mating in blue tits 1998.0 s andersson   j ornborg   m andersson proceedings : biological sciences    
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals proceedings of the 20th conference on very large data bases   k ibrahim   c faloutsos   
a continuum approach to the mechanics of contracting skeletal muscle awj gielen    
the rendezvous language and architecture for constructing multi-users applications proceedings of acm tichi r gill   t brinck   s rohall   j patterson   
agm : a dataflow database machine . l bic   rl hartmann acm transactions on database systems     1989.0 
tourist guide : some issues and experiences k cheverst   n davies   k mitchell   a friday   dcae proc . of acm    
secure   reliable   transacted web services : architecture and composition df ferguson   t storey   b lovering   j shewchuk    
sic power-switching devicesâ ?? the second electronics revolution ? ja cooperjr   a agarwal 2002.0  proceedings of the ieee    
on james bernoulli 's theorem in probability phil . mag   l rayleigh   
integrating geographic information systems and agent-based modeling techniques for simulating social hr gimblett  2002.0 
business process execution language for web services ( bpel4ws 1.0 ) f curbera   y goland   j klein    
minimizing maximum response time in scheduling broadcasts y bartal   s muthukrishnan 2000.0  proc annu acm siam symp discrete algorithms    
reasoning about qualitative spatial relationships 2000.0 ap sistla   c yu journal of automated reasoning    
effects of tobacco smoking on the hoffmann reflex c kadoya   s matsuoka   ef domino  neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
a new tool for files and tables implementation   '' w litwin   lv hashing proc . 6th int . vldb conf.   montreal    
s. shenker   and l. zhang.â ?? macaw a media access protocol for wiiless lanâ ?? s : â ?? in v bharghavan   a demers proc . acm  
investigation of polymeric space-charge and optically-nonlinear dipole electrets g yang   1996.0 
differential analysis on complex manifolds ro wells   1991.0 
intelligent selection of instances for prediction functions in lazy learning algorithms j zhang   ys yim   j yang artificial intelligence review     1997.0 
scheduling policy for an ondemand video server with batching a dan   d sitaram   p shahabuddin proc . acm    
recursion vs. replication in simple cryptographic protocols h huttel   j srba 2004.0  submitted for publication    
severity assessment of erp-organization misalignment : honing in on ontological structure and context sk sia   c soh  proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;    
two algorithms to construct matrix modifications keeping essentially unaltered sets of eigenvalues s noschese   l pasquini   
research issues in moving objects databases ( tutorial session ) o wolfson 2000.0  proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
the infrared spectra of carrageenans extracted from various algae proc . int . seaweed symp   s peats   
oxygen-derived radicals : a link between reperfusion injury and inflammation jm mccord fed proc   1987.0    
environment and quality of life : social representations of the term â ?? â ?? environment.â ?? â ?? k koskinas   s papastamou   s mantoglou   g  athens   greece : greek letters ( in greek )    
jm   hellerstein   and da patterson . high-performance sorting on networks of workstations ac axpaci-dusseau   rh arpaci-dussenu   de culler & hellip ; 1997acm sigmod httcrnationul conference on mumqemen f & hellip ;    
itâ ?? s time toimplement embedded networking and internetworking o pfeiffer   jr rodrigues electronic design   2002.0    
local buckling in profiled thermoplastic pipes . proc.   28th annual conf . of the canadian society for civil & hellip ;   as dhar   id moore   
in search of standards 1980.0 jb baron   rm baron new directions for program evaluation    
common sense on the go : giving mobile applications an understanding of everyday life h lieberman   a faaborg   j espinosa   t stocky  bt technology  
a distributed database for biomolecular images ak singh   bs manjunath   rf murphy sigmod record     2004.0 
on semantic issues connected with incomplete information systems acm trans . database systems   w lipski   
on indexing moving objects g kollios   d gunopulos   vj tsotras proceedings of acm symp . on principles of database systems    
business-driven sense s atre computerworld    
amazon . com 's privacy policies in spotlight again   us   uk probes urged l rosencrance  computerworld    
the conversational classroom proceeding of the 34th technical symposium on computer science w waite   m jackson   a diwan  2003.0 
user modelling in computer-based critics t mastaglio    
report on the programming language euclid bw lampson   jj horning   rl london   jg mitchell   gj 1977.0  acm sigplan notices    
cellstreamâ ?? pilot customer experience j chauhan   id gallagher bt technology journal   1998.0 
space-bounded foies g dong   j su    
how lossy compression shrinks images . b simon pc  
medical adjuvant treatment to increase patency of arteriovenous fistulae and grafts af da silva   x escofet   pa rutherford cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
a logic for probability in quantum systems r van der meyden   m patra lecture notes in computer science     2003.0 
political geography pj taylor political geography      
let 's work together : sharing the burden of systems support . computerworld.   j stone  1982.0 
the usability life cycle j nielsen    
chaos - a tutorial for engineers t parker   l chua ieee   proceedings     1987.0 
measuring link bandwidths using a deterministic model of packet delay l kevin   b mary proc acm sigcomm      
approximating aggregate queries about web pages via random walks z bar-yossef   a berg   s chien   j fakcharoenphol   d vldb   2000.0    
implementation of two semantic query optimization techniques in db2 universal database q cheng   j gryz   f koo   tyc leung   l liu   x qian    vldb   1999.0 
benzodiazepine facilitation of opiate reward 1999.0 bm walker   
integrity constraint in deductive databases proceedings of the 13th vldb conference   brighton ra kowalski   f sadri   p soper   
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems ( extended ) 27th international conference on very large data bases   rome & hellip ;   b yang   h garcia-molina   
exploring the tensions of problem-based learning : insights from research w hung   jh bailey   dh jonassen 2003.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
economics and sociology : the prospects for an interdisciplinary discourse on law wisconsin law review   1997.0 kg dau-schmidt   
hsg48   reducing error and influencing behaviour uk hse isbn    
forecasting the ocean â ?? weatherâ ?? g rickard   m hadfield   
mnemonics used for patient assessment js halpern journal of emergency nursing     1994.0 
beam commissioning of the j-parc linac dtl-1 at kek proc . of 29th linac meeting in japan ( in japanese )   & hellip ;   y kondoâ ? ¦   
characteristics of randomly connected threshold-element networks and network systems proc . ieee   si amari   
brain abscess in patients with hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia : case report and literature journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 sl dong   sf reynolds   ip steiner   
responding to writing on-line ge hawisher   c moran new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0    
risnes . extending loggingfordatabase snapshot refresh proceedings of the international conference on very large b kahlerando   
dynamic optimistic interprocedural analysis : a framework and an application i pechtchanski   v sarkar   
the major seventh : standards as a leading tone in higher education . new directions for higher education   1983.0 c adelman   
routing on longest-matching prefixes ieee/acm transactions on networking ( ton )   w doeringer   g karjoth   m nassehi  1996.0 
using active learning in college classes : a range of options for faculty   edited by tracey e. m mosely new directions for teaching and  
tool path planning using trochoid cycles for hardened steel in die and mold manufacturing ( 1 s ibaraki   i yamaji   y kakino   s nishida at icam2003    
the lowell report j gray   h schek   m stonebraker   j ullman proc . 2003 acm sigmod international conference on management    
integrating path and timing analysis using instruction-level simulation techniques t lundqvist   p stenstroem lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
embryo transfer in dairy cattle hoards dairyman 1989 ge seidel jr   rp elsden    
analysis of nonlinear resonance in rotated y-cut quartz thickness-shear resonators proc . 29th annual freg . control symposium   hf tiersten   
images of anrâ ?? s g kozlowski unpublished  
determinants of social distance among east african tribal groups mb brewer  journal of personality and social psychology    
dividing pcs and workstations   v39 r nass computerworld      
a brief survey of web data extraction tools sigmod record   2002.0 as da silva   js teixeira   
viral prophylaxis in hepatic transplantation : preliminary report of a randomized trial of acyclovir pz nakazato   w burns   p moore   r garcia-kennedy transplantation proceedings   1993.0    
testing containment of conjunctive queries under functional and inclusion dependencies 1982.0 ds johnson   a klug proceedings of the 1st acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;    
restructuring large classes to create communities of learners j macgregor  new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0 
modular acyclicity and tail recursion in logic programs ka ross proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1991.0    
the political economy of american bankruptcy : the evidence from roll call voting   1800-1978 unpublished e berglof   h rosenthal   
redefining instructional materials : social science 2000 connections   challenges   choices . curriculum r wadeâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1995.0    
jumping on the nii bandwagon sigmod record   x qian  1994.0 
adaptive stabilization of multivariable linear systems ci byrnes   jc willems proceedings of the 23rd conference on decision and control   & hellip ;    
the plant visualisation system ( avis ) hd kochs   j reichel   h husemann demonstration at the    
e cienttransient simulation of lossy interconnect jsrdo pederson  proc . 28th acm/ieee dac   jun    
a monte-carlo simulation of reproduction see ref   jc barrett   
my language   my culture : international variations in standards for english jc stalker new directions for teaching and learning     1997.0 
signs make sense c smith  1990.0 
fear-provoking recommendations   intentions to take preventive actions   and actual preventive actions 1973.0 hp krisher iii   sa darley   jm darley journal of personality and social psychology    
matching range images of human faces jc lee   e milios    
development of the spatial judgement experimental task . jc moore jr   1965.0 
self-directed learning r caffarella  new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
political influence ec banfield   
modeling and querying video data r hielsvold   r midtstraum  proceedings of the 20 thinternational conference on vldb    
the roentgenographic findings associated with air embolism in sport scuba divers cp harker   ts neuman   lk olson   i jacoby  journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
preserving spectral contrast in amplitude compression for hearing aids c juan   c tejero   cr janet proceedings of the 23rd annual embs international conference & hellip ;    
reconstruction and interpretation of 3d body surface images l dekker   bf buxton   i douros   t vassilev  procs of scanning    
research in picture study : the reaction of grammar school pupils to geographical pictures ilm long geography      
viki : spatial hypertext supporting emergent structure cm catherine   ms frank   hc james proc . acm  
teaching social studies creatively . social studies and the young learner   1989.0 w solomon   
symmetric hilbert spaces and related topics a guichardet   
icatect : integrating design tools for preliminary architectural design msc thesis   department of computer science   victoria university r amor   
code scheduling and register allocation in large basic blocks 1988.0 jr goodman   wc hsu proceedings of the 2nd international conference on & hellip ;    
cover your assets sigmod conference   ma olson  1995.0 
ingham â ?? constructing reliable web applications using atomic actionsâ ?? computer networks   sk little   sj shrivastava   db caughey   
measurement of distance and height in images based on easy attainable calibration parameters t bucher    
multi-body simulation of a helicopter landing with skid landing gear in various attitudes and soil c caprile   a airoldi   a biaggi   p mandelli european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0    
asymptotics in statistics lm le cam   l marie   gl yang   
tile hashing w litwin proc . of sigmod conf    
larger than life : itâ ?? s so nonlinear university of wisconsin   km evans   
data management and graphics editing in the berkeley design environment d harrison   p moore   r spickelmier   ar newton proceedings of ieee      
efficient algorithms for the inference of minimum size dfas al oliveira   jpm silva machine learning     2001.0 
atm switching : a brief introduction electronic design   l goldberg   
bor   j   and wilkinson   h   1935 phil . mag   h lowery   j bor   
l.   and eliã `` ns   a.â ?? style sheet support for hypermedia documentsâ ?? proceedings of acm hypertext   j van ossenbruggen   lr hardman   
analysis of dopamine diffusion in the extracellular space of the retina b wichern   p rujan  proceedings of the 23rd goã?ttingen neurobiology conference    
psychosocial support of trauma patients in the emergency department by nurses   as indicated by kw moore   ks schwartz 1993.0  journal of emergency nursing    
role theory   differential association   and compulsive crimes dr cressey  see cavan    
bilateral filtering for gray and color images ''   int ' l conf c tomasi   r manduchi comp . vis.   bombay   india    
an adaptive peer-to-peer network for distributed caching of olap results cwb technology   hk kowloon    
evaluating r & d performance at alcoa laboratories . wc patterson research management      
prefetching in realtime database applications h wedekind   g zoerntlein  proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1986.0 
flight test of arn-99 / v/2 omega navigation set in f-4 aircraft ej smith  omega symposium   2 nd   washington   d. c   proceedings   1974.0 
162 si architekten-verein   sia betonbauten zurich   switzerland      
deadlock detection in distributed databases r culler    
constructing and integrating data-centric web applications : methods   tools   and techniques proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 s ceri   i manolescu   
politicized moral geographies rl bryant political geography     2000.0 
acute and chronic toxicity of 75 pesticides to various animal species down to earth   ee kenaga   
structure sharinginlexicalrepresentations ' pcwt flickingerd proceedings of the 23rd acl   chicago      
cytochromes c : evolutionary   structural   and physicochemical aspects gr moore   gw pettigrew  1990.0 
the virtue of palladium-catalyzed domino reactions-diverse oligocyclizations of acyclic 2 - 2005.0 a de meijere   p von zezschwitz   s brase acc chem res    
mondrian : system for automatic generation of dataflow diagrams information and software technology   1989.0 jb tremblay   
situations in life to support the use and modelling of municipal information systems wg bleek    
immunotherapy for recurrent miscarriage jr scott cochrane database syst rev     2003.0 
cost models for overlapping and multiversion structures acm transactions on database systems   y tao   d papadias   j zhang  2002.0 
interfacility transfer guidelines : an easy reference to help hospitals decide on appropriate journal of emergency nursing   sm boyko  1994.0 
techniques for software renovation mb si  1998.0 
c. harford   b. sarkar ã ? ã 1/4 ber das atcun-strukturelement acc . chem . res      
subjective quality of television pictures with multiple impairments nw lewis   ja allnatt electronic letters    
product recommendation systems : a new direction d bridge    
solar activity cycles and natural states of the heliosphere hs ahluwalia proc . 21st int . cosmic ray conf     1990.0 
microsoft 's 80386/80486 programming guide rp nelson  1991.0 
the gmap : a versatile tool for physical data independence g odysseas   mh solomon   ye ioannidist   
storage and querying of e-commerce data 2001.0 r agrawal   a somani   y xu vldb    
canonical representations for residue classes of a polynomial ideal m lauer  u > proc . acm-symsac < / u    
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals   in `` proceedings 20th international conference on i kamel   c faloutsos   
the global pairwise approach to radiation hybrid mapping r tibshirani   l lazzeroni   t hastie   a olshen   d    
representations underlying transitive choice in humans and other primates jj bryson   jcs leong   
housing and management aspects influencing gilt development and longevity : a review dg levis proceedings of the 2000 allen d. leman swine  
information architecture : a new discipline for organizing hypertext   opening keynote speech at p kahn proceedings of acm hypertext &#39; 01    
minimizing the i/o-operations for undo-logging in database systems a reuter very large data bases   1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ;     1979.0 
videoanywhere : a system for searching and managing distributed heterogeneous video assets c bertram   a sheth   k shah  submitted for publication    
quantifier elimination for the elementary theory of real closed fields by cylindrical algebraic ge collins lecture notes in computer science    
s. lam . adaptive ratecontrolled scheduling for multimedia applications proc . acm d yau   
stress hormones   proinflammatory and antiinflammatory cytokines   and autoimmunity ij elenkov   gp chrousos annals-new york academy of sciences   2002.0    
two layer vector quantization of images j mihalik    
curriculum recommendations for the undergraduate program in computer science : a working report of rh austing   bh barnes   dt bonnette   gl engel   g acm sigcse bulletin   1977.0 
variable impacts of people on brown bear use of an alaskan river tl olson   bk gilbert international conference on bear research and management      
research issues in moving objects database proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on p sistla   o wolfson   
artistic creation as stimulated by superimposed versus separated visual images 1980.0 rs sobel   a rothenberg journal of personality and social psychology    
single dose oral ibuprofen and diclofenac for postoperative pain sl collins   ra moore   hj mcquay   pj wiffen   je cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
nist chemical kinetics database : version 5.0 . national institute of standards and technology   md   wg mallard   f westley   jt herron   rf hampson   dh   
debugging optimized code with expected behavior   '' lw zurawski   re johnson  unpublished manuscript    
computation of asymptotic distribution for semiparametric gmm estimators h ichimura  unpublished  
high-availability computer systems j gray   dp siewiorek   
transmission and display of information for time-critical decisions e horvitz  technical report msr-tr-95-13   microsoft research   february  
transcription of broadcast news-some recent improvements to ibm 's lvcsr system   international l polymenakos   p olsen   d kanevsky   ra gopinath    1998.0 
cbr support for csp modeling of interoperability testing mh sqalli   ec freuder    
canadaâ ?? s community colleges : a critical analysis   published by university of british columbia jd dennison   p gallagher   
d.   naughton   j.   1993   â ?? the 007 benchmarkâ ?? m carey   w de proceedings of the 1993 acm    
electrostatic precipitator modelling ( abstract only ) j hautanen   m kilpelainen 1991.0  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
algorithms and programming models for efficient representation of xml for internet applications n sundaresan   r moussa  computer networks   2002.0 
hla-dqa1 * 1 contributes to resistance and a1 * 3 confers susceptibility to type 1 ( insulin-dependent ) k yamagata   t hanafusa   h nakajima   m sada   h diabetologia   1991.0    
topics of interest in is : comparing academic journals with the practitioner press s gosain   z lee   i im   
handling real-time images comes naturally to systolic array chip electronic design   w hannaway   g shea   wr bishop   
ivy halls and glass walls : barriers to academic careers for women and ethnic minorities 1993.0 p bronstein   ed rothblum   se solomon new directions for teaching and learning    
introduction to electronic auctions s klein    
hypertext : a survey and introduction j conklin ieee computer      
reversal of female mate choice by copying in the guppy ( poecilia reticulata ) la dugatkin   jgj godin  proceedings : biological sciences   1992.0 
contracting out for human services : economic   political   and organizational perspectives rh dehoog  1984.0 
xerox parc   â ?? analysis and simulation of a fair queuing algorithm   â ?? a demers   s keshav   s shenker  proc . acm sigcomm symposium    
physics of high bootstrap fraction   high performance plasmas on the diii-d tokamak mr wade   tc luce   jr ferron   pa politzer   dp    
hons ( at least 8 months spent in a spanish-speaking country ) y spanish   
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems b yang   h garcia-molina proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0    
the 007 benchmark mj carey   dj dewitt   jf naughton proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference    
automatic apparatus vision 87 88 thomas 47 . carter   db hr blackwell   bs prltchard   jg ohmart a further demonstration of phi movement cerebral dominance   '' & hellip ;      
tricyclic and related drugs for nocturnal enuresis in children cm glazener   jh evans cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
shoring up persistent applications proc . of the 1994 acm sigmod conference m carey   d dewitt   j naughton   m solomonâ ? ¦  minneapolis   mn   may    
classes : an abstract data type facility for the c language b stroustrup 1982.0  acm sigplan notices    
at al. : r * - tree : an efficent and robust access method for points and rectangles b norbertâ ? ¦ proc . of acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data      
swallow tail streamer is a mechanical device for self deflection of tail leading edge   enhancing ra norberg proceedings : biological sciences   1994.0 
problem-based learning in medicine and beyond : a brief overview new directions for teaching and learning   hs barrows  1996.0 
making sense of the x factor n stam  pc magazine   january    
her life and chants santa barbara   california : ross-erikson   a estrada   m sabina   
movements and associated behaviour ofwoodland caribou in central manitoba proc . int . congr . game biol   mw shoesmith   dr storey   
ecosystem processes component level 1 interpretive report no. 10 . chesapeake biological laboratory ( wr boynton   wm kemp   jm barnes   ll matteson   fm md      
intelligent database caching through the use of page-answers and page-traces 1992.0 n kamel   r king acm transactions on database systems    
an introduction to probability theory and its applications 1957.0 w feller   
zippered polygon meshes from range images g turk   m levoy proceedings of siggraph   1994.0    
combining histograms and parametric curve fitting for feedback-driven query result-size estimation a konig   g weikum proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     1999.0 
towards a formal approach for object database design p poncelet   m teisseire   r cicchetti   l lakhal    
the xps approach to loading and unloading terabyte databases s atal  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
working with metafiles : modifying and sharing vector-oriented images c petzold pc magazine      
analysis of link cost functions for pnni routing 2000.0 a magi   a szentesi   b szviatovszki computer networks    
the area-time complexity of binary multiplication rp brent   ht kung journal of the acm ( jacm )     1981.0 
assessment instrument training b bogue   1999.0 
hancock . 3dsurface topography from intensity images procs . international conference on computer vision   p worthingtonande   
diuretic therapy for newborn infants with posthemorrhagic ventricular dilatation cochrane database syst . a whitelaw   cr kennedy   lp brion   
improving database design through the analysis of relationships acm transactions on database systems   1999.0 d dey   vc storey   tm barron   
poplar plants through anther culture proc . 28th north east tree improvement conference . univ. of & hellip ;   rh ho   ay raj   l zsuffa   
haddad r. reasoning about spatial relationships in picture retrieval systems p sistla   c yu   
u > recursive data structures < / u > car hoare stanford university computer science department technical    
control of nonlinear systems and differential inclusions h frankowska to    
understanding availability lecture notes in computer science   r bhagwan   s savage   gm voelker  2003.0 
thin clientsâ ?? overnightâ ?? hit computer networks   j fulton   
towards event-driven modelling for database design p poncelet   m teisseire   r cicchetti   1994.0 
a web based multi-display presentation system proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 f zhao   q liu   
conditional maximum likelihood estimation of naive bayes probability models using rational function c chelba   a acero   
characteristic cycles on differentiable manifolds . ls pontriagin  1950.0 
using surface-learning to improve speech recognition with lipreading c bregler   s omohundro   y konig   n morgan  proc . 28th annual asilomar conf . on signals   systems   and  
minimax estimates of linear functionals in a hilbert space p speckman  unpublished manuscript    
lanczos type methods for systems of linear equations c brezinski   h sadok   
comparing software development methods : an example 1991.0 jr cameron   a campbell   pt ward information and software technology    
object query standards ae wade 1996.0  sigmod record    
section-wise piecewise-linear functions : canonical representation   properties and applications lo chua   sm kang  proc . ieee    
on automatic annotation of images with latent space models f monay   d gatica-perez   
special issue on constructing software engineering tools j gray   a liu   l scott 2000.0  information & software technology    
today 's actions tomorrowâ ?? s landscapes proceedings of the 25 thanniversary conference of the new & hellip ;   s thompson   
reasoning about the heap in higher order logic v kuncak   m rinard technical report   laboratory for computer science   massachusetts  
experiences in integrated multi-domain management d lewis   t tiropanis   a mcewan   c redmond   v wade    proceedings ifip/ieee international conference on management & hellip ;    
improving the availability of internet2 applications and services g carpenter   g goldszmidt   
the variation of measured cross-polarized echo intensity in rain with direction of polarization   and a hendry   ymm antar  conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
integrated semiconductor magnetic field sensors hp baltes   rs popovic ieee   proceedings   1986.0 
an alternative approach : the unfolding model of voluntary employee turnover tw lee   tr mitchell the academy of management review     1994.0 
mondrian/system for automatic generation of dataflow diagrams information and software technology   lb protsko   pg sorenson   jp tremblay   
traversal recursion : a practical approach to suouortinz recursive auulications . acm sigmod   a ro & thalâ ? ¦   
faculty development : working together to improve teaching and learning lg dotolo new directions for higher education   1999.0    
the oo7 benchmark . buneman p   jajodia s mj carey   dj de witt   jf naughton  proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference  
alleviation of tunnel entry pressure transients : 2-theoretical modelling and experimental ae vardy   b dayman paper h3 . procs 3rd intl symp on the aerodynamics and & hellip ;    
the dutch experiment in developing adult creativity fh haanstra new directions for adult and continuing education     1999.0 
the effect of nacl and licl on vasopressin-sensitive adenyl cyclase . life sci i   t dousa   o hechter  1970.0 
analytic modeling of computer systems k trivedi ieee computer      
the bookmark and the compass : orientation tools for hypertext users m bernstein    
a dos-limiting network architecture proceedings of acm sigcomm   x yang   d wetherall   t anderson  2005.0 
minimizing the pain of local infiltration anesthesia for wounds by injection into the wound edges am kelly   m cohen   d richards journal of emergency medicine   1994.0    
antibiotics for preterm rupture of membranes s kenyon   m boulvain   j neilson  cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
high-performance routing in networks of workstations with irregular topology f silla   
linear time algorithm for isomorphism of planar graphs ( preliminary report ) je hopcroft   jk wong proceedings of the sixth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;   1974.0 
a decade of hardware/software codesign w wolf   
the design and implementation of a parallel array operator for the arbitrary remapping of data sj deitz   bl chamberlain   se choi   l snyder    
approximating multi-dimensional aggregate range queries over real attributes c domeniconi   d gunopulos   g kollios   vj tsotras proc . acm sigmod      
experiments on access to digital libraries : how can images and text be used together proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   m lesk  1994.0 
cover your assets d essex computerworld      
  s. sudarshan   m. bawa   g. bhalotia   and d. shah . turbo-charging vertical mining of large databases p shenoy  technical report tr-2000-02   dsl   indian institute of science    
cyclic networks : a family of versatile fixed-degree interconnection architectures ch yeh   b parhami   
experimental mathematics : an application to retarded differential equations with infinite lag a feldstein   ck grafton proc . 1968 acm national  
similarity based retrieval of pictures using indices on spatial relationships proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   ap sistla   c yu   c liu   k liu  1995.0 
efficient mining of xml query patterns for caching lh yang   ml lee   w hsu vldb   2003.0 
paramodulation and set of support l wos   g robinson    
renal transplantation in very young children lancet i   rs trompeter   c chantler  1983.0 
on the convergence rates of ipa and fdc derivative estimators for finite-horizon stochastic systems plâ ?? ecuyer   g perron submitted for publication    
s and rungis j 1970 rs crisp phil . mag    
media companion : delivering content-oriented web services to internet media wy maâ ? ¦    
stressful life events : their nature and effects bs dohrenwend   bp dohrenwend 1974.0    
piecewise smoothing for blurred images based on nonlinear diffusion equation [ z ] g xin   l laifu    
prosocial studies . curriculum concerns . social studies and the young learner   r wadeâ ? ¦  1996.0 
analytic interpolation and the degree constraint tt georgiou    
performance analysis of three related assignment problems ct yu   k lam   
linear programming v chvatal 1983.0    
rollback-dependency trackability : visible characterizations r baldoni   m raynal    
comparing acoustically tagged juvenile chinook and steelhead behavior with powerhouse flow data at tw steig inc.   seattle   washington      
dialogue and process design for interactive information systems using taxis j barron  acm sigoa newsletter   1982.0 
needed : graphics standards . t clarkson computerworld.   1985.0 
brief introduction to mariculture of five selected species in china ( section 1 : sea-horse culture ) regional seafarming development and demonstration project . & hellip ;   c jiaxin   
one-sided ideals in ac * - algebra jc chuan dissertation   university of california   santa barbara      
piecewise polynomial solutions of aerosol dynamics 2004.0 a sandu   
density-dependent   shifts of hydrogen maser standards sb crampton   htm wang   
kinetics of phase formation in au-al thin films 1975.0 su campisano   g foti   e rimini   ss lau   jw mayer phil . mag.    
new paradigms for constructing symmetric encryption schemes secure against chosen-ciphertext attack a desai  lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
modeling hot spots in database systems ( extended abstract ) w wang   m hsu   e pinsky proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1991.0 
lateral inhibition through delta-notch signaling : a piecewise affine hybrid model lecture notes in computer science   r ghosh   cj tomlin  2001.0 
interactive tv : vod meets the internet ssy shim   yj lee   
evaluation of database recursive logic programs as recursive function series g gardarin   c demaindreville  proc . acm sigmod int . conference on management of  
incremental and effective data summarization for dynamic hierarchical clustering 2004.0 s nassar   j sander   c cheng proc . of acm  
elimination of intersection amomalies from database schemes proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1983.0 c beeri   m kifer   
computing the ambiguity function on various domains l auslander   i gertner  submitted for  
a parameter based admission control for differentiated services networks m fidler   v sander 2004.0  computer networks    
using xml effectively in ebusiness architectures r bodkin    
hypertext : anintroductionandsurvey j conklin  ieee computer    
constructing and integrating data-centric web applications s ceri   i manolescu  methods   tools and techniques   vldb    
triage : how long does it take ? how long should it take ? d travers  journal of emergency nursing   1999.0 
creating satisfaction in steady dating relationships : the role of personal goals and situational ca sanderson   n cantor journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
development of a selection index for undergraduate admissions to the school of business n lowell   g gillmore seattle   washington . ( eric document reproduction service no . & hellip ;   1981.0 
lh-linear hashing for distributed files w litwin   ma neimat   da schneider    
in emulsion polymerization piirma   i.   m nomura   
deadlock detection in multidatabase systems : a performance analysis di e sistemistica   v salaria   i roma   
the timed failures-stability model for csp gm reed   aw roscoe    
a nonlinear model of a turbine blade by asymptotic analysis jm rodriguez   
â ?? integral-methodische integration multimedialer und interaktiver lernwerkzeuge zur optimierung der proceedings of d-cscl   c koppenhã ¶ fer   t bã ¶ hmann   h krcmar   
a data model and l ~ ry language for xodus m careyâ ? ¦  proc . sigmod conf.   chicago    
hypertext presentation of thesauri used in online searching . r pollard    
literacy impact studies in solomon islands and vanuatu g singh 2001.0  international journal of educational research    
probability criterion and efficient fronfier [ a ] proceedings of 2001 international conference on management & hellip ;   h qiheng   t wansheng   l guangquan  2001.0 
tibiofibular syndesmosis and ossification . case report : sequelae of ankle sprain in an adolescent journal of emergency medicine   ma kennedy   ae sama   m sigman  2000.0 
content-based browsing of video sequences f arman   r depommier   a hsu   my chiu    
role of bcl-2 family proteins in apoptosis : apoptosomes or mitochondria ? genes to cells   y tsujimoto  1998.0 
a link between scattering resonances and dilation analytic resonances in few body quantum mechanics communications in mathematical physics   ga hagedorn  1979.0 
the relationships of the s-genome diploids to polyploid wheats g kimber proc . int . wheat genet . symp    
limits of performance in reference-tracking and path-following for nonlinear systems ap aguiar   jp hespanha   p kokotovic    
the killer app crew s moore computerworld    
further evidence of the necessity of sunspots   k shell   
towards a hybrid logic of acquaintance and awareness a saffiotti   f sebastiani   
towards a low bandwidth talking face using appearance models bj theobald   g cawley   s kruse   ja bangham    
resistance to self-direction in learning can be overcome . 1994.0 r hiemstra   rg brockett new directions for adult and continuing education    
r-tree : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching g antonin proceeding of acm sigmod      
planarization of graphs embedded on surfaces hn djidjev   sm venkatesan lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
beyond the electronic book s moulthrop proc . 3rd acm hypertext conference    
technology adaption in logic synthesis 1986.0 wh joyner jr   lh trevillyan   d brand   ta nix   sc proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;    
neptune : a hypertext system for cad applications n delisle   m schwartz proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference    
interoperability   standards   and software agent systems m lyell   
altruistic locking [ j ] s kenneth acm transactions on database systems    
k. 13 . harvey   and gm mitchell dj barber phil . mag      
an analysis of three gigabit networking protocols for storage area networks v kaladhar ieee computer    
cold flow simula-tiono f vortex induced oscillationsi namodel of solid propeilant boosters greater seattle   washington   aiaa paper   j anthoine   d olivari   
the â ?? smugglers of fearâ ?? : racist discourse and immigrants in the press of a potential metropolis m pavlou  immigrants in greece . athens : society for political thinking & hellip ;    
data report : high-resolution stable isotope stratigraphy of the late middle eocene at site 1050   bs wade   rd norris   d kroon kroon   d.   proceedings of the ocean drilling program   & hellip ;    
recombinant human insulin-like growth factor i ( rhigf-i ) for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor jd mitchell   jh wokke   gd borasio  cochrane database syst . rev   2002.0 
prentice hall fd corrigan   c eire   m jaffee   
stone braker m   ullman jd . the asilomar repo rt on database research sigmod record   p bernstein   ml brodie   s ceri   dj dewitt   mj   
simulation and measurement of dielectric antennas at 150 ghz j weinzierl   j richter   
land surface geos modeling and data assimilation strategy   dao oce note   oce note series on global pr houser   r yang   j joiner   a dasilva   s cohn    
bargaining and network structure : an experiment g charness   m corominas-bosch   gr frechette    
tools for real-time collaborative work in the colab g foster position paper and demonstration at the groupware technology  
indexing in a hypertext database c clifton   h garcia-molina  vldb   1990.0 
further applications of besselâ ?? s functions of high order to the whispering gallery and allied l rayleigh  phil . mag    
8â cents mitchell   te ( 1973 ) l hwang   ah heuer  phil . mag    
tyranny of words . p burgess computerworld.   1984.0 
high-performance sorting on networks of workstations ac dusseau   rha dusseau   de culler   jm hellerstein proc . sigmod intl. conf . on management of data    
the gendered construction of the adult education and family literacy act b sparks 2001.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
distribution of protein kinase c immunoreactivity in rat retina jg wood   ce hart   gj mazzei   pr girard   jf kuo  the histochemical journal   1988.0 
mhc genotype and male ornamentation : genetic evidence for the hamilton-zuk model tv schantz   h wittzell   g goransson   m grahn   k 1996.0  proceedings : biological sciences    
early holocene glacial interactions in inner frobisher bay   southern baffin island   nunavut wf manley   jj moore proceedings of the 25th arctic workshop   centre dâ ?? ã?tudes & hellip ;    
bundesegesetz ã 1/4 ber elektronische signaturen ( signaturgesetz-sigg ) afes law bgbl i    
nist electron effective-attenuation-length database   version 1.0   national institute of standards md   cj powell   a jablonski   
towards a common api for structured peer-to-peer overlays f dabek   b zhao   p druschel   j kubiatowicz   i  lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
yamaguchi   and koumura   y.   â ?? thread-based programming for the em-4 hybrid data-flow machine   â ?? m sato   y kodama   s sakai proc . of acm    
rybe : a tabular interface for querying a multi-database system 8th international conference on management of data   c sallaberry   mn bessagnet   h kriaa   
fossil fuels : the decade of surplus   syd and arthur d spooner  geography    
aucnet : electronic intermediary for used car transactions hg lee    
role of the posterolateral cerebellum in language al gebhart   se petersen   wt thach annals-new york academy of sciences   2002.0 
w.   myers hn dunning   j moore at   ibid      
limits of indirect branch prediction k driesen    
histological typing of tumours of the upper respiratory tract and ear k shanmugaratnam   lh sobinâ ? ¦   1996.0 
concluding comments and further resources . pj tate   m kressel new directions for higher education   1983.0    
schooling and work among youth from low-income households 1979.0 s barclayâ ? ¦   
analytic element modeling of groundwater flow : academic press hm haitjema  san diego    
a business contracting model for tina architecture f daoud 1998.0  electronic markets    
ricin a-chain structural determinant for binding substrate analogues : a molecular dynamics ma olson    
a report on openmath sigsam bulletin   j abbot   a diaz   rs sutor  1996.0 
faithful least-squares fitting of spheres   cylinders   cones and tori for reliable segmentation g lukacs   r martin   d marshall  lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
induced representations and normal subgroups g mackey  proc . int . symp . linear  
speech transmission over digital mobile radio channels p barrett   rm voelcker bt technology journal   1996.0    
asymptotic equilibrium of nonlinear difference systems r medina   m pinto    
running ms-dos qbasic 1991.0 m halvorson   d rygmyr   
quantification of retinal damage during cardiopulmonary bypass : comparison of computer and human jr jagoe   ci blauth   
protocol animation based on event-driven visualization scenarios in real - time lotos 2002.0 k yasumoto   t umedu   h yamaguchi   a nakata   t computer networks    
making child care choices . how welfare and work policies influence parentsâ ?? decisions la gennetian   ac huston   da crosby   ye chang   ed  mdrc policy brief . new york : manpower demonstration research & hellip ;    
novel eigenanalysis method for direction estimation p stoica   kc sharman iee proceedings   1990.0    
social context research project : methods for facilitating the inclusion of students with cg breen   ch kennedy   tg haring   1991.0 
tuiqiao : a hypertext tool for requirements analysis submitted for publication   k takahashi   c potts   
approximating multi-dimensional aggregate range queries over real attributes 2000.0 d gunopulos   g kollios   vj tsotras   c domeniconi sigmod conference    
hanssen jr. aquanet : a hypertext tool to hold your knowledge in place cm catherine   gh frank   ar russel   c william proc . acm  
the structure of images . < i > biol jj koenderink  cybern . < / i    
decommissioning of radiochemical objects si rovnyi   nv arsentâ ?? eva   nm emelâ ?? yanovaâ ? ¦ at .    
the impact of public institutions on regional income ; upstate medical center as a case in point economic geography   1974.0 cl moore   
an online video placement policy based on bandwidth to space ( bsr ) a dan   d sitaram  proceedings of acm  
a password authentication scheme based upon rabinâ ?? s public-key cryptosystem proc . int . conf . systems cc chang   lh wu   
thermal comfort in passive solar buildings technical university of denmark   hn knudsen   rj de dear   jw ring   tl li   tw   
vocal cord dysfunction mimicking a severe asthma attack jm wolfe   bm meth 1999.0  journal of emergency medicine    
the compass search engine for unified ranked retrieval of heterogenous xml and web data proceedings of the 30th vldb conference   toronto   canada   j graupmann   m biwer   c zimmer   c zimmer   m bender   
ther oo7 bechmark m carey   d dewitt   j naughton proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod conference    
freemmg : a hybrid peer-to-peer and client-server model for massively multiplayer games fr cecin   r de oliveira jannone   cfr geyer   mg proceedings of acm sigcomm   2004.0    
similarity based retrieval of pictures using indices on spatial relationships a prasad sistla   c yu   c liu   k liu  proc . 1995vldb conference   zurich   switzerland    
growth curve analyses : a potential measure of the effects of environmental stress upon wildlife tt fendley   il brisbin jr  proc . int . game biol    
reproductive effort and t-lymphocyte cell-mediated immuno-competence in female pied flycatchers j moreno   jj sanz   e arriero 1999.0  proceedings : biological sciences    
improving the consistency of conditional probability assessments for forecasting and decision making h moskowitz   rk sarin management science     1983.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?macaw : a media access protocol for wireless lansã cents â ? ¬ â ? v bharghavan   a demers   s shenker   l zhang  proceedings of acm  
politics on the nets : wiring the political process w rash    
plasma leptin and insulin relationships in obese and nonobese humans s dagogo-jack   c fanelli   d paramore   j brothers    diabetes-new  
garcia-molina . comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems . 7 b yang proceedings of very large databases  
synthesis of nonequidistant antenna arrays in problems of signal separation according to direction iui abramovich   bg danilov radiotekhnika i elektronika   1975.0    
introduction : development theory and environment in an age of market triumphalism r peet   m watts economic geography   1993.0    
the modelling phase of jsd . jr cameron information and software technology     1988.0 
maritime surveillance radar . part 1 : radar scattering from the ocean surface 1990.0 kd ward   cj baker   s watts iee proceedings    
dec. 1998 . â ?? the asilomar report on database researchâ ?? p bernsteinâ ? ¦ acm sigmod    
pitch predictors with high temporal resolution p kroon   bs atal   
snapshot of e-commerce 's opportunities and threats yvoa saanen 1999.0  electronic markets    
supporting gi standards with a model-driven architecture r groenmo   
recursive approach to optimal control problem of multiarea electric energy system j momoh    
biological recovery versus desertization economic geography   1977.0 hn le houerou   
database access characterization for buffer hit prediction a dan   ps yu   jy chung    
some sikp-complete set cover problems wj masek   1978.0 
a hybrid protocol for scalable application-level multicast in peer-to-peer systems proceedings of acm nossdav   r zhang   ych borg   
supporting real-time applications in an inlegrated services packet network : architecture and proc . acm sigcomm   dc ii   s shenker   l zhang   
progress on hpcc and nii sigmod record   1994.0 m wixxslett   
constructing database systems in a persistent environment r cooper   a dearle  vldb   1987.0 
a dataflow architecture with tagged tokens   '' paper no vk arvind   k pingali  mit/lcs-tm -174   laboratory for computer science   mit   september    
a longitudinal study of magnetization transfer in multiple sclerosis gb pike   n de stefano   s narayanan   g francis   j  proc int soc magn reson med    
the jpeg still picture compression standard gk wallace   
habitat conditions influencing a remnant bull trout spawning population   gold creek   washington . ( seattle   washington   sd craig   rc wissmar   
what 's that character doing in your interface ? a don proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0    
rechnergestã 1/4 tzte geburtsplanung und-visualisierung zur prã $ vention des menschlichen geburtstraumas procs bvm   j schwarz   a wischnik   
application of telemetry to sports activities t ishiko  biomechanics i    
semantics for null extended nested relations m levene   g loizou acm transactions on database systems     1993.0 
quantitative analytic approaches in software engineering k torii   k matsumoto  information and software technology   1996.0 
eâ ? cient view self-maintenance n huyn proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference   athens   greece      
outage probability calculations for a mobile radio system having two log-normal interferers kw sowerby   ag williamson electronic letters    
a methodology for constructing communication protocols g singh  proc . acm sigcomm symp    
hydrogen research development and demonstration activities at the idaho & hellip ;   rp anderson   
ed codes : keep the family out c osuagwu journal of emergency nursing   1991.0 
anticonvulsants for preventing mortality and morbidity in full term newborns with perinatal asphyxia cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 dj evans   mi levene   
h. p1 . yeung and k. karlapalem   capbased-ams : a capability-based and event-driven activity proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of pck hung   
a high-availability scalable distributed data structure using reed solomon codes w litwin   t schwarz  proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
new fault localizing method for the program debugging process l lian   s kusumoto   t kikuno   k matsumoto   k torii information and software technology     1997.0 
new quadric metric for simplifying meshes with appearance attributes . ieee visualizationâ ?? 99 h hoppe  1999.0 
implementation   elimination of weakly dominated strategies and evolutionary dynamics a cabrales   g ponti    
minimax algebra ra cuninghame-green  1979.0 
delay bounds for a network of guaranteed rate servers with fifo aggregation s jamin   pb danzig   s shenker   l zhang proc . of acm sigcomm      
did your family take baths on the prairie ? ja smith   d hobbs social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
pathology of zoo animals : zoological society of san diego la griner san diego   california    
clustering techniques for minimizing external path length aa diwan   s rane   s seshadri   s sudarshan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0    
merozoite vaccination of douroucouli monkeys against falciparum malaria lancet i   1977.0 gh mitchell   whg richards   ga butcher   s cohen   
how to avoid designing digital libraries : a scenario based approach jm carroll 1995.0  acm sigois bulletin    
resonant tunneling diodes : models and properties proceedings-ieee   1998.0 jp sun   gi haddad   p mazumder   jn schulman   
on three classes of automata-like p systems r freund   c martin-vide   a obtulowicz   g paun lecture notes in computer science   2003.0    
extended probability tables for approximating neutron multigroup cross-sections a rineiski   v sinitsa   
analysis and simulation of web services s narayanan   s mcilraith computer networks   2003.0    
the beauty of fractals 1986.0 ho peitgen   ph richter   
mds codes over finite quasi-frobenius rings h horimoto   k shiromoto   
olap solutions : building multidimensional information systems e thomsenâ ? ¦ john wiley &  
characterizing the performance and stability issues of the as path prepending method : taxonomy   h wang   rkc chang   dm chiu   jcs lui proceedings of acm sigcomm asia workshop     2005.0 
macaw : a media access protocol for wireless lans proc . of acm sigcommm   v bhargavan   a demers   s shenker   l zhang   
operations and maintenance centreâ ?? delivering network services a dawson-maddocks   d cooper   c scobie bt technology journal   1997.0    
charting reform in chicago schools : pluralistic policy research pa sebring   as bryk new directions for program evaluation   1993.0    
contribution of chromophoric dissolved organic matter to attenuation of ultraviolet radiation in marine science . university of california santa barbara   kw patterson   
the methood approach : measures   transformation rules   and heuristics for object-oriented design t grotehen   kr dittrich    
sources of error in survey data used in criminal justice evaluation : draft of final report 1981.0 wt bielby   ra berk   
relationship between the number of thunderstorm days and the lightning flash density registered by f popolansky proc . 21st int . conf . on lightning protection   berlin   & hellip ;      
an experiment on sanding task using impedance controlled manipulator with vibrational type tool f nagata   k watanabe    
fast image retrieval using color-spatial information bc ooi   kl tan   ts chua   w hsu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1998.0    
multiple object tracking in complex scenes proceedings of acm a cavallaro   o steiger   t ebrahimi   
cytochromes c : biological aspects 1987.0 gw pettigrew   gr moore   
further improvements on integrity constraint checking for stratifiable deductive databases sy lee   tw ling vldb   1996.0    
window control strategies for hypertext traversal : an empirical study j lifshitz   b shneiderman  proc . 29th annual acm dc technical symposium    
hmso 1993 isbn   rs act   
mobilizing structures and cycles of protest : post-stalinist contention in poland   1954-1959 mobilization-san diego -   m osa  2001.0 
journalism : acquiring something to write about . rl moore 1989.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
scheduling policies for an on-demand video server with batching a dan   d sitaram   p shahabuddin   
adding relevant to xml a theobald   g weikum proc . sigmod/pods workshop on the web and databases    
ingham-type inequalities and riesz bases of divided differences s avdonin   w moran   
a brief note on performance of an ethernet system under high load computer networks   jf shoch   
concurrent operations in extendible hashing m hsu   wp yang 1986.0  vldb    
a little taste of something more exotic ' : the imaginative geographies of everyday life j may geography-london -   1996.0    
complete axiomatization and decidability of the alternating-time temporal logic v goranko   g van drimmelen   
constructing group learning je heimlich new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
implementing lh * rs : a scalable distributed high-availability data structure m ljungstrã ¶ m master th . ( feb. 2000 )   cs dep.   u. linkoping      
towards event-driven modelling for database design m teisseirdl   p poncelew   r cicchettw    
the nonlinear schrodinger equation c sulem   pl sulem  1999.0 
3d visualisation of a resistivity data setâ ?? an example from a sludge disposal site : symp appl . geophys . eng . environ . probl.   procs   c bernstone   t dahlin   p jonsson   
primitive recursion for higher-order abstract syntax j despeyroux   f pfenning   c schuermann 1997.0  lecture notes in computer science    
software for semidefinite programmingâ ?? userâ ?? s guide l vanderberghe   s boyd technical report   stanford university   princeton   nj   1994 . viã ¯  
pattern-and colour-dependence of horizontal cell responses in the carp retina procs . of the first symposium on testing and identification ki hara   k fukurotani   y oomura   
exploiting constraint-like data characterizations in query optimization p godfrey   j gryz   c zuzarte 2001.0  sigmod conference    
new linear parameterisation of all stabilising compensators for single-input/single-output plants g celentano   g de maria    
prehistoric archaeology and american society see ref   bg trigger   
the oo7 bechmark acm sigmod   m carey   d dewitt   j naughton   
unlocking knowledge assets s conway   c sligar 2002.0    
causal models of adolescent substance use : an examination of gender differences using distribution - m windle   gm barnes   j welte journal of personality and social psychology   1989.0 
conformations of linear chains . systematics and suggestions for nomenclature acc . chem . res   j michl   r west  2000.0 
try   try again computerworld   k nash   m songini   
reconstruction : america 's unfinished revolution   1863-1877 e foner    
brief psychosesâ ?? the acute and transient psychotic disorders a marneros   f pillmann  2002.0 
b culshaw proc spie smart structures and materials g thursby   b sorazu   f dong   d betz  san diego    
superinfection and the evolution of parasite virulence ma nowak   rm may proceedings : biological sciences   1994.0 
modelling human power and endurance rh morton  journal of mathematical biology   1990.0 
link-based and content-based evidential information in a belief network model i silva   b ribeiro-neto   p calado   e moura   n  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 
effect of dose on the pharmacokinetics of intravenous nicotine in the rat rp miller   ks rotenberg   j adir    
empowering women 's citizenship political geography   la staeheli   ms cope  1994.0 
peersdi : a peer-to-peer information dissemination system k zhao   s zhou   l xu   w cai   a zhou    
a culture assessment of xyz manufacturing company by andrea c. price a research paper 2003.0 k lui   
individuation   gender role   and dissent : personality mediators of situational forces c maslach   rt santee   c wade  journal of personality and social psychology    
intrinsic atomic characterizations of function spaces on domains h triebel   
methods and standards for encryption of spacecraft telemetry and telecommand links ra rueppel   hp bader   1985.0 
the xxl search engine : ranked retrieval of xml data using indexes and ontologies sigmod conference   a theobald   g weikum  2002.0 
developing situation-awareness in middleware for ubicomp environments s yau   y wang   f karim proc . 26th int &#39; l computer software and applications    
piecing it together : america 's story in quilts social studies and the young learner   jr marrou  2000.0 
controversy   questions   and suggestions for further reading new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 ma gillen   lm english   
a new linear post-filtering technique to reduce transform coding block-edge artifact at low bit s suthaharan   hr wu & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing  
structure-function relationships of antimicrobial dermaseptins   p. 47â ?? 49 k hani   p nicolas   a mor  proceedings of the 23rd european peptide symposium . escom   & hellip ;    
an optimal path cover for cographs r lin   s olariu   g pruesse    
influence of attachment styles on romantic relationships ja simpson journal of personality and social psychology    
bbl : a building block layout system for custom chip design proc . int . conf . computer-aided design   np chen   cp hsu   es kuh   cc chen   m takahashi   
about some relationships between knowledge and context jc pomerol   p brezillon lecture notes in computer science   2001.0    
rational norm creation : a recursive model of normative systems and agents in g boella   l van der torre procs . of  
casdal : cassm 's data language syw su   a emam 1978.0  acm transactions on database systems    
a-6020 innsbruck m spetea    
approximation and collusion in multicast cost sharing   submitted . available in preprint form at http 2001.0 j feigenbaum   a krishnamurthy   r sami   s shenker   
differential geometry : manifolds   curves   and surfaces m berger   b gostiaux 1987.0    
an active and deductive object-oriented data model g guerrini   
the beauty of the-calculus f kamareddine   rp nederpelt to    
retrieval of pictures using a similarity based approach employing indices on spatial relationships ap sistla   c yu   
nonrigid registration of diffusion tensor images r sierra   
computational aspects of vlsi computer science press   rockville md   jd ullman   
dj dewitt and jf naughton ( 1993 )   '' the oo7 benchmark mj carey proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
theorizing adult development mc clark   rs caffarella new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0 
a threshold of ln n for set cover u feige  proc . 28th annual symposium on theory of computing   acm    
winmagic : subquery elimination using window aggregation proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2003.0 c zuzarte   w ma   l liu   
a logical foundation for deductive object-oriented databases acm transactions on database systems   m liu   g dobbie   tw ling  2002.0 
of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil mj carey   dj dewitt 1996.0  vldb    
the collaborative desktopâ ?? collaboration and information building 1994.0 k tollmar   m marmolin   y sundblad   
an embedded system for autonomous collision avoidance and line tracking using artificial cmos retina h li   s bouaziz   f devos   
interventions for influencing sleep patterns in exclusively breast fed infants cochrane database syst mj renfrew   s lang   l martin   m woolridge   
linear algebra and its applications : harcourt brace jovanovich publishers san diego   g strang   
semantic lock models in object-oriented distributed systems and deadlock resolution m roesler   wa burkhard proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     1988.0 
cage and poligon : two frameworks for blackboard-based concurrent problem-solving hp nii 1986.0    
detection of stationary and dynamic space substratum p tewari borderland sciences congress   santa barbara   california   & hellip ;      
telephone counselling for smoking cessation cochrane database syst rev   lf stead   t lancaster   r perera  2003.0 
ontology as a foundation for meta-modelling and method engineering y wand information and software technology   1996.0 
graph clustering 1 : cycles of cliques fj brandenburg   
battery life estimation of mobile embedded systems d panigrahi   c chiasserini   s dey   r rao   a    
39a session calledâ ?? court called into sessionâ ?? a rot is required see g if   
japanese foreign direct investment : wealth effects from purchases and sales of us assets rh pettway   nw sicherman   dk spiess    
linear hashing for distributed les   acm sigmod int w litwin   ma neimat   das lh conf . on management of data   washington   dc      
firmly grounded : economics in the future of the law ts ulen 1997.0  wisconsin law review    
glu   zm ozsoyo glu   and v. matos . extending relational algebra and relational calculus with set - g ozsoyo acm transactions on database systems    
â ?? scheduling policies for an on-demand video server with batching   â ?? proc . acm multimedia a dean   d sitaram   p shahabuddin   
graduate programs in schools of education : facing tomorrow   today . bl schneider new directions for higher education     1984.0 
new york   ny : acm ; 1991 . 93-112 il chicago   
evaluation of the size of a query expressed in relational algebra proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference p richard   
m. { a. neimat   da schneider : lh * | linear hashing for distributed files w litwin proc . acm sigmod conference on the management of data    
asymptotics in statistics : some basic concepts 1990.0 lm le cam   gl yang   
the political landscape of adult education : from the personal to political and back again ca hansman 2001.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
interleukin-6 family of cytokines and gp130 blood-new york -   1995.0 t kishimoto   s akira   m narazaki   t taga   
constructing logically consistent special and general theories of relativity   math . dept.   us naval md   ra herrmann   
a complete temporal relational algebra d dey   tm barron   vc storey the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
february 2000   national institute of standards and technology   gaithersburg wg mallard   pj linstrom    
scott shenker ( xerox parc )   deborah estrin ( usc/isi )   '' sharing the cost of multicast trees : an s herzog proceedings of  
added benefits : the link between work-life benefits and organizational citizenship behavior sj lambert  academy of management journal   2000.0 
nist electron inelastic-mean-free-path database ( version 1.0 ) . national institute of standards and cj powell   a jablonski md    
spatial data mining : a database approach lecture notes in computer science   m ester   hp kriegel   j sander  1997.0 
cospan lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 rh hardin   z har ` el   rp kurshan   
modelling of chemicals in lakes-development and application of user-friendly software ( masas & m ulrich 1991.0    
retirement expectations formation using the health and retirement study . h benãtez - silva   d dwyer  unpublished manuscript    
cytochemical studies of hydrogen peroxide production in the tadpole tail ofrana japonica during f sasaki   t kinoshita   h takahama   k watanabe the histochemical journal     1988.0 
videoconferecing standarts target desktop applications c ajluni electronic design      
evidence for widespread wolbachia infection in isopod crustaceans : molecular identification and host d bouchon   t rigaud   p juchault proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0 
g-whiz   a visual interface for the functional model with recursion vldb   s heiler   a rosenthal   
high-performance sorting on networks of workstations ac arpaci-dusseau   rh arpaci-dusseau   de culler   sigmod conference     1997.0 
haemoglobin and haematocrit targets for the anaemia of chronic renal disease gf strippoli   c manno   fp schena   jc craig 2003.0  cochrane database syst rev    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?multiple - view self-maintenance in data warehousing environmentsã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc . 23rd vldb   n huyn   
multiple instances and symbolic variables in executable sequence charts r marelly   d harel   h kugler   
feelings from the back row : negotiating sensitive issues in large classes cp brooke new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?the bucky object relational benchmark   '' proceedings of the sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;   mj carey   dj dewitt   jf naughton   m asgarian   p   
a primer of lisrel : basic applications and programming for confirmatory factor analytic models 1989.0 bm byrne   
large-vocabulary data-centric dialogues bt technology journal   1999.0 dj attwater   sj whittaker   
querying video data r hjelsvold   rm modeling proceedings of the international conference on very large    
automaker aims for companywide collaborative standards computerworld   m ferranti   
a guide to data compression standards d salomon  2002.0 
effect of waste water treatment technology on the elimination of anionic surfactants waste management   fr schroeder   m schmitt   u reichensperger  1999.0 
a guided tour of relational databases and beyond m levene   g loizou 1999.0    
glopeq : a new computational tool for the phase and chemical equilibrium problem . 1994 c mcdonald   c floudas    
robust tests for equality of variances h levene 1960.0  contributions to probability and statistics    
the well-constructed webquest social studies and the young learner   s kennedy  2004.0 
comparing support vector machines with gaussian kernels to radial basis function classifiers f girosi   p niyogi   t poggio   v vapnik   
gpu-based trimming and tessellation of nurbs and t-spline surfaces 2005.0 m guthe   ã ? balã ¡ zs   r klein proceedings of acm siggraph 2005    
options for compliance with pollution control regulation : the relationship between abatement costs g mitchell    
intangible assets m schwartz  computerworld    
o subsystem for a multiprocessor d cathro   i an msc thesis   department of computer science   monash university      
dependency characterizations for acyclic database schemes g grahne   kj rã $ ihã $ 1984.0  proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;    
turbo-charging vertical mining of large databases . in 2000 acm sigmod intl p shenoy   jr haritsa   s sudarshan   g bhalotia   m conference on management of  
visualizing unsteady flows by adaptive streaklines a sanna   b montrucchio    
event-driven product development : collaboration and learning e brandt   
christian realism and political problems r niebuhr   1953.0 
accelerating motor adaptation by influencing neural computations jl emken   dj reinkensmeyer    
keeping up with product cycles k gale  computerworld    
flair images of brain diseases f segawa   j kishibayashi   k kamada   n sunohara   m  no to shinkei   1994.0 
semantic interoperability in global information systems : a brief introduction to the research and acm sigmod record . special section on semantic & hellip ;   a ouksel   a sheth   
the role of smears   cultures   and antibiotic sensitivity testing in the management of suspected s mcleod   a kolahdouz-isfahani   k rostamian  journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
modelling of local climate for prediction of road slipperiness j bogren   t gustavsson physical geography    
andj . f. naughton . the oo7 benchmark proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   mj carey   dj dewitt   
clinical effects of sodium ozagrel and urokinase in patients with acute cerebral infarction in the h itoh   k yamatani   n oshida   m shioi   m takaba   h no to shinkei     1998.0 
an approximation algorithm for a file-allocation problem in a hierarchical distributed system k lam   ct yu   
strategic information systems planning : a review s pant   c hsu   
argumentation and decision making : a position paper 1996.0 s parsons   j fox lecture notes in computer science    
timemine ( demonstration session ) : visualizing automatically constructed timelines proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 r swan   j allan   
a brief survey of web data extraction tools ahf laender   ba ribeiro-neto   js teixeira sigmod record     2002.0 
adaptive set intersections   unions   and differences ed demaine   a lopez-ortiz   ji munro   
formalization and verification of event-driven process chains wmp van der aalst   
performance evaluation of safety applications over dsrc vehicular ad hoc networks j yin   t elbatt   g yeung   b ryu   s habermas   h   
mining for purity dependencies in databases d simovici   d cristofor   l cristofor   
self-synchronizing variable-length codes for image transmission wm lam   ar reibman    
behavioral correlates of olfactory stimulation in non-affected brothers of schizophrenia patients f schneider   u habel   m klein   i toni   k zilles   p    
experiments with a network design algorithm using-approximate linear programs 1996.0 d bienstock submitted for publication    
scale frames and counter-scale frames : constructing the problem of environmental injustice he kurtz political geography     2003.0 
an authoruatron mechamsm for a relatlonai database system acm transactions on database systems ( sept. . p gnfflths   b wade   
a prospective blinded study on emergency pain assessment and therapy 1995.0 j ducharme   c barber journal of emergency medicine    
approximating a point process by a renewal process : the view through a queue   an indirect approach w whitt  management science   1981.0 
84 helmbold   d. and luckham   dc debugging ada ta ~ kin9 programs l helmbold technical report 84-262   stanford university   july   1984 .    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?recent results on nonlinear filtering : new class of finite dimensional filters   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in sst yau proc . 29th conf . decision    
houben   gj   and wu   h. aham : a dexter-based reference model for adaptive hypermedia p de bra  proceedings of acm hypertext  
a memory-based approach to anti-spam filtering g sakkis    
userâ ?? s guide for npsol ( version 4.0 ) : a fortran package for linear programming 1986.0 pe gill   w murray   ma saunders   mh wright   
microarchitecture evaluation with floorplanning and interconnect pipelining a jagannathan   hh yang   k konigsfeld   d milliron     
the bucky object-relational benchmark ( experience paper ) mj carey   dj dewitt   jf naughton   m asgarian   p sigmod conference    
a resource class independent deadlock detection algorithm c beeri   r obermarck vldb    
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems y beverly   gm hector  technical report   stanford university stanford    
delivering high availability for inktomi search engines sigmod conference   1998.0 ea brewer   
on closed form solutions for pricing options with jumping volatility r tompkins   f hubalek  unpublished paper : technical university   vienna    
improvements of the different types of binary and real coded genetic algorithms preventing the o hrstka   a kucerova submitted for publication   2001.0 
semantics and in-context peer-to-peer information filtering and model calibration on the web workshop on semantic web technologies for searching and & hellip ;   am ouksel   
semantics-based time warp protocols hv leong   d agrawal    
strategic decision processes : comprehensiveness and performance in an industry with an unstable jw fredrickson   tr mitchell the academy of management journal     1984.0 
effect of resource contention on distributed database systems k lam   s hung information and software technology   1993.0    
implementation of web-based event-driven activity execution in capbased-ams pck hung   k karlapalem   
analysis of the clustering properties of hilbert space-filling curve   university of maryland at b moon   hv jagadish   c faloutsos   jh saltz md      
computer viruses : ways of reproduction in ms-dos . ej lemer   si shoutkov   av spesivtsev proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ;   1991.0    
evaluating weak memories with maya 1994.0 d agrawal   m choy   hv leong   ak singh   
sparsity structure and gaussian elimination is duff   am erisman   cw gear   jk reid acm signum newsletter   1988.0 
optimizing for parallelism and data locality k kennedy   ks mckinley proceedings of the 6th international conference on & hellip ;     1992.0 
face-to-face with peer-to-peer networking d clark   
a scalable soft spot analysis methodology for compound noise effects in nano-meter circuits c zhao   x bai   s dey    
the csne ' ! ` name mrver . m solomon   l landweber   d neuhengen computer networks    
pleistocene phylogeographic effects on avian populations and the speciation process jc avise   d walker proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0    
the complete desktop studio s oppenheimer   d miller   d rubin   g robair   j  electronic musician    
t-ng : delivering seamless parallel computing . computation structures group memo 371 d chiouâ ? ¦ mit laboratory for computer  
political claims analysis : integrating protest event and political discourse approaches r koopmans   p statham    
participation of area postrema in cardiovascular control in the dog kl barnes   cm ferrario   cl chernicky   kb brosnihan 1984.0    
an event/trigger mechanism to enforce complex consistency constraints in design databases kr dittrich   am kotz sigmod record   1986.0    
satisficing in surveys : initial evidence new directions for program evaluation   ja krosnick   s narayan   wr smith   
image processing on compressed data for large databases proc . of acm multimedia   a arman   a hsu   m chiu   
on shoring up persistent applications proc . of acm sigmod   m zwillingâ ? ¦   
spatial data mining : database primitives   algorithms and efficient dbms support m ester   a frommelt   hp kriegel   j sander data mining and knowledge discovery   2000.0    
combined lh and ecrh waves injection in ftu tokamak g granucciâ ? ¦  proc . 28th eps conf . on control . fusion and plasma phys . ( & hellip ;    
can europe 's governments manage identity ? p seltsikas 2005.0  bt technology journal    
a bayesian framework for modifications of probabilistic relational data d dey   s sarkar    
cover your assets t schumaker   2002.0 
multivariable curve interpolation j ferguson journal of the acm ( jacm )   1964.0 
incremental view maintenance in extended relational databases 1995.0 jv harrison information and software technology    
epa region 10 guidance for pacific northwest state and tribal temperature water quality standards usep agency seattle   washington . april      
keyword searching in databases using banks b. tech . project report   iit bombay   april   g bhalotia   
advanced data networkingâ ?? acronyms atm aesa bt technology journal   1998.0 
pattern   procedurality & pictures : factors affecting boolean query interface design for the web m chui  proc . acm  
evolution of reproductive systems in the genus silene c desfeux   s maurice   jp henry   b lejeune   ph proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
implications of pickup ion reflection at the quasi-perpendicular termination shock for the shock ja le roux   h fichtner   gp zank proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf.   salt lake city   1999.0 
some 0up-complete set cover problems wj masek  1978.0 
constructing difference in public spaces : race   class   and gender as interlocking systems s ruddick urban geography      
dialogues : a basis for constructing programming environments acm sigplan notices   1983   1983.0 
in-context peer-to-peer information filtering on the web a ouksel sigmod record     2003.0 
domino : databases for moving objects tracking owp sistla   bxjzs chamberlain    
factors affecting burrowing patterns of subterranean rodents ss romanach 2003.0    
text to hypertext : can clustering solve the problem in digital libraries rb kellogg   m subhas  proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   1996.0 
improving instruction-level parallelism by loop unrolling and dynamic memory jw davidson   s jinturakar proc . 28th annu . int . symp    
linear hashing : a new tool for le and table addressing proceedings of the international conference on very large w litwin   
incremental maintenance of multi-source views g moro   
the niue literacy experiment international journal of educational research   2001.0 p death   
variable structure control : a survey   ieee t-indust jy hung   w gao   jc hung 1993.0    
a simple rainfall simulator and trickle system for hydro-geomorphological experiments sh luk   ad abrahams   aj parsons  physical geography    
inducing partially-defined instances with evolutionary algorithms x llora   jm garrell   
using filtering agents to improve prediction quality in the grouplens research collaborative bm sarwar   ja konstan   a borchers   j herlocker   b    
an architecture to support context-aware applications ak dey   d salber   
the bucky object-relational benchmark m asgarian   mj carey   dj dewitt   j gehrke   jf proc . acm sigmod conf    
modelling and analyse of hybrid dynamic systems automatisierungstechnik ( at )   s engell   
elements of information theory tm cover   ja thomas    
surgery versus radiotherapy for muscle invasive bladder cancer cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 md shelley   j barber   t wilt   md mason   
personal life stories : a strategy for empowerment . 1994.0 lj mckinney   pg fry social studies and the young learner    
methoden der mathematischen physik . springer   berlin   1931 r courant   d hilbert vol .    
capbased-ams : a capability-based and event-driven activity management system pck hung   hp yeung   k karlapalem proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1996.0    
survey of virtual machine research rp goldberg ieee computer      
structural properties of complexity classes da russo  phd thesis   university of california at santa barbara   mar. .  
designer zinc finger proteins : tools for creating artificial dna-binding functional proteins . m dhanasekaran   s negi   y sugiura acc chem res   2006.0 
ibuprofen for alzheimerâ ?? s disease n tabet   h feldmand cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
workplace learning as a cultural technology n solomon new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0    
priority assignment in distributed real-time databases using optimistic concurrency control ky lam   vcs lee   sl hung   bcm kao   
neyman-pearson detection with distributed sensors   proc . 25th ieee conf . 1986.0 iy hoballah   pk varshney   
anisotropic diffusion of surface normals for feature preserving surface reconstruction t tasdizen   r whitaker   
reasoning about spatial relations in picture retrieval systems 20th international conference on very large data ap sistla   ct yu   r haddad   
comparing images using color coherence vectors [ a ] p greg   z ramin   m justin  proceedings of acm  
the virtual reference librarian : using desktop videoconferencing for distance reference 1996.0 ra pagell electronic library    
auditing multiple design projectsâ ?? an internet-based approach of design management hj wu   hw hsu    
1-800-hypertextâ ?? browsing hypertext with a telephone m wynblatt   s goose   h mollenhauer  proc . of acm hypertext    
ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome : imperatives for the emergency physician-prevention and treatment a rutkowski   i dubinsky journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
secrets of the bosphorus h morgenthau  2001.0 
risk sharing in a stochastic overlapping generations model h bohn 1998.0    
dynamic query-based debugging r lenceivicius   u holzle   ak singh  technical report   university of california   santa barbara   ca    
basic timestamp   multiversion timestamp and two phase locking wk lrn   j nolte proc 9th vldb ( florence   ott    
the globalization of environmental management standards : barriers and incentives in europe and in santa barbara   ca : university of california at santa barbara & hellip ;   ma delmas  2001.0 
the spheresearch engine for unified ranked retrieval of heterogeneous xml and web documents 2005.0 j graupmann   r schenkel   g weikum 31st international conference on very large databases ( vldb & hellip ;    
incremental cluster for mining in a data warehousing environment m ester   h kriegel   j sander   m wimmer   x xu  proc . of 24 thintâ ?? l conf . of vldb    
pieges repulsifs cr acad . sci p tarres 1999.0    
of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil [ z ] jc michael   jd david   1996.0 
a theoretical study of the yaw/roll motions of a multiple steering articulated vehicle proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   dh wu  2001.0 
deadlock freedom 1982.0 hf korth acm transactions on database systems    
a displacement approach to the analysis for seismically induced torsion in buildings procs . of the australian earthquake engineering society & hellip ;   e lumantarna   ntk lam   jl wilson   
weed control in liberty link corn . 1996 to 1999 b bean   m rowland    
scheraga . ha ( 2000 ) m narayan   e welker   wj wedemeyer acc . chem .  
a proposal for a formal model of objects 1989.0 y wand acm press frontier series    
semantic manifold learning for image retrieval yy lin   tl liu   ht chen proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
effects of altered responsibility   cognitive set   and modeling on physical aggression and e diener   j dineen   k endresen   al beaman   sc journal of personality and social psychology     1975.0 
metrical structure in a tone language : the foot in slave ( athapaskan ) k rice proceedings of the 23rd annual regional meeting of chicago & hellip ;      
elsevier health sciences v querciali   pwmp supplies   
ptranâ ?? the ibm parallel translation system v sarkar acm press frontier series   1991.0    
the salutogenic model and the use of the sense of coherence scale in nursing researchâ ?? a a langius   h bjã ¶ rvell  vã ¥ rd i norden    
parametric curve fitting for feedback-driven query result-size estimation a konig   gwc histograms proc . 25th vldb    
leslie carr and wendy hall ( 2003 ) '' decentering the dancing text : from dance intertext to hypertext t miles-board   jl deveril proc . of acm conference on  
an investigation of the performance of various dynamic scheduling tecniques y patt   m butler proceedings of the 25 thinternational symposium and workshop & hellip ;      
parallel r-trees proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   1992.0 i kamel   c faloutsos   
inside microsoft windows 2000   3âª edi da solomon   me russinovich  2000.0 
infanticide risk and the evolution of male-female association in primates cp van schaik   pm kappeler proceedings : biological sciences   1997.0 
component-based   user-constructed   multiple-view visualization c north   b shneiderman    
the extrapyramidal system fa mettler   hw ades   e lipman   ea culler  an experimental demonstration of function . arch . neural . & hellip ;    
linear hashing : a new tool for file and table addressing vldb   1980.0 w litwin   
semantic overlay networks a crespo   h garcia-molina submitted for publication   2002.0    
auditing multiple design projects-an internet-based approach management hj wu   hw hsu  the 2000 ieee international conference on management of  
rizatriptan for acute migraine ( cochrane review ) ad oldman   la smith   hj mcquay   ra moore cochrane database syst rev     2001.0 
anti-multipath coded modulation m alles   h leib submitted for    
two-level models of hypertext j mayfield lecture notes in computer science   1997.0    
performance evaluation of an event-driven simulation machine f hirose  proc . of 29th design automation conference    
developmental differences in acute nigrostriatal and mesocorticolimbic system response to mh teicher   ni barber   ha gelbard   al gallitano  neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
macaw : a medium access protocol for indoor wireless lans   '' proc . acm v bharghavan   a demers   s shenker   l zhang   
student life and development jm javinar new directions for higher education     2000.0 
a pattern-based object calculus the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 n kamel   p wu   syw su   
students behaving badly in large classes e carbone new directions for teaching and learning     1999.0 
the humphrey institute : designing institutions of governance new directions for higher education   2000.0 je brandl   ge schuh   
link-based and content-based evidential information retrieval in a belief network model i silva   b ribeiro-neto   pp calado   es moura   n proceedings of the 23rd annual acm sigir conference on & hellip ;      
report of analysis   reference material 8418 wheat gluten . national institute of standards and md   m ihnat   
dolphin : integrated meeting support across liveboards   local and remote desktop environments 1994.0 na streitz   j geiã?ler   jm haake   j hol proceedings of the acm    
trust and reciprocity : an international experiment n buchan   rta croson   ej johnson unpublished manuscript   2002.0    
urgency of ethical standards intensifies in computer community mc mcfarland   
janet . animal migration . chicago : childrenâ ?? s press   1989 i mcdonnell   
socio-economics : what is its place in law practice ? 1997.0 r ashford wisconsin law review    
s   1951 rs leigh phil . mag      
deviations from vegardâ ?? s law j friedel phil . mag    
regionalism in the asia pacific : is geography destiny ? j poon area     2001.0 
embedding a data manipulation language in a genera ) purpose programming language proc . acm sigplan sigmod conf . on data abstrac-tions   salt & hellip ;   e allman   g held   m stonebraker   
political empowerment   local-central state relations   and geographically shifting political political geography   1994.0 b miller   
enactement and emergence in the dramaturgy of artificial life r ascott proceedings of the sixth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0    
the usc * pack pc programs for planning   monitoring   and adjusting drug dosage regimens rw jelliffe   dz d'argenio   a schumitzky   l hu   m proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association & hellip ;      
completion of a set of rules modulo a set of equations jp jouannaud   h kirchner  proceedings of the 11th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0 
the deadlock problem : an overview ss isloor   ta marsland    
a simple lemma on iterative sequences in hilbert space and convergence rates for projection pursuit lk jones  technical report 16   university of lowell   lowell   massachusetts  
canonical abstraction for outerjoin optimization proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   j rao   h pirahesh   c zuzarte  2004.0 
correlating events for monitoring business processes j schiefer   c mcgregor   
temperature and life h precht   1973.0 
product development in japan : evolution vs. revolution l young electronic business    
the r-tree : anef cientandrobust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger proc . of the acm sigmod conf      
single dose paracetamol ( acetaminophen )   with and without codeine   for postoperative pain cochrane database syst rev   a moore   s collins   d carroll   h mcquay   j edwards  2000.0 
thresholding estimators for inverse problems and deconvolutions j kalifa   sg mallat  unpublished manuscript    
lichen communities b mccune   j dey   j peck   k heiman   s will-wolf & hellip ; loblolly/shortleaf pine demonstration final report . us & hellip ;    
negation vs. inequation and typing for linguistic applications b carpenter   g penn  unpublished manuscript    
lh * s : a high-availability and high-security scalable distributed data structure w litwin   ma neimat    
life tasks   self-concept ideals   and cognitive strategies in a life transition journal of personality and social psychology   n cantor   jk norem   pm niedenthal   ca langston   am  1987.0 
some further analysis of the essential blocking recurrence jt robinson sigmod record   1991.0    
adaptive navigation in real autonomous agents d lambrinos   1995.0 
querying multi-dimensional data indexed using the hilbert space-filling curve jk lawder sigmod record   2001.0 
a functional framework for web-based information visualisation systems m berder   r klein   a disch   a ebert  ieee transactions on visualization and computer graphics    
comparing dos and os/2 file systems r duncan  pc magazine    
face identification by fitting a 3d morphable model using linear shape and texture error functions lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 s romdhani   v blanz   t vetter   
approximating total flow time with preemption s leonardi   d raz  proc . of the 29th annual acm symposium on theory of  
emmerce yourself m brandel   a alper   
indexing mobile objects using dual transformations g kollios   d papadopoulos   d gunopulos   vj tsotras the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;     2005.0 
inside microsoft windows 2000   chapter 12 : file systems da solomon   me russinovich   2000.0 
student involvement : active learning in classes p frederick  new directions for teaching and  
unraveling punitive damages : current data and further inquiry wisconsin law review   ml rustad  1998.0 
dj 1996 . of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil mj carey   t dewit    
effect of aluminum sulfate additions to poultry litter on phosphorus runoff pa moore jr   tc daniel   dr edwards   br shreve   tj demonstration of nutrient management for poultry litter & hellip ;      
start-ng : delivering seamless parallel computing 1995.0 d chiou   bs ang   r greiner lecture notes in computer science    
partial order reductions preserving simulations w penczek submitted for publication   1999.0    
performance analysis of optical cdma with prime codes gc yang   wc kwong  1995.0 
incoherent optical correlators ma monahan   k bromley   rp bocker  ieee   proceedings   1977.0 
virtual black holes at linear colliders y uehara   
appeared inâ ?? the outer edges of dwarf irregular galaxiesâ ?? m pohlen   rj dettmar   j beckman   m balcells lowell workshop   on-line proceedings   eds . d. hunter & s. & hellip ;      
evaluation of various algorithms and display concepts for weather forecasting i adrianto   tm smith   ka scharfenberg   t trafalis   
analytic traffic models of cdma cellular networks d everitt proc . int . teletraffic  
moral identity and the expanding circle of moral regard toward out-groups a reed   kf aquino  journal of personality and social psychology   2003.0 
an architecture for wide-area multicast routing c lui   l wei   s deering   d farinacci   v jacobson proceedings of acm sigcomm    
transformation methods for nonpianar process simulation k wimmer   i bauer   s halamna   g hobler   s proceedings sisdep . ( zurich   switzerland )      
the007 benchmark 1993 acm sigmod international conference on management of m carey   d dewitt   j naughton   
strategic choices in is infrastructure : corporate standards versus `` best of breed '' systems r dewan   a seidmann   s sundaresan   
the bucky object-relational benchmark dj dewitt   m carey   j naughton   m asgarian   j   1997.0 
modelling and querying video data r hjelsvold   r midtstraum  vldb   1994.0 
quantum walks on the hypercube c moore   a russell lecture notes in computer science   2002.0    
â ?? the computer revolutionâ ??   â ?? computer scienceâ ??   and â ?? software engineeringâ ?? have n't a kay proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0    
a whole blood fk 506 assay for the imx analyzer fc grenier   j luczkiw   m bergmann   s lunetta   m  transplant proc   1991.0 
debugging humanity r gerr  pc magazine    
interventions for treating trichomoniasis in women f forna   am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
automatic hypertext linking j allan proc . acm hypertextâ ?? 96 conf      
teaching about the former soviet union : activities and resources . g decoker social studies and the young learner   1993.0    
compiler-directed dynamic frequency and voltage scheduling ch hsu   u kremer   m hsiao lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
self-evaluation effects of interpersonal versus intergroup social comparison journal of personality and social psychology   mb brewer   jg weber  1994.0 
fuzzy smoothing of hmm parameters in speech recognition m koo   ck un  electronic letters   1990.0 
stopped random walks : limit theorems and applications 1988.0 a gut   
querying the uncertain position of moving objects ap sistla   o wolfson   s chamberlain   s dao lecture notes in computer science     1998.0 
creating generative models from range images r ramamoorthi   j arvo   
implementation of two semantic query optimization techniques in db2 universal databaseâ ''   atkinson international conference on very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 99 q cheng   j gryz   f koo   tyc leung   l liu   x qian     
towards e ective and e cient free space management ml mcauliffe   mj carey   mh solomon  proc . of the acm sigmod   seiten    
wish you were here : picture postcard explorations in children 's books 1997.0 ld labbo   sl field social studies and the young learner    
further investigations of reading techniques for object-oriented design inspection information and software technology   2003.0 g sabaliauskaite   f matsukawa   s kusumoto   k inoue   
baring it all to software : the raw machine e waingold   m taylor   v sarkar   w lee   v lee   j   
turbo-charging vertical mining of large databases p shenoy   jr haritsa   s sudarshan   g bhalotia   m sigmod conference   2000.0    
indexing spatio-temporal archives m hadjieleftheriou   g kollios   vj tsotras   d  vldb journal   2005.0 
thermophilic microorganisms and life at high temperatures td brock  1978.0 
higher recursion theory ge sacks   1990.0 
detection of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 ( hiv-1 ) antibody by western blotting and hiv-1 dna jb jackson   js parsons   ls nichols   n knoble   s   
abstraction methods in hypertext pk garg proceedings of acm  
a linear format for resolution dw loveland proceedings of the iria symposium on automatic demonstration    
an ethernet performance simulator for undergraduate networking 1993.0 b lewis barnett iii acm sigcse bulletin    
an efficient approach for approximating multi-dimensional range queries and nearest neighbor c domeniconi   d gunopulos   
programming by demonstration in the desktop metaphor watch what i do : programming by d halbert   
picture databases : comming into focus r raskin   md stone pc magazine   august    
a study of student attitudes towards basic standards testing 1999.0 jm rivard   
hybrid learning algorithm for gaussian potential function networks cl chen    
genetic conflicts in genomic imprinting proceedings : biological sciences   a burt   r trivers  1998.0 
reasoning about intended actions c baral   m gelfond   
selectivity estimators for multidimensional range queries over real attributes d gunopulos   g kollios   vj tsotras   c domeniconi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;     2005.0 
a linear-time algorithm for a special case of disjoint set union hn gabow   re tarjan proceedings of the fifteenth annual acm symposium on theory & hellip ;     1983.0 
rage in the workplace computerworld   m solomon   
viki : spatial hypertext supporting emergent structure   to appear in c marshall   f shipman   j coombs  proc . acm echtâ ?? 94    
event-driven architecture poised for wide adoption c sliwa  computerworld    
social differentiation in leisure activity choices : an unfinished experiment s ferge  see szalai    
prequential probability theory vg vovk unpublished manuscript      
computing joins of relations . l gotleib proc . acm-sigmod conf . manage . of data   san jose   calif.   & hellip ;      
yu . i. matyunin   and tv smelova   â ?? induction melting in a cold crucible for mobilizing plutonium - vv kushnikov at .    
report on the dagstuhl seminar â ?? data quality on the webâ ?? m gertz   g saake   k sattler sigmod record   2004.0 
an integrated approach to communications switching dj mcauliffe proc . int &#39; l comm . conf    
an infrastructure for application level active networking a ghosh   m fry   g maclarty computer networks   2001.0    
modelling of lakes entrance mj mcmaster   dg provis   rb grayson   a mccowan    
hu jet al. buffered steiner tree for difficult instances proc . acm ispd   cj alpert   m hrkic   
integrated ferroelect r macquart   bj kennedy   ba hunter   cj howard   y   2002.0 
examination of fission frag m ent tracks with an electron microscope 1959.0 ech silk   rs barnes   
cellular mechanisms of risk and transformation lh augenlicht   m bordonaro   bg heerdt   j 1999.0  annals-new york academy of sciences    
one hundred days in an activity-centric collaboration environment proc . acm sigchi   vienna   austria   m muller   w geyer   b brownholtz   e wilcox   dr   
the fundamentals of h. 324 desktop videoconferencing m herman electronic design      
a study of response time under various deadlock strategies sw sherman   jh howard   jc browne proc . 1974 acm natl.    
infrared antennas coupled to lithographic fresnel zone plate lenses fj gonzã ¡ lez   j alda   b ilic   gd boreman   
negation and affirmation in jacques prevert 's word games ah greet wisconsin studies in contemporary literature     1966.0 
syfpeithi : database for mhc ligands and peptide motifs 1999.0 hg rammensee   j bachmann   npn emmerich   oa bachor   immunogenetics    
evolution of groupware for business applications : a database perspective on lotus domino/notes c mohan   r barber   s watts   a somani   m proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2000.0 
variability of anthropometric traits in australian aboriginals and adjacent popuiations pa parsons   ng white see ref      
some inequalities between shannon entropy and kolmogorov   chaitin   and extension complexities sk leung-yan-cheong   tm cover  technical report 16   dept. of statistics   stanford university    
a dataflow/von neumann hybrid ar-chitecture a robert technical report tr-4l8   massachusetts institute of technology    
coping with complexity in automated reasoning about database systems t sheard   dw stemple  vldb    
picture processing and digital filtering ts huang    
pharmacokinetics of dr-3355   a new quinolone   in healthy volunteers proc 28th icaac   m nakashima   t uematsu   m kanamaru   o okazaki   s   
mouse hepatitis virus strain jhm infects a human hepatocellular carcinoma cell line pj koetters   l hassanieh   sa stohlman   t gallagher  virology-new york -   1999.0 
immunosuppressive effects of the morpholinoethyl ester of mycophenolic acid ( rs-61443 ) in rat and transplant re morris   j wang   jr blum   t flavin   mp murphy     
phase margin of linear time invariant systems from routh array v krishnamurthi   n al-awad   
presheaf models of constructive set theories n gambino 2004.0  submitted for publication    
evolution in the stipeae : identification and relationships of its monophyletic taxa see ref   me barkworth   j everett   
conditional maximum likelihood estimation of nã $ ä ± ve bayes probability models c chelba   a acero  technical report to appear   microsoft research   redmond   wa    
identifying factors influencing engineering student retention through a longitudinal and cross - proc . amer . soc . eng . ed.   montreal   canada   june   t anderson   r carter   m ohland   b thorndyke   g   
fast structure search for gaussian mixture models submitted to knowledge discovery and data mining   p sand   aw moore   
streblonema ( phaeophyceae ) infection in the frond of cultivated undaria ( phaeophyceae ) t yoshida   k akiyama  proc . int . seaweed symp    
assessing the impact of electronic comerce on business performance : a simulation experiment gm giaglis   rj paul   gi doukidis   
delayed toxidromes1 gm bosse   nj matyunas journal of emergency medicine   1999.0    
crm : making all the pieces fit d smedley computerworld    
familial true hermaphroditism : paternal and maternal transmission of true hermaphroditism ( 46   xx ) u kuhnle   hp schwarz   u lã ¶ hrs   s stengel - human genetics   1993.0    
integrity checking in deductive databases r kowalsky   f sadri   p soper proc . of the 13th vldb   brighton    
phylogeny of wolbachia in filarial nematodes c bandi   tjc anderson   c genchi   ml blaxter 1998.0  proceedings : biological sciences    
emancipating instances from the tyranny of classes in information modeling acm transactions on database systems   j parsons   y wand  2000.0 
proactively searching the web : can we agree on whatâ ?? s relevant demo and poster proceedings of acm hypertext   2002.0 j budzik   m ruberry   h stein   kj hammond   
motion based retrieval of dynamic objects in videos 2004.0 cb liu   n ahuja proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
statistical power analysis for behavioral sciences ( rev. ed . ) academic press j cohen san diego   ca      
multigranularity locking in multiple job classes transaction processing system h kong 1995.0  sigmod record    
carey   and al. shoring up persistent applications proc . acm sigmod symp . on the management of data   sb davidson   as koskym   
race and evolutionary theory : differences in models of self-perceived physical attractiveness for tj wade unpublished manuscript      
mining conserved xml query paths for dynamic-conscious caching q zhao   ss bhowmick proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;     2005.0 
equipment   utilities   and improvements s vegetation prior    
age-related reactive oxygen damage   caspase activation and nuclear condensation in hippocampal gj brewer   jr torricelli   a lim submitted for publication      
cover story : realidade virtual l von schweber   e von schweber  pc magazine brasil    
transforming e-knowledge   a revolution in the sharing of knowledge   ( 2003 ) d norris   j mason   p lefrere    
a case study for redundant arrays of inexpensive disks proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf   da patterson   ga gibson   rh katz   
parallel program debugging with on-the-y anomaly detection r hood   k kennedy   j mellor-crummey proceedings of supercomputing      
the bucky object-relational benchmark mj carey sigmod rec     1997.0 
xml-based flexible visualisation of networks : visual browser z neverilova   p sojka   2005.0 
a novel variance estimator for turbo-code decoding mc reed   j asenstorfer   
reconstruction and representation of 3d objects with radial basis functions jcc rkb   jb cherrie   tj mitchell   wr fright   bc mc  proceedings of acm siggraph 2001    
wheelbase filtering and automobile suspension tuning for minimizing motions in pitch proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2002.0 rs sharp   
applying the standards : continuity and change . teacher 's resources . ph porter  social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
nonlinearity in fiber transmission rh stolen 1980.0    
on the first-order expressibility of recursive queries proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1989.0 ss cosmadakis   
pryce   and hall b bleaney   pm llewellyn phil . mag    
le x and related structures as adhesion molecules si hakomori the histochemical journal   1992.0    
linear structural relationships with latent variables : the lisrel model geography   m cadwallader  1971.0 
from desktop to data centreâ ?? addressing the oss challenges in the delivery of network-centric ict bt technology journal   2005.0 jp wittgreffe   mp dames   
structure and orientation of molecules chemisorbed on alumina : a tunneling spectroscopy study 1978.0 jt hall ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.    
improving health professionals ' management and the organisation of care for overweight and obese cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 el harvey   a glenny   sf kirk   cd summerbell   
reasoning about functional dependencies generalized for semantic data models . to appear ge weddell acm transactions on database systems    
on the crispations of a fluid resting upon a vibrating support l rayleigh phil . mag      
differential roles of gata-1 and gata-2 in growth and differentiation of mast cells h harigae   s takahashi   n suwabe   h ohtsu   l gu   z genes to cells   1998.0 
the effects of a gradient of nutrient additions on levels of primary producers and consumers in 1998.0 sk roll   
chapter 2 : models   modelling   and the design of the study s ransdell   c hawkins   r adams international journal of educational research    
the brain and consciousness : sources of information for understanding adult learning lh hill new directions for adult and continuing education     2001.0 
finding text in images v wu   r manmatha   em riseman   
egocentric biases in availability and attribution m ross   f sicoly journal of personality and social psychology     1979.0 
using metrics to manage software projects ef weller   
impact of climate changes on the security of the water supply of the campaspe system proceedings of 25 thhydrology and water resources symposium   qj wang   rj nathan   rj moran   b james   
technology   consortia   and the relationship revolution in education 1999.0 gc godbey   gj richter new directions for higher education    
methods for tamper detection in digital images j fridrich    
deadlock removal using partial rollback in database systems ds fussell   zm kedem   a silberschatz    
sliding-block codes for two-track magnetic recording channels proc . 28th annual conf . inform . sciences and systems   & hellip ;   e soljanin   cn georghiades   
mgs : a multigrained shared memory system   '' d yeung   j kubiatowicz   a agarwal proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on computer & hellip ;    
incremental generalization for mining in a data warehousing environment m ester   r wittmann   
knowledge-based geological visualisation using avs im brown   mj herbert   
improving register allocation for subscripted variables d callahan   s carr   k kennedy   
terminating the trellis of turbo codes in the same state 1995.0 sa barbulescu   ss pietrobon   
results of a beam dump experiment at the cern sps neutrino facility aip conference proceedings   1978.0 t hansl   m holder   j knobloch   j may   hp paar   p   
scalable   distributed data structures for internet service construction sd gribble   ea brewer   jm hellerstein   de culler    
contours of constructive hypertexts 1993.0 m bernstein   m joyce   d levine proceedings of the acm conference on hypertext    
a functional meta-structure for hypertext models and systems r furuta   pd stotts    
scientific olap for the biotech domain 2001.0 n huyn proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
empowering political struggle : spaces and scales of resistance la staeheli political geography     1994.0 
effect of brief training on sex-related differences in visual-spatial skill a stericker   s levesconte journal of personality and social psychology   1982.0    
understan ding plant closures : the uk brewing industry hd watts  geography    
boundary structure and curvature of convex bodies r schneider contributions to geometry      
numerically stable direct least squares fitting of ellipses r halir   j flusser proc .  
peripheral participants in mediated communication a monk   l watts   
windows 200 disk io performance l chung   b worthington   r horst   j gray  microsoft technical report   ms-tr-2000-55   june  
mash1 promotes neuronal differentiation in the retina k tomita   s nakanishi   f guillemot   r kageyama genes to cells   1996.0    
reasoning about the environment : prototypical cases and their educational implications m ranney   s adams   m siegel   s brem & hellip ; conference on environmental education . zurich   switzerland    
graf   and k. wang   speech assisted video processing : interpolation and lowâ bitrate coding hp chen  proc . 28th asilomar conference   pacific grove   october    
efficient factorization of linear ode 's f schwarz    
dynamic storage allocation : a survey and critical review pr wilson   ms johnstone   m neely   d boles lecture notes in computer science     1995.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil   '' mj carey   dj dewitt  & hellip ; conferenceonverylargedatabases   bombay   india   september    
optical wdma network design and function placement v yau computer networks   1999.0 
integration fever computerworld   m kennedy   
capbased-ams - a framework for capability-based and event-driven activity management system k karlapalem   hp yeung   pck hung   
optional properties versus subtyping in conceptual modeling : a theory and empirical test f bodart   r weber    
mems-based thermal management of electronics using spray impingement jy murthy   ch amon   k gabriel   p kumta   sc yao proc . int . electronic packaging    
magic : manual and gaze input cascaded 1999.0 s zhai   c morimoto   s ihde   
mr. lowell and mr. edwards wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   de wiebe  1962.0 
the magicboard f bã © rard   1999.0 
visualizing the pulse of a classroom proceedings of acm multimedia 2003   2003.0 m chen   
an unfinished symphony mp3 market waits in the wings while the recording industry whistles in the b roberts electronic business     2001.0 
the domino project data management â ?? 90 conference   egham   uk   ad law   ms sloman   jd moffett   
using children 's literature to teach about the american revolution . jj drake   fd drake 1990.0  social studies and the young learner    
visualisation interactive dâ ?? information m hascoã `` t   m beaudouin-lafon    
the effect of skewed data access on buffer hits and data contention an a data sharing environment 1990.0 a dan   dm dias   ps yu vldb    
on selfish routing in internet-like environments l qiu   yr yang   y zhang   s shenker   
protecting the pipe from malicious peers submitted for b cooper   m bawa   n daswani   h garcia-molina   
modelling information preserving information databases : consequences of the concept of timeâ '' proc . 9th int . conf . on vldb   florence   italie   mr klopproge   pc lockeman   
helping learners take responsibility for self-directed activities r hiemstra 1994.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
an active pulse transmission line simulating nerve axon j nagumo   j arimoto   s yoshizawa   1962.0 
beyond location : hypertext workspaces and non-linear views ms frank   cm catherine   l mark proc . acm    
on-board conversion of alcohols to ethers for fumigation in compression ignition engines proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2003.0 h armbruster   s stucki   e olsson   s gjirja   
global cost functions for test generation m abramovici   dt miller   r henning   
a performance study of workfile disk management for concurrent mergesorts in a multiprocessor 1995.0 kl wu   ps yu   jy chung   jz teng proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
compositing digital images [ c ] p thomas   d tom  proceedings d sic    
the r * tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles [ c ] n beckmen  proc of acm sig  
2â ?? 4   1988 m illinois    
compositing digital images t porter   t duff acm siggraph computer graphics   1984.0    
piecewise linear histograms for selectivity estimation x yu   a fu    
single dose oral celecoxib for postoperative pain j barden   je edwards   hj mcquay   ra moore 2003.0  cochrane database syst rev    
up and down mini-bucket : a scheme for approximating combinatorial optimization tasks j larrosa   k kask   r dechter  2001.0 
visualising action contracts in object-oriented modelling s kent   j gil iee proceedings software     1998.0 
algorithms for decoding turbo codes and ldpc codes j feldman   d karger   m wainright    
a method for visualizing the oscillations of the subgenual organ in the honeybee o kilpinen  learning and memory . proceedings of the 23rd goã?ttingen & hellip ;    
interventions for improving adherence to treatment in patients with high blood pressure in 2004.0 k schroeder   t fahey   s ebrahim cochrane database syst rev    
censura forensis m hewett    
dispersal patterns of maternal polar bears from the denning concentration on wrangel island gw garner   se belikov   ms stishov   vg barnes   sa  international conference on bear research and management    
the geopolitics of the police : foucault   disciplinary power and the tactics of the los angeles political geography   1996.0 s herbert   
iris murdoch 1967.0 f baldanza wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
new trends in probability and statistics   volume 2   vsp   utrecht   1992 f schweiger   e manstavicius   
life history correlates of responses to fisheries exploitation 1998.0 s jennings   jd reynolds   sc mills proceedings : biological sciences    
the det curve in assessment of detection task performance a martin   g doddington   t kamm   m ordowski   m   
capbased-ams : a capability-based and event-driven activity management system ( demonstrations ) pck hung   hp yeung   k karlapalem  proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
calculation of the parameters of the field of a cylindrical absrobing emitter in the direction of yb kurdyaev  at .  
comparing machine learning and knowledge discovery in databases : an application to knowledge y kodratoff   
application of growth and yield modelling as an indicator of sustainable forest management pr van gardingen   pd phillips & hellip ; conference on data management and modelling using remote & hellip ;      
expanding possibilitiesâ ?? from wireless web access to voice recording to convergence with cell b brown   m brown pc magazine    
inter-operator oss interface for delivering pan-european atm vp service bt technology journal   dw ranasinghe   cc smith   cb hatch   sc beaumont   p  1999.0 
rising sun : imode and the wireless internet 2003.0 sj barnes   sl huff communications-acm    
population growth and political centralization de dumond see bronson      
amdb : an access method debugging toolkit proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;   m kornacker   m shah   jm hellerstein   
life history characteristics of commercially important groundfish species off california   oregon and ek pikitch  fisheries research institute . seattle   washington . fri-8907    
differential games r issacs 1967.0    
the response of a resonant system to a gliding tone nf barber   f ursell phil . mag    
dcom   activex and corba must live together application development trends   1997.0 m dolgicer   p fischer   
automatically identifying reusable components in object-oriented legacy code lh etzkorn   cg davis  ieee computer    
influencing database language standards sigmod record   l gallagher  1994.0 
the interpretation ofcultures c geertz  new york : basicbooks    
the role of simulation in developing game playing strategies rp jones   dj thuente    
mediating interface between hypertext and structured documents k hayashi   a sekijima    
relational learning with statistical predicate invention : better models for hypertext m craven   s slattery machine learning     2001.0 
a study of the size-cost-achievement relationships in the reorganized school districts of wisconsin . dh bragg  1960.0 
the architecture of the link quality source routing protocol r draves   j padhye   b zill    
apocrypha : making p2p overlays network-aware p ganesan   q sun   h garcia-molina    
validation of subgradient optimization m held   p wolfe   hp crowder  mathematical programming   1974.0 
data modelling in the large m bertram  sigmod record   1994.0 
peer-to-peer architecture case study : gnutella network m ripeanu   
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems 27 thinternational conference on very large data bases   byh garcia-molina   
contracting in the days of ebusiness w huemmer   w lehner   h wedekind 2002.0  sigmod record    
bdomino : databases for moving objects tracking ( demo )   ^ in proceedings of the acm international o wolfson   ap sistla   b xu   j zhou   s chamberlain  1999.0 
approximating feedback vertex set for undirected graphs within ratio 2 v bafna   p berman   t fujito unpublished manuscript      
an ontological analysis of use case modeling grammar 2005.0 g irwin   d turk journal of the association for information systems    
contracting for high school and beyond pa sebring   cd carroll new directions for program evaluation   1987.0    
balkan ( endemic ) nephropathy and a toxin-producing strain of â ?? penicillium verrucosumâ ?? var â ?? jm barnes   pkc austwick   rl carter   fv flynn   gc lancet i     1977.0 
frustrated networking pros say efforts not appreciated b wallace computerworld    
hegemony   popular culture and geopolitics : the reader 's digest and the construction of danger jp sharp  political geography    
automatic recording apparatus for use in the chromatography of amino acids . s moore   dh spackman   wh stein fed proc   1958.0    
managing uncertainty in moving objects databases o wolfson  acm transactions on database systems ( tods )    
status of worldwide opioid availability de joranson university of    
random walks and diffusion on fractals mt barlow proc . int . congress math . kyoto      
linear hashing for distributed files w litwin   ma neimat   d schneider  acm-sigmod international conference on management of data    
linear hashing : a new tool for le and table addressing . montreal   canada   1980 w litwin  proc . of  
aa kozarâ ??   â ?? prospects for transmutation elimination of 237 np and 241 am during irradiation by as nikiforov   ma zakharov at .    
wch jr. aquanet : a hypertext tool to hold your knowledge in place proc . acm cc marshall   fg halasz   ra rogers   
the picture r am ayana b shrinivasrao   1916.0 
p. ( 1987 ) student involvement : active learning in classes ick freder new directions for teaching and  
the exponential convergence of posterior probabilities with implications for bayes estimators of unpublished manuscript   a barron   
the geopolitics of peacemaking in israel-palestine d newman political geography   2002.0 
dynamic and order preserving data partitioning for database machines ea ozkarahan   am ouksel vldb      
a database perspective on lotus domino/notes c mohan sigmod conference   1999.0    
tutorial on information visualisation m chalmers vldb conference      
b.   using pathchar to estimate internet link characteristics proc . of acm a downey   
computergestutzte segmentierung des frakturierten acetabulums in ct-aufnahmen mit hilfe aktiver j putzer   m teistler   j dormeierâ ? ¦  procs bvm    
random walks with reinforcement d coppersmith   p diaconis unpublished manuscript    
brief vom 19.1 . 1935 an jh van den hoop cg jung briefe i    
a snapshot differential refresh algorithm b lindsay   lm haas   c mohan   h pirahesh   
h.   stonebraker   m.   ullman   j.   1998   â ?? the asilomar report on database researchâ ?? p bernstein   m brodie   s ceri   d dewitt   m sigmod  
the transportation revolution gr taylor new york : rinehart      
hemispheric disconnection : callosotomy and hemispherotomy jg villemure   o vernet   o delalande advances and technical standards in neurosurgery     2000.0 
the common sense representation of illness danger h leventhal   d meyer   d nerenz  contributions to medical psychology   1980.0 
robot navigation under approximate self-localisation a saffiotti   
modifications to sparc for the alewife multiprocessor â ??   alewife systems memo # 3 1990.0 j kubiatowicz   
integral solutions of linear systems me flahive proc . int . number  
the relationship between distributive recursion and successive linear programming in refining l lasdon   b joffe npra computer conference seattle   washington    
sequential operations in digital picture processing jl pfaltz journal of the acm ( jacm )   1966.0    
high-level design validation and test 1998.0 s dey   j abraham   y zorian proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;    
domino : databases for moving objects tracking . sigmod 1999 o wolfson   ap sistla   b xu   j zhou   s chamberlain proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;      
developing institutional teams . jp gallagher  new directions for higher education   1994.0 
minimizing expected energy in real-time embedded systems r xu   d mossã ©   r melhem 2005.0  proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
cone trees : animated 3d visualizations of hierarchical information sk card   jd mackinlay   gg robertson  proc . acm  
chemische reaktionstechnikâ ?? lehrbuch der technischen chemie m baerns   h hofmann   a renken auflage   band  
implementation of logical languages for databases j ullman acm trans . database syst    
methods of mathematical physics ( interscience   new york   1953 ) r courant   d hilbert vol .    
some factors influencing the injuries sustained by child pedestrians struck by the front of cars sj ashton  proceedings of the 23rd stapp car crash conference   stapp   & hellip ;    
theoretical models of the altitude distribution of the concentration of electrons and various ion 1974.0 mn fatkullin   oa maltseva   ti zelenova geomagnetizm i aeronomiia    
case standards debate rages : sheer number of proposals hampers users   vendors   organizations n margolis   
swenson   jr   and tzichritzis   dc a unified approach to functional dependencies and relations pa bernstein proc . acm sigmod conf . on manage . of data   san jose   calif      
elimination of citrus pathogens in propagative budwood . i. budwood selection   indexing and cn roistacher proc . int . soc . citriculture    
testing embedded-core-based system chips y zorian   ej marinissen   s dey    
14â ?? 18 november 1993 . the fifth acm conference on hypertext proceedings acm siglink   s sigir acm press   seattle   washington    
a person-situation approach to altruistic behavior journal of personality and social psychology   d romer   cl gruder   t lizzadro   
a. da silva   c. redder   g. gasparriy   and l. rukhovets   1997 : maximum-likelihood estimation of d dee    
the role of isdn in data networking chw everrett   km blakey   lnc morgan  bt technology journal   1998.0 
piecewise smooth surface reconstruction h hugues   t derose   t duchampâ ? ¦  computer graphics proceedings   annual conference series   1994.0 
fatal vascular catastrophe in ehlers-danlos syndrome : a case report and review 1996.0 pj wimmer   ds howes   dp rumoro   m carbone journal of emergency medicine    
soot-a java optimization framework r vallee-rai   l hendren   v sundaresan   p lam   e proceedings of cascon    
visdb : a system for visualizing large databases   system demonstration da keim   hp kriegel proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   san jose   & hellip ;      
laying out and visualizing large trees using a hyperbolic space j lamping   r rao proceedings of the 7th annual acm symposium on user & hellip ;     1994.0 
microsoft windows programmierung fur experten d solomon 1999.0    
the minnesota family investment program : three-year follow-up findings on child and family outcomes la gennetian   c miller  2001.0 
microwave radiation of the earth 's surface in the presence of vegetation cover kp kirdiashev   aa chukhlantsev   am shutko radiotekhnika i elektronika     1979.0 
efficient simulation of system level models via bisimulation preserving transformations s sharad   sk shukla submitted for    
factorization of the popov function of a multivariable linear distributed parameter system in the l pandolfi   
architecture for a multimedia teleconferencing system la vi   jj garcia-luna-aceves   d moran   ej proc . acm sigcomw86 symposium   aug    
towards desktop personal travel agents 1998.0 dt ndumu   jc collis   h nwana bt technology journal    
calcium antagonists for aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage gj rinkel   vl feigin   a algra   m vermeulen   j van 2002.0  cochrane database syst rev    
least index resolution of degeneracy in linear complementarity problems & hellip ; operations research   stanford university   technical report   yy chang   
comparing caching techniques for multitasking real-time systems cs.rochester.edu   
improving availability bounds using the failure distance concept j carrasco procs . of the dcca4 int . conf.   janary      
developing and maintaining accelerated degree programs within traditional institutions wj husson   t kennedy new directions for adult and continuing education     2003.0 
extending logging for database snapshot refresh   int b kahler   o risnes  conf on vldb   brighton   september    
the affective consequences of social comparison : either direction has its ups and downs journal of personality and social psychology   bp buunk   rl collins   se taylor   nw vanyperen   ga  1990.0 
introduction to hilbert space pr halmos    
xxl-a library approach to supporting efficient implementations of advanced database queries proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   j van den bercken   b blohsfeld   jp dittrich   j  2001.0 
the rialto virtual memory system rp draves   g odinak   sm cutshall   
olap   relational   and multidimensional database systems g colliat  sigmod record   1996.0 
r-tree . an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles hpk nobertbeckmann   bs ralfschneider proceedings of the 1990 acm    
chemical properties division   national institute of standards and technology   gaithersburg kk irikura   p synspec    
active modeling of 3-d objects : planning on the next best pose ( nbp ) for acquiring range images 3-d digital imaging and modeling   1997 . proceedings.   & hellip ;   1997.0 h zha   k morooka   t hasegawa   t nagata   
measurement of low yield neutron pulses from dâ ?? d fusion reactions using a 3 he proportional j moreno   l birstein   re mayer   p silva   l soto  2003.0 
be silva   critical point theorems and applications to differential equations ea de ph-d thesis   wisconsin university    
the ferns and fern-allies of maryland and delaware including district of columbia . reed herbarium   cf reed md      
a framework for information visualisation sigmod record   1996.0 jb kennedy   kj mitchell   pj barclay   
a contingency model for the selection of decision strategies the academy of management review   lr beach   tr mitchell  1978.0 
xxl-a library approach to supporting e cient implementations of advanced database queries j van den bercken   b blohsfeld   jp dittrich   j proc . of the vldb   seiten    
development and trial of groupware for organizational design and management : distributed and 1991.0 j munemori   y nagasawa information and software technology    
â ?? analysis of microstructural development and mechanical properties of si 3 n 4 mj hoffmann see  
use of the trousseau dilator in cricothyrotomy-a decade of experience in denver kj bramwell   dp davis   tv cardall   e yoshida   gm journal of emergency medicine     1999.0 
feff 8.00 manual a ankudinov   b ravel   jj rehr  1999.0 
impact of pretransplant hepatitis c antibody status upon long-term patient and renal allograft c ynares   hk johnson   t kerlin   d crowe transplantation proceedings   1993.0 
finding and visualizing inter-site clan graphs l terveen   w hill   
dyslexia and anxiety : a relationship as strong as life ? td tsovili  athens   greece : elliniva grammata    
magnetic recording system design to reduce medium noise through signal precompensation aos joseph   d agrawal   dg porter   rs indeck   mw proc . 28th    
a comparison of selectivity estimators for range queries on metric attributes 1999.0 b blohsfeld   d korus   b seeger sigmod conference    
personality similarity in twin reared apart and together a tellegen   dt lykken   tj bouchandâ ? ¦  1988.0 
mixed and hybrid finite element methods 1991.0 f brezzi   m fortin   
swale   international standards for voip bt technology g travers   p richard   
distributed depth-first search and deadlock detection   university of maryland at college park   b groå ¡ elj md    
method configuration : adapting to situational characteristics while creating reusable assets f karlsson   pj ã?gerfalk    
developmental stabilityfitness relationships in animals : some theoretical considerations gm clarke see polak    
software process modelling and measurement : a qms case study a pengelly   m norris   r higham information and software technology     1993.0 
generalized multi-dimensional data mapping and query processing 2005.0 r zhang   p kalnis   bc ooi   kl tan acm transactions on database systems    
a model for integrated information systems ia macleod vldb   1983.0 
caffarella ( 1994 ) . â ?? experiential learning : a new approach.â ?? l jackson  new directions for adult and continuing  
auv navigation sensor integration   8p c stewart  2000.0 
changes in part d of idea : an initial analysis of benchmark policy changes and their relationships unpublished manuscript   pj kleinhammer-tramill   ks gallagher   p earley   
logical design of deductive natural language consultable data bases ieeexplore.ieee.org  vldb   1979.0 
interface synthesis : a vertical slice from digital logic to software components g borriello   l lavagno   rb ortega  proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0 
efficient support for interactive service in multi-resolution vod systems the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   kkw law   jcs lui   l golubchik  1999.0 
modern times : the industrial revolution and the concept of time . fh doppen  social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
a brief guide to critiquing research . e hayes new directions for adult and continuing education     1991.0 
on the closure of the family of conjunctive languages under inverse homomorphism a okhotin   
risperidone versus typical antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia e kennedy   f song   r hunter   a clarke   s gilbody cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
the ontological properties of social roles g boella   l van der torre procs . of loait at icailâ ?? 05      
the effects of local spatial structure on epidemiological invasions mj keeling proceedings : biological sciences   1999.0 
program slicing m harman   kb gallagher information and software technology     1998.0 
a unified characterisation for shared multimedia cscw workspace designs nn kamel  information & software technology   1999.0 
t.â ?? papatheodourou   evaluation of hypermedia application development and management systems   â ?? s christodoulou   g styliaras  proceedings of acm hypertext â ?? 98  
lh * -- a scalable   distributed data structure acm transactions on database systems   w litwin   ma neimat   da schneider  1996.0 
reasoning about functional dependencies generalized for semantic data models ge weddell acm transactions on database systems   1992.0 
rp3 performance monitoring hardware wc brantley   kp mcauliffe   ta ngo 1989.0  acm press   new york    
undecidability of the reachability problem for o-minimal hybrid systems   2005 t brihaye    
injection molding of metals and ceramic [ j ] m randall   ab german isbn      
guangr . gao   herbert hj hum   kevin theobald   and xin-min tian . polling watchdog : combining polling o maquelin  proceedings of the 23rd annual international symposium on & hellip ;    
workfile disk management for concurrent mergesorts in a multiprocessor database system distributed and parallel databases   2000.0 kl wu   ps yu   jy chung   jz teng   
linear prediction of speech jd markel   ah gray    
modelling temporal data au tansel information and software technology   1990.0 
analysis and simulation of a fair queueing algorithm a derners   s keshav   s shenker  proceedings of acm sigcomm   pages    
rj dempster och rw reed ss blackman demonstration of multiple hypothesis tracking ( mht )    
emotional intelligence : in search of an elusive construct 1998.0 m davies   l stankov   rd roberts journal of personality and social psychology    
bipolar nickel-metal hydride aircraft battery m eskra   p ralston   m klein   w johnson   j erbacher    
matrix metalloproteinases and metastasis cancer chemotherapy and pharmacology   de kleiner   wg stetler-stevenson  1999.0 
taking the distance out of education 2003.0 mm watts new directions for teaching and learning    
new models for the formation of linear sand dunes i livingstone  geography    
hypertext systems and applications information and software technology   1990.0 pav hall   s papadopoulos   
related-key and slide attacks : analysis   connections   and improvements m ciet   g piret   jj quisquater    
geese of the yukon-kuskokwim delta : improvements or illusions js sedinger proc int waterfowl symp    
high-speed policy based forwarding using efficient multi-dimensional range matching tv lakshman   d stiliadis proceedings of acm    
artemether-lumefantrine for treating uncomplicated falciparum malaria aa omari   c preston   p garner  cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
the indiana postsecondary-encouragement experiment . 1995.0 d hossler   j schmit new directions for higher education    
an online video placement policy based on bandwidth to space ratio ( bsr ) a dan   d sitaram   
smith.   k.   and robinson   p.   eds.   â ?? strategies for energizing large classes : from small groups to j macgregor   j cooper new directions for teaching and  
a practical environment for fortran programming ieee computer   a carle   kd cooper   rt hood   k kennedy   l torczon     
incremental organization for data recording and warehousing   s seshadri proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0    
on distributed processibility of datalog queries by decomposing databases g dong proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     1989.0 
tangible weather channel yc hsu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2005.0 
the formula commonly used to calculate velocity change in vehicle collisions proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   r smith  1998.0 
understanding semantic relationships the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   vc storey  1993.0 
reverse synthesis compilation for architectural research mg stan841   jl hennessy   v sarkar technical report # 257   computer systems laboratory   stanford  
multigranularity locking in multiple job classes transaction processing system acm sigmod record   1995.0 s ng   s hung   
solution of systems of linear inequalities on a digital computer a orden 1952.0  proc . acm    
combinatorial scheduler : simulation & optimization algorithm t aoki   s nakayama   m yamamoto   m hashimoto   j   
parag   and s b aditya   s chakrabarti   r desai   a hulgeri   h  & hellip ; in banks system : a demonstration . intâ ?? l conference of & hellip ;    
segmented minimax approximation cl lawson  proc . acm natl. conf    
the argument for making large classes seem small new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0 jl cooper   p robinson   
choosing the best storage system for video service & hellip ; of the third acm international conference on multimedia   1995.0 al chervenak   da patterson   rh katz   
incremental clustering for mining in a data warehousing environment vldb   m ester   hp kriegel   j sander   m wimmer   x xu  1998.0 
september 1994 . the plasma earth process : a versatile solid mixed waste treatment technology . php rl gillins  washington   dc and in seattle    
reconstructing an urban and regional political economy : on the state   politics   scale   and g macleod   m goodwin political geography   1999.0    
the analogue of shafarevich conjecture for cy manifolds i. to k liu   a todorov   st yau   k zuo   
application program conversion due to data base changes syw su vldb   1976.0 
ginkgo biloba for cognitive impairment and dementia j birks   ev grimley   m van dongen 2002.0  cochrane database syst rev    
adaptative blind identification of convolutive mixtures n delfosse   p loubaton  proc . int . conf . asilomar    
stability and level of self-esteem as predictors of anger arousal and hostility 1989.0 mh kernis   bd grannemann   lc barclay journal of personality and social psychology    
a graphic method to simulate garment fitting on a human body model in various posture r matsuda   h imaoka fiber   1995.0    
discriminative justice : can discrimination be just ? ts rocco   sj gallagher new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
socializing new chairs new directions for higher education   2004.0 jr thomas   jh schuh   
acute renal vascular occlusion : an uncommon mimic sk hall  journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
the theory of probability bv gnedenko    
model-enabled control of hybrid systems s mcilraith   g biswas   m fromherz   j howe   r fikes    
dolphin : intelligent meeting support across liveboards   local and remote desktop environments n striz   jh geibler   j hol proc . of acm    
modelling human perception aw rix   a bourret   mp hollier  bt technology journal    
the next database revolution j gray    
the false promise of objects j gantz computerworld    
passing over easter : constructing the boundaries of messianic judaism s feher 1995.0    
parental investment and the control of sexual selection : predicting the direction of sexual ga parker   lw simmons  proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
switching to monotherapy with lamictal compared to valproate 23rd international epilepsy proceedings   m kerr   k kane   am moorat   
web services : the next big thing ? jk waters    
visualizing digital library search results with categorical and hierarchical axes b shneiderman   d feldman   a rose   xf grau    
maximum flow-life curve for a wireless ad hoc network tx brown   hn gabow   q zhang    
river of blood : the genesis of a martyr cult in southern malawi jm schoffeleers   1992.0 
group awareness in distributed software development   to appear proceedings of acm cscw c gutwin   r penner   k schneider   
banks : browsing and keyword searching in relational databases b aditya   g bhalotia   s chakrabarti   a hulgeri   c 2002.0  vldb    
transcription termination and anti-termination in e. coli e nudler   me gottesman genes to cells     2002.0 
ground water management plan for the construction of the bonneville navigation lock 1988.0 jd graham   d scofield   s farooqui   s sagstad   k water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;    
evaluating chicago school reform . rp niemiec   hj walbergâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation   1993.0 
is homophobia mental illness v brownworth bay area reporter    
evaluating reputation systems for document authenticity n daswani   p golle   s marti   h garcia-molina   d    
documentation of the geos/das observation data stream ( ods ) version 1.0 . dao o ce note 95-01 . . data a da silva   c redder md      
how useâ ?? oriented development can take place y dittrich   o lindeberg information and software    
lawâ § 14-114 .1 . a ny elec  handbook    
storage mapping for multidimensional linear hashing   '' m ouksel   p scheuermann proc . of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symp . on principles of  
a new perspective on equity theory : the equity sensitivity construct the academy of management review   rc huseman   jd hatfield   ew miles  1987.0 
visualizing forest stand dynamics using the stand visualization system rj mcgaughey proceedings      
processing of dues from the moving environment in the drosophila navigation system kg g & z see braitenberg      
radiotherapy for the palliation of painful bone metastases cochrane database syst rev   hj mcquay   sl collins   d carroll   ra moore  2000.0 
deadlock resolution and semantic lock models in object-oriented distributed systems portal.acm.org   
memantine for dementia sa areosa   f sherriff 2003.0  cochrane database syst rev    
dev.   and hsui dt heidlauf   g klein 1986.0    
robotic planetary exploration by sun-synchronous navigation d wettergreen   b shamah   p tompkins   w whittaker    
debugging hw/sw interface for mpsoc : video encoder system design case study mw youssef   s yoo   a sasongko   y paviot   aa   
the dec oo7 benchmark m carey   dj dewitt   jf naughton proc . acm sigmod conf.    
international labor standards once again ! & hellip ; labor   bureau of international labor affairs   international & hellip ;   tn srinivasan   
dimensions of change-a better picture of disruption av lewis   g cosier   pm hughes bt technology journal     2001.0 
reverse synthesis compilation for architectural research m ganapathi   j hennessy   v sarkar    
interventions for preventing falls in elderly people ld gillespie   wj gillespie   mc robertson   se lamb   cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
198 zurich   switzerland   si architekten-verein   sia untertagebau   
the stream-line motion of fluid in a curved pipe wr dean 1928.0    
ontological feedback in multiagent systems rj beun   rm van eijk   h prust   
schroeder   pa phil . mag   rs crisp   wg henry   
amdb : an access method debugging tool m kornacker   m shah   jm hellerstein  sigmod conference   1998.0 
a more symmetrical fourier analysis applied to transmission problems rvl hartley proc . ire    
domino : databases for moving objects tracking   int o wolfson   ap sistla   b xu   j zhou   s chamberlain sigmod conference    
record high characteristic temperature ( t0 = 122 k ) in 1.55 m algainas lasers with alas/alinas proc . int . semiconductor laser conf   n ohnoki   g okazaki   f koyama   k iga   
chrysanthos and n. dellarocas   '' proteus user documentation ea brewer technical report   mit laboratory for computer science      
ad-hoc   self-supervising peer-to-peer networks b cooper   h garcia-molina technical report   stanford university    
long-term persistence of modoc virus in hamster kidney cells hn johnson vivo and in vitro demonstration . am j tropmed hyg      
a randomized protocol for signing contracts 1985.0 s even   o goldreich   a lempel   
pattern-based design and implementation of an xml and rdf parser/interpreter g neumann   u zdun  submitted for publication    
efficient self-maintenance of materialized views n huyn   
progress on hpcc and nii m winslett   
shoring up persistent applications mj carey   dj dewittâ ? ¦   
some factors affecting the spatial distribution of chicago land values   1910-1960 economic geography   mh yeates  1965.0 
a model for electronic documents r koo   
recursive ascent : an lr analog to recursive descent gh roberts acm sigplan notices   1988.0    
modelling of cloud and radiation in the echam model e roeckner   m rieland   e keup procs . ecmwf/wcrp workshop on â ?? clouds   radiative transfer & hellip ;      
the burnside problem and identities in groups si adian  1979.0 
mariposa : a wide-area distributed database system m stonebraker   pm aoki   w litwin   a pfeffer   a sah the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;     1996.0 
sympathectomy for neuropathic pain cochrane database syst rev   a mailis   a furlan  2003.0 
treemaps : visualizing hierarchical and categorical data   university of maryland at college park   bs johnson md      
carrier sense multiple access protocol for local area networks ss lam  computer networks    
