a database index to large biological sequences e hunt mp atkinson rw irving   
recognita plus : ocr with strength in hardware b simon pc magazine ( 10 )  
a correctness proof for a practical byzantine-fault-tolerant replication algorithm . technical memo m castro b liskov  1999.0 
wanted : true believers f hayes computerworld  
progress in the development of large area sub-millimeter resolution cdznte strip detectors jr macri dv boykin k larson m mayer ml proc . spie 1996.0 
algebraic attacks on combiners with memory f armknecht m krause   
how coping mediates the effect of optimism on distress : a study of women with early stage breast cs carver c pozo sd harris v noriegaâ ? ¦ journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
thread-local heaps for java t domani g goldshtein ek kolodner e lewis e   
waiting times for stationary processes i kontoyiannis a recurrence technical report no. 92 stanford university july  
estimating dna sequence entropy jk lanctot   
personal communication p hunt herpetologist santa barbara california  
a selection combining scheme for rake receivers n kong   
provably secure coin flip in a byzantine environment s awerbuch b chor s goldwasser s micali  1985.0 
lp { the larch prover : version 3.1 1995 s garland mit laboratory for computer science http://larch . lcs . mit .  
computer implementation of thenite element method a george stanford university technical report stan-cs-208 stanford ca  
hints of discontent s alexander   
a survey of distributed deadlock detection algorithms ak elmagarmid acm sigmod record 1986.0 
adding medications in the emergency department : effect on knowledge of medications in older adults ks hayes journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
charge-based proportional scheduling . technical memorandum mit/lcs/tm -529 january 1995 u maheshwari mit laboratory for computer  
strong asymmetries in impurity distributions of jet plasmas . b alper   
lecture-â ?? process for developing aap guidelinesâ ?? . baltimore n halsey md  
data and knowledge base research at hong kong university of science and technology p drew b hamidzadeh k karlapalem acy kean dl sigmod record 1995.0 
videoanywhere : a system for searching and managing distributed video assets . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
freud jung and hall the king-maker . the expedition to america s rosenzweig  1992.0 
interventions to help external cephalic version for breech presentation at term gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
comparing hierarchical data in external memory . university of maryland ss chawathe proceedings of the 25th vldb conference  
neural structures associated with recognition of facial expressions of basic emotions r sprengelmeyer m rausch ut eysel h przuntek proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
incremental subgradient methods for nondifferentiable optimization a nediä ? d bertsekas technical report lids-p-2460 massachusetts institute of  
management 976 f a info supp .  
autonomous mobile robot navigation and learning cr weisbin jr einstein fg pin   
an algebraic description of programs with assertions verification and simulation rm burstall proceedings of acm conference on proving assertions about & hellip ; 1972.0 
expert system for selecting expert system shells . a martin rkh law information and software technology 1988.0 
singularity design motivation gc hunt jr larus technical report msr-tr-2004-105 microsoft corporation dec. .  
beyond process : tqm content and firm performance r reed dj lemak jc montgomery the academy of management review 1996.0 
transition to a unified system : using perl to drive library databases and enhance web site jc fagan electronic library 2001.0 
effective memory use in a media server ( extended version ) . stan-ford technical report sidl-ivp - e chang h garcia-molina  1996.0 
perceived organizational support and leader-member exchange : a social exchange perspective sj wayne lm shore rc liden the academy of management journal 1997.0 
cold tolerance e beck see ref  
environmental isotopes in hydrogeology id clark p fritz crc new york 1997.0 
intelligent software agents for managing distributed genomics data jw keeleâ ? ¦ proc . 28th conf . int &#39; l soc . animal genetics  
multimethod probes of individualism and collectivism hc triandis c mccusker ch hui journal of personality and social psychology  
integrating user views in database design sb navathe r elmasri ja larson ieee computer  
a contract and balancing mechanism for sharing capacity in a communication network e anderson f kelly r steinberg   
symbolic math software b simon pc magazine august  
spin vector shape and size of the amor asteroid ( 6053 ) 1993 bw ~ 3 p pravec m wolf l sarounova aw harris jk icarus-new york - 1997.0 
improving the tcpa specification b arbaugh   
surveillance of the flow of salmonella and campylobacter in a community nv harris seattle washington us : communicable disease control & hellip ;  
a generalized model for a relational temporal database sk gadia cs yeung proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
history of the development of medical information systems at the laboratory of computer science at go barnett proceedings of acm conference on history of medical & hellip ; 1987.0 
histochemistry of nucleotidyl cyclases and cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases g poeggel h luppa the histochemical journal 1988.0 
positive and negative global self-esteem : a substantively meaningful distinction or artifactors ? hw marsh journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
consistency within diversity : guidelines for programs to honor exemplary teaching md svinicki rj menges new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
adaptive application-specific garbage collection s soman c krintz d bacon   
two-phase deadlock detection algorithm in distributed databases s kawazu s minami k itoh k teranaka very large data bases 1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ; 1979.0 
application of hla based solutions for modeling and control of chemical plants a bouguezouli s strassburger & hellip ; . 12 . symp . simulationstechnik asim98 zurich switzerland  
calcineurin and the biological effect of cyclosporine and tacrolimus pf halloran l kung j noujaim transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
nebraska univehsity oâ ?? ru charles b varney geography 1959.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?compiled - directed data prefetching in multiprocessors with memory hierarchyã cents â ? ¬ â ? eh gomish ed granston av veidenbnum procs . of 17th isca  
patterns of contact and communication in scientific collaboration r kraut c egido j galegher proc acm cscw  
a query language for a homogeneous temporal database sk gadia jh vaishnav proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
a unifying model of physical databases ds batory cc gotlieb acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
the state of coral reef ecosystems of the united states and pacific freely associated states : 2002 . dd turgeon rg asch bd causey re dodge w jaap   
strategic informative advertising in a tv-advertising duopoly t nilssen l sã ¸ rgard  2000.0 
a methodology for eliciting product and process expert knowledge in immersive virtual environments jm ritchie jel simmons rg dewar id carpenter & hellip ; international conference on management of engineering and & hellip ;  
under pressure of publicity and the subsequent reactions from animal welfare environmental and nrc handelsblad see  
otitis media in dairy calves a preliminary case report gm dechant ga donovan 28th ann . conv . proc . am . assoc. bov . pract  
semi-structured data extraction from heterogeneous sources x gao l sterling   
javascript 1.2 addison-wesley s mintert   
mortality factors in a cyclic vole population k norrdahl e korpimaki proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
evaluation of the effectiveness of pingers to reduce incidental entanglement of harbor porpoise in a jl laake pj gearin me gosho rl delong md  
a support for communication in software processes m amiour j estublier   
hb hunt m '' processmg ccmjuncuve predwattes and quertes ' dj rosenknmtz m proc 6th internattonal vldb conference montreal canada & hellip ;  
getting the best from formal methods jb wordsworth information and software technology 1999.0 
3-dimensional software modelling y gil s kent  1998.0 
transputer control of a puma 560 robot via the virtual bus rw daniel   
e cient fair queueing using de cit round robin m shreedhar g varghese proceedings of acm sigcomm 1995.0 
business must fill educational gap j akers computerworld  
management information systems towards the new economy : the new digital enterprise sp anastasiades alfa scientific books editions athens greece  
virtual try-on in a department store b spanlang t vassilev bf buxton eurasia tex athens greece november  
cleâ $ ment n. and coujou a. 1999 m jouiad f pettinari phil .  
engineering of expert systems . ls de jong information and software technology 1988.0 
an orthogonally persistent java tm mp atkinson mj jordan t printezis s spence sigmod record 1996.0 
environmental evangelist j kador electronic business  
tbag : a high-level fast-turnaround 3d animation system c elliott g schechter r yeung s abi-ezzi proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 94  
an object-oriented application development environment m ganti p goyal r nassif s podar   
comic d1 . 1 issues of supporting organisational context in cscw systems b liam s kjel  1993.0 
learning localized heuristics in batch scheduling r matthew lispe technical report department of chemical engineering  
the effective of gloss for the text database discovery problem hgoms luisgravano a tomasic proc . of the acm sigmod conference acm sigmod record  
utility of co-operating web proxy caches p krishnan b sugla www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
13th conf . on plasma surface interactions ( san diego 1998 ) j. nucl . mater aw leonardâ ? ¦  1998.0 
implementation of an outdoor far-field measurement system at irctr p aubry p hakkaart jh zijderveld lp ligthart proc . 28th european microwave conf  
under-ice hydrodynamics at tioga lake pa ks lee ra bank water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
distributed processes : a concurrent programming concept comm p brinch-hansen   
are a voluntary organisation with local schemes throughout the uk which provide support friendship uk homestart contact  
plan-per-tuple optimization solutionâ ?? parallel execution of user defined functions f carino woâ ?? connell proceedings of the vldb conf  
arbitrary rectilinear block packing based on sequence pair mz kang wwm dai proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
optimization of loops for dynamic datafiow machines . master 's thesis bs ang  1992.0 
martingales and stochastic integrals in the theory of continuous trading stoch jm harrison sr pliska proc . appl  
tracking a moving object with a binary sensor network j aslam z butler f constantin v crespi g proceedings of acm sensys 2003.0 
the parlay apiâ ?? allowing third party application providers safe and secure access to network rm stretch bt technology journal 2003.0 
ecology of biological invasions of north america and hawaii ha mooney ja drake  1986.0 
scientific staff bw olesen  2006.0 
philly sound park : using animation as an architectural design/presentation tool c janney proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
epirus revisited : seasonality and inter-site variation in the upper palaeolithic of north-west g bailey pl carter cs gamble hp higgs see ref  
teaching methods for medical education d ambrozy seattle : university of washington  
evaluation in israel : a conversation with arieh lewy a bank new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
playing it safe e callaway computerworld  
the case for reliable concurrent multicasting using shared ack trees bn levine db lavo jj garcia-luna-aceves   
novel approach to indoor propagation modelling p pechac m klepal k novotny radioengineering-prague - 2000.0 
in atlas of protein sequence and structure v. 5 suppl . 3 ( dayhoff mo ed . ) . national biochemical mo dayhoff md  
wealth and the timing of retirement s khitatrakun  2000.0 
environmental influences on film durability i vulic jm zenner proc . of 29th nat . agric . plastics  
membrane-associated guanylate kinase with inverted orientation ( magi ) -1 / brain angiogenesis inhibitor a mino t ohtsuka e inoue y takai genes to cells 2000.0 
a new substitution gamma 358 ser - > cys in fibrinogen milano vii causes defective fibrin c steinmann m jungo   
fractal analysis of dendritic tree of transient amacrine cell of gold fish retina versus diffusion mba djamgoz zj grzywna m krasowska s vallerga cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
andg . pozzi . specificationandimplementationofexceptions in workflow management systems f casati s ceri s paraboschi acm trans . on database systems  
component technology k kroeker ieee computer  
fentonâ ?? s reaction revisited c walling acc . chem . res  
shame as the master emotion sm retzinger tj scheff & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa barbara  
dynamic binding of service users and providers in an open services environment a wolisz v tschammer computer networks  
monitoring database objects t risch vldb 1989.0 
arid-zone ornithology in africa and south america gl maclean proc . int . orn . congr  
single-service quality differentiation g karlsson h lundqvist im ivars   
preemptive scheduling of uniform processor systems t gonzalez s sahni journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1978.0 
proxy servers.â ?? c catalano computerworld  
the garbage collection advantage : improving program locality x huang   
social capital intellectual capital and the organizational advantage j nahapiet s ghoshal the academy of management review 1998.0 
use of an inverted file structure for interactive retrieval of computer program abstracts ac buschman acm sigmod record 1973.0 
assessment to improve student learning df brakke dt brown new directions for higher education 2002.0 
molecular biology of adeno-associated viruses rm linden ki berns   
the use of border collies in avian and wildlife control programs nb carter   
partitioned garbage collection or a large object store u maheshwari b liskov & hellip ; of the acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
dynamic data flow analysis for java programs as boujarwah k saleh j al-dallal information & software technology 2000.0 
sane expert and factual testimony le ledray l barry journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
it acceptance : managing user-it group boundaries d gefen cm ridings data base for advances in information systems 2003.0 
the generalized tree protocol : an efficient approach for managing replicated data d agarwal ae abbadi acm transactions on database systems  
â ?? specification and implementation of exceptions in workflow management systems & rdquo f casati s ceri s paraboschi g pozzi acm trans . database systems  
sondex/ozex campaigns of dual ozonesondes flights : report on the data analysis r stã 1/4 bi  2002.0 
qos requirements for a voice-over-ip pstn g hunt p arden bt technology journal 2005.0 
noise figures of radio receivers ht friis proc . ire  
new cyclic difference sets with singer parameters jf dillon h dobbertin submitted for  
an effective on-line deadlock detection technique for distributed database management a elmagarmid acm sigmod record  
tutorial : constraint programming and database languages p kanellakis proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod sigart symposium on & hellip ; 1995.0 
the light is polar b bank m giusti j heintz lm pardo unpublished manuscript  
the peer support group needed to guide organizational change processes mj austin new directions for higher education 1997.0 
experiments on the deposition of iodine 131 vapor onto surfaces ac chamberlain phil . mag  
dual disorders : final report and recommendations on managing people with a coexisting mental health j mooney southern area health service nsw  
neural networks for nonlinear internal model control kj hunt d sbarbaro iee proceedings 1991.0 
formula-preferential systems for paraconsistent non-monotonic reasoning ( an extended abstract ) a avron i lev   
passive smoking and histological types of primary cancer of the lung n voropoulou doctoral thesis . athens greece : university of athens medical  
data base provides business model fa dottore computerworld  
exploiting inheritance and structure semantics for effective clustering and buffering in an object - ee chang   
performance evaluation of carrier sense multiple access with collision detection f tobagi vb hunt computer networks  
report available from the nasa center for aerospace information 7121 standard drive hanover uus category md  
why do citizens want to keep refugees out ? threats fairness and hostile norms in the treatment of wr louis j duck dj terry r schuller r lalonde unpublished manuscript  
an extended journey to assist at-risk students rd walleri jm stoering new directions for higher education 1997.0 
the size of minimum 3-trees : cases 0 and 1 mod 12 jl arocha j tey   
query execution techniques forcaching expensive methods jm hellerstein j naughton proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conferenceon managementof  
a method for change computation in deductive databases t urpi vldb 1992.0 
the evolution of the bioenergetic processes e broda   
swampâ ?? optimising the use of slurry jj lenehan j huijsmans g provolo t cumby f   
irreversibility and adiabatic computation : trading time for energy m li pmb vitanyi   
right - left - and multi-linear rule transformations that maintain context information db kemp k ramamohanarao z somogyi vldb 1990.0 
fast time sequence indexing for arbitrary $ \ \ big . l_p \ \ bigr . $ norms bk yi c faloutsos proc . 26st vldb conf  
minutes from fifth meeting of the alaska scientific review group 7-9 may 1997 dp demaster seattle washington  
super-selective arteriography of the external carotid artery r djindjian jj merland   
abuse neglect abandonment violence and exploitation : an analysis of all elderly patients seen in t fulmer dj mcmahon m baer-hines b forget journal of emergency nursing 1992.0 
on semantic query optimization in deductive databases lvs lakshmanan r missaoui   
mankato schools information literacy curriculum guidelines . 8 june 2000 d johnson mankato area public schools  
ut : peregrine smith books l city   
questions and answers proposed guidance on cumulative risk assessment of pesticide chemicals that epa opp   
h. 1995 . generalizing gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies l gravano g ä ± a-molina proceedings of the 21st international conference on very  
navigation satellite development program ( operational global navigation system development program sl lagna rh jessen national aerospace meeting washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
september 1995 . generalising gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies l gravano h garcia-molä ± na proceedings of 21st international conference on very large  
h. garc a-molina and a. tomasic . the eectivenessof gloss for thetext-databasediscoveryproblem l gravano proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod conference may  
the intangible benefits and costs of investments : evidence from financial markets e brynjolfsson s yang   
nist/asme steam properties 49 pp. natl. inst . for stand . and technol. gaithersburg ah harvey ap peskin sa kline md  
towards a unified visual database access k vadaparty ya aslandogan g ozsoyoglu proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
strategies for the 1990s ee chaffee new directions for higher education 1990.0 
st/impfli r ( 1968 ) action potentials and voltage clamp currents of single rat ranvier nodes m horfickova w nonner proc int union physiol  
a calculus of communicating systems r milner   
geography and the church register c baker geography  
dynamic task allocation on open heterogenous processor systems '' s olason bt technology journal  
the lecture : analyzing and improving its effectiveness . ld fink new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
loss modeling and component selection for resonant pole inverters d perreault h martin r selders j kassakian proc . 29th universities power engineering conf .  
join index hierarchies for supporting efficient navigation in object-oriented databases z xie j han proc . int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )  
internet 0â ?? inter-device internetworking r krikorian n gershenfeld bt technology journal 2004.0 
laser resurfacing for facial acne scars re jordan cl cummins aj burls dc seukeran cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
constraint programming and database query languages pc kanellakis dq goldin lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
characteristics and modelling of physical limnological processes m laska eidgenossische technische hochschule . zurich switzerland  
krivanek 0 l and rudee ml 1973 a howie phil . mag  
index concurrency control in firm real-time dbms b goyal j haritsa s seshadri v srinivasan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
caught in the crossfire of gang violence : small children as innocent victims of drive-by shootings hr hutson d anglin w mallon mj pratts jr journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
cyclic nucleotides as modulators of leukocyte chemotaxis hr hill see ref  
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? on optimistic methods for concurrency control ã cents â ? ¬ â ? acm trans ht kung jt robinson database syst  
business partnerships a brown ml buck e skinner   
a framework for evaluating the effectiveness of real-time object-oriented models p kumarakulasingam h saiedian information & software technology 2002.0 
lazy consistency using loosely synchronized clocks a adya b liskov   
in search of an api for scalable reliable multicast j gemmell d bassett   
flight crewmember to provide cabin service instruct passengers in the use of emergency equipment f attendants   
ubiquitous media agents for managing personal multimedia files wy liu z chen f lin r yang mj li hj zhang proceedings of acm  
miss grimp revisited : recofiguring composition literature and cultural literacy . f jussawalla new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
the aditi deductive database system j vaghanl k ramamohanarao db kemp z somogyi pj the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
an algorithm to generate sequential and parallel code with improved data locality m wolf m lam technical report stanford university  
project da capo + + â ?? volume i : architectural and detailed design b stiller d bauer g caronni c class c conrad   
security model for the next-gerneration secure computing base wpd notes microsoft corporation  
george orwell : the satiric resolution r quintana wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
on multi-agent systems specification via deontic logic a lomuscio m sergot lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
an algebraic approach to rule analysis in expert database systems e bar & s j widom   
performance modelling nw macfadyen bt technology journal 2003.0 
a distributed execution environment for shared java objects n erdogan ye selcuk o sahingoz information and software technology 2004.0 
managing change requests effectively d bustard a sweeney software quality management-international conference - 1997.0 
combined thermionic and photoelectric emission from dispenser cathodes dw feldman a valfells j neumann j harris b   
the kalpa-sutra w schubring ms burgess  1910.0 
index of subjects bound variable e williams   
efficient group signature schemes for large groups j camenisch m stadler lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
airway compromise and delayed death following attempted central vein injection of propylhexedrine j perez bt burton jg mcgirr journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
concurrency control for distributed real-time databases lsr rajkumar jp lehoczky acm sigmod record ( mar. .  
case study : on-site management in willard new mexico c van lenten national on-site demonstration program national & hellip ;  
putting social studies back into early primary classrooms . ek stuckey social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
data movement and control substrate for parallel scientific computing n chrisochoides i kodukula k pingali lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
the development of an instrument for inventorying knowledge of the processes of science ww welch  1966.0 
avatar motion control by user body postures s yonemoto h nakano r taniguchi proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
secure b allcock j bester j bresnahan al chervenak i & hellip ; transport and replica management for high-performance data - & hellip ; 2001.0 
expert judgement as an estimating method rt hughes information and software technology 1996.0 
the lactose permease of escherichia coli : what to do while awaiting crystals of a membrane transport hr kaback j wu acc chem res  
m. and mcclure w. 0 . ( 1968 ) g edelman acc . chem .  
operational support systemsâ ?? glossary ig dufour bt technology journal 1997.0 
cutaneous mechanoreceptors and nociceptors pr burgess er perl handbook of sensory physiology 1973.0 
models of man ha simon  1957.0 
integration von wahrscheinlichkeiten : verarbeitung von zwei wahrscheinlichkeitsinformationen [ t bamert & hellip ; masterâ ?? s thesis university of zurich switzerland  
importance of ice edges to high-arctic seabirds msw bradstreet proc . int . ornithol . congr  
oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil and g. weikum . the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database disk buffering ej oã cents proceeding of the 1993 acm sigmod  
related tt viruses in chimpanzees m cong virology-new york - 2000.0 
the incidence of wound infection following crotalid envenomation rf clark bs selden b furbee journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
vitamin e for neuroleptic-induced tardive dyskinesia kv soares jj mcgrath cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
the essence of chaos seattle e lorenz  1993.0 
the aegis processor architecture for tamper-evident and tamper-resistant processingâ '' . rapport ge suh d clarke b gassend m van dijk s devadas  2003.0 
two-way coherent tracking systems ( nonlinear theory of cascaded two-way coherent spacecraft tracking wc lindsey jh yuen & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1971.0 
methodological and institutional problems in organized crime control p reuter & hellip ; institute of justice symposium proceedings ( september 25â ?? & hellip ;  
the propagation of stress pulses in viscoelastic solids h kolsky phil . mag  
light therapy for managing sleep behaviour and mood disturbances in dementia d forbes dg morgan j bangma s peacock n cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
organizational and hrm strategies in korea : impact on firm performance in an emerging economy j bae jj lawler academy of management journal 2000.0 
a policymakerâ ?? s guide for the use of central-local transfers : the philippine case b diokno unpublished manuscript  
an algorithm for the stable fixtures problem rw irving s scott  2003.0 
exercise in modelling d andrews information and software technology 1996.0 
coupled peeling-ballooning modes : a model for elms and the temperature pedestal ? hr wilsonâ ? ¦   
garbage collection in a very large address space : technical report tr-178 pb bishop mit laboratory for computer  
application of ultrashort laser pulses for refractive surgery of the eye h lubatschowski a heisterkamp w drommer o laseropto-stuttgart - 2001.0 
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us k woollard bt technology journal 1998.0 
inventing new media : what we can learn from new media art and media history l manovich   
the siren music/sound package for squeak smalltalk st pope   
subscales for scales 5 and 0 of the mmpl k serkownek unpublished manuscript  
on the path to an ideal roc curve : considering cost asymmetry in learning classifiers fr bach d heckerman e horvitz   
indoor vehicle navigation by means of signs g adorni g destri m mordonini   
a model of conglomeratic beaches in tectonically active areas ( late pleistocene-actual almeria cj dabrio jl goy c zazo proceedings 6th ias european congress . inst . dâ ?? estudis & hellip ;  
panoramic image mosaics [ c ] hy shum r szeliski technical report mst-tr-97-23 microsoft research  
expressive power and data complexity of nonrecursive query languages for lists and trees ( extended e dantsin a voronkov proceedings of the nineteenth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ; 2000.0 
dominance and heterosexual attraction ek sadalla dt kenrick b vershure journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
safe query languages for constraint databases pz revesz acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 
managing customer services : human resource practices quit rates and sales growth r batt academy of management journal 2002.0 
a tool for content based navigation of music s blackburn   
effective memory use in a media server ( extended version ) e chang h garcia-molina  1996.0 
on the expression complexity of the modal-calculus model checking s dziembowski m jurdzinski d niwinski  1996.0 
molecule-oriented programming in java ja bergstra information & software technology 2002.0 
factorization of polynomials over finite elds and factorization of primes in algebraic number elds mda huang proc . 16th acm  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?hierarchical packet fair queueing algorithms ã cents â ? ¬ â ? jcr bennett h zhang proc . of acm sigcomm  
system impacts on program costs and integrity c logan j kirlin p elwood m menne m walker the evaluation of the expanded ebt demonstration in maryland  
a genetic algorithm for fragment allocation in a distributed database system a corcoran j hale proc . 1994 acm symp . applied computing 1994.0 
toward an effective calculus for object query processing lf fm d maier proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of  
integrating social studies with math and science . pa heath social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
ethnicity and adaptation : the late period-cara occupation in northern highland ecuador js athens see ref  
a data distortion by probability distribution ck liew uj choi cj liew acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
the best city of them all : a history of las vegas 1930-1960 pb kaufman  1974.0 
ceftriaxone versus cefazolin with probenecid for severe skin and soft tissue infections g brown r chamberlain j goulding a clarke journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
a gradient from stable to cyclic populations of clethrionomys rufocanus in hokkaido japan nc stenseth on bjornstad t saitoh proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
a. tomasic â ?? gloss : text-source discovery over the internetâ ?? l gravano h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems  
coherent arbitrariness : duration-sensitive pricing of hedonic stimuli around an arbitrary anchor d ariely g loewenstein d prelec   
the hennepin county medical centerâ ?? s womenâ ?? s advocacy programâ ?? sixteen years of service hc jackson journal of emergency nursing 1992.0 
strategizing throughout the organization : managing role conflict in strategic renewal sw floyd pj lane academy of management review 2000.0 
a modal calculus for named control effects a nanevski unpublished manuscript 2004.0 
teaching and learning : 2000 ad hr bowen new directions for higher education 1975.0 
integrating construction productivity and quality management . m battikha proc. 28th annual conference canadian society for civil & hellip ;  
prey abundance space use demography and foraging habitat of northern goshawks in western td bloxton  2002.0 
finestructure of atmospheric refractive layers and implications for over-the-horizon propagation and ee gossard wd neff rj zamora je gaynor & hellip ; : conference on radar meteorology 22nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
comparing hierarchical data in external memory ss chawathe proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
an effective history conference je sammet history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
a pde-based level set approach fro detection and tracking of moving objects n paragios r deriche proc . of the 6th iccv bombay india  
exotica/fmqm : a persistent message-based architecture for distributed workflow management g alonsoâ ? ¦  1994.0 
music therapy for people with dementia ac vink js birks ms bruinsma rj scholten cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
oeuvres completes c ehresmann parties  
integrating heterogeneous overlapping databases through object-oriented transformations v josifovski t risch proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
nonlinear stability of minkowski space d christodoulou s klainerman to  
internet commerce emerges : bank of montreal workview systems build proprietary add-ons to packaged r seeley application development trends 1997.0 
a survey of methods for achieving reliable software d morgan d taylor ieee computer  
on the complexity of division and set joins in the relational algebra d leinders j van den bussche   
implementing orthogonally persistent java a marquez sm blackburn g mercer j zigman   
sustainability and environmental assessment b simpson geography 1996.0 
managing conflict in the workplace p varhol electronic design  
q. jl geol . min . metall . soc . india 4 ( 4 ) ( 1932 ) n raj proc . 29th india sci . congr  
fate of aerosolized recombinant dna-produced ai-antitrypsin : use of the epithelial surface ofthe rg crystal   
brain hunt m williamson computerworld  
voci e istanze narrative nelle metamorfosi di ovidio . a barchiesi md  
global connections . media corner . ja braunâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
arbitrary q-factor dielectric resonator k hoffmann v sokol   
optical rotatory dispersion c djerassi   
distance learning and service-learning in the accelerated format em burton new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
partitioned collection of a large object store u maheshwari b liskov proc . of sigmod international conference on management of  
re-engineering option analysis for managing software rejuvenation f lin information and software technology 1993.0 
melting layer observations during maypole ( ( for polarization properties of hydrometeors ) ) wr moninger tr detman jr jordan vn bringi ta conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
carson mccullers : a map of love jb vickery wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1960.0 
and va matusevich lp chernov vv kezyr at .  
precise and efficient static array bound checking for large embedded c programs a venet g brat   
andj . j. garcia-luna-aceves . the case for reliable concurrent multicasting using sharedack trees bn levine d lavo proc . acm  
transposition of a plasmid dna sequence which mediates ampicillin resistance : general description f heffron c rubens s falkow see berg  
crosscorrelation properties of pseudorandom and related sequences dv sarwate mb pursley proc . ieee  
342/hr 759 . s. 342 was later referred to the senate on environment and public works while hr 759 s see   
soft selection in random global adaptation in rna biocybernetic model of development r galar  1990.0 
hiroyuki kitagaw a and nobuo ohbo â ?? evaluation of signature files as set access facilities in y ishikawa proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of  
bendiksen 0 . o. '' nonlinear aspect of the transonic aeroelastic stability problem '' ka kousen proc . aiaaiasmeiasceiahs 29th sdm conf. williamsburg  
the multiplicative effects of context switching congruity predictability and dominance in speeded n sriram i lee submitted for publication.  
maintaining views incrementally a gupta   
a simple lnre model for random character sequences s evert   
applying the model to a variety of adult learning situations . ds bassett l jackson new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
the influence of people on the dune vegetation at coal oil point reserve santa barbara county cl boyce master &#39; s thesis university of california santa barbara  
performance analysis of recovery techniques a reuter acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1984.0 
frequency and clinical implications of increased pulmonary artery pressures in liver transplant m castro mj krowka dr schroeder kc beck dj mayo clinic proceedings 1996.0 
partitioned garbage collection of a large object store u maheshwari b liskov   
effects of trust and governance on relational risk b nooteboom h berger ng noorderhaven the academy of management journal 1997.0 
on optimistic concurrency control methods ht kung jt robinson acm trans . database syst  
an invertible coniferous forest canopy reflectance model x li ma thesis university of california santa barbara  
the 1990 solar eclipse as seen by a torsion pendulum ( abstract only ) k ullakko y liu z xie oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
on the cyclic to acyclic scheme transformation and solving cyclic queries zm ozsoyoglu e choukhmane proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
regulation of the activity of the transcription factor runx2 by two homeobox proteins msx2 and dlx5 k shirakabe k terasawa k miyama h shibuya e genes to cells 2001.0 
wan and aj elliot s jk acc . chem . res  
microsoft ; the windows interface guidelines for software design p hall  1995.0 
cultural considerations for evaluation consulting in the egyptian context fm seefeldt new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
consistency for elimination of covert channels in real-time secure transaction processing systems n kim s moon y sohn journal of research and practice in information technology 2004.0 
framework adaption via active cockbooks and framework construction via relations w pree  1994.0 
aspect : a formal spectjlcation language for detecting bugs d jackson mit/lcsitr -543 mit laboratory for computer science june  
the urban hierarchy in england and wales ae smailes geography  
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us s davies bt technology journal 2000.0 
microtubule assembly in vitro gg borisy jb olmsted jm marcum c allen fed proc 1974.0 
compiler . 1998 . glossary of aquatic habitat inventory terminology . american fisheries society . nb armantrout   
optimal clip ordering for multi-clip queries p shum  1996.0 
protecting privacy in remote-patient monitoring a kara   
modeling random early detection in a differentiated services network aa abouzeid s roy computer networks 2002.0 
coral reefs : the last two million years dr stoddart geography  
a relational database design in support of standard medical terminology in multi-domain knowledge f naeymi-rad l carmony d trace c georgakis mh proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
querying multidimensional databases l cabibbo r torlone   
support vector machines : training and applications training and applications e osuna r freund f girosi technical report massachusetts institute of technology ai memo  
physicochemical and environmental plant physiology.â ?? academic press ps nobel san diego  
effective personalization of push-type systems - visualizing information freshness h sakagami t kamba a sugiura y koseki www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
architecture of snomed . its contribution to medical language processing ra cã ´ tã © orthner helmuth d. ( herausgeber ) : proceedings of the tenth  
un logiciel de composition musicale combinant un modå?le spectral des structures hiã?rarchiques et a beurivã ?   
database support for efficiently maintaining derived data . acms anthology   
an ecological perspective on integrating personality and social psychology rm baron la boudreau journal of personality and social psychology  
rethinking the brainâ ?? new insights into early development r shore  1997.0 
the space readiness coherent lidar experiment ( sparcle ) space shuttle mission mj kavaya gd emmitt proc . spie 1998.0 
cepstral compensation by polynomial approximation for environment-independent speech recognition b raj eb gouvãªa pj moreno rm stern   
type inference in the polymorphic relational algebra j van den bussche e waller proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst 1999.0 
anti-ige for chronic asthma in adults and children s walker m monteil k phelan t lasserson e cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
synchronized mechanical ventilation for respiratory support in newborn infants a greenough ad milner g dimitriou cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
deadlock prevention in a distributed database system pk reddy s bhalla acm sigmod record 1993.0 
neural networks for nonlinear model control kj hunt d sbarbaro iee proceedings-d  
reducing multidatabase query response time by tree balancing w du u dayal sigmod conference 1995.0 
distributed deadlock detection r obermarck acm transactions on database systems  
supex : a schema-guided path index for xml data j wang proceedings of 28th vldb . hong kong china august 2002.0 
a framework for understanding distributed ( deadlock detection ) algorithms hf korth r krishnamurthy a nigam jt robinson proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
maintaining consistency in partitioned replicated databases a el abadi s toueg acm transactions on database systems  
attain testability with hierarchical design . gm murie electronic design 1991.0 
garciaâ?º molina h. ( 1995 ) . generalizing gloss to vectorâ?º space databases and broker hierarchies l gravano proc . 21st int . conf . on very large data  
multi-agent trading environment mj owen l lee g sewell s steward d thomas bt technology journal 1999.0 
robson mb ` survey on user interface programming ' b myers proc acm  
optimization techniques for queries with expensive methods jm hellerstein acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 
functionalitiesand limitationsof current workflow management systems g alonso d agrawal a el abbadi c mohan technical report ibm almaden research center 1997 . to appear  
factors affecting design inspection effectiveness in software development t raz at yaung information and software technology 1997.0 
761 severance dg lohman gm differential files : their application to the maintenance of large l severance acm trans . on database  
emergency department approach to acute thoracolumbar spine injury e savitsky s votey journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
laser-produced ion streams useful for technological applications j wolowski j badziak fp boody s gammino k proc . 28th eclim  
0 . e. and heike v. 1965 a animalu phil .  
modelling the spatial distribution of suburban crime ma brown economic geography 1982.0 
temperature measurement in pediatric trauma patients : a comparison of thermometry and measurement lm bernardo r henker jo ` connor journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
managing legitimacy : strategic and institutional approaches mc suchman the academy of management review 1995.0 
best in class : self-service check-in kiosks give travelers more control l rosencrance computerworld  
efficient optimistic concurrency control using loosely synchronized clocks acm sigmod int a adya r gruber b liskov u maheshwari conf . on management of data  
sedimentology and stratigraphy of the miocene zia sand of new mexico : geological society of america ce gawne part i  
firm and worker heterogeneity and employer-employee matched data in the national longitudinal survey jm abowd h finer unpublished manuscript  
human resource management manufacturing strategy and firm performance ma youndt sa snell jw dean jr dp lepak the academy of management journal 1996.0 
microsoft corporation h. robinson intelligent search test group . applying models in your testing s rosaria information and software  
partial-match retrieval using hashing and descriptors k ramamohanarao ja thom jw lloyd acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
convergence analysis for principal component flows s yoshizawa u helmke k starkov   
parametrization of all decoupling compensators and all achievable diagonal maps for the unity - ieeexplore.ieee.org   
using sign all il # g messages instead of clocks j jaffe unpublished manuscript  
a strawman analysis of the probability of wait and deadlock . technical report rj2131 ibm san jose j gray p homan hf korth r obermarck proceedings of acm-sigmod 1996 intcrnational conference on & hellip ;  
tracking the best linear predictor m herbster mk warmuth   
techniques for the interruption of tubal patency for female sterilisation jm nardin r kulier m boulvain cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
environmental control of the synthesis and activity of aquatic microbial ectoenzymes rj chrã ³ st microbial enzymes in aquatic environments 1991.0 
heterogeneous nuclear rna-ribonucleoprotein f binds to dna via an oligo ( dg ) - motif and is associated t yoshida k kokura y makino v ossipow t tamura genes to cells 1999.0 
a utility framework for the automatic generation of audio-visual skims h sundaram l xie sf chang   
paper tigers : a model of the asian currency crisis g corsetti p pesenti n roubin  1998.0 
context nuggets : a smart-its game m beigl a krohn c decker p robinson t zimmer demonstration : ubicomp seattle  
cascade subcritical reactor as a fuel-cycle component pn alekseev vv ignatâ ?? ev oe kolyaskinâ ? ¦ at .  
managing user expectation f hayes computerworld  
on localized prediction for power efficient object tracking in sensor networks y xu wc lee proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
page 419 in physics computing 1992 de groot ra and nadrchal j. eds . ( world scientific singapore k nagel j. phys . i france  
regional ground-water quality : van nostrand reinhold wm alley new york  
evidence that the conformation of the actomyosin complex with bound adp . pi ( the am adp . pi state ) s xu   
freshness-driven adaptive caching for dynamic content web sites ws li o po wp hsiung ks candan d agrawal data & knowledge engineering 2003.0 
topology optimization methods with applications in mechanism mems and material design o sigmund  2001.0 
the boulder optimal logic design system d bostick gd hachtel r jacoby mr lightner p proc . iccad  
managing knowledge about information system evolution m jarke t rose   
bank re-engineers to fight mexican inflation t hoffman computerworld  
internet metaphors matter mi taniguchi new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
generalizinggloss to vector-space databases and broker hierachies lgh garcia-molina proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;  
physics-motivated features for distinguishing photographic images and computer graphics tt ng sf chang j hsu l xie mp tsui proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
pitt and wilhelm b mclennan phil . mag  
short-term treatment with proton pump inhibitors h2-receptor antagonists and prokinetics for gastro b van pinxteren me numans pa bonis j lau cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us a steventon bt technology journal 2000.0 
the other america : teens in prison gb stewart san diego : lucent  
secure network management by delegation j schoenwaelder computer networks  
an algebraic approach to rule analysis in expert database systems e baralis j widom proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
a training algorithm for optimal margin classifiers [ a ] . haussler d b boser i guyon v vapnik proceedings of the 5th annul acm workshop on computational & hellip ; 1992.0 
racial discrimination in housing sales : an empirical test of alternative models of broker behavior j simonson r wienk unpublished manuscript  
microphysical properties of single and mixed-phase arctic clouds derived from ground-based aeri dd turner  2003.0 
methods of modern mathematical physics vol . ii + iii : academic press m reed b simon san diego  
glutamine : a major energy source for cultured mammalian cells hr zielke cl zielke pt ozand fed proc 1984.0 
isolated bladder rupture after minor trauma in a patient with alcohol intoxication am herd ng crofts lm lee jvj girard journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
income inequality b nolan b maitre bust to boom  
on the computation of relational view complements j lechtenborger g vossen acm transactions on database systems 2003.0 
the 2d lid-driven cavity problem revisited ch bruneau m saad   
secure computation s micali p rogaway unpublished manuscript  
packing schemes for gang scheduling dg feitelson lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
minos 5.4 release notes appendix to minos 5.1 userâ ?? s guide b murtagh m saunders technical report stanford university  
all about me : a personal heritage project s czartoski mg hickey social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
category : 43 report available from the nasa center for aerospace information 7121 standard drive zfzfuu subject   
interface and component design with com m kirtland technical report microsoft corporation  
in : soft x-ray optics and technology e pfeffermann ug briel h hippmann g kettenring proc . spie  
the evolution of federal personnel management evaluation d jordan new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
cost-benefit analysis and business case analysis of usability engineering c karat proceedings of acm chi  
business networks and transnational corporations : a study of hong kong firms in the asean region hwc yeung economic geography 1997.0 
cm . ( 1996 ) . sensuality in product design : a structured approach gh hofmeester jah kemp a blankendaal proceedings of acm chi96  
imagine your telco is your bank but a bank it ai n't a arbussã ¡ electronic payment  
compositional specification of timed systems j sifakis s yovine lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
updating knowledge bases while maintaining consistency e teniente a olivã © the vldb  
culture and imperialism e said   
bodhi : a database habitat for bio-diversity information sj bedathur a kadlag jr haritsa proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the n-end rule pathway of protein degradation a varshavsky genes to cells 1997.0 
laser irradiance propagation in turbulent media am prokhorov fv bunkin ks gochelashvili vi ieee proceedings 1975.0 
geobotanic researsch of skiathos island e oikonomidou  1969.0 
a secure and efficient digital signature algorithm s micali technical report mit/lcs/tm -501 massachusetts institute of  
an introduction to deductive database languages and systems k ramamohanarao j harland the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
masterâ ?? s carpet hc atwood   
the rhizosphere ea curl b truelove  1985.0 
managing data from high-throughput genomic processing : a case study t bloom t sharpe proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
protocol considerations for a prefix-caching proxy for multimedia streams s gruber j rexford a basso www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
algebraic manipulation of scientific datasets b howe proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
analog technology of all varieties dominate isscc f goodenough electronic design  
recursively generated b-spline surfaces on arbitrary topological meshes e catmull j clark seminal graphics : poineering efforts that shaped the field & hellip ; 1998.0 
parallel query optimization for shared memory multiprocessors h lu mc shan kl tan proceedings of 17th vldb conference august  
privacy in data systems - group of 4 & raquo ; r agrawal proceedings of the twenty-second acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ; 2003.0 
some algebraic and geometric computations in pspace j canny proceedings of the twentieth annual acm symposium on theory & hellip ; 1988.0 
secure real-time transaction processing jr haritsa b george   
threshold proxy signature schemes k zhang lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
chem . 1992 13 1171â ± 1183 ; a. gavezzotti hr karfunkel rj gdanitz j comput acc . chem . res  
the role of haemophilus parasuis in nursery mortality s oliveira c pijoan r morrison proceedings of the allen d. leman swine conference  
, sk gadi p. hayes and s. jajodia ( e & ) : â ?? a consensus glossary of temporal database conceptsâ ?? cs jensen j cliftord a chf sig3fod  
quantifying the financial impact of occupational injuries and illnesses and the costs and benefits sl warch  2002.0 
a new method to test gluten quality w sietz cereal science and technology . proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
a new deadlock detection algorithms for distributed real-time database sys terns c yeung s hung   
grammatik in gebruik-duits intertaal antwerpen 1999 r luscher   
video anywhere : a system for searching and managing distributed heterogeneous video assets a sheth c bertram k shah acm sigmod record 1999.0 
europe safeguards privacy m betts   
the london docklands-redevelopment schemes in the 1980s s page geography  
preplasticity and the theory of thermally activated phenomena lp kubin phil . mag. 1974.0 
clip : common lisp instrumentation package dl westbrook sd anderson dm hart pr cohen technical report 94-26 university of massachusetts at amherst  
misure dell ` occupazione temporanea : consistenza dinamica e caratteristiche di uno stock eterogeneo b anastasia d maurizio i tartufi  
calcification of matrix vesicles in human aortic valve and aortic media km kim  1976.0 
oil-soluble versus water-soluble media for assessing tubal patency with hysterosalpingography or p vandekerckhove a watson r lilford t harada e cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
change management in heterogeneous semistructured databases s chawathe v gossain x liu j widom s abiteboul  1997.0 
distributed deadlock detection algorithm r obermarck acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
psychological studies of doctor-patient communication p ley contributions to medical psychology 1977.0 
it is safe to manage selected patients with acute coronary syndromes in unmonitored beds am kelly d kerr journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
hartree-fock ab initio treatment of crystalline systems c pisani r dovesi c roetti  1988.0 
bouncy e granum a demonstration presented at the nordic interactive media & hellip ;  
birds of north america f alsop  2001.0 
implementing an on-the-fly garbage collector for java t domani ek kolodner e lewis ee salant k   
computational investigation of the movement of a fused mass to the vessel bottom during an gn blasichedv gb usynin ng kuzavkov at .  
modelling issues of wireless lans for accident and emergency departments ka banitsas r istepanian   
a hierarchical model of approach and avoidance achievement motivation aj elliot ma church journal of personality and social psychology  
soft computing-a tool for building intelligent systems b azvine n azarmi kc tsui bt technology journal  
verifying probabilistic water supply outlooks for the potomac river basin ss schwartz proc . 28th conf . and symp . on managing water resources & hellip ;  
tests of stochastic dominance and cumulative independence in buying and selling prices of gambles mh birnbaum s yeary submitted for  
determination of as and se in seawater by flow injection vapor generation etv-icp-ms jw lam re sturgeon  1999.0 
democracy in america a tocqueville   
tl wilfong aj francavilla db wuertz mk simon and bl weber 1997 : application of the prototype da merritt proc . 28th conf . on radar  
model-matching approach to h ^ filtering ys hung   
. mathworks inc. 1999 m inc   
magneto-rheological fluid dampers for semi-active s eismic control jd carson   
studies on some factors affecting pig meat quality g malmfors proc . 28th europ . meeting meat res . workers  
gflops qr processor on a xilinx virtex-e fpgaâ ?? rl walke rwm smith g lightbody spie san diego  
0 . e. 1965 aoe animalu phil . mag  
using artificial intelligence to solve problems in software quality management cj burgess software quality management-international conference -  
new focusing and dispersive planar component based on an optical phased array mk smit  1988.0 
adaptation to the fitness costs of antibiotic resistance in escherichia coli sj schrag v perrot br levin proceedings : biological sciences 1997.0 
variable-structure control approach of decentralised model-reference adaptive systems x xiaohao   
s-plus 4.5 for windows i math soft mathsoft seattle washington  
creating and maintaining team-taught interdisciplinary general education mb seabury ka barrett new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
interactive and formal specification of userâ ?? s views in data base design c baldissera s ceri g palegatti g bracchi proceedings of the international conference on very large  
design overview of the aditi deductive database system j vaghani k ramamohanarao db kemp z somogyi pj   
computing in america : electronic learning 's sixth annual survey of the states f reinhold electronic learning 1986.0 
mining periodic patterns with gap requirement from sequences m zhang b kao dw cheung ky yip proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
concepts and effectiveness of the cover-coefficient-based clustering methodology for text databases f can ea ozkarahan acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
concurrent programming : the java programming language sj hartley  1998.0 
good a graph-oriented database system m gemis j paredaens i thyssens jv bussche proceedings of sigmod sigmod  
shortliffe e. and fallat r. ( 1982 ) . pu : an expert system for interpretation of pulmonary function j aikins j kunz technical report stanford  
polynucleotidyl transfer reactions in site-specific dna recombination k mizuuchi genes to cells 1997.0 
enrollment management and its context . d hossler f kemerer new directions for higher education 1986.0 
gaining support from external constituencies through strengthened public service jb noftsingerâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1996.0 
wireless beyond 3g : managing services and network resources p demestichas l papadopoulou v stavroulaki m   
the use of nutrient reserves by breeding waterfowl cd ankney rt alisauskas proc . int . ornithol . congr  
bid . 1078 700 9 s shaik   
molecular electronics with carbon nanotubes a phaedon acc . chem . res  
integrated communication system performance d maiwald hr muller hr rudin c west iccc seattle  
distributed component object model protocol-dcom/1 .0 january 1998 n brown c kindel   
collision-free accumulators and fail-stop signature schemes without trees n baric b pfitzmann lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
paris metro pricing a odlyzko proc . 1999 acm conf . electronic  
research issues in moving objects databases ( tutorial session ) o wolfson proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2000.0 
managing the search for new product concepts : a strategic approach nw mcguinness ha conway r & d management  
applying an update method to a set of receivers u antwerp   
design considerations for the apache server api . r thau www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
ruptured hemidiaphragm : unusual late presentation ew cameron se mirvis journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
materialy 28 nauchno-tekhnicheskoi konf pm kruglyakov aa tyurin proc . 28th scientific and technical conf . ) penza : penza  
the best of times the worst of times : feminism in the united states j brenner see threlfall  
cutoff for n-tuples of exponentially converging processes j barrera b lachaud b ycart  2005.0 
research studies on the effectiveness of supplemental instruction in mathematics pa kenney jm kallisonâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
commutative algebra with a view toward algebraic geometry volume 150 of graduate texts in d eisenbud  1995.0 
a classical linear - calculus bb gm  1997.0 
towards an eectivecalculusfor objectquery languages l fegaras d maier proc . of the acm sigmod int . conference on management of & hellip ;  
interventions to improve compliance with continuous positive airway pressure for obstructive sleep m haniffa tj lasserson i smith cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
estado y vitivinicultura . las polãticas pãºblicas de la transiciã ³ n. mendoza â ?? am mateu unpublished  
pipelining in multi-query optimization nn dalvi sk sanghai p roy s sudarshan   
user modelling in computer-based critics t mastaglio   
use of benzodiazepines for chest pain : a new indication for an old drug ? jd kirk ea amsterdam journal of emergency medicine 2003.0 
on the materialization of webviews a labrinidis n roussopoulos   
7700 14th avenue south se assessment boc gases seattle washington delta environmental consultants march  
a processing interface for multiple external schema access to a data base management system ag dale cv yurkanan vldb  
250 ( 1998 ) 295 ; d. sornette r. cont d sornette j. phys . i  
reliable extraction of rf figures-of-merit for mos-fets e vandamme d schreurs b nauwelaers c van proc . 29th eur . solid-state device res . conf .  
totem : a reliable ordered delivery protocol for interconnected local-area networks da agarwal  1995.0 
after the eruption : managing conflict in the classroom sa holton new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
fault-tolerant computers ensure reliable industrial controls jh wensley electronic design  
nursing-physician communication breakdown : is it a basis for nurse liability ? je george ms quattrone m goldstone  1996.0 
checking computations in polylogarithmic time lb bfls l fortnow l levin m szegedy proceedings of the 23rd annual acm symposium on the theory & hellip ;  
an optimal control approach to real-time vehicle guidance m vogel o von stryk r bulirsch tm wolter c submitted for  
a survey of current practice in aerospace software development r plant p tsoumpas information and software technology 1995.0 
on the vc dimension of bounded margin classifiers d hush c scovel machine learning 2001.0 
assessing pay discrimination using national data dj treiman hi hartmann pa roos see remick  
molecular selforganisation in a developmental model for the evolution of large-scale artificial h bolouri r adams s george ag rust procs of the int . conf . on neural information processing and & hellip ;  
media use among preschool children as a function of income and media options m st peters s oppenheimer dj eakins jc wright & hellip ; for research in child development seattle washington 1991.0 
cytokine genotypes in allograft rejection : guidelines for immunosuppression iv hutchinson d turner d sankaran m awad v transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
exploring the tensions of problem-based learning : insights from research w hung jh bailey dh jonassen new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
system description : twelf-a meta-logical framework for deductive systems f pfenning c schuermann lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
hierarchical packet fair queing algorithms jcr bennett h zhang proceedings of acm  
managing flexibility in a maketo-order environment e bish a muriel s biller  2001.0 
active placebos versus antidepressants for depression j moncrieff s wessely r hardy cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
tioga : providing data management support for scientific visualization applications m stonebraker j chen n nathan c paxson j wu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
rate hike predicted for business users . p hirsch computerworld. 1982.0 
anefficientindexing technique for full-text database systems j zobel sdr moffata proc 18th vldb conf  
aquarius prolog p van roy ieee computer  
minocycline for acne vulgaris : efficacy and safety se garner ea eady c popescu j newton a li wan cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
analysis of bio-optical variability related to physical processes on the southern new england gc chang  1999.0 
5.0 ppc p fit quantum soft zurich switzerland  
gloss : text-source discovery over the internet l gravano h garcia-molina a tomasic acm transactions on database systems 1999.0 
object systems over relational databases mk crowe information and software technology 1993.0 
rule handling in the day-to-day resource management problem : an object-oriented approach kx thrampoulidis c goumopoulos e housos information and software technology 1997.0 
a query model for object-oriented databases w krm proceedings of the international conference on very large  
optimization of large join queries a swani a gupta proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
safety and translation of relational calculus queries . a van gelder rw topor acm transactions on database systems 1991.0 
bambe version 2.02 beta dl simon b larget software at  
corticosteroids for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis l richeldi hr davies g ferrara f franco cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
efficient checking sequences for testing finite state machines k inan h ural information and software technology 1999.0 
java object serialization specification revision 0.9 s microsystems found  
study of triaxial creep testing method and model for creep deformation on sedimentary soft rocks [ a ] k hayano m matsmoto proc . of the 29th symp . of rock mechsl ] : [ sn ] 1999  
our spin on persistent java tm : the javaspin approach a kaplan ga myrestrand jve ridgway jc wileden   
considerations and methodology for the preparation of data files jc fortune jk mcbee new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
update propagation strategies to improve data freshness in lazy master schemes e pacitti e simon vldb journal 1999.0 
â ?? the strip rule system for efficiently maintaining derived data & rdquo b adelberg h garcia-molina j widom proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . management of data  
history and multimedia technology . media corner . b mitchell-powellâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
dlfferenhal files then apphcatlon to the mamtenance of large databases d severance g l & man acm trans on database systems l ( 3 ) sept  
metrical task systems the server problem and the work function algorithm m chrobak ll larmore lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
long-term trends in the ionosphere and upper atmosphere parameters : results derived in the wp 1.5 of j bremerâ ? ¦ natl. obs . of athens spetses island greece  
performance assessment of the lead user idea-generation process for new product development gl lilien pd morrison k searls m sonnack e von management science 2002.0 
planning : the current context . jd millett new directions for higher education 1980.0 
evaluation of concurrency control strategies for mixed soft real-time database systems ky lam tw kuo b kao tsh lee r cheng   
the hot-blooded insects b heinrich  1993.0 
temporal inferences in medical texts kk obermeier proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ; 1985.0 
spruce-fir forests of eastern north america ps white cv cogbill ecological studies 1992.0 
induction of lignitication in response to fungal infection y asada t ohguchi i matsumoto see ref  
nefclass-xâ ?? a soft computing tool to build readable fuzzy classifiers d nauck r kruse bt technology journal 1998.0 
searching large lexicons for partially specified terms using compressed inverted files j zobel r sacks-davis   
packet classification algorithms for gigabit internet routers tv lakshman d stiliadis proceedings of acm  
an evaluation of processes that influence variation in abundance of a coral reef fish js shima  1999.0 
andc . mohan . functionalitiesand limitationsofcurrent workflow management systems g alonso d agrawal a elabbadi technical report ibm almaden research center 1997 . to appear  
moby : an architecture for distributed expert database systems j bein r king vldb 1987.0 
on the complementarity of workflow management and business process modeling s jablonski acm sigois bulletin 1995.0 
the mainstreetxpress 36190 : a scalable and highly reliable atm core services switch ep rathgeb computer networks 1999.0 
handbook of batteries . d linden   
using rough sets to study expert behaviour in induction of labour d parry wk yeap n pattison & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems 1998.0 
xenoantibody response of patients with severe acute liver failure exposed to porcine antigens a baquerizo a mhoyan h shirwan j swensson rw transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
sub - m-machining of metallic materials with femtosecond excimer lasers j ihlemann p simon g marowsky laseropto-stuttgart - 1999.0 
a massive repository for the national medical knowledge bank wm sterling   
h. 4 . steinmetzer and a. yekta nj two p lechtken ne shore g schuster acc . chem . res  
optimal clip ordering for multi-clip queries tn raymond s paul vldb journal  
labor shortage is real f hayes computerworld  
generalizing gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies . technicalreport l gravano h garcia-molina  1995.0 
query execution techniques for caching expensive methods jm hellerstein jf naughton sigmod conference 1996.0 
radio propagation for digital cordless telephones at 1700 mhz and 900 mhz fc owen cd pudney electronic letters 1989.0 
coral reef fishes : dynamics and diversity in a complex ecosystem : academic press pf sale san diego  
seasonal population trends of adult stable flies . misc . public . 74 entomological society of america gl greene md  
the development and enforcement of group norms dc feldman the academy of management review 1984.0 
an effective class hierarchy concurrency control technique in object-oriented database systems c villena-heinsen j konig b von tongelen ak information and software technology 1998.0 
usd | a database management system for scientific research '' video presentation at the acm sigmod int rr johnson m goldner m lee k mckay r shectman conf . on management of data san diego  
individual environmental initiative : championing natural environmental issues in us business lm andersson ts bateman academy of management journal 2000.0 
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database discovery problem . 1994 l gravano hg molina a tomasic proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
enabling dynamic content caching for database-driven web sites k selcuk ws li q luoand wp hsiung d agrawal acm sigmod conference  
1920 ( ancestry . com . indiana marriage records index 1845-1920 . provo ut : ancestry . com 2000 . i marriages electronic '' book  
parametric databases : seamless integration of spatial temporal belief and ordinary data sk gadia sigmod record 1993.0 
the triune brain emotion and scientific bias pd maclean see schmitt  
scaling replica maintenance in intermittently synchronized databases wg yee mj donahoo sb navathe proc . acm cikm  
developing and managing adult education budgets . cg ericksen new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
the role of the cio and it function in erp lp willcocks r sykes communications-acm 2000.0 
internet use by vocational education teachers in idaho jc thompson jj connors proceedings of the 25 thannual national agricultural & hellip ;  
high contention in a stock trading database : a case study p peinl a reuter h sammer proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
ayguad e e. heuristics for register-constrained software pipelining j llosa m valero proc . of the 29th annual int . symp . on microarchitecture (  
what after java ? from objects to actors ca varela g agha www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
social conflict social support and psychological distress : evidence of cross-domain buffering sj lepore journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
analysis of dopamine diffusion in the extracellular space of the retina b wichern p rujan proceedings of the 23rd goã?ttingen neurobiology conference  
fads-a forms application development systela la rowe ka shoens acm sigmod  
carbon and nitrogen compositions and physical characteristics of transition zone and lower mantle mt hutchison p cartigny jw harris proc . int . kimberlite conf. 7th  
object model in java : elements and application k saleh information & software technology 1999.0 
an auditory model based transcriber of singing sequences lp clarisse jp martens m lesaffre b de baets h   
gate matrix optimization using simulated annealing ( abstract only ) h raittinen j niittylahti k kaski oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
simulation of the impact on water of a sub-floor component and full-scale wg30 helicopter 58 thahs n pentecote a vigliotti montreal canada june  
impact of cyclosporine dose on long-term outcome after heart transplantation h valantine s hunt p gamberg j miller transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
the kinetics of capillary rise e rideal phil . mag  
flight test of arn-99 / v/2 omega navigation set in f-4 aircraft ej smith omega symposium 2 nd washington d. c proceedings 1974.0 
deadlock detection in distributed databases r culler   
i am . chem . soc . 1999 121 4982 ; g ) se denmark ra stavenger se denmark acc . chem . res  
modulation features of galactic cosmic rays in 1982 ga bazilevskaya ns svirzhevsky yi stozhkov ev proc . 21st int . cosmic ray conf 1990.0 
environmental education social studies and education reform d simmons social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
expert system stalks killers . aj ryan computerworld. 1987.0 
incremental updates of inverted lists for text retrieval a tomasic h garcia-molina k shoens proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of data minneapolis  
interpolating subdivision for meshes with arbitrary topology d zorin p schroder w sweldens proceedings of siggraph 1996.0 
an overview of good j paredaens j van den bussche m andries m gemis acm sigmod record 1992.0 
interpretation of leaching data for cementitious waste forms using analytical solutions based on rd spence hw godbee ok tallent ew mcdaniel cw international waste management conference 1991.0 
applications of the java programming language to database management bf burton vw marek sigmod record 1998.0 
design guidelines for user-friendly interface software sl smith jw mosier  1984.0 
den vakne jã $ garen : hur man engagerar alla i fã ¶ retaget i jakten pã ¥ stã $ ndiga fã ¶ rbã $ ttringar l nilsson  1999.0 
an earthworm population and activity survey of selected agronomic areas in minnesota dj fuchs dr linden unpublished manuscript  
adaptive strategy selection in decision making : the learning rule theory j rieskamp pe otto submitted for  
digitalized signature and public-key functions as intractable as factorization . report no mo rabin  1979.0 
are there two types of static gamma fusimotor neurones ia boyd mh gladden fi sutherland proc . int . congr . physiol . sci. 29th canberra australia  
engineering optimization : methods and applications gv reklaitis a ravindran km ragsdell  1983.0 
integrating social studies with reading/language arts . ja levesque social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
case : guidelines for success dn wilson information and software technology 1989.0 
redundant documents and search effectiveness y bernstein j zobel proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
user behavior analysis of location aware search engine p iko t shintani k takahashi m kitsuregawa proc . of international conference on mobile data management & hellip ;  
elementary processes in hydrogen-helium plasmas rk janevâ ? ¦  1987.0 
autoepistemic logic w marek m truszczyå?ski journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1991.0 
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us ig dufour bt technology journal 1997.0 
lfathias jp seto ct chin d. mammen m. and gordon d. m gm whitesides ee simanek jp mathias acc . chem . res  
& computational study of # ow and heat transfer characteristics of annular and vertical cavities ' . a nasr gl morrison m behnia procs of 2nd symp . on comp . mech  
bound and scattering states in the heisenberg ferromagnet jf perez & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1973.0 
ultrastructure of plant leaf tissue infected with mite-borne viral-like pathogens oe bradfute re whitmoyer lr nault 28th ann . proc . electron mierose . soe . am  
a new dual wavelength hail signal derived from differential reflectivity ( zdr ) dual polarization k aydin ta seliga vn bringi conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
videoanywhere : a system for searching and managing distributed heterogeneous video assets c bertram a sheth k shah submitted for publication  
optimal use for older donor kidneys : older recipients jm cecka pi terasaki transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
model-based validation of an intrusion-tolerant information system f stevens t courtney s singh a agbaria jf reliable distributed systems 2004 . proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ; 2004.0 
transaction processing : concepts and techniques morgan kaufmann ( september 1992 ) http://www . mkp . j gray a reuter   
high power test of a proto-type tuning-free cavity with an all-pass network t rizawa k sato h tamura m yamamotoâ ? ¦ procs . of the 11 thsymposium on accelerator science and  
advertising r & d expenditures and the market value of the firm kw chauvin m hirschey   
c 0 mmun ic ations h pdcat acc . chem . res 1990.0 
research issues in moving objects database p sistla o wolfson proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on  
managing change to btâ ?? s operational support systems m evans bt technology journal 1997.0 
personal dynamic media a kay a goldberg ieee computer  
managing web data d suciu   
the use of record linkage in longterm prospective studies in acheson e ma heasman d. ( ed ) record linkage in medicine proceedings of the  
an expressive model for comparing tree-structured data ss chawathe h garcia-molina   
acute tracheal rupture related to endotracheal intubation : case report-a sign of tracheomalacia r harris a joseph journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
facet ' - face gears in aerospace transmissions a caruso c gorla european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
952 f s zippo supp .  
alcohol use and consequences dr gerstein see ref  
e cient 3-d searching in external memory de vengro js vitter proc . 28th stoc  
doxapram versus methylxanthine for apnea in preterm infants dj henderson-smart p steer cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
gardarin g. and metais e. database design tools : an expert system approach m bouzeghoub proceedings of the 11th vldb ( stockholm sweden aug. 121 )  
van der merwe â ?? a flexible model for resource management in virtual private networksâ ?? n duffield p goyal a greenberg p mishra kk proc . acm  
a taxonomy of scientific workflow systems for grid computing j yu r buyya sigmod record 2005.0 
electrostatic precipitator modelling ( abstract only ) j hautanen m kilpelainen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
object and query transformation : supporting multi-dimensional queries through code reuse b yu r orlandic proceedings of the 2000 acm cikm international conference on & hellip ;  
database support for efficiently maintaining derived data b adelberg b kao h garcia-molina   
testing the diversity of multi version software using fault injection l chen j napier j may g hughes procs of advances in safety and reliability sarss  
deductive database system g phippc proc acn sigmod on management of data  
bibliography on object-oriented database management g vossen acm sigmod record 1991.0 
quasi-exact region-of-interest reconstruction from helical cone-beam data m defrise f noo h kudo ieee medical imaging 1999 seattle washington usa 1999.0 
moment functions in image analysis theory and applications published by world scientific in r mukundan kr ramakrishnan   
an efficient indexing technique for full-text database systems j zobel a moffat r sacks-davis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
data and knowledge base research at hong kong university of science and technology p. drew b. d lee q li f lochovsky cd shum b wuthrich sigmod record 1995.0 
engineering high performance database-driven e-commerce web sites through dynamic content caching ws li ks candan wp hsiung o po d agrawal   
abstract interpretation : a unified framework for static analysis of programs by construction of p cousot r cousot proc . fourth acm popl  
tbt in uk estuaries 1982-86 . evaluation of the environmental problem mj waldock   
the wavelengths of soft x-rays from radium b e rutherford enc andrade phil . mag  
machine-checking the java specification : proving type-safety d von oheimb t nipkow lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
ear drops for the removal of ear wax mj burton cj doree cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
operational models and processes within bt 's and concert 's isp business j meaneaux bt technology journal 2000.0 
unified management of memory and file caching using the v virtual memory system dr cheriton submitted for publication  
blogs bubble into business l rosencrance computerworld  
optimization of large join queries : proc a swami a gupta acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data pp  
the impact of employee communication and perceived external prestige on organizational a smidts   
ande . teniente . materialized view selection in a multidimensional database e baralis s paraboschi proc . of the 23rd vldb  
screening multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2a families using dna markers h sobol a salvetti c bonnardel gm lenoir   
a tableau calculus for minimal model reasoning i niemelae lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
the nu-prolog deductive database system k ramamohanarao j shepherd i balbin g port l halstead artificial intelligence series 1989.0 
estimation of raindrop axial ratios using orthogonally mounted 2 d pms precipitation probes during v chandrasekar vn bringi j vivekanandan conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
reliable network connections vc zandy bp miller proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on  
developing and applying useful financial indicators . df finn new directions for higher education 1979.0 
crooked beak of heaven b holm  1972.0 
coloured petri nets : basic concepts analysis methods and practical use k jensen  1997.0 
macro-op scheduling and execution i kim  2004.0 
a functional calculus description for real interpolation spaces of sectorial operators m haase  2004.0 
preliminary argus reference manual . program . methodol . group memo 39 b liskovâ ? ¦  1983.0 
model-checking for real-time systems kg larsen p pettersson w yi lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
the popular medicine of crete e fragaki  1978.0 
â ?? using nexrad precipitation data as input to hydrologic models . ad nicks fr scheibe proc. 28th awra annual conf . and symposium on managing & hellip ;  
human resource systems and sustained competitive advantage : a competency-based perspective aa lado mc wilson the academy of management review 1994.0 
the concept of the firm in economic geography m taylor b asheim economic geography  
learning environments and environmental education p belanger new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
selected readings from software engineering : ieee computer society press 1997 m dorfman r thayer   
concurrent maintenance of skip lists university of maryland at college park college park w pugh md  
managing total business integration m govekar procs . of the gartner symposium  
challenges rewards and costs for feminist and ethnic minority scholars p bronstein new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
on improved multiuser detection with soft decision interference cancellation a lampe j huber proc . int . conf .  
on the propagation of laminar motion through a turbulently moving inviscid liquid w thomson phil . mag  
the national medical knowledge bank w sterling proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
what theories of motivation say about why learners learn . jh mcmillan dr forsyth new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
what is new about the digital economy ? bf schmid electronic markets 2001.0 
individuell vardplanering-hur ser det vetenskapliga undelaget ut ? k asplund v alton a norberg a willman vard i norden 2000.0 
arista : knowledge engineering with scientific texts j kontos information and software technology 1992.0 
territorial competition and locational advantage in the london region ir gordon american association of geographers annual conference & hellip ;  
programming languages and databases mp atkinson vldb 1978.0 
comparison of cmos pla and polycell representations of control logic cm gerveshi proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
applying bootstrap method to simulation output analysis c rea w shiue c xu proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface . & hellip ;  
academic business affairs lm dooley new directions for higher education 2000.0 
towards a formal approach for object database design p poncelet m teisseire r cicchetti l lakhal   
amodiaquine for treating malaria p olliaro p mussano cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
sharing the costs of higher education . student financial assistance in the united kingdom the db johnstone  1986.0 
thermodynamic and kinetic analyses for understanding sequence-specific dna recognition m oda h nakamura genes to cells 2000.0 
the two cultures of environmental management c anderson proceedings of the 25 thannual environmental workshop  
duration neglect in retrospective evaluations of affective episodes bl fredrickson d kahneman journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
a subdivision scheme for smooth interpolation of quad-mesh data lp kobbelt procs of  
compiling scientific programs using partial evaluation a berlin d weise ieee computer  
principles of quality costs . ( 3 rded . ) milwaukee wisconsin : asq quality press j campanella  1999.0 
neometric forcing s fajardo hj keisler   
poplar plants through anther culture rh ho ay raj l zsuffa proc . 28th north east tree improvement conference . univ. of & hellip ;  
unfinished business s whittaker bt technology journal 2004.0 
shallow embedding of z in hol j bowen m gordon   
eternally yours at 8 bits s lawton electronic business 2002.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? effective memory use in a media server ã cents â ? ¬ â ? e chang h garcia-molina proceedings of the vldb conference  
safe areas of computation ( sac ) for secure computing alm dos santos  2000.0 
phage dna packaging h fujisawa m morita genes to cells 1997.0 
zebrafish daz-like protein controls translation via the sequence ` guuc ' s maegawa m yamashita k yasuda k inoue genes to cells 2002.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?on relaxation oscillations ã cents â ? ¬ â ? b van der pol phil .  
an improved failures model for communicating processes sd brookes aw roscoe lecture notes in computer science 1985.0 
towards event-driven modelling for database design p poncelet m teisseire r cicchetti  1994.0 
the master control gene for morphogenesis and evolution of the eye wj gehring genes to cells 1996.0 
on the intra-day performance of garch processes ' . dm guillaume ov pictet mm dacorogna olsen & associates zurich switzerland  
nilpotent cones and sheaves on k3 surfaces alg-geom/9504017 â ?? birational algebraic geometry r donagi l ein r lazarsfeld md  
object-oriented conceptual modeling for commitment-based collaboration management in virtual j lin t lin information and software technology  
an efficient collision-free protocol for prioritized access-control of cable or radio channels yi gold wr franta computer networks  
rt snodgrass a glossary of temporal database concepts cs jensen j cliord sk gadia a segev acm sigmod record  
gordon and j. luecke dehn surgeries on knots creating essential tori c mca i comm . anal . geom  
generalized time-shift covariant qtfrs with arbitrary group delays a papandreou-suppappola proc . 29th asilomar conf . signals syst .  
optimal clip ordering for multi-clip queries rt ng p shum the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
very simple method to ndthe minimal polynomial of an arbitrary non-zero element of a finite eld j gordon electronic letters  
tiny tim userâ ?? s manual version 4.0 space telescope science institute baltimore j krist md  
roussopoulos . update propagation strategies forimproving thequalityofdataonthe web a labrinidis andn the 27th international conference on very large data bases ( & hellip ;  
alleviation of tunnel entry pressure transients : 2-theoretical modelling and experimental ae vardy b dayman paper h3 . procs 3rd intl symp on the aerodynamics and & hellip ;  
modeling and performance analysis of qos-aware load balancing of web-server clusters z shan c lin dc marinescu y yang computer networks 2002.0 
international emergency medical services : assessment of developing prehospital systems abroad1 mj vanrooyen tl thomas kj clem journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
physiochemical and environmental plant physiology . 2 nded.â ?? academic press ps nobel san diego  
attitude intensity importance and certainty and susceptibility to response effects ja krosnick h schuman journal of personality and social psychology  
improving educational quality while financial strength is eroding . h smith new directions for higher education 1982.0 
predicate migration : optimizing queries with expensive predicates jm hellerstein   
the design and implementation of a parallel array operator for the arbitrary remapping of data sj deitz bl chamberlain se choi l snyder   
pit structure variation in the southwestern deserts : a view from the san simon drainage . paper pa gilman  1998.0 
trends in government endorsed security product evaluations re smith   
index concurrency control in firm real-time database systems b goyal jr haritsa s seshadri v srinivasan proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ; 1995.0 
an overview of tquel g ariav acm transactions on database systems  
juvenile hormone control of epidermal commitment in vivo and in vitro lm riddiford see ref  
medical ultrasound transducers and beamforming s holm   
an economic analysis of vegetative buffer strip implementation . case study : elkhorn slough monterey fa rein coastal management 1999.0 
parallelizing oodbms traversals : a performance evaluation dj de witt jf naughton jc shafer s venkataraman the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
join queries with external text sources : execution and optimization techniques s chaudhuri u dayal tw yan sigmod conference 1995.0 
information rules s carl hr varian  1998.0 
a case study of representational activity at a customer-centered business nv flor pp maglio   
environmental justice : environmental adult education at the confluence of oppressions rj hill new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
ber performance in wavelength packet switched wdm systems during nano-second wavelength switching a dantcha lp barry j murphy j dunne t mullane   
screening for colorectal cancer using the faecal occult blood test hemoccult bp towler l irwig p glasziou d weller j cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
theory and application of wave propagation and scattering in random media a ishimaru ieee proceedings 1977.0 
on periodically nonstationary processes li gudzenko radiotekhnika i elektronika  
managing the data resource j winkler m kahn c clark t michels proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1978.0 
groups ask ftc to investigate amazon . com 's privacy policies l rosencrance   
on forestry 1999 a no see clause  
guidance and control of ocean vehicles ti fossen   
performance analysis of three related assignment problems ct yu k lam   
quoted dialogues in kalapalo narrative discourse e basso see ref  
ã?ber die beziehung hagelfall-gebã $ udeschã $ den : fallstudie luzern-hagelsturm vom 21 juli 1998 hh schiesser r hohl w schmid  1999.0 
managing the matrix : realigning paradigms toward sustainability nd mitchell jl craig see ref  
two separate sequences of pb2 subunit constitute the rna cap-binding site of influenza virus rna a honda k mizumoto a ishihama genes to cells 1999.0 
the death of personal privacy c chaves computerworld  
applying attitude theories to the return of mailed questionnaires j mckillip new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
a new bound for the 2-edge connected subgraph problem r carr r ravi lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
local publicity and local press in greece n demertzis athens : agricultural bank of greece  
applying query structuring in cross-language retrieval d puolamaki a pirkola k jarvelin  2001.0 
one-round secure computation and secure autonomous mobile agents c cachin j camenisch j kilian j muller lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
understanding causes and generalizing about them mw lipsey lb sechrest ag scott new directions for program  
evaluation of the potential effects of sport hunting on california black bears t burton d koch d updike a brody international conference on bear research and management  
implementing macros in your help files r duncan pc magazine 1993.0 
region tracking on surfaces deforming via level-sets methods m bertalmio g sapiro g randall lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
man in | e | space . mov/motion analysis in 3d space w ka proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
monotonic complements for independent data warehouses d laurent j lechtenbã ¶ rger n spyratos g vossen the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
orthogonally persistent systems mp atkinson r morrison the vldb journal  
direct methods in the calculus of variations b dacorogna  1989.0 
science under the rising sun : weapons development and the organization of scientific research in we grunden  1998.0 
developing and maintaining contact with clients . wt vericker new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
teaching business and environmental ethics j brinkmann & hellip ; proceedings of the 23rd macromarketing conference univ. . & hellip ;  
performance of hierarchical hyper-ring multicomputers fn sibai proc . 13th acm  
the u-line balancing problem j miltenburg j wijngaard management science 1994.0 
approximation and operator scheduling in data streams s rizvi   
focusing on concepts : teaching for meaningful learning . j jarolimek social studies and the young learner 1991.0 
mutual friction in superfluid he-3 : effects of bound states in the vortex core ( abstract only ) nb kopnin mm salomaa oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
proxy categories in phrase-structure theory l nash a rouveret proceedings-nels 1997.0 
a study of d sup 0-d sup 0 mixing te browder  1988.0 
deadlock detection in multidatabase systems : a performance analysis di e sistemistica v salaria i roma   
use of iron oxide-coated media for nom sorption and particulate filtration yj chang cw li mm benjamin university of washington  
56 â ?? dosimetry of external beta rays for radiation protection â ?? international commission on i report md  
data independent recursive in deductive databases . j naughton proc . fiffh acm sigact-sigmod corf . . mar  
assessment processes and outcomes : building a folio . bg barnett p lee new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
direct diode laser welding of aerospace alloys sw williams g scott nj calder laseropto-stuttgart - 2001.0 
ruoslahti e. & pierschbacher s dedhar md  
manpower strategies for flexible organisations j atkinson personnel management  
on the use of gamma rays in low temperature calorimetry n kurti fe simon phil . mag  
heat shock response l nover  1991.0 
applying an update method to a set of receivers m andries l cabibbo j paredaens j van den acm transactions on database systems 2001.0 
bourel m genetet b fauchet r m simon idiopathic hemoch-romatosis . demonstration of recessive  
frequent expression of the cell death-inducing gene bax in reed-sternberg cells of hodgkin 's disease p brousset d benharroch s krajewski g laurent   
g. and myers hp 1970 hg liljenvall ag mathewson phil . mag  
systems i circuits iee  
the brunei reading and language acquisition project sm ng international journal of educational research 2001.0 
algorithms for acychc database schemes ym yannakakas  1981.0 
immediate and delayed effects of early intermediate and late social isolation in the rhesus monkey dl clark  1968.0 
human impacts on bear habitat use dj mattson international conference on bear research and management  
report on the 1st international symposium on the applications of constraint databases ( cdbâ ?? 04 ) b kuijpers p revesz sigmod record 2005.0 
an evaluation paradigm for cumulative impact analysis ez stakhiv environmental management 1988.0 
managing the printed circuit board design process t blain m dohler r michaelis e qureshi proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1985.0 
update propagation strategies to improve freshness in lazy master replicated databases p esther s eric vldb journal  
social justice and media . media corner . ja braunâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
the effect of bank debt on optimal capital structure sa johnson financial management 1998.0 
efficient optimistic concurrency control using loosely synchronized clocks a adya r gruber b liskov u maheshwari sigmod conference 1995.0 
no-cost ad blocking ; pac files are even better than hosts files for blocking web site ads s canter pc magazine  
fenton chemistry revisited c walling acc . chem . res  
automatic induction of rules for e-mail classification j kay e mccreath   
integrating literacy activities and social studies in the primary grades . k button d welton social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
technology in america : education c wood pc magazine  
grading students . hr pollio wl humphreys new directions for teaching and learning 1988.0 
tumor response to radiotherapy regulated by endothelial cell apoptosis m garcia-barros f paris c cordon-cardo d lyden md 1999.0 
performance analysis of carrier sense multiple access with collision detection fa tobagi vb hunt computer networks  
identifying and managing risk jm abraham new directions for higher education 1999.0 
diagnostic model-checking for real-time systems kg larsen p pettersson w yi lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
update propagation strategies to improve fresimess in lazy master replicated databases [ j ] e paeitti e simon the vldb journal  
shore : combining the best features of oodbms and file systems s team sigmod conference  
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization d quass a gupta i mumick j widom acm sigmod may  
land surface geos modeling and data assimilation strategy dao oce note oce note series on global pr houser r yang j joiner a dasilva s cohn   
expressions for batched searching of sequential and hierarchical files p palvia acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
generalizing gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies 1995 l gravano   
an application for process regulation and process control nr sripada dg fisher aj morris iee proceedings-d  
adding contracts to java with handshake a duncan u hã ¶ lzle   
master 's thesis gg pierson university of wisconsin  
uniform object generation for optimizing one-class classifiers dmj tax rpw duin journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
physical database design for data warehouses-the vis problem w labio d quass b adelberg technical report stanford university 1996 . available by  
secure real-time transaction processing b george   
the antenna theorem of optical heterodyne receivers ae siegman proc . ieee  
the extent nature and response to victimization of emergency nurses in pennsylvania bs mahoney journal of emergency nursing 1991.0 
throughfall and aquatic biogeochemistry in the anavilhanas archipelago negro river brazil s filoso  1996.0 
the depato : merchandising the west while selling japaneseness mr creighton see ref  
distribution of protein kinase c immunoreactivity in rat retina jg wood ce hart gj mazzei pr girard jf kuo the histochemical journal 1988.0 
a performance analysis of view materialization strategy e hanson proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data  
fe-ms complexes derived from ms 4 2 anions ( m = mo w ) and their possible as analogues for structural d coucouvanis acc . chem . res  
cross-cultural mentoring as a context for learning j johnson-bailey rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
organisational networks in r & d b pacitti a pearson   
a comparison ofmechanismsforimprovingmobileiphandofflatencyforendto-end tcp r hsieh a ansseneviratne proc . acm  
panoramaexcerpts : extracting and packing panoramas for video browsing y taniguchi a akutsu y tonomura   
introduction to constraint databases pz revesz  2002.0 
pediatrics and child abuse h dubowitz e newberger see ref  
reliable surface reconstruction from multiple range images a hilton aj stoddart j illingworth t windeatt lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
the sibling bond sp bank md kahn   
leckie j. o hydraql : a program for the computation of the chemical equilibrium composition of c papelis kf hayes technical report no. 306 stanford university stanford ca  
can quality survive amidst adversity ? wp burgess software quality management-international conference - 1998.0 
on optimmtic methods for concurrency control acm trans h kun j robinson database syst  
language support for lightweight transactions t harris k fraser   
managing change in higher education . jd millett new directions for higher education 1977.0 
asbestos : medical and legal aspects db castleman   
theamericanjeremiad s bercovitch  1978.0 
c-11 labelted palmitic acid for the non-invasive evaluation of regional myocardial fatty acid hr schelbert e henze hr schon r keen h hansen vivo demonstration of the effects of substrate availability & hellip ;  
ownership types and safe lazy upgrades in object-oriented databases c boyapati b liskov l shrira   
attempts for generalizing the recursive path ordering s kamin jj levy unpublished manuscript  
uimplementatron of integrrty constrarntcr and vtews by query mod $ catronâ ?? m stonebraker proceedings of the 1975 acm-sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
protocol animation based on event-driven visualization scenarios in real - time lotos k yasumoto t umedu h yamaguchi a nakata t computer networks 2002.0 
on the triangularization of an arbitrary matrix cp huang submitted for  
measurement-based admission control m grossglauser d tse proc . acm  
test case selection with or without replacement h leung th tse ft chan ty chen information and software technology  
environmental aspect assessment jf contadini cv diniz & hellip ; of the 7th international conference on management of & hellip ;  
uncertain information processing in expert systems p hajek t havranek r jirousek  1992.0 
development of a neanthes sediment bioassay for use in puget sound pti environmental services dm johns tc ginn & hellip ; for us environmental protection agency seattle washington  
storhouse metanoia : new applications for database storage & data warehousing f cariã ± o jr p kostamaa a kaufmann j burgess proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2001.0 
science for all americans gd nelson new directions for higher education 2002.0 
shore protection policy and practices in oregon : an evaluation of implementation success jw good coastal management 1994.0 
comments on sdd-1 concurrency control mechanisms g mclean acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
a new approach to pricing and hedging options with transaction costs tl lai tw lim  2002.0 
a gcncral model iâ ?? or version managcmcnt in databases p kluhold c schlagctcr w wilkes 12th vldb conference kyoto august  
uk 1997 d freshwater p people r processes   
k 4-free subgraphs of random graphs revisited s gerke hj promel t schickinger a steger a submitted for publication  
3-d seismic imaging b biondi   
unit tests mit java 2002 dpunkt . verlag j link   
a comparison of physiotherapy techniques for patients with parkinsonâ ?? s disease kh deane d jones c ellis-hill ce clarke ed cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
estimate of the attentuation of x-rays by ultradispersed media va artemâ ?? ev ni sokolovskii at .  
gloss to vectorspace databases and broker hierarchies glgmh generalizing proc . of very large database conference zurich . switzerland  
adaptive webview materialization a labrinidis n roussopoulos   
aspect : a formal specification languagefor detecting bugs d jackson mit/lcs/tr -543 mit laboratory for computer science june  
reliable computing systems b randell lecture notes in computer science 1978.0 
tissue adhesive wound repair revisited jp noordzij pa foresman gt rodeheaver jv quinn journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
ocular pharmacokinetics dm maurice s mishima pharmacology of the eye 1984.0 
proof nets garbage and computations 1996 s guerrini s martini a masini submitted for  
fads - a form application development system la rowe ka shoens sigmod conference  
two cases of methemoglobinemia from the use of topical anesthetics g carlson e negri a mcgrew b plaisier journal of emergency nursing 2003.0 
the modelling phase of jsd . jr cameron information and software technology 1988.0 
semantic segmentation of videophone image sequences pjl van beek mjt reinders b sankur jca van der proceedings of spie 1992.0 
theory h bass k algebraic new york  
tsql2 language specification a segev md soo sm sripada acm sigmod  
bronchodilators for the prevention and treatment of chronic lung disease in preterm infants gy ng a ohlsson cochrane database syst rev  
glossary b myers d maulsby watch what i do : programming by demonstration  
independent and cumulative yields of neutron-rich nuclei in symmetric fission induced by p and d on m leino pp jauho j aysto p decrock p dendooven oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
syynx solutions : practical knowledge management in a medical environment c herzog g liuzzi m diwersy proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
incomplete information in relational temporal databases sk gadia ss nair yc poon proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
line-of-sight wave propagation through the turbulent atmosphere jw strohbehn proc . ieee  
fast and robust video clip search using index structure ly duan js yuan q tian cs xu proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
a longitudinal study of magnetization transfer in multiple sclerosis gb pike n de stefano s narayanan g francis j proc int soc magn reson med  
surgery for nonarteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy k dickersin e manheimer cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
opioid switching to improve pain relief and drug tolerability c quigley cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
accelerated convergence in the inverse kinematics via multilayer feedforward networks a guez z ahmad   
the nature of a usable pki ( 1999 ) cm ellison computer  
under the spotlight : the impact of media attention on protest policing d wisler m giugni mobilization-san diego - 1999.0 
ss lam reliable group re-key : a performance analysis in yr yang xs li xb zhang proceedings of acm  
h. p1 . yeung and k. karlapalem capbased-ams : a capability-based and event-driven activity pck hung proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of  
the consensus glossary of temporal database conceptsâ ?? february 1998 version volume 1399 of lecture cs jensen ce dyreson m boehlen j clifford  1998.0 
a maximum-entropy-inspired parser e charniak proceedings of naacl 2000.0 
realm of the pygmy seahorse : an underwater photography adventure c petrinos  2001.0 
revisiting catamorphisms over datatypes with embedded functions ( or programs from outer space ) l fegaras t sheard proceedings of the 23rd acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ; 1996.0 
the 5 minute rule for trading memory for disc accesses and the 10 byte rule for trading memory for j gray f putzolu proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
a consensus glossary of temporal database concepts cs jensenâ ? ¦ sigmod record 1994.0 
andries . the brown university student operating system ds wile rg munck dam van proc . acm 22nd nat . conf  
mpi derived data types in virtus r cristaldi g iannello procs . of  
multisite evaluations in criminal justice settings : structural obstacles to success wg skogan aj lurigio new directions for program evaluation  
computer literacy : what it is why it is important . a luehrmann electronic learning  
the national context for reform gd davesâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 2002.0 
spinal trauma : new guidelines for assessment and management in the out-of-hospital environment cj mattera journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
preprints of extended abstract environmental chemistry division the 221 thacs national meeting y lan c kim b deng ec thornton san diego  
wal-mart mines for forecasts c stedman computerworld  
andj . gosling . the real-time specification for java g bollella ieee  
packet loss effects on mpeg video sent over the public internet jm boyce rd gaglianello   
designing survivable networks using effective routing and wavelength assignment ( rwa ) e modiano a narula-tam   
algebraic specification schemes for data base systems h ehrig hj kreowski vldb 1978.0 
r. krishnamurthy and mc shan . query optimization in heterogeneous dbms w du proceedings of vldb  
determining relationships among names in heterogeneous databases ct yu b jia w sun s dao sigmod record 1991.0 
integrity checking in deductive databases a oliv proceedings of the seventeenth vldb  
ventral foramen magnum meningiomas ki arnautovic o al-mefty m husain j neurosurg ( spine i ) 2000.0 
design-kit : an intelligent system for planning plant-wide process control strategies s george j james l rama lispe technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
wrong way : go back ! an exploration of novice search behaviours while conducting an information s debowski electronic library 2001.0 
an orthogonally persistent java mj jordan t prinzezis mp atkinson l daynes s sigmod record  
juvenility and plant propagation comb jr clark proc . int . plant . prop . soc  
complete geometrical query languages m gyssens j van den bussche d van gucht   
ems response at a hazardous material incident : some basic guidelines . dm plante js walker journal of emergency medicine 1989.0 
specification and verification of java bytecode subroutines and exceptions sn freund jc mitchell  1999.0 
a communication media i/o server and its synchronization mechanisms dp anderson g homsy ieee computer  
finite element simulation of the static characteristics of a vehicle rubber mount lr wang zh lu i hagiwara   
on searching transposed files ds batory acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
privacy and freedom af westin  1967.0 
the use of guidelines in interface design : practical design methods l tetzlaff dr schwartz proceedings of acm chiâ ?? & hellip ;  
the need for education in useful formal logic d gries ieee computer  
enriched multiplications on the cohomology theories en mj hopkins hr miller to  
multiple object tracking in complex scenes a cavallaro o steiger t ebrahimi proceedings of acm  
c-type cytochrome formation : chemical and biological enigmas jm stevens o daltrop jwa allen sj ferguson acc . chem . res 2004.0 
a hierarchical framework for stream habitat classification : viewing streams in a watershed context ca frissell wj liss ce warren md hurley environmental management 1986.0 
implications of cscl for problem-based learning td koschmann pj feltovich ac myers hs barrows acm sigcue outlook 1992.0 
glossary of aquatic habitat inventory terminology . american fisheries society : bethesda nb armantrout md  
update propagation strategies for improving the quality of data on the web aln roussopoulos submitted for publication 2001.0 
c and lam s. authentication for distributed systems t woo ieee computer  
quantitative measurements of preferred orientation in rolled uranium bars gb harris phil . mag  
towards event-driven modelling for database design m teisseirdl p poncelew r cicchettw   
capricorn in the 1 sthouse and antivertex in 19 aquarius in the 1 st e point juno at  
distributions of query plan costs for large join queries a swami technical report rj7908 ibm almaden research center san jose  
parity-based loss recovery for reliable multicast transmission d towsleyâ ? ¦   
towards adaptive workflow systems cscw-98 workshop proceedings m klein c dellarocas a bernstein proc . seattle washington november  
clustering high-dimensional data using an efficient and effective data space reduction r orlandic y lai wg yee proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
h. garcia-m olina and j. widom . change detection in hierarchically structured information s chawathe a rajaraman technical report dept. of computer science stanford university  
parity-based loss recovery for reliable multicast communication j nonnenmacher e biersack d towsley proc . of acm  
on the road to cultural bias . media corner . b bigelowâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
pattern-and colour-dependence of horizontal cell responses in the carp retina ki hara k fukurotani y oomura procs . of the first symposium on testing and identification  
optimization of extended database query languages t seuis l shapiro acm sigmod international conference on the management of  
coral : a deductive database programming language r ramakrishnan d srivastava s sudarshan international conference on very large data bases . morgan & hellip ;  
extramedullary fixation implants and external fixators for extracapsular hip fractures mj parker hh handoll cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
analysis of variance in experimental design hr lindman  1991.0 
metallization of bacterial surface layer by cross-beam pulsed laser deposition w pompe m mertig r kirsch aa gorbunov a sewing proceedings of spie 1996.0 
on the marriage of lp-norms and edit distance l chen r ng proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
planning concurrency and managing iteration in projects s denker d steward t browning project management journal 2001.0 
ingestion of antacid tablets ( rennie ) and acute confusion d vanpee e delgrange jb gillet j donckier journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database recovery problem l gravano h garcia-molina a tomasic proc . of the acm sigmod conference minneapolis minnesota  
testing for cointegration with transaction costs : the case of the law of one price t mastroyiannis je pippenger   
survey results of women who have been strangled while in an abusive relationship l wilbur m higley j hatfield z surprenant e journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
individual and collective processes in the construction of the self : self-enhancement in the united s kitayama hr markus h matsumoto v journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
â ?? improving round-trip estimates in reliable transport protocols p karn c partridge proceedings of acm sigcomm  
automatic extraction of motion trajectories in compressed sports videos h yi d rajan lt chia proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
evaluating effectiveness in computing centers a varanelli new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
recombinant growth hormone in children and adolescents with turner syndrome cb cave j bryant r milne cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
improving sna response time . k gell computerworld. 1982.0 
a vaccine purchase commitment : cost-effectiveness estimates and pricing guidelines . r glennerster m kremer unpublished manuscript  
an overview of the stanford real-time information processor b adelberg b kao h garcia-molina acm sigmod record  
endogenous tourist development . articulated or disarticulated tourist development pt st  1999.0 
effective assessment and institutional change cb cote m jordan new directions for higher education 2002.0 
the damped double inverted pendulum : poles zeros and symbolic controllability pj larcombe fj brufton dg sbarbaro systems science-wroclaw - 1996.0 
xsn nmr studies of biological systems k kanamori jd roberts acc . chem . res  
convexication rate in minkowski averaging processes n dyn e farkhi   
modelling human power and endurance rh morton journal of mathematical biology 1990.0 
optimal horn antenna design to excite high purity gaussian beam using overmoded waveguides r gonzalo c del rão j teniente m sorolla proc . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter  
unsteady phenomena hypersonic flows and co-operative flow visualization in aerospace research hg pagendarm   
peersdi : a peer-to-peer information dissemination system k zhao s zhou l xu w cai a zhou   
the chios gum mastic j perikos print all ltd. athens greece 95p  
abstraction mechanisms in theta m day r gruber b liskov   
sudarshan \ \ the coral deductive database system '' ibid r ramakrishnan s seshadri   
r gruber u. maheshwari a myers and l. shrira . safe and efficient sharing of persistent objects b liskov a adya m castro m day s ghe-mawat proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
london : the stationery office b pharmacopoeia   
optimistic priority-based concurrency control protocol for firm real-time database systems jh kim hs shin information & software technology  
bimodal speech recognition using lip movement measured by optical-flow analysis k iwano s tamura s furui   
time and databases g ariav j clifford m jarke sigmod conference  
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us i morphett bt technology journal 1999.0 
algebraic specification ja bergstra j heering p klint  1989.0 
modularization techniques for active rules design e baralis s ceri s paraboschi acm transactions on database systems 1996.0 
an algebraic approach to static analysis of active database rules e baralis j widom acm transactions on database systems 2000.0 
managerial effectiveness wj reddin  1970.0 
acquisition of soft taxonomies for intelligent personal hierarchies and the soft semantic web tp martin b azvine bt technology journal 2003.0 
a process-oriented scientific database model jm pratt m cohen sigmod record 1992.0 
the list_treeâ ?? an innovative solution to customer portfolio representation tj brown pl kilpatrick ita spence d crookes pj bt technology journal 2000.0 
the search for possible craters for martian meteorite alh84001 ng barlow proc . 28th lunar planet . sci . conf  
program path analysis to bound cache-related preemption delay in preemptive real-time systems h tomiyama nd dutt   
the voice of the customer : innovative and useful research directions se madnick   
behind the faã § ade of iso 9000 p burrows electronic business  
sequences of low arithmetical complexity sv avgustinovich j cassaigne ae frid   
optical microscopy studies of dynamics within individual polymer-dispersed liquid crystal droplets . da higgins je hall a xie acc . chem . res 2005.0 
a call-by-need lambda calculus . in the acm sigplan-sigact symposium on principles of programming zm ariola m felleisen j maraist m odersky p acm press new  
operads and algebraic homotopy preprin t math jr smith   
outsourcing hits human snag e horwitt computerworld  
the discursive nature of environmental conflicts : the case of the oresund link hd linnros po hallin area 2001.0 
a comparative study of mobility anchor point selection schemes in hierarchical mobile ipv6 networks s pack t kwon y choi   
a programming logic for sequential java a poetzsch-heffter p mueller lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
databases and workflow management : what is it all about ? ( panel ) a reuter s ceri j gray b salzberg g weikum proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ; 1995.0 
improved algorithms for synchronizing computer network clocks d mills ieee/acm transactions on networking ( ton ) 1995.0 
enabling . enabling dynamic content caching for database-driven web sites ks candan ws li q luo wp hsiung d agrawal acm  
a comparison of two noninvasive methods of blood pressure measurement in the triage area d jones mk engelke st brown m swanson journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
case study : scanning michelangeloâ ?? s florentine pieta f bernardini j mittleman h rushmeier acm siggraph  
an embedded system for autonomous collision avoidance and line tracking using artificial cmos retina h li s bouaziz f devos   
2 nded modern systems analysis j hoffer j george j valacich  1999.0 
write ranges : a technique for improving capture and propagation of writes in software dsms pt koch rj fowler e jul submitted for  
nulls in relational databases : revisited r kocharekar sigmod record  
replica consistency in lazy master replicated databases e pacitti p minet e simon distributed and parallel databases 2001.0 
semantic lock models in object-oriented distributed systems and deadlock resolution m roesler wa burkhard proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
a generahsed model for a temporal relational database s gadia c yeung proc. acm sigmod conj  
case study in human factors evaluation a whitefield a sutcliffe information and software technology 1992.0 
the strip rule system for efficiently maintaining derived data b adelberg h garcia-molina j widom sigmod conference 1997.0 
security and decentralised control in the sfs distributed filesystem d maziå?res masterâ ?? s thesis mit laboratory of computer science  
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database discovery problems lgh garcia-molina a tomasic i > proc . sigmod conf. < / i > acm press new york  
modeling sustainable harvest rates for grizzly bears rb harris unpublished manuscript  
the effect of argon dilution on the stability of acetylene/oxygen detonations mi radulescu hd ng jhs lee b varatharajan proceedings-combustion institute 2002.0 
s and mundy jn 1961 js dugdale phil . mag  
recent bt patents sj harris bt technology journal 2002.0 
state-level leadership for occupational education . nc harris new directions for higher education 1974.0 
the performance of three database storage structures for managing large objects portal.acm.org   
horse chestnut seed extract for chronic venous insufficiency mh pittler e ernst cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
crystal-chemistry aspect of radiation resistance of nonmetallic materials vm kosenkov sa vorobâ ?? ev at .  
optimism biases among brokerage and non-brokerage firms ' equity recommendations : agency costs in the wt carleton cr chen tl steiner financial management 1998.0 
campus environmental stewardship . dj eagan new directions for higher education 1992.0 
desrgn of an external schema faclhty to defme and process recursive structures e clemons acm trans on database systems  
implementation of logic query languages for databases j ullman acm trans . on database systems  
the use of formvar films on both sides of a section to facilitate the selected surface technique for i shore j moss the histochemical journal 1988.0 
supermon : cluster monitoring as if performance mattered mj sottile rg minnich submitted for publication  
march 30 1999 assistant district fish biologist oregon state department of fish & wildlife d harris ecology & environment inc. seattle  
modelling of chemicals in lakes-development and application of user-friendly software ( masas & m ulrich  1991.0 
assessing and improving studentsâ ?? learning strategies pr pintrich gr johnson new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
dam-break induced bank erosion : exploratory investigation and perspectives s soares frazã # o m poncin v paquier b spinewine proc . 29th iahr congress  
digital phase-locked loops move into analog territory w greer b kean electronic design  
completion of pilot wind energy survey in southern queensland cn jones td berrill po fries  1987.0 
comparative performance analysis of directed flow control for real-time sci rw todd mc chidester ad george computer networks 2001.0 
dynamic modeling and bilinear control strategies for distillation columns a benallou  1982.0 
identification of abuse in emergency departments : effectiveness of a two-question screening tool j mcfarlane l greenberg a weltge m watson journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 
the organizational and informational context of large business system integration projects rm mattison sigmod record 1987.0 
index concurrency control in firm real-time databases sr narayanan  1997.0 
a system for effective content based image retrieval ya aslandogan c thier c yu proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
proton-neutron symmetry in boson models of nuclear structure ( abstract only ) po lipas oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
looking into video frames on small displays x fan x xie hq zhou wy ma   
glopeq : a new computational tool for the phase and chemical equilibrium problem . 1994 c mcdonald c floudas   
the i750 video processor : a total multimedia solution k harney m keith g lavelle ld ryan dj stark communications of the acm 1991.0 
bagging and boosting with dynamic integration of classifiers a tsymbal s puuronen lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
comparing support vector machines with gaussian kernels to radial basis function classifiers f girosi p niyogi t poggio v vapnik   
gdl : web services security ( ws-security ) b atkinsonâ ? ¦ technical report microsoft ibm and verisign  
verifiable secret sharing as secure computation eurocryptâ ?? 95 lncs 921 r gennaro s micali  1995.0 
revealing information while preserving privacy i dinur k nissim   
query rewrite optimization rules in ibm db2 universal database ty leung h pirahesh p seshadri   
bank oneâ ?? s woes may clip wingspan t hoffman   
exploiting inheritance and structure semantics for effective clustering and buffering in an object - ee chang rh katz proceedings of the acm sigmod conference  
development of double-sided silicon strip detectors ( abstract only ) i hietanen r brenner j lindgren t tuuva k oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
loosely coupled systems : a reconceptualization jd orton ke weick the academy of management review 1990.0 
building competitive advantage by extending information systems m sullivan-trainor computerworld  
materialized view selection in a multi-dimensional datacube e baralis s paraboschi e teniente  1997.0 
short-term coping techniques for managing stress . af grasha new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
biological clocks in birds j aschoff proc . int . ornithol . congr  
home country environments corporate diversification strategies and firm performance wp wan re hoskisson academy of management journal 2003.0 
independent component analysis versus pca c jutten j herault proc . eusipco  
a conformity model of software processes r breu w huber w schwerin information & software technology  
event-driven product development : collaboration and learning e brandt   
emancipation and execution : transferring children to criminal court in capital cases kh federle wisconsin law review 1996.0 
chance and necessity in the selection of nucleic acid catalysis y li y liu rr breaker acc . chem . res  
broker design skills as a key driver in the formation of new product development networks : a d murphy a lewis r brown & hellip ; of the portland international conference on management of & hellip ;  
digital certificate fraud . m liew computerworld  
a study of shift control using the clutch pressure pattern in automatic transmission w han sj yi proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2003.0 
eflective memory we in a media server e chang h garcia-molina proceedings of the 233rd vldb conference  
modelling of local climate for prediction of road slipperiness j bogren t gustavsson physical geography  
an approximation algorithm for a file-allocation problem in a hierarchical distributed system k lam ct yu   
improving a product with usage-based testing a kouchakdjian r fietkiewicz information & software technology 2000.0 
symons > icr george p. griffith j je bennett dje ingram phil . mag  
digital ridgelet transform via rectopolar coordinate transform dl donoho  1998.0 
charge-based proportional scheduling . technical memorandum mit/lcs/tm -529 u maheshwari  1995.0 
integrating business strategy and edi gi doukidis 2nd greek edi conference athens greece may  
3 . sobolewski â ?? disk allocstion for cartesian product files on multiple-disk systems â ?? hc du acm trans . database  
chi-activated recbcd enzyme possesses 5 0â ?? 3 0 nucleolytic activity but recbc enzyme does not : dg anderson jj churchill sc kowalczykowski genes to cells 1997.0 
a kinetic study of cvd-wsix processes . * the comparison of wf / sih and wf / si h processes t saito k oshima y shimogaki y egashira h proceedings 12th international conference on c < d  
query execution strategies for caching expensive methods j hellerstein j naughton proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
formalization and verification of event-driven process chains wmp van der aalst   
the mlpq/gis constraint database pz revesz r chen p kanjamala y li y liu y proceedings of sigmod 2000  
performance evaluation of safety applications over dsrc vehicular ad hoc networks j yin t elbatt g yeung b ryu s habermas h   
self-synchronizing variable-length codes for image transmission wm lam ar reibman   
process engineering for the alliance partners c paton a goodier r mistry d williams bt technology journal 2000.0 
clozapine versus typical neuroleptic medication for schizophrenia k wahlbeck m cheine ma essaliâ ? ¦ cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
firm real-time concurrency control jr haritsa mj carey m livny & hellip ; of concurrency control mechanisms in centralized database & hellip ; 1995.0 
replica field theory for random manifolds m mezard g parisi j. phys . i ( france ) 1991.0 
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization ps seshadri s sudarshan s bhobe proc . sigmod dallas usa  
update propagation strategies for improving the quality of data on the web a labrinidis n roussopoulos vldb 2001.0 
type inference in the polymorphic relational algebra jv den bussche e waller proc . acm pods  
an elliptic system modelling the propagation of a multidimensional flame h berestycki b larrouturou pl lions jm unpublished  
stereotypic biases in social decision making and memory : testing process models of stereotype use gv bodenhausen journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
sp and beal ar 1980 s parkin phil .  
a fast version of the atros system . d llorens f casacuberta e segarra mj castro ja procs .  
541.201 ( b ) 68 fed pwc regulations reg .  
d marwood . real time groupware as a distributed system : concurrency control and its effect on the s grcenberk proc of acm conf on  
webview materialization a labrinidis n roussopoulos   
a resource class independent deadlock detection algorithm c beeri r obermarck vldb  
dopamine for prevention of morbidity and mortality in term newborn infants with suspected perinatal r hunt d osborn cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
cultural norms affect oral communication in the classroom e johnson new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
fast algorithms for maintaining replica consistency in lazy master replicated databases e pacitti p minet e simon vldb 1999.0 
on non-z ( mod k ) dominating sets y caro ms jacobson   
5.0 documentation . component tools guide v basic  1997.0 
the culture of narcissism c lasch   
towards adaptive workflow systems : cscw-98 workshop report a bernstein c dellarocas m klein acm siggroup bulletin 1999.0 
inverted files versus signature files for text indexing j zobel a moffat k ramamohanarao acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 
multiple implementation of a type clu design note 53 b liskov  1975.0 
effect of resource contention on distributed database systems k lam s hung information and software technology 1993.0 
02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 1999 ma cambridge   
implementation of web-based event-driven activity execution in capbased-ams pck hung k karlapalem   
biochemical tests ibr the identification of medical bacteria . williams and witkins baltimore jf mcfaddin md  
osteosarcoma from intravenous beryllium compounds in rabbits lu gardner hf heslington fed proc  
modelling market-based decentralised management systems pj kearney w merlat bt technology journal 1999.0 
the real costs of pcs p strassman   
introduction to thermodynamics of irreversible processes . i prigogine   
strip speed measurement using distributed infra-red detectors em deeley   
toward completeness of temporal databases sk gadia unpublished  
floridaâ ?? s bicycle helmet law and a bicycle safety educational program : did they help st borglund js hayes jm eckes journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
clinical gynecologic endocrinology and infertility 3rd ed. williams and wilkins baltimore l speroff rh glass ng kase md  
program analysis via graph reachability . information and software technology t reps information and software  
amygdala and the memory of reward d gaffan see aggleton  
outsourcing ? forget all the expertsâ ?? buzzwords t hoffman computerworld  
implications of an aging faculty for the quality of higher education and academic careers . lk george i winfield-laird new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
automatic detection of mesocyclonic shear test results ds zrnic dw burgess y gal-chen conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
wireless access c fenton b nigeon b willis j harris bt technology journal 2000.0 
dourish p. re-place-ing space : the roles of place and space in collaborative systems s harrison proc . acm cscw  
zissimopoulos and mv koutras ( 2001 ) fault tree analysis via set cover model sv tsitmidelis eurogen 2001 athens  
short course antibiotics for acute otitis media al kozyrskyj ge hildes-ripstein se longstaffe cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
effective single-group diffusion coefficient of neutrons in reactor lattices ni laletin vf boyarinov at .  
expert system for sroot p muha   
notes on ddts : an apparatus for experimental research in distributed database management systems r elmasri c devor s rahimi acm sigmod record 1981.0 
musical rhetoric in the multi-voice chansons of josquin des prez and his contemporaries ( c. 1500 - v koutsobina  2004.0 
an orthogonally persistent java acm sigmod record 25 4 mp atkinson l daynes mj jordan t printezis s   
evaluation of signature files as set access facilitiesin oodbs y ishikawa h kitagawa n ohbo proc . of acm sigmod international conf . on management of  
semantic grammar : an engineering technique for constructing natural language understanding systems . rr burton acm sigart bulletin 1977.0 
the true cramer-rao bound for timing recovery from a bandlimited linearly modulated wafeform n noels h steendam m moeneclaey proceedings icc2002 new york paper  
cable tv technology for local access st jewell jj patmore kd stalley r mudhar bt technology journal 1998.0 
the consensus glossary of temporal database concepts-february 1998 version cs jensen ce dyreson   
ps-algol : an algol with a persistent heap mp atkinson kj chisholm wp cockshott acm sigplan  
application of system identification techniques to modelling a turbogenerator e swidenbank   
low-flux spatial structures of mev protons at 1â ?? 10 au during quiet-time periods k kecskemety yi logachev m zeldovich proc . 28th intern . cosmic ray conf  
conditioning technique for multiinput multioutput processes with input saturation ks walgama   
the concept of error in a database : an application of temporal databases g bhargava sk gadia   
one-sided recursions jf naughton proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
an introduction to disk drive modelling crj wilkes ieee computer  
domino : databases for moving objects tracking owp sistla bxjzs chamberlain   
analys i flera variabler lc bã ¶ iers a person   
automatic tcp buffering tuning j semke j mahdavi m mathis proceedings of acm sigcomm 1998  
the aegis processor architecture for tamper-evident and tamper-resistant processingâ '' rapport ge suh d clarke b gassend m van dijk s devadas mit laboratory for computer  
active data hiding for secure electronic media distribution h yu a gelman r fish proceedings acm  
variable structure control : a survey ieee t-indust jy hung w gao jc hung  1993.0 
police policed with data mining engines l mearian l rosencrance computerworld  
assessing the effectiveness of social programs : methodological and conceptual issues l sechrest we yeaton new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
propagation in corrugated waveguides gh bryant proc . iee  
innovative firm behavior and local milieu : exploring the intersection of agglomeration firm effects b harrison mr kelley j gant economic geography 1996.0 
cellular and molecular bases of biological clocks ln edmunds  1988.0 
plsa-based image auto-annotation : constraining the latent space f monay d gatica-perez proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
algebraic surface design with hermite interpolation cl bajaj i ihm acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 1992.0 
capbased-ams : a capability-based and event-driven activity management system pck hung hp yeung k karlapalem proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1996.0 
interpolation and sat-based model checking kl mcmillan lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
change detection in hierarchically structured information . available by anonymous ftp from db s chawathe a rajaraman h garcia-molina j widom  1995.0 
priority assignment in distributed real-time databases using optimistic concurrency control ky lam vcs lee sl hung bcm kao   
15-17 1999 piscataway nj : ieee s germany   
neyman-pearson detection with distributed sensors proc . 25th ieee conf . iy hoballah pk varshney  1986.0 
using assessment data to improve teaching . pj gray new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
wildlife-habitat relationships : concepts and applications ml morrison bg marcot rw mannan  1992.0 
concurrency control hjrr index ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering  
value-added education : a president 's perspective . lm thor new directions for higher education 1994.0 
optimal shape design for elliptic equations via bie-methods k eppler applied mathematics and computer science 2000.0 
algebraic k-theory of local number fields : the unramified case m bokstedt i madsen to  
fast and reliable collision detection using graphics hardware n govindaraju m lin d manocha proc . of acm vrst  
time-it : the time integrated testbed version 1.1 d gao n kline md soo j dunn  2002.0 
matos 87 g. ã?zsoyoä?lu zm ã?zsoyoä?lu v. matos extending relational algebra and relational o ozsoyoglu acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
cautious transaction schedulers with admission control n katoh t ibaraki t kameda acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
a model of associative memory k nakano j nagumo iyodenshi to seitai kogaku 1972.0 
join queries with externaltext sources : executionand optimization techniques s chaudhuri u dayal t yan proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conferenceon managementof  
axiom : the scientific computation system rd jenks rs sutor  1992.0 
deadlock freedom hf korth acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
a displacement approach to the analysis for seismically induced torsion in buildings e lumantarna ntk lam jl wilson procs . of the australian earthquake engineering society & hellip ;  
on herpetic inflammations of the geniculate ganglion : a new syndrome and its complications jr hunt  1907.0 
towards usability guidelines for multimedia systems m bearne s jones j sapsford-francis proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
scottshenker and lixia zhang â ?? macaw : a media acess protocolforwireless lans â ?? ad vaduvurbharghavan proceedings of acm sigcomm  
old pharmaceutical vessels a diamondopoulos m marsellos athens medical society athens  
architectural considerations for a new generation of protocols d tennenhouse d clark proc . acm  
cohomology of sheaves b iversen  1986.0 
soft toys with computer hearts : personal storytelling environments . m umaschi proceedings of acm sigchi  
the locked medicine cabinet : hmong health care in america es kirton  1985.0 
effective web instruction : handbook for an inquiry-based process t frick e boling unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
performance analysis of hierarchical reliable multicast a markopoulou f tobagi proc . of acm  
server isa nebezpeã ¨ nã 1/2 computerworld  
what is the formal methods debate about a hall ieee computer  
stock splits and information : the role of share price rm conroy rs harris financial management 1999.0 
surgery for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia pl martin-hirsch e paraskevaidis h kitchener cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
norms rather than leadership : how to manage vanishing resource and inequity c von borgstede unpublished manuscript  
international study for outstanding students : a case study m gage new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
object-oriented concepts databases and applications w kim fh lochovsky  1989.0 
designing development rules for artificial evolution ag rust r adams s george h bolouri   
external cephalic version facilitation for breech presentation at term gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
on the dilatancy of media composed of rigid particles in contact . with experimental illustrations o reynolds phil . mag  
on optimistic methods for concurrency control ht king jt robinson very large data bases 1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ; 1979.0 
source-location privacy in energy-constrained sensor network routing c ozturk y zhang w trappe   
s. 162 ff. ; ebenso jakobs b hake   
a sequential algorithm for training classifiers dd lewis wa gale proceedings of acm  
software system safety ng leveson proceedings 1985.0 
tension hydrothorax due to ventriculopleural shunting-a useful alternative c beachâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
ozone depletion rates in the late winter/early spring arctic and antarctic stratosphere according to e kyro p taalas oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
exceptions to constraints in databases : live and learn a borgida w williamson proceedings of the llth vldb conference  
propagation of an elliptic gaussian laser beam in a medium with saturable nonlinearity s konar a sengupta   
computing facts in non-horn deductive systems el lozinskii vldb 1988.0 
recognizing userâ ?? s context from wearable sensors : baseline system k mase b clarkson a pentland technical report massachusetts institute of technology media  
secure reliable transacted ; innovation in web services architecture m gudgin proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
supporting knowledge-intensive processes with workflow management systems t goesmann m hoffmann verteiltes arbeiten-arbeit der zukunft . proceedings of d - & hellip ;  
evaluation of combinatorial file orgenization schemes h ikeda vldb 1977.0 
conservation of symmetry at v ds = 0 for reliable analog simulations t yoshida m miura-mattausch h ueno hj mattausch submitted for  
on statistical hypotheses testing via simulation method b dimitrov d green jr v rykov p stanchev   
peer responses to low performers : an attributional model of helping in the context of groups ja lepine l van dyne academy of management review 2001.0 
acceptable probability and the scale of a serious accident at a nuclear power plant ea ivanov lp khamâ ?? yanov at .  
irrigating fluids and their absorption and exceretion during transurethral resection of the prostate po madsen university of  
the coral deductive database system . acms anthology p edition   
netcash : a design for practical electronic currency on the intemet g medvinsky bc neuman proceedings of acm conference on computer and communication & hellip ; 1993.0 
urbansim reference guide : beta version p waddell university of washington seattle  
alacritech 100x4 quad-port server adapter : a nic in time ... kj bannan r schenk pc magazine april  
an upper bound for the maximum cut mean value a bertoni p campadelli r posenato proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ; 1997.0 
effects of cyclic nucleotides and intracellular ca on voltage-activated ciliary beating in y nakaoka h machemer journal of comparative physiology a : sensory neural and & hellip ; 1990.0 
an approach to standardizing computer systems e morenoff jb mclean   
integrating reliable memory in databases wt ng pm chen the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
jamila b bhushan & hellip ; metalware . bombay : all india handicrafts board ministry of & hellip ;  
heat transfer and flow characteristics in conductive porous media with energy generation . wu choudhury  1968.0 
garc ä ± a-molina h. and tomasic a. 1994 . the effectiveness of gloss for the text database l gravano proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference  
drawing from data . g burton social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
managing semantic heterogeneity wiht production rules and persistent queries s ceri j widom proc . of the 19th vldb  
computers are n't pulling their weight er berndt cj morrison computerworld  
managing change in mandatory adoption situations ap massey m montoya-weiss sa brown   
knowledge engineering research in petrophysics in shell p van der pas ljb homan procs . second international expert system conference  
the 2001 trading agent competition mp wellman electronic markets 2003.0 
the development and testing of an evaluation instrument for assessing the effectiveness of a child a downer seattle washington state  
investigations on butterfly fe/s cluster s-centered anions ( mu-s - ) 2fe2 ( co ) 6 ( mu-s - ) ( mu-rs ) fe2 ( lc song acc chem res 2005.0 
interventions for preventing oral mucositis for patients with cancer receiving treatment je clarkson hv worthington ob eden cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
main schema-external schema interaction in hierarchically organized data bases ag dale nb dale   
efficient garbage collection for large object-oriented databases bh liskov  1996.0 
soft typing r cartwright m fagan   
space optimization in deductive databases a baltrunas d srivastava s sudarshan r acm transactions on database systems 1995.0 
the deadlock problem : an overview ss isloor ta marsland   
le rã ´ le ã © purateur dâ ?? une zone humide renforcã © e : la dynamique de lâ ?? azote p merot g dutin proceedings journã © e national dâ ?? etude des sols orlã © ans & hellip ;  
ownership types for safe region-based memory management in real-time java c boyapati a salcianu m rinard   
rule execution testing and action execution in ariel en hanson proceedings of  
storhouse metanoiaâ ?? new applications for database f carino p kostamaa a kaufmann j burgess storage & data warehousing acm sigmod usa  
clinical review 73 medical treatment of androgen-dependent hirsutism rs rittmaster md 1995.0 
languages for end users . l harris computerworld. 1985.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å ? parity-based loss recovery for reliable multicast transmissionã cents â ? ¬ â ? j nonnenmacher e biersack d towsley proc acm sigcomm  
a mathematical modeling approach to the automatic selection of database designs st march dg severance   
aspect and aktionsart in child mandarin l ping unpublished manuscript  
querying continuous time sequences l lin t risch proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
timeline of computer history b carlson a burgess c miller ieee computer  
legal education and entry into the legal profession : the role of race gender and educational debt la kornhauser rl revesz new york university law review 1995.0 
adaptive navigation in real autonomous agents d lambrinos  1995.0 
comparaison de smllr et de smap pour une adaptation au locuteur en utilisant des modã ¨ les f lauri i illina d fohr proceedings of the xxivã ¨ mes journã © es d &#39; etude sur la parole  
in control of motion : from molecular switches to molecular motors cm switches acc . chem . res 2001.0 
dynamic voting algorithms for maintaining the consistency of a replicated database s jajodia d mutchler acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
g. weikum . the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database disk buffering on ej on pe  1993.0 
the c-hã ? ã?ã?o hydrogen bond in crystals : what is it gr desiraju acc . chem . res  
evaluation of trends in runoff in the western united states : managing water resources during global kl wahl proc . american water resources association 28th annual conf . & hellip ;  
routine ultrasound in late pregnancy ( after 24 weeks gestation ) l bricker jp neilson cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
coping with java programming stress jva rt jm bieman ieee computer  
hodfa : an architectural framework for homogenizing heterogeneous legacy databases cw bay hk kowloon sigmod record 1995.0 
fixed-point query languages for linear constraint databases s kreutzer   
does nyse listing affect firm visibility ? hk baker ge powell dg weaver   
specification of techniques for handling exceptions with petri nets a oberweis automatisierungstechnikâ ?? at  
the bank of greece model of the greek economy n garganas  1992.0 
outsourcing proves itself a useful business tool-no fad . n margolis computerworld  
j. widom change detection in hierarchically structured information s chawathe a rajaraman h garcia-molina proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
azathioprine for maintaining remission of crohn 's disease dc pearson gr may g fick lr sutherland cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
synchronizing oscillators in mesh-connected networks ga pratt j nguyen preparation . mit laboratory for computer  
overview of plasma aerodynamic research at kju/apl dm van wie kr la-mattes lr giossman dd gauthier proceedings of the 2â ?? d workshop on the applications of & hellip ;  
exceptions to the rule : the implementation of 24-month time-limit extensions in w-2 s gooden fc doolittle   
performance of b-tree concurrency algorithms v srinivasan mj carey sigmod conference  
building hierarchical classifiers using class proximity k wang s zhou sc liew vldb 1999.0 
the efficiency of gloss for the text database discovery problem l gravano h garcia-molina a tomasic  1993.0 
retrieval using ordered lists in inverted and multilist files jw welch jw graham proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1976.0 
two new imaging techniques promise to improve ic defect identification c ajluni electronic design  
zenith system for object management in distributed multimedia design environments . z kemp e oxborrow m davy p linington r thearle information and software  
query optimization in heterogeneous databases w du r krishnamurthy m shan proc . vldb conference vancouver  
pacific telesis head turns over firm to hand-picked heir . cw ross san diego  
supporting telecom business processes by means of workflow management and federated databases w nijenhuis w jonker p grefen   
lambda-db : an odmg-based object-oriented dbms l fegaras c srinivasan a rajendran d maier   
parallel mining algorithms for generalized association rules with classification t shintani m kitsuregawa proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
querying the uncertain position of moving objects ap sistla o wolfson s chamberlain s dao lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
dynamic metrics for java b dufour k driesen l hendren c verbrugge   
empirical models for indoor propagation in ctu prague buildings p pechac m klepal radioengineering-prague - 2000.0 
p3p and the privacy legislation in germany : can p3p help to protect privacy worldwide r grimm a rossnagel   
r impagliazzo using the groebner basis algorithm to ndproofs of unsatisability in proceedings of the m clegg j edmonds transversal calculus . in proc . of the 29th stoc  
the collisions of particles with hydrogen nuclei j chadwick es bieler phil . mag  
analysiso fth e premature structural failures in static tested aircraft ls jablecki dissertation 1955 die eidgenossische technische hochschule  
the circular microstrip antenna element ag derneryd proc . int . conf . antennas propagation  
a user challenges value of subsecond response time lj kosmatka computerworld  
numerical calculations of wave propagation in tokamak plasmas ( abstract only ) s sipila s karttunen t pattikangas r salomaa oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
secure computation ( chapters 1-3 ) s micali p rogaway laboratory for computer science  
pediatric death : managing the aftermath in the emergency department w ahrens r hart n maruyama journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
stack allocating objects in java b steengard d gay microsoft research technical report october  
an update propagation method based on the tree of replicas in partially replicated databases km liewâ ? ¦   
efficient 3-d range searching in external memory j vitter   
serverâ ?? s advantage j clyman pc magazine  
logic programming with costs vw marek m truszczynski unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
dynamic load balancing for parallel association rule mining on heterogeneous pc cluster system m kitsuregawa t tamura proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;  
blood flow in simple microchannels w chang d trebotich lp lee d liepmann see ref 2000.0 
multhocal motor neuropathy : response to human immune globulin v chaudhry m corse rw kuncl b drachman l   
important skills for taiwanese hospitality and tourism graduates as perceived by hospitality yw lu  1999.0 
effectiveness of octreotide in a case of refractory sulfonylurea-induced hypoglycemia rs green w palatnick journal of emergency medicine 2003.0 
case study of electronic banking at meridian bancorp rj kauffman rd banker information and software technology 1991.0 
â ?? de-noising via soft-thresholding dld don0921 technical report dept. statistics stanford university 37p. 921.0 
the constitutive rule revisited f hindriks procs . of 3rd conference on collective intentionality  
safe lazy software upgrades in object-oriented databases b liskov c moh s richman l shrira y cheung c   
secure transaction processing in real-time database systems b george j haritsa proc . of acm sigmod conf may  
hector : a hierarchically structured shared-memory multiprocessor zg vranesic m stumm dm lewis r white   
tracking the best expert ii m herbster unpublished manuscript  
logical design of relational database schemes ly yuan zm ozsoyoglu   
strategy follows structure : the missing link of their intertwined relation rm burton aj kuhn unpublished manuscript  
fm-cw doppler radar signal processing for precipitation measurements lp ligthart lr nieuwkerk js van sinttruijen conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
meta-stable memory in an artificial immune network m neal lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
event-driven architecture poised for wide adoption c sliwa computerworld  
compiled-directed data prefetching in multiprocessors with memory hierarchy eh gornish ed granston av veidenbaum procs . of 17th isca  
epr of carbonate derived radicals : applications in dosimetry dating and detection of irradiated f callens g vanhaelewyn p matthys e boesman applied magnetic resonance 1998.0 
making deductive databases a practical technology : a step forward portal.acm.org   
defining and translating a â ?? safeâ ?? subset of simulink/stateflow into lustre n scaife c sofronis p caspi s tripakis f proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
modelling of lakes entrance mj mcmaster dg provis rb grayson a mccowan   
database abstractions views and updates in rigel la rowe ka shoens proc acm sigmod conf manage data boston mass. usa  
improving access to environmental data using context information a tomasic e simon sigmod record 1997.0 
database desiqn tools m bouzeghoub g gardarin e metals an expert system approach proceedings of the vldb & hellip ;  
a robot implementation of a biologically inspired method ofr novelty detection p crook g hayes procs . of towards intelligent mobile robots  
task allocation in a distributed system j hine t holzer procs . of  
the liability of colleges and universities for fraud waste and abuse in federally funded grants sd gordon new directions for higher education 1996.0 
a simulation study of the eurotransplant liver allocation procedureâ ?? master thesis m bogers technical university delft  
panoramic image mosaicing hy shum r szeliski technical report msr-tr-97-23 microsoft research september  
differential phase shift ( ( for radar propagation in rain ) ) ar jameson conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
storage service providers : a solution for storage management ? b ozden e gabber b hillyer wt ng e shriver dj proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
towards adaptive workflow systems a bernstein c dellarocas m klein   
computing parametrizations of rational algebraic curves m van hoeij   
independent component analisis of magnetoencephalography data m bucolo l fortuna n frasca m la rosa ds proceedings 23rd embc  
on the use of optimistic methods for concurrency control in distributed system s ceri s owicki proc . 6th int . conf . on distributed data management and & hellip ;  
10ã ? â ?? human-machine symbiosis d roy bt technology journal 2004.0 
highly-available distributed services and fault-tolerant distributed garbage collection . programming b liskov r ladin  1986.0 
workflow redesign through consolidation in information-intensive business processes r dewan a seidmann   
the importance of being earnest s caudron electronic business  
bed rest in singleton pregnancies for preventing preterm birth c sosa f althabe j belizan e bergel cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
computing facts in non-horn deductive systems e lozinski proc of vldb  
violence in society war in the world . media corner . gt alterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
image-based modeling and rendering with geometric proxy amk siu rwh lau proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the best policy is missing deadlines-sometimes pj meilir computerworld  
safe and efficient sharing of persistent objects in thor b liskov a adya m castro s ghemawat r gruber sigmod conference 1996.0 
on digital signature and public key cryptographic rl rivest a shamir lm adleman mit laboratory for computer science technical report mit/lcs /  
the state of research on university teaching effectiveness . jg donald new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
combining constraint solving and symbolic model checking for a class of systems with non-linear w chan r anderson p beame d notkin lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
caring and paying : what fathers and mothers say about child support . ff furstenbergâ ? ¦  1992.0 
processing queries over rdf views of wrapped relational databases j petrini t risch   
a measure of trading model performance with a risk component mm dacorogna ua muller ov pictet   
managing structure in bits & pieces : the killer use case for xml e sedlar proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
concepts in care . consensus conference on the use of aerosolized antibiotics in cystic fibrosis cf foundation md  
evaluation utilization revisited mf smith new directions for program evaluation 1988.0 
proxy prex caching for multimedia streams s subhabrata j rexford d towsley cmpsci technical report 98-27 university of massachusetts  
late unstable wares plague is projects w brandel computerworld  
mccanne . amodel analysis and protocol framework for soft state-based communication s ramanands proc . of acm  
cabergoline versus bromocriptine for levodopa-induced complications in parkinsonâ ?? s disease ce clarke kd deane cochrane database syst . rev 2001.0 
the ecology of fishes on coral reefs : academic press pf sale san diego ca  
ã ¬ improving round-trip time estimates in reliable transport protocolsã ® p karn c partridge acm sigcomm proceedings  
bank of america case study : the information currency advantage f carino m jahnke vldb 1998.0 
measurement program success factors revisited f niessink h vliet information & software technology 2001.0 
schrodinger operators hl cycon rg froese w kirsch b simon  1987.0 
on the performance of object clustering techniques mm tsangaris jf naughton   
inserting and deleting records in blocked sequential files de willard submitted for  
derived relations : a unified mechanism for views snapshots and distributed data me adiba vldb 1981.0 
modular program construction using abstractions computation structures group memo 184 b liskov  1979.0 
technical opinion barriers to effective use of knowledge management systems in software engineering kc desouza communications-acm 2003.0 
eutrophication of lakes and reservoirs in the united kingdom : causes effects and controls t harris geography  
good : agraph-oriented object database system m gemis j paredaens i thyssens   
managing risk e greenberg pc magazine  
the map of neuronal signal substances in flatworms mks gustafsson m reuter proc . int . conf . neurobiol goa india  
is service priority useful in networks l braslau s shenker proceedings of acm sigmetrics  
database model integration using the structural model '' r elmasri g wiederhold proceedings of the the acm-sigmod  
programming distributed applications with com and microsoft visual basic 6.0 t pattison  1998.0 
feverfew for preventing migraine mh pittler e ernst cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
mechanical analysis of kicking e roberts a metcalfe biomechanics i  
tree queries a simple class of queries n goodman o snmueli acm trans . database syst  
induction of irf-3 / -7 kinase and nf-kappab in response to double-stranded rna and virus infection : t iwamura m yoneyama k yamaguchi w suhara w genes to cells 2001.0 
workflow management through distributed and persistent corba workflow objects m weske lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
an observation on database buffering performance metrics rb hagmann vldb 1986.0 
chapter 2 : models modelling and the design of the study s ransdell c hawkins r adams international journal of educational research  
agency costs and the oversight of charitable organizations ga manne wisconsin law review 1999.0 
fabrication of cdznte strip detectors for large area arrays cm stahle zq shi k hu sd barthelmy sj proc . spie 1997.0 
corporate social responsibility and firm financial performance jb mcguire a sundgren t schneeweis the academy of management journal 1988.0 
uniform microporous biomaterials prepared from marine skeletal precursors ra white e shors ew white proc int coral reef syrup  
non-latex versus latex male condoms for contraception mf gallo da grimes kf schulz cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
an extended duration calculus for hybrid real-time systems z chaochen ap ravn mr hansen lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
tetrahedron lett bm trost e keinan submitted for  
pairwise comparison of hypotheses in evolutionary learning k krawiec   
optimal dynamic allocation in cellular systems s jordan a khan submitted for publication  
deadlock removal using partial rollback in database systems ds fussell zm kedem a silberschatz   
using java for multimedia collaborative applications h abdel-wahab b kvande s nanjangud o kim jp   
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us a mccormack bt technology journal 2005.0 
tannenhousedl . architectural consideration for a new generation of protocols dd clark proc acm  
mgs : a multigrained shared memory system '' d yeung j kubiatowicz a agarwal proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on computer & hellip ;  
tabular constraint-satisfaction problems and answer-set programming r finkel vw marek m truszczynski   
database research at ut arlington ( itlab @ cse . uta ) s chakravarthy a aslandogan r elmasri l fegaras sigmod record 2003.0 
fire and vegetation management plan providence landing vandenberg village california . prepared k burton e gevirtz inc. santa barbara california  
analysis of index-sequential files with overflow chaining pã ? larson acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1981.0 
islamic resurgence and neoliberal economic reforms in west asia g pant international studies-bombay then new delhi - 2001.0 
deformation and volcanism in western turkey and the aegean d mckenzie y yilmaz bull . technical university of istanbul  
game state and event distribution using proxy technology and application layer multicast kh vik proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
automatic induction of rules for classification j kay e mccreath & hellip ; of the workshop on machine learning for user modelling & hellip ;  
charge-based proportional scheduling . technical memorandum u maheshwari mit/lcs/tm { 529 laboratory for computer science massachusetts  
effortfulness and flexibility of dispositional judgment processes y trope t alfieri journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
foto-en filmencyclopedie e focus   
aging of copperâ ?? nickelâ ?? cobaltâ ?? manganite ntc thermistorsâ ?? o mrooz i hadzaman m vakiv o shpotyuk j plewa   
z glossary jp bowen information and software technology  
markerless tracking using planar structures in the scene g simon a fitzgibbon a zisserman   
pasp j patterson j thorstensen j kemp l jensen t  2000.0 
holiday videos . media corner . ja braun w benensonâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
using linear classifiers in the integration of user modeling and text content analysis in the ad esteban mjm lopez m de buenaga rodriguez jmg   
histochemical analysis of rat testicular glycoconjugates . 1 . subsets of n-linked saccharides in cjp jones ca morrison rw stoddart the histochemical journal 1992.0 
statistical comparison and evaluation of pilot protection schemes eo schweitzer iii jj kumm   
business development in it-dependent organisations t nordstrã ¶ m m sã ¶ derstrã ¶ m o hanseth   
nonverbal affect responses to male and female leaders : implications for leadership evaluations d butler fl geis journal of personality and social psychology  
development of a mems microsystem to study the effect of mechanical tension on cerebral cortex g lin vi wu re hainley la flanagan es monuki   
exploiting inheritance and structure semantics for effective clustering in an object-oriented e chang r katz proceedings acm sigmod pages  
interface segregation and related processes in materials j nowotny  1991.0 
developing and applying the study of comparative cultures . jl barth social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
dual-pumping schemes for efficient thulium-doped tellurite fiber amplifiers a cucinotta f poli s selleri proc . 29th eur . conf . optical  
opencorba : a reflective open broker t ledouxâ ? ¦ lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
mash1 promotes neuronal differentiation in the retina k tomita s nakanishi f guillemot r kageyama genes to cells 1996.0 
exploitation exploration and process management : the productivity dilemma revisited mj benner ml tushman   
hla and congenital adrenal hyperplasia linkage confirmed da price pt klouda r harris lancet i  
antidepressants for depression in medical illness d gill s hatcher cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
editors . a glossary of temporal database concepts cs jensen j cliord r elmasri sk gadia p hayes acm sigmod  
quantum inverse scattering method correlation functions and algebraic bethe ansatz ve korepin ag izergin nm bogoliubov cambridge to appear in  
astron . & astrophys d villani s di serego alighieri  1998.0 
component image and factor analysis of tests of intellect and of motor performance cw harris mr liba  1965.0 
safe passage . k bannan pc magazine  
tumours of the jaws in the eastern cape . t perl proc int acad oral pathol 1969.0 
micro-organisms of cheese brine e litopoulou-tzanetaki  1984.0 
diversity among disciplines : the same goals for all ? . js stark lr lattuca new directions for higher education 1994.0 
an evaluation of evolved term-weighting schemes in information retrieval r cummins coâ ?? riordan proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
uml class diagrams revisited in the context of agent-based systems b bauer lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
capbased-ams - a framework for capability-based and event-driven activity management system k karlapalem hp yeung pck hung   
korostynska 0. and harris j. â ?? yradiation dosimetry using screen printed nickel oxide thick k arshak proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;  
panel on time and databases g ariav j clifford m jarke proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
probiotics for treating infectious diarrhoea sj allen b okoko e martinez g gregorio lf dans cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
change detection in hierarchically structured information ss chawathe a rajaraman h garcia-molina j widom sigmod conference 1996.0 
experimental comparison of face/non-face classifiers e hjelmas i farup procs . of the third international conference on audio-and & hellip ;  
expresso brews up java apps f hayes computerworld  
northwest productivity takes off with imaging . e booker computerworld. 1991.0 
the purpose of human resource development is to improve organizational performance ra swanson de arnold new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
buffer management based on return on consumption in a multi-query environment ps yu dw cornell the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
azathioprine for treating rheumatoid arthritis me suarez-almazor c spooner e belseck cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
coupled hydro-mechanical instabilities in porous media m stavropoulou  1996.0 
examples for the algorithmic calculation of formal puisieux laurent and power series w koepf acm sigsam bulletin 1993.0 
context effects in communication m manis journal of personality and social psychology 1967.0 
html & xml for beginners m morrison  2001.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : mf boyle ma eilers rl hunt j krohmer gc journal of emergency medicine 1990.0 
savage inequalities : children in americaâ ?? s schools j kozol   
programs for tas in the context of campus policies and priorities r smock rj menges new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
medical management of ectopic pregnancy-the role of methotrexate ds ander kr ward journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
characteristic errors in programming jd gannon proceedings of acm national conference  
schwangerschaftsinfektionen bei systematischen schizophrenien und zykloiden psychosen g stã ¶ ber i kocher e franzek h beckmann  1996.0 
methods of external exposure dosimetry and their application dsc thesis f spurny czech technical university prague  
on frege and extended frege proof systems j krajicek to  
visualising action contracts in object-oriented modelling s kent j gil iee proceedings software 1998.0 
browsing the mobile internet l george ieee computer  
planning for the 1980 s : the context . h howeâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1980.0 
non-smoothness in the asymptotics of thin shells and propagation of singularities . a hyperbolic case p karamian j sanchez-hubert e sanchez-palencia applied mathematics and computer science 2002.0 
l evy j.-j . 1996 . analysis and caching of dependencies m abadi b lampson proceedings of the 1996 acm sigplan international conference  
role of strategic planning in engineering management k krishen   
imperative lambda calculus revisited h yang us reddy   
active learning and its use in computer science jj mcconnell acm sigcue outlook 1996.0 
high temperature and environmental effects on polymeric composites ce harris ts gates   
the influence of implicit motives on memory processes b woike e lavezzary j barsky journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
towards development of secure systems using umlsec j jurjens lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
lattice decoded nested codes achieve the poltyrev exponent u erez r zamir   
a signature access method for the starburst database system ww chang vldb 1989.0 
capbased-ams : a capability-based and event-driven activity management system ( demonstrations ) pck hung hp yeung k karlapalem proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
human nature and the nature of romantic love h harris  1995.0 
intra-uterine versus cervical insemination of donor sperm for subfertility po ` brien p vandekerckhove cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
experimental investigation into the penetration of soft solids oa shergold na fleck  2004.0 
on the design of a reliable storage component for distributed database management systems da menasce oe landes   
managing engineering information with hypermedia pr nelson d schuler boeing commercial airplane group seattle washington  
total quality control av feigenbaum   
application of growth and yield modelling as an indicator of sustainable forest management pr van gardingen pd phillips & hellip ; conference on data management and modelling using remote & hellip ;  
conceptual and nonconceptual processes in the concept-shift behavior of kindergarten children rh ellis  1974.0 
vigilance impairment : assessment by driving simulators cfp george sleep-new york - 2000.0 
development of cdznte detector systems for space applications i kuvvetli  2003.0 
electromagnetic wave propagation on helical structures s sensiper proc . ire  
supra 495 f lp riles supp . at  
constraint management in loosely coupled distributed databases ss chawathe h garcia-molina j widom   
bank considers outsourcing m fitzgerald computerworld  
identifying exemplary teaching : using data from course and teacher evaluations ka feldman new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
novell web server rl morrison pc magazine  
g-win - the gbit/s infrastructure for the german scientific community g hoffmann computer networks 2000.0 
comparison of macroscopic and microscopic models for ultrashort pulses propagation in nonlinear a bourgeade o saut   
an approach to balancing the risks of r & d performance goals jp martino   
databases and workflow management : what . is it all about ? - p statement   
a static robust control of an electroplating line with a periodic output objective jp denat sc dutilleul s marteau 2nd international conference on management and control of & hellip ;  
an introduction to disk modelling c ruemmler j wilkes ieee computer  
cryptanalysis of xinmei digital signature scheme j van tilburg electronic letters 1992.0 
ands . m. sripada â ?? tsql2 language specification â ?? rt snodgrass i ahn g ariav ds batory j sigmod record  
in-service evaluations of experimental traffic barriers : an interim report ca leonin rd powers  1986.0 
a formal trade-off between optimization and execution costs in semantic query optimization s shekharâ ? ¦ proc . 14th vldb conference  
generalizing abstraction functions b lampson  1997.0 
extending query rewriting techniques for fine-grained access control s rizvi a mendelzon s sudarshan p roy sigmod 2004.0 
the interpretation ofcultures c geertz new york : basicbooks  
managing text as data g pavlovic-lazetic e wong vldb 1986.0 
replica determinism in fault-tolerant real-time systems s poledna technical university of vienna  
rise above the static j downey pc magazine may  
the chronicle of the bank of greece e venezis  1955.0 
consolidating and applying the sdl-pattern approach : a detailed case study r gotzhein information and software technology 2003.0 
strategic planning and firm performance : a synthesis of more than two decades of research cc miller lb cardinal the academy of management journal 1994.0 
plan-per-tuple optimization solution-parallel execution of expensive user-defined functions f carifio woâ ?? connell   
coming soon : referencepoint 3.0 scm chen pc magazine 1993.0 
integrating reliable memory in databases vldb '97 wt ng pm chen proceedings of 23th international conference on very large & hellip ;  
improving the quality of iso 9001 audits in the field of software aj walker information and software technology  
data modelling in the large m bertram sigmod record 1994.0 
a model for availability analysis of distributed software/hardware systems cd lai m xie kl poh ys dai p yang information & software technology 2002.0 
bdomino : databases for moving objects tracking ( demo ) ^ in proceedings of the acm international o wolfson ap sistla b xu j zhou s chamberlain  1999.0 
melting layer observations during maypole wr moninger vn bringi tr detman jr jordan ta & hellip ; on radar meteorology zurich switzerland amer . meteor . soc  
negotiating between competing interests in planning continuing medical education rg maclean new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
trabecular remodeling processes in the ovariectomized rat : modified node-strut analysis - t abe k sato n miyakoshi t kudo y tamura t bone-new york - 1999.0 
0 . e. and heine v. 1965 a animalu phil . mag  
designing instruction for learning in electronic classrooms gr morrison pf guenther new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
geâ ?? s quality gamble k melymuka computerworld  
garcia-luna-aceves jj ( 1996 ) the case for reliable concurrent multicasting using shared ack trees bn levine d lavo proc . acm  
reai-time index concurrency control jr haritsa sigmod record 1996.0 
city of san diego land guidance system . design guidelines/final public review draft c associates  1992.0 
s-plus for windows user 's manual version 3.3 m soft math soft seattle washington usa  
scanning technology automates dificult airway registry gl gibby mld jp & hellip ; for technology in anesthesia scientific demonstration ( & hellip ;  
april 1 1999 creel surveyor oregon state department of fish & wildlife telephone conversation n duncan ecology & environment inc. seattle  
constraints for query optimization in deductive databases j harland k ramamohanarao   
static cerebral autoregulation testing in healthy children during < 1 mac sevoflurane anesthesia ms vavilalaâ ? ¦  2002.0 
â ?? a cry for privacy d radcliff computerworld  
dekeyser and seitz b amelinckx phil . mag  
soft computing for intelligent knowledge-based systems jf baldwin t martin b azvine bt technology journal 1998.0 
managing the environment for older students . le gelwicks r weinstock new directions for higher education 1980.0 
query processing over object views of relational data g fahl t risch the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
managing uncertainty in moving objects databases o wolfson acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
a pragmatic approach to database design sh spewak vldb 1980.0 
halogen bonding based recognition processes : a world parallel to hydrogen bonding p metrangolo h neukirch t pilati g resnati acc . chem . res 2005.0 
restructuring to sustain excellence rs myers new directions for higher education 1996.0 
reliable communication over unreliable channels . networks y afek h attiya a fekete m fischer n lynch y proc . of the 28th ieee annual symp . on foundation of & hellip ;  
the empirical study of knowledge elicitation techniques n shadbolt am burton   
computerized stock trading subject of sec caveat . j connolly computerworld. 1984.0 
index maintenance for object-oriented databases using semantic information . submitted to the 1995 d hwang b liskov mit laboratory for computer  
nominalism and realism : universals and scientific realism vol . i dm armstrong vol . i cambridge  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?the ics-forth rdfsuite : managing voluminous rdf description bases s alexaki v christophides g karvounarakis d procs of 2nd int . workshop on the semantic web ( semwebã cents â ? ¬ & hellip ;  
the role of aspect in licensing object drop in child dutch . e thrift n hyams bucld 25 proceedings  
component and object technology pf dubois ieee computer  
emergency department d-dimer testing at sadosty dg goyal et boie ck chiu journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
relational algebraic framework for the modelling and analysis of petri nets ck young gk tag information and software technology 1995.0 
groundwater vistas i environmental simulations guide to using  
u. & jacobson l. ( 2001 ) . reading strategies in children with cerebral visual impairment due to ke fellenius unpublished  
the dissection of selection in person perception : inhibitory processes in social stereotyping cn macrae gv bodenhausen ab milne journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
s. paraboschi s. pozzi g. ( 2000 ) . specification and implementation of exceptions in workflow fc casati acm transaction on database  
research thrusts in small firm strategic planning rb robinson jr ja pearce ii the academy of management review 1984.0 
kt wong . optimization of nestedsql queries revisited ra ganski andh proceedings of the sigmod international conference on  
security and privacy in sensor networks c haowen a perrig ieee computer  
motion compensating field interpolation using a hierarchically structured displacement estimator . m bierling r thoma signal proc. 1986.0 
aspect deliverable d19 a ac095 report on final trial and demonstration issue 1995.0 
cultural diversity in the workplace : managing a multicultural work force . lg martin jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
primary angioplasty versus intravenous thrombolysis for acute myocardial infarction m cucherat e bonnefoy g tremeauâ ? ¦ cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
the beowulf distributed process space ea hendriks submitted for publication  
late versus early surgical correction for congenital diaphragmatic hernia in newborn infants ( v moyer f moya r tibboel p losty m nagaya kp cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
watching behaviour : the role of context and learning h buxton r howarth   
workflow verification : finding control-flow errors using petri-net-based techniques wm van der aalst lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
development of a grade eight taiwanese physical science teacherâ ?? s pedagogical content knowledge hl tuan rc kaou proceedings of national science council part d  
denoising by singularity detection h tai-chiu ld pak-kong proc . int . symp . circuits syst  
fast and stable algorithms for hierarchically semi-separable representations s chandrasekaran m gu t pals submitted for publication 2004.0 
united states of america v dcc opinion  2001.0 
addison-wesley 1998 lu guide   
juggling low-wage work and family life : what mothers say about their childrenâ ?? s well-being in the as london ek scott k edin v hunter new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
specificatioll of user lnierihce in oo method . 1998 master of science thesis pj molina technical university of  
robot navigation under approximate self-localisation a saffiotti   
regulatory analyst biotechnology and scientific services usda aphis 4700 river road unit 147 mk peterson   
managing quality ( 3 rded . ) oxford : blackwell publishing bg dale  1999.0 
global pollution with 137 cs and 90 sr and external exposure doses on the territory of the soviet li boltneva ya izrael va ionov im nazarov at . energ  
from documents to discourse : shifting conceptions of scholarly publishing t sumner sb shum   
join index hierarchies for supporting efficient navigations in object-oriented databases z xie j han vldb 1994.0 
secure concurrency control in firm real-time database systems b george jr haritsa distributed and parallel databases 2000.0 
patient noncompliance : a major cause of late graft failure in cyclosporine-treated renal transplants rh didlake k dreyfus rh kerman ct van buren bd transplant  
l. jordan mj printezis t. and spence s. 1996 . an orthogonally persistent java mp atkinson es dayn sigmod  
shape memory alloy : a thermomechanical macroscopic theory m fremond courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ; 1996.0 
charge-carrier transport in disordered organic materials : dipoles quadrupoles traps and all that sv novikov dh dunlap vm kenkre proceedings of  
domino : databases for moving objects tracking . sigmod 1999 o wolfson ap sistla b xu j zhou s chamberlain proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
performance appraisal : maintaining system effectiveness . dc martin km bartol public personnel management 1998.0 
crack propagation in high stress fatigue c laird gc smith phil . mag  
region-annotated types and type schemes 1996 m tofte l birkedal submitted for  
manual of fumigation for insect control hau monro journal of pest science 1971.0 
biological diversification in the tropics gt prance new york  
aids in cultural historic and epidemiologic context sc mccombie see ref  
optimistic parallelization of communicating sequential processes df bacon re strom acm sigplan notices 1991.0 
cryogenic associative memory rr seber proc . acm national conf  
geography and the national parks l bennett social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
rapportage arbeidsmarkt zorg en welzijn 1999 hoofdrapport en tabellenrapport oktober 1999 æ ? 75 - zw nivel osa nzi   
reducing buyer search costs : implications for electronic marketplaces jy bakos management science 1997.0 
pricing of information services using real-time databases : a framework for integrating user p konana a gupta do stahl ab whinston   
globdata : consistency protocols for replicated databases fd munoz-escã ³ ä ±   
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization . acm sigmod intl p roy s seshadri s sundarshan s bhobe conference on management of data  
the therapeutic community : study of effectiveness treatment research monograph # 84-1286 nida g deleon md  
detours : binary interception of win32 functions g hunt   
5 . 0 specification t revision  1988.0 
topology information condensation in hierarchical networks p van mieghem computer networks 1999.0 
mining web informative structures and contents based on entropy analysis hy kao sh lin jm ho ms chen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
maya-lenca ethnic relations in late classic period copan honduras ai gerstle  1988.0 
managing system and active-content integrity jr michener t acar   
the measurement of information systems effectiveness : evaluating a measuring instrument je scott   
s. lin . automaticsynthesisofasynchronous circuits kj linandc proc . of 28th dac  
the transaction costs theory of joint ventures : an empirical study of japanese subsidiaries in the jf hennart management science 1991.0 
secure group communication using key graphs . proccedings of the siggcom conference vancouver ck wong m gouda ss lam  1998.0 
& frost ac ( 1937 ) : glass in architecture and decoration ( l : ap ) r mcgrath   
activation frame memory management for the monsoon processor . master 's thesis dt chiou  1992.0 
on ergodicity of some tar ( 2 ) processes n kunitomo submitted for publication 2001.0 
optical limiting in media with absorbing microparticles k mansour ew van stryland mj soileau proc . spie 1989.0 
fabrication of cmos on ultrathin soi obtained by epitaxial lateral overgrowth and chemical - g shahidi   
attitude strength and resistance processes em pomerantz s chaiken rs tordesillas journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
the conventional ils - so what 's new ( ils capability improvements on localizer and glide-slope antenna jb battistelli national aerospace meeting washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
low disturbance audio for awareness and privacy in media space applications ie smith se hudson   
use of a component architecture in integrating relational and non-relational r atkinson proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
gene duplications in evolution of archaeal family b dna polymerases dr edgell hp klenk wf doolittle   
tommaso toffoli and norman h. margolus . invertible cellular automata : a review t und margolus  1990.0 
language features for flexible handling of exceptions in information a borgida systems acm transactions on database systems  
optimal selection of measurement locations for parameter estimation in distributed processes d ucinski applied mathematics and computer science 2000.0 
feff 8.00 manual a ankudinov b ravel jj rehr  1999.0 
higher homotopy groups of complements of complex hyperplane arrangements preprint arxiv : math s papadima a suciu   
biological oxidations in oxic and anoxic marine environments : rates and processes 208 pp ah devol ph. d. thesis university of washington seattle washington  
assume-guarantee model checking c flanagan s qadeer   
implementation of logical query languages for databases . r source m zentralblatt acm trans . database syst 1985.0 
parisi . g 1991 replica eld theory for random manifolds m mezard j. phys . i france  
methods of calculation of nonstationary processes for separating multicomponent isotope mixtures in ia vereninov yv rakitsky at . energ  
incremental updates of inverted indexes in document retrieval a tomasic h garcia-molina k shoens proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
distributed depth-first search and deadlock detection university of maryland at college park b groå ¡ elj md  
communication in reform md george new directions for higher education 2002.0 
expert systems : from database to knowledge base bj garner information and software technology 1987.0 
software process modelling and measurement : a qms case study a pengelly m norris r higham information and software technology 1993.0 
a generational mostly-concurrent garbage collector d detlefs t printezis   
identification of sna41 gene which is the suppressor of nda4 mutation and is involved in dna s miyake s yamashita genes to cells 1998.0 
the relaxation response h benson m klipper   
intergenerational conflicts in species of birds with precocial offspring r pierotti proc . int . ornithol . congr  
error propagation in directly georeferenced terrestrial laser scanner point clouds for cultural dd lichti sj gordon   
poster nr . 218 at the 84 thaacc annual meeting kp lai jf steffe pkw ng seattle washington usa  
infusion of cytotoxic t cells for the prevention and treatment of epstein-barr virus-induced cm rooney ca smith cyc ng sk loftin jw sixbey blood-new york - 1998.0 
auv navigation sensor integration 8p c stewart  2000.0 
a primer for vacuum thermocouples h levinson best technology inc. seattle  
generalizing mean field theory for distributed optimization and control . 2004 dh wolpert   
a core calculus for java exceptions d ancona g lagorio e zucca   
depression runs in families : the social context of risk and resilience in children of depressed cl hammen  1991.0 
the national project grad evaluation f doolittle new york : manpower demonstration research  
java security s oakes  1998.0 
reaching out : telecollaboration and social studies . pull-out 1 . k dawson j harris social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
search via laser receivers for interstellar communications m ross proc . ieee  
context management in modeling information systems ( is ) b garner r raban information and software technology 1999.0 
highly pumped inverted balmer and lyman populations rl mills p ray rm mayo   
achieving dynamic interfaces with agent concepts t juan l sterling   
gamma-rays and ionizing component during thunderstorms at gran sasso m aglietta b alessandro p antonioli f arneodo   
finnish space projects : space astronomy ( abstract only ) o vilhu oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
