11578 sorrento valley road qd inc san diego    
li.   c.   and vitter . j. 2001 . supporting incremental join queries on ranked inputs a natsev   y chang   j smith proceedings of the very large data bases conference ( vldb ;  
the family transition program : implementation and interim impacts of floridaâ ?? s initial time - d bloom   m farrell   jj kemple   n verma   
hierarchical and variation geometric modeling with wavelets . in proceedings of the 1995 symposium on sj gortler   mf cohen  1995.0 
genetic-algorithm programming environments jlr filho   pc treleaven   c alippi   
lisp . vr pratt  1977.0 
acquiring student feedback that improves instruction . hg murray new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0 
observations of frontal zone structures with a vhf doppler radar and radiosondes mf larsen   j roettger conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
how coping mediates the effect of optimism on distress : a study of women with early stage breast cs carver   c pozo   sd harris   v noriegaâ ? ¦ journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
jade : jabber-based authoring in distributed environments a roczniak   a el saddik proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
a finite element method for the dynamic analysis of automatic transmission gear shifting with a four n zhang   a crowther   dk liu   j jeyakumaran   
electron microscopy and diffraction of twinned structures in evaporated films of gold dw pashley   mj stowell phil . mag    
selectivity estimation in spatial databases   acm sigmod intl s achaya   v poosala   s ramaswamy conference on management of data    
implementing the earnings supplement project : a test of a re-employment incentive hs bloomâ ? ¦   
engineering applications of correlation and spectral analysis js bendat   a piersol  1980.0 
evaluation of winter rye hybrids fertility l madej   r osinski   j jagodzinski biuletyn-instytutu hodowli i aklimatyzacji roslin   1995.0 
inc.   march 1985 m pirnie & hellip ; river pcb reclamation/demonstration project   evaluation of  
cytoplasmic ion transport as a general   very early step in the orientation of the embryonic left - m levin  2003.0 
preparing for an adult education evaluation . rc mason new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
lecture-â ?? process for developing aap guidelinesâ ?? . baltimore n halsey md    
creating multimedia to die for r raskin pc magazine-american edition -   1994.0 
a novel design technique for tuneable notch filters gw medlin   
integrity = validity + completeness a motro acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large databases g sudipto   r rastogi   k shim proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
amniotic fluid acetylcholinesterase as a possible diagnostic test for neural tube defects in early ad smith   nj wald   hs cuckle   gm stirrat   m bobrow lancet i   1979.0 
treatment of osteoarthritis with celecoxib   a cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor : a randomized controlled wg bensen   jj fiechtner   ji mcmillen   ww zhao   ss mayo clinic proceedings   1999.0 
deconstructing the internet using vugh o martin proceedings of vldb    
linear clustering of objects with multiple attributes hvj jag901 proceedings of acm sigmod   2001.0 
minimization of multiple-valued multiple-threshold perceptrons by genetic algorithms a ngom   z obradovic   i stojmenovic proc . 28th ieee international symposium on multiple-valued & hellip ;    
concluding observations . dw steeples new directions for higher education   1986.0 
guaranteeing delay jitter bounds in packet switching networks d verma   h zhang   d ferrari proceedings of tricomm    
a performance study of four index structures for set-valued attributes of low cardinality s helmer   g moerkotte the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
the photoelectric effect ow richardson   kt compton phil . mag    
kriber-an interactive pascal program to calculate distances and angles   to generate input files for r bialek & hellip ; kristallografie und petrografie   eth zurich   switzerland (  
on the apparent visual forms of relativistically moving objects pm mathews   m lakshmanan i nuovo cimento   1972.0 
electromagnetic analysis and design in magnetic resonance imaging j jianming   
semantics and implementation of schema evolution in object-oriented databases proc . of acm-sigmod j banerjee   w kim   hk kim   hf korth conf . om management of data   san francisco ca   may    
issues relating to extension of the basic linear algebra subprograms ds dodson   
theory of dielectrical optical waveguides d marcuse academic   san diego    
application of head-mounted display to radiotherapy treatment planning jc chung proceedings acm  
toward middleware fault injection for automotive networks p koopman   e tran   g hendrey   
spin vector   shape   and size of the amor asteroid ( 6053 ) 1993 bw ~ 3 p pravec   m wolf   l sarounova   aw harris   jk icarus-new york -   1997.0 
multimode spectral coding of speech at low bit rates a das  1996.0 
the linear rational collocation method with iteratively optimized poles for two-point boundary value jp berrut   hd mittelmann submitted for publication    
common expression analysis in database applications s finkelstein proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
volunteering computing   a preliminary concept and project proposal lfg sarmenta  1996.0 
surveillance of the flow of salmonella and campylobacter in a community nv harris seattle   washington   us : communicable disease control & hellip ;    
observations on the biology and control of the pine processionary caterpillar ( thaumetopoea ds kailidis athens   greece    
a cartoon guide to wavelets jb buckheit   dl donoho  1995.0 
consistency within diversity : guidelines for programs to honor exemplary teaching md svinicki   rj menges new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
defining knowledge management : four basic functions c frappaolo computerworld    
a new efficient algorithm for computing grobner basis jc faugere proceedings of mega   1998.0 
power in top management teams : dimensions   measurement   and validation s finkelstein the academy of management journal   1992.0 
lipoic acid content of escherichia coli and other microorganisms aa herbert   jr guest archives of microbiology   1975.0 
mitigation of denial of service attacks j mã ¶ lsã $   
on the spectral gap of the m/m/n / n queue c fricker   p robert   d tibi unpublished manuscript    
minimization of non-linear approximation functions k madsen  1985.0 
endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography in gallstone-associated acute pancreatitis k ayub   r imada   j slavin cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
a novel approach for privacy-preserving video sharing j fan   h luo   ms hacid   e bertino proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
a comparison of approaches to the evolution of homogeneous multi-robot teams m quinn   
welfare time limits : state policies   implementation   and effects on families . d bloom   m farrell   b fink  2002.0 
scheduling data transfers in networks with pre-emption ha choi   sl hakimi proceedings of the 23rd allerton conference on communication  
shape & texture d ebert proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 
an exact algorithm for the min-interference frequency assignment problem v maniezzo   r montemanni submitted for publication   1999.0 
refining top-k selection queries based on user feedback k chakrabarti   k porkaew   s mehrotra vldb 2000.0 
configurable processors for embedded computing n dutt   k choi   
trainees ` attributes and attitudes : neglected influences on training effectiveness ra noe the academy of management review   1986.0 
singular limit for the minimization of ginzburg-landau functionals f bethuel   h brezis   f helein cras i-math    
thyroid and adrenal dysfunction in abstinent alcoholic men : locus of disturbance pt loosen   b chambliss   n ekhator   d burns neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
mulvey   and perkins d danielâ ? ¦ phil . mag    
79 of downward departures were requested by the government   including both substantial assistance fy in  2001.0 
placebo interventions for all clinical conditions a hrobjartsson   pc gotzsche cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
learning how to understand language r pieraccini   e levin   e vidal proc . eurospeech    
four decades of service   1951-1991 mg smith   
generalized adaptive estimation for econometric and financial models d steigerwald   
azh ( astron . rep. ) vg kornilov   aa tokovinin  2000.0 
repellents reduce insecticidal kills of honeybees el atkins proc . 28th int . congr . apic.   bucharest    
case study : factors for early prediction of software development success jd procaccino   jm verner   sp overmyer   me darter information & software technology    
male circumcision for prevention of heterosexual acquisition of hiv in men n siegfried   m muller   j volmink   j deeks   m egger cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
institutions matter : campus teaching environments ' impact on senior faculty mw lacelle-peterson   mj finkelstein new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
space-filling curves h sagan  1994.0 
the office of the future : a unified approach to image-based modeling r raskar   g welch   m cutts   a lake   l stesin   h proceedings of acm sigraph    
the growth habits and surface structure of ice crystals bj mason   gw bryant   ap van den heuvel phil . mag    
resources for outreach and recruitment . ce johns new directions for higher education   1975.0 
electrical resistivity of molten iron rw powell phil . mag    
fundamental architectural considerations for network processors m peyravian   j calvignac computer networks   2003.0 
complexity of multiway cuts . e dahlhaus   ds johnson   ch papadimitriou   pd conf proc annu acm symp theory comput.   acm   new york   ny ( & hellip ;   1992.0 
securing the aes finalists against power analysis attacks ts messerges lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
an immittance-type stability test for two-dimensional digital filters y bistritz proc . 28th asilomar conf . signals   systems   computers    
supporting the construction and use of spatio-temporal domains in scientific databases tr smith   j su   mf worboys  1993.0 
the chain of reasoning in the conjunction task r hertwig   g gigerenzer unpublished manuscript    
the mice project : multimedia integrated conferencing for europe ( mice ) cd schulz proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
exploiting early sorting and early partitioning for decision support query processing j claussen   a kemper   d kossmann   c wiesner the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
spec as a performance evaluation measure r giladi   n ahituv   
marine invertebrates of the pacific northwest : univ en kozloff  1987.0 
an image retrieval system depending on object layout kahny matsumoto   t yokoyama   y matsushita 3rd international conference on management of data   pp199 - & hellip ;    
epirus revisited : seasonality and inter-site variation in the upper palaeolithic of north-west g bailey   pl carter   cs gamble   hp higgs see ref    
jc walton jm tedder acc . chem . res    
a heuristic real-time parallel scheduler based on task strucutures q long   v lesser technical report 95-92   university of massachusetts   amherst    
effects of the eastern marmara earthquake on the marine structures and coastal areas   report 3 y yuksel   z alkis   e cevik   ac yalciner alciner   b  2001.0 
editorial p willis bt technology journal   2000.0 
l. ( 1976 ) suicide enzyme inactivators rh abeles   al maycock acc . chem . res    
surgical treatment for meniscal injuries of the knee in adults jr howell   hh handoll cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
spectral theory of non-selfadjoint operators bs pavlov proc . int . congr . math.   warszawa    
racial disparities in the delivery of health care ba noah san diego law review   1998.0 
cognitive apprenticeship approach to helping adults learn in bl brandt   ja farmer jr   a buckmaster new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
drift reduction in predictive video transmission using a distributed source coded side-channel a majumdar   j wang   k ramchandran proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
rehist : relative error histogram construction algorithms s guha   k shim   j woo proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
jr   and rg keesee aw castleman acc . chem . res    
early life-cycle metrics and software quality models m shepperd information and software technology   1990.0 
multi-dimensional selectivity estimation using compressed histogram information jh lee   dh kim   cw chung sigmod conference   1999.0 
four years of the switched multi-megabit data service dj lewis   d mack-smith   bc poole bt technology journal   1998.0 
interactive term suggestion for users of digital libraries : using subject thesauri and co-occurence b schatzâ ? ¦   
artop : an adaptive randomized total ordering protocol g chockler   n huleihel   d dolev submitted for  
spectral k-way ratio-cut partitioning and clustering - group of 3 & raquo ; pk chan   mdf schlag   jy zien proceedings of the 30th international conference on design & hellip ;   1993.0 
fentonâ ?? s reaction revisited c walling acc . chem . res    
size and effort estimation for applications written in java j kaczmarek   m kucharski information and software technology    
the efficacy of antidepressants in the treatment of depression in dementia j bains   js birks   tr dening cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
an adaptive control of lum smoother r lukac radioengineering-prague -   2000.0 
read-onlytransactionsinadistributeddatabase h garcia-molina   g wiederhold acm transactions on database systems    
extensions of a theory of networks for approximation and learning : outliers and negative examples t poggio   f girosi technical report aim1220   artificial intelligence laboratory    
multiway spatial joins n mamoulis   d papadias acm transactions on database systems   2001.0 
dietary marine fatty acids ( fish oil ) for asthma in adults and children rk woods   fc thien   mj abramson cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
guest editorial z bankowski   a scott   f snyder european law journal   1998.0 
attachment chemistry of organic molecules on si ( 111 ) -7 7 f tao   gq xu acc . chem . res   2004.0 
ontc-arpa technology development group gk chungâ ? ¦ experimental demonstration of a reconfigurable wdm/atm/sonet & hellip ;    
non-newtonian mechanics   the mass of a moving body rc tolman phil . mag    
identification for long range predictive control ds shook   c mohtadi   sl shah iee proceedings d   1991.0 
â ?? b-blogs cause a stir k goodwin  2002.0 
andragogy and self-directed learning : pillars of adult learning theory sb merriam new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
in acm sigmod int qrs estimation conf . on management of data   san  
social capital   development   and access to resources in highland ecuador [ * ] . a bebbington   t perreault economic geography   1999.0 
searching in metric spaces with user-defined and approximate distances p ciaccia   m patella acm transactions on database systems   2002.0 
twenty-year follow-up on the effect of hla matching on kidney transplant survival and prediction of pi terasaki   y cho   s takemoto   m cecka   d transplantation proceedings   1996.0 
querying database knowledge a motro   q yuan   
roussoploulos . adaptiveselectivity estimation using query feedback cm chenandn proc . of the acm sigmod conference    
source acm sigmod record archive t sellis   s mehrotra acm sigmod record   2001.0 
relevamiento de niveles de pesticidas agrãcolas en aguas y tejidos de peces en las grandes lagunas i final   r quirã ³ s area   2001.0 
innovative programs and curricula . ep martin new directions for higher education   1975.0 
routine anticonvulsants for treating cerebral malaria m meremikwu   ag marson cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
polar attributes of supercritical carbon dioxide . p raveendran   y ikushima   sl wallen acc . chem . res   2005.0 
an efficient and scalable approach to cnn queries in a road network hj cho   cw chung & hellip ; of the 31st international conference on very large data & hellip ;   2005.0 
clustering objects on a spatial network ml yiu   n mamoulis proc . acm sigmod conf   2004.0 
re-evaluation of the cancridae latreille   1802 ( decapoda : brachyura ) including three new genera and ce schweitzer   rm feldmann contributions to zoology   2000.0 
eradication therapy for peptic ulcer disease in helicobacter pylori positive patients a ford   b delaney   d forman   p moayyedi cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
design and analysis of parametric query optimization algorithms s ganguly proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
hyperqueries : dynamic distributed query processing on the internet a kemper   c wiesner proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
antioxidant vitamin and mineral supplements for age-related macular degeneration jr evans cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
a heuristic for domain independent planning and its use in an enforced hill-climbing algorithm j hoffmann lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
surfactant biodegradation . rd swisherâ ? ¦   
itasca distributed odbms dk barry proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1992.0 
sensitization and conditioningâ ?? honeybee behaviour and electrophysiology of mushroom body feedback b grã 1/4 newald learning and memory . proceedings of the 23rd gã ¶ ttingen & hellip ;    
polymerase chain reaction monitoring reduces the incidence of cytomegalovirus disease and the h einsele   
an adaptive visual environment for digital libraries mf costabile   f esposito   g semeraro   n fanizzi international journal on digital libraries   1999.0 
improving design feedback equaliser performance using neural networks k raivio   o simula   j henriksson electronic letters   1991.0 
server-based characterization and inference of internet performance vn padmanabhan   l qiu   h wang   
indexing techniques for object-oriented databases w kim   kc kim   a dale acm press frontier series   1989.0 
closed jackson networks under stationary and ergodic assumptions f baccelli   s foss   j mairesse unpublished manuscript    
the rat brain in stereotaxic coordinates academic press inc g paxinos   c watson san diego    
right -   left - and multi-linear rule transformations that maintain context information db kemp   k ramamohanarao   z somogyi vldb   1990.0 
the implementation and performance of compressed databases . acms anthology sigmod record   2000.0 
guest editorial jr gruser   l raschid   v zadorozhny the vldb journal   2000.0 
three-dimensional image and mitochondrial distribution in sperm cells of euphorbia dulcis m murgia   hj wilms see ref    
join synopses for approximate query answering s acharya   pb gibbons   
mankato schools information literacy curriculum guidelines . 8 june 2000 d johnson mankato area public schools    
computed tomography : an unreliable indicator of pancreatic trauma . r akhrass   k kim   c brandt journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
there 's method in cases ji reynolds the academy of management review   1978.0 
product design and development   2 . int . edition kt ulrich   sd eppinger   
the intangible benefits and costs of investments : evidence from financial markets e brynjolfsson   s yang   
carcinoma in situ of the cervix uteri   some cytogenetic observations ai spriggs   mm boddington   cm clarke lancet i   1962.0 
index-frame audio transmission jr parker   k chung proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
automated resolution of semantic heterogeneity in multidatabases mw bright   ar hurson   s pakzad acm transactions on database systems   1994.0 
shellfish and seaweed harvests of puget sound . washington sea grant dp cheney   tf mumford jr  1986.0 
zing language specification t andrews technical report   microsoft corporation    
commentary : fourth geneva convention : relative to the protection of civilian persons in time of war j pictet at  
multiple access in packet switching networks : part i * generalized tree protocol yk sun   kc chen   dc twu submitted for  
the genetic interâ ?? est of incompatibility in fungi k mather see ref    
discovering the user : a practical glance at usability testing n campbell   s walbridge   j chisman   kr diller electronic library   1999.0 
the artist as failure in nabokov 's early prose a field wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
xeros signs up eds m halper   
mammalian lymph in tissue culture w bloom from lymphocyte to    
learning concepts by interaction pr cohen   
shape-similar retrieval in shape data management r mehrotra   j gary ieee computer    
deformable registration of cortical structures via hybrid volumetric and surface warping t liu   d shen   c davatzikos lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
suction controlled oedometric tests in montmorillonite clay mv villar   pl martin proc . 29th annual conference of the engineering group of the & hellip ;    
miss grimp revisited : recofiguring composition   literature   and cultural literacy . f jussawalla new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
the aditi deductive database system j vaghanl   k ramamohanarao   db kemp   z somogyi   pj the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
indexing large human-motion databases e keogh proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
conversing across cultures : east-west communication styles in work and nonwork contexts j sanchez-burks   f lee   i choi   r nisbett   s zhao   journal of personality and social psychology   2003.0 
microsoft opens door on â ?? janus   â ?? mj foley microsoft  
observations of semidiurnal atmospheric tides using the eiscat incoherent scatter radar ( abstract a huuskonen   t nygren proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder jl martin   mj barbanoj   v perez   m sacristan cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
the theory of sound jws rayleigh  1945.0 
combined thermionic and photoelectric emission from dispenser cathodes dw feldman   a valfells   j neumann   j harris   b   
tissue-engineered growth of bone and cartilage ca vacanti   w kim   j uptonâ ? ¦  1993.0 
whiteness and americanness : examining constructions of race   culture   and nation in white womenâ ?? s r frankenberg see ref    
forest-regular languages and tree-regular languages m murata unpublished manuscript    
an introduction to high strength commercial waste . stuth co   inc. and aqua test wl stuth   c garrison inc. project . seattle   washington    
putting social studies back into early primary classrooms . ek stuckey social studies and the young learner   1990.0 
observations of optical counterparts of gamma-ray bursts fk knight  1992.0 
adaptive equalization of multiple-input multiple-output ( mimo ) channels am tehrani   b hassibi   jm cioffi proc . int . contr .  
observations on the nature   distribution   and significance of cephalosporinase pc fleming   m goldner   dg glass lancet i   1963.0 
large scale structures : observations and instrumentation c balkowski   s gordon proceedings of the daec ( departement d &#39; astrophysique & hellip ;   1988.0 
active and adaptive base station antennas for mobile communication b johanisson seminar and demonstration on adaptive antennas and antenna & hellip ;    
please speak up : asian immigrant students in american college classrooms bd hodne new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
editorial ( s ) h roberts   d bell information and software technology   1999.0 
supporting incremental join queries on ranked inputs a natsev   yc chang   jr smith   cs li   js vitter vldb   2001.0 
deduction of homogeneous turbulence statistics from single doppler radar observations t gal-chen conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
spectral analysis and discrimination by zero-crossings b kedem ieee   proceedings   1986.0 
securing routing in open networks using secure traceroute g mathur   vn padmanabhan   dr simon   
j.   pirahesh   h. and ramakrishnan   r. magic is relevant is mumick   s finkeistein proceedings of acm  
computability k weihrauch  1987.0 
supporting periodic authorizations and temporal reasoning in database access control e bertino   c bettini   e ferrari   p samarati proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
energy-efficient indexing for wireless broadcast data yd chung   mh kim   
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large data databases s guha   r rastogi   k shim proc . of the acm sigmod    
audiologists desk reference   volumen i   singular publising group inc j hall   hg mueller san diego london    
theory of shuffling j reeds unpublished manuscript    
determination of edge density profiles in jet using a 50 k vl ithium beam m brix   a korotkov   m lehnen   p morgan   k   
effects of urban spatial structure on individual behavior fe horton   dr reynolds economic geography   1971.0 
a note on the strategy of multiway join query optimization problems kl tan   h lu proceedings of sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
application of the hazard analysis critical control point ( haccp ) system in the food industry c tzia   a tsiapouris papasotiriou   athens ( greece )    
mediatorsin the architectureof future information systems g wiederhold ieee computer    
estimating true distances between genomes ls wang   t warnow proc . 33rd acm symp . theory comput    
penetration of proton beams through water . i. depth-dose distribution   spectra and let distribution : mj berger md    
system dynamics : a unified approach d karnopp   
equi-depth histograms for estimating selectivity factors for multi-dimensional queries mmdj dewitt proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
optimizing disjunctive queries with expensive predicates a kernper   g moerkotte   k peithnert   m steinbrunn   
culture   gender   and self : a perspective from individualism-collectivism research y kashima   s yamaguchi   u kim   sc choiâ ? ¦ journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
sigsoftâ ?? 96 international workshop on multiple perspectives in software development ( viewpointsâ ?? a finkelstein   g spanoudakis  1996.0 
doppler radar and electrical activity observations of a mountain thunderstorm r lhermitte   e williams conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
parallel composite texture synthesis a zalesny   v ferrari   g caenen   l van gool   
handling consultant feedback . j lindquist new directions for higher education   1991.0 
system impacts on program costs and integrity c logan   j kirlin   p elwood   m menne   m walker the evaluation of the expanded ebt demonstration in maryland    
the essence of chaos : university of washington press en lorenz seattle   washington    
the enzymes in food processing kl parkin  1993.0 
summing up : themes and issues related to learning in groups s imel new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
logical concurrency control for large objects in a multidatabase system gk attaluri   
a comparison of compiler tiling algorithms g rivera   cw tseng lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
guest editorial to the special issue on data stream processing j gehrke   jm hellerstein the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
a cognitive approach to introductory computer science courses m doran   d langan proceedings of acm  
smarten up ! j maglitta computerworld    
hydrokinetic solutions and observations k lord phil mag    
steroids for treating tuberculous pleurisy pt matchaba   j volmink cochrane database syst . rev   2000.0 
parallel processing and document layout   submitted to h brown  1988.0 
multiplayer gaming : two or more is war me ryan pc magazine-american edition -    
evolutionary algorithm performance profiles on the adaptive distributed database management problem mj oates bt technology journal   2000.0 
guest editorial machine learning for the internet gw flake   p frasconi   c giles   m maggini acm transactions on internet technology   2004.0 
tappi pulp . conf sj szegda  1994.0 
multimodal affect recognition in learning environments a kapoor   rw picard   
hasanw.   krishnamurthy r. query optimization for parallel execution s ganguly proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
social anxiety and social avoidance in children : the development of a self-report measure s franke   s hymel unpublished manuscript    
the dimer model in statistical mechanics-an exact result h temperley   m fisher phil mag    
real estate valuation lecture notes a aclar yildiz technical university   istanbul    
a timed token protocol for local area networks rm grow proceedings of electro    
the effects of a confluent language curriculum on the oral and written communication skills     and b galyean  1977.0 
integration of qos-enabled distributed object computing middleware for developing next-generation y krishnamurthy   v kachroo   da karr   c rodrigues   
structured testing : a teting methodology using the mccabe complexity measure tj mccabe ieee computer    
lockx : a system for efficiently querying secure xml . sr cho   s amer-yahia   lvs lakshmanan   d srivastava sigmod conference   2003.0 
silent spill : the anatomy of a chronic pollution event td beamish  1999.0 
a supplement to sampling-based methods for query size estimation in a database system y ling   w sun sigmod record   1992.0 
jd the theory of joins in relational databases av aho   c beam   n ull acm trans . database syst    
generalised h multivariable controllers mj grimble   
relating distributed objects be martin   rgg cattell proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
erp failures exact high price p dryden computerworld    
oral verus nebulized albuterol in the management of bronchiolitis in egypt . a gadomski   g aref   o din journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
cladosporium fulvum evades hcr9â ?? 4e-mediated resistance by abolishing avr4e expression or by n westerink   b brandwagt   p de wit   m joosten  2002.0 
steroids for treating cerebral malaria k prasad   p garner cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
hiroyuki kitagaw a   and nobuo ohbo   â ?? evaluation of signature files as set access facilities in y ishikawa proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of  
predictive control with gaussian process models j kocijan   r murray-smith   ce rasmussen   b likar submitted for publication   2003.0 
a functional form of chungâ ?? s law of the iterated logarithm for maximum absolute partial sums m wichura unpublished manuscript    
when do women use aid to families with dependent children and food stamps ? the dynamics of rm blank   p ruggles the journal of human resources   1996.0 
measurement and assessment in teaching ( eighth edition ) / prentice-hall   inc rl linn   ne gronlund  2000.0 
an authorization system for digital libraries e ferrari   nr adam   v atluri   e bertino   u the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2002.0 
donepezil for dementia due to alzheimerâ ?? s disease js birks   r harvey cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
a unified approach to conjugate gradient algorithms for solving nonsymmetric linear systems h sadok   
welfare time limits : an interim report card d bloom   
psychotherapy for bulimia nervosa and binging pj hay   j bacaltchuk cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
estimation of social value from willingness-to-pay data dl mc fadden unpublished manuscript    
agricultural biotechnology : implications for food security v santaniello proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference of & hellip ;    
farm labor and the evolution of food production b bronson see ref    
percutaneous   transperineal cryosurgery of the prostate as salvage therapy for post radiation rj miller jr   jk cohen   b shuman   la merlotti   
microsoft ; the windows interface guidelines for software design p hall  1995.0 
directions for future database research & development w kim acm sigmod record   1990.0 
locally weighted learning [ j ] ga christopher   wm andrew   s stefan artificial intelligence review    
zezulap ( 1997 ) m-tree : anefficientaccess methodforsimilaritysearchinmetricspaces pm ciacciap proc . 23rd international conference on very large data bases  
early bare stems in an agglutinative language n batman-ratyosyan   k stromswold proceedings of the 25 thannual boston university conference & hellip ;    
guest editorial p aplin   
responding to institutional concerns and faculty needs . cmn mehrotra new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 
food safety   the media   and the information market j swinnen   j mccluskey   n francken   
opportunistic garbage collection pr wilson acm sigplan notices   1988.0 
magic factoring of closure programs pt wood   
eb   1961 dw pashley   aeb presland phil . mag    
micropattern formation in supported lipid bilayers jt groves   sg boxer acc . chem . res    
guest editorial p atzeni   ao mendelzon the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
stability margins of diagonally perturbed multivariable feedback systems mg safonov iee proceedings   1982.0 
kã ¶ ln   2001 zitiert : krey b stuttgart at  
how did welfare and work policies affect employment and income : a synthesis of research d bloom   c michalopoulos  2001.0 
evaluating object dbmss for multimedia p pazandak   j srivastava sigmod record   1986.0 
guest editorial j mai   e marani   s hakomori the histochemical journal   1992.0 
handbook on formative and summative evaluation of student learning bs bloom  1971.0 
securing xml data in third-party distribution systems b carminati   e ferrari   e bertino proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
interventions for trichomoniasis in pregnancy am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
apts reference manual r paige  1993.0 
interventions for treating chronic pelvic pain in women rw stones   j mountfield cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
algorithm for detection of vfib in real time from ecg ( abstract only ) l patomaki   a nieminen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
including culture in evaluation research r klitgaard new directions for program evaluation    
reptiles and amphibians in captivity   breeding-longevity and inventory fl slavens   k slavens seattle   washington    
transaction restarts in prolog database systems s acharya   gn buckley   
improving statistics canadaâ ?? s cell suppression software ( confid ) â ?? d robertson proceedings of the compstat 2000 conference 21.-25 . august   & hellip ;    
overview of multidatabase transaction management y breitbart   h garcia-molina   a silberschatz the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1992.0 
bifocal sampling for skew-resistant join size estimation s ganguly   pb gibbons   y matias   a silberschatz sigmod conference   1996.0 
efficient evaluation of queries in a mediator for websources v zadorozhny   l raschid   me vidal sigmod conference   2002.0 
m. and segall   rl ( 1965 ) mh loretto   lm clarebrough phil . mag    
enterprise information portals m white electronic library   2000.0 
male honor and female fidelity : implicit cultural scripts that perpetuate domestic violence ja vandello   d cohen journal of personality and social psychology   2003.0 
holistic twig joins : optimal xml pattern matching n bruno   n koudas   d srivastava   
integration of spatial join algorithms for joining multiple inputs n mamoulis   d papadias proc . sigmod intl. conf . on management of data   1999.0 
singular-value-decomposition approach to multivariable generalised predictive control . b kouvaritakis   ja rossiter   aot chang & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1993.0 
761 severance   dg   lohman   gm differential files : their application to the maintenance of large l severance acm trans . on database  
some findings on the network performance of broadband hosts k lakshminarayanan   vn padmanabhan   
poetic baldness and its cure . jeg zetzel md    
an exact algorithmforselecting partial scan flip-flops st chakradhar   a balakrishnan   vd agrawal proc . acm/ieee design automation  
temperature measurement in pediatric trauma patients : a comparison of thermometry and measurement lm bernardo   r henker   jo ` connor journal of emergency nursing   1999.0 
matos ( 1987 ) . extending relational algebra and relational calculus with set-valued attributes and g ozsoyoglu   zm ozsoyoglu journal of acm transaction on database  
sequential pattern mining with approximated constraints c antunes   al oliveira   
a     and l. martin 1973 do cells cycle j smith proc .  
video portals for the next century ( panel session ) r koenen   h yu   a zakhor   f galliano   c bouman   n proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   1999.0 
lighten up a laplante computerworld    
application of radar for detecting radioactive emissions from nuclear power plants ap elokhin   en kononov at .  
inorganic-organic hybrid molecular architectures of cyanometalate host and organic guest systems : s nishikiori   h yoshikawa   y sano   t iwamoto acc . chem . res   2005.0 
partial-match retrieval using hashing and descriptors k ramamohanarao   ja thom   jw lloyd acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
game theory ( third edition ) academic press g owen san diego    
technology strategy   bt exact j hill bt technology journal   2004.0 
special section on data mining for intrusion detection and threat analysis d barbarã ¡ acm sigmod record   2001.0 
others . the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann proceedings of the acm sigmod  
the hybrid tree : an index structure for high dimensional feature spaces k chakrabarti   s mehrotra   
simultaneity   causality   and spectral representations d censor submitted for  
intrusion detection inter-component adaptive negotiation rj feiertag   s staniford-chen   kn levitt   m computer networks   2000.0 
some observations on the development of the organization in phanerogamous plants m schleiden phil . mag    
the shaping of menâ ?? s minds : adaptations to the imperatives of culture ya cohen see ref    
sina : scalable incremental processing of continuous queries in spatio-temporal databases mf mokbel   x xiong   wg aref proc . sigmod conf   2004.0 
an extensible database system for spatio-temporal queries c chen   h wang   c zaniolo submitted for publication    
a conceptual model for understanding the physical attributes of learning environments . rd fulton new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
decentralised and hierarchical control of interconnected uncertain systems a bahnasawi   
a query language based on the ambient logic l cardelli   g ghelli lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
minimization and group-by detection for nested xqueries a deutsch   y papakonstantinou   y xu data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
the implementation and performance of compressed databases twd kossmann   
disjunctive queries in object bases a kemper   g moerkotte   k peithner   m steinbrunn proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data    
the knowledge based management systems project . g wiederhold   j kaplan   d sagalowicz acm sigmod record    
robust model predictive control y wang  2002.0 
com + verstehen . ds platt  1999.0 
quickset : a multimodal interface for distributed interactive simulation pr cohen   l chen   j clow   m johnston   d mcgee   j   
xwave : optimal and approximate extended wavelets for streaming data s guha   c kim   k shim proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
silberschatza ( 1988 ) extended algebraandcalculusfornestedrelationaldatabases ma roth   hf korth   
the encyclopedia of higher education ( four volumes ) b clark   g neave isbn    
joining multiple data streams with window constraints m hammad   w aref   k elmagarmid proceedings of the 28th vldb confrerence    
hierarchical clustering via joint between-within distances gj szekely   ml rizzo  2003.0 
the 2d lid-driven cavity problem revisited ch bruneau   m saad   
selegiline for alzheimerâ ?? s disease j birks   l flicker cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
odmg-93 : a standard for object-oriented dbmss rgg cattell   
rehabilitation for distal radial fractures in adults hh handoll   r madhok   te howe cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
a unified approach to program and data conversion bc housel vldb    
managing a db2 parallel edition database g fecteau proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
tracking join and self-join sizes in limited storage n alon   pb gibbons   y matias   m szegedy proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst   1999.0 
hybrid dynamic data race detection   jd choi   
optimizing boolean expressions in object-bases a kemper   g moerkotte   m steinbrunn   
the inadequate environment : nitrogen and the abundance of animals tcr white  1993.0 
cm . ( 1996 ) . sensuality in product design : a structured approach gh hofmeester   jah kemp   a blankendaal proceedings of acm chi96  
ieee microwave theory tech.   mtt-s digest   baltimore mw pospieszalski   ew wollack md    
the growth of world food output and population d grigg geography   1983.0 
spatio-temporal development of the diffuse barrier discharge in nitrogen r brandenburg   va maiorov   b golubovskii yu   he proc . 26th int . conf . on phenomena in ionized gases ( & hellip ;   2003.0 
the essence of chaos en lorentz university of washington   seattle    
the er model toward a unified view of data pp chen acm transactions on database systems    
a multi-agent policy-gradient approach to network routing n tao   j baxter   l weaver   
introduction to object-oriented databases w kim   
vitamin d supplementation in pregnancy k mahomed   am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev   1999.0 
electromagnetic fields and wavesâ ?? second edition p lorrain   d corson  1970.0 
theoretical strength of perfect crystals wr tyson phil . mag    
the theory of inoeulum ae dimond   jg horsfall see ref    
& sidner   cl ( 1985 ) . the structures of discourse structure bj grosz stanford university technical report  
on the theory of optimal income taxation e sheshinski unpublished manuscript    
a secure and efficient digital signature algorithm s micali technical report mit/lcs/tm -501   massachusetts institute of  
an introduction to deductive database languages and systems k ramamohanarao   j harland the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
passive position location using nonlinear filters s challa   af farhan   
variance of spike rate from auditory nerve following electrical pulsetrain stimulation of cochlea : sj oâ ?? leary   ls irlicht   ic bruce   mw white   gm submitted for  
nuffab '88 c ganguly bombay   india   12-14 dec. 1988   1988.0 
building up a tool-box for martin-lof intuitionistic type theory g sambin   s valentini to  
longest prefix matching using bloom filters s dharmapurikar   p krishnamurthy   de taylor   
pig-to-primate cardiac xenotransplantation and cyclophosphamide therapy pd waterworth   e cozzi   mj tolan   g langford   p transplantation proceedings   1997.0 
reproductive effort decreases antibody responsiveness c deerenberg   v arpanius   s daan   n bos   
workshop on reflective middleware f kon   g blair   rh campbell proc . fip/acm middleware2000    
study of muon triggers and momentum reconstruction in a strong magnetic field for a muon detector at m dellanegra   k eggert   c bacci   s bettini   r oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
intelligent integration ofinformation g wiederhold & hellip ; the acm sigmod international conference on management of  
editorial p muschamp   j hill bt technology journal   2004.0 
. springer-verlag   new york   1958 pr halmos   
guest editorial c allocchio computer networks   2000.0 
software effort estimation terminology : the tower of babel s grimstad   m jã ¸ rgensen   k molã ¸ kken-ã ? stvold information and software technology   2005.0 
mad2 and p27 expression profiles in colorectal cancer and its clinical significance gq li   hf zhang   
corticotropin-releasing factor and behavior gf koob   fe bloom fed proc   1985.0 
vapor pressure of zinc   cadmium and mercury ac egerton phil . mag    
kenaf newsprint : realizing commercialization of a new crop after four decades of research and de kugler & hellip ; report on the kenaf demonstration project   washington dc    
bibliothek nr . 7721 ru von hans-gert roloff   
building connections : classrooms and communities in rural virginia mb bingman   m martin   a trawick new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
quantifying the financial impact of occupational injuries and illnesses   and the costs and benefits sl warch  2002.0 
cp-2 radar   polarization lidar   and in situ observations of a cirrus cloud layer k sassen   rj keeler conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
nature   lond . 168   271 jm bijvoet   af peerdeman   aj van bommel bosnict-i   b. ( 1969 ) â ? cents acc . chem . res    
improving intrusion detection performance using keyword selection and neural networks r lippmann   rk cunningham computer networks   2000.0 
spectral theory of ordinary differential operators j weidmann  1987.0 
editorial d ralph   s searby bt technology journal   2003.0 
describing semistructured data l cardelli sigmod record   2001.0 
convertir la informaciã ³ n en sabidurãa b gates  1999.0 
wittet en info @ childrensvaccine . org   o por correo al programa de vacunaciã ³ n infantil en path   s puede comunicar con el sr seattle    
an access control model supporting periodicity constraints and temporal reasoning e bertino   c bettini   e ferrari   p samarati acm transactions on database systems   1998.0 
zinc supplementation in pregnancy k mahomed cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
sanctions and welfare reform . policy brief # 12 d bloom   d winstead  2001.0 
securing web sites and applications . d steenâ ? ¦   
the family transition program : an early implementation report on florida 's time-limited welfare d bloom  1995.0 
an introduction to quality of service pj willis bt technology journal   2005.0 
the importance of individual inputs on assessing gss value : an interdisciplinary approach for a massey   d clapper proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1994.0 
live structure and motion estimation d nister demonstration   cvpr    
lie algebras associated to fiber-type arrangements   preprint   2000   available at arxiv : math dc cohen   fr cohen   m xicotencatl   
spy stoppers c metz pc magazine . march    
locally weighted learning cg atkeson   aw moore   s schaal artificial intelligence review   1997.0 
development of differentially driven inpipe inspection robot for underground gas pipelines sg roh   sm ryew   hr choi   
estimation of illumination for color correction hj trussell   mj vrhel   
a new index of dimensionalityâ ?? detect hr kim   j zhang   w stout unpublished manuscript    
predictive perceptual compression for real time video communication o komogortsev   j khan proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
. mathworks inc.   1999 m inc   
scrap more boilerplate : reflection   zips   and generalised casts r lammel   
considerations on preestablished tree rerouting handoff protocols for wireless atm pcn j jiang   th lai   mt sun computer networks   1999.0 
a 1.35 gbps decision feedback equalizing receiver for the sstl sdram interface with 2x over-sampling ys sohn   sj bae   hj park   
sellis 1991 : r. ng   c. faloutsos   and t. sellis   flexible buffer allocation based on marginal gains f ng proc . acm sigmod  
the quantum theory of measurement p busch   pj lahti   p mittelstaedt  1991.0 
non structure theory s shelah to  
analysis of hourly surface weather observations   1988-1992 d clark   j evans computer data file   mit/lincoln laboratory   lexington   ma (  
a.   and roberts   ew   1939 ea owen phil . mag    
applied xml programming for microsoft . net d esposito  2002.0 
adaptation to the fitness costs of antibiotic resistance in escherichia coli sj schrag   v perrot   br levin proceedings : biological sciences   1997.0 
& & kramer   s. . spirit : sequential pattern mining with regular expression constraints l de raedt proc . 17 thinternational joint conference on artificial  
design overview of the aditi deductive database system j vaghani   k ramamohanarao   db kemp   z somogyi   pj   
the expression of cd15 in dissociated cultured rat dorsal root ganglion cells e marani   m deenen   ja maassen the histochemical journal   1992.0 
the spatial manifestation of threat : israelis and palestinians seek a ` good ` border g falah   d newman political geography   1995.0 
the senior faculty : higher education 's plentiful yet largely untapped resource mj finkelstein   n dorset jemmott new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
magic counting methods d sacca proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1987.0 
memory-cpu interface speeds up data transfers d bursky electronic design    
the anatomy and morphology of the joshua tree ( yucca brevifolia ) : an arborescent monocot pg simpson  1975.0 
self-esteem in young men : a longitudinal analysis of the impact of educational and occupational jg bachman   pm oâ ?? malley journal of personality and social psychology   1977.0 
daffe/clp/wp3 / wd ( 2001 ) 6 r by japan   
the dimensionality of ratings and their use in personnel decisions pc abrami   sdâ ?? apollonia new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
hamiltonian methods in the theory of solitons ld faddeev   la takhtajan  1987.0 
conformal field theory p di francesco   p mathieu  1996.0 
heuristic development eases strains d leavitt   
evaluation of diagnostic peritoneal lavage in stable patients with gunshot wounds to the abdomen j kelemen   r martin   j obney journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
a semantic based redesigning of distributed workflows v atluri   wk huang   e bertino 9th international conference on management of data    
the acquisition of pronominal reference by greek-dutch bilingual children : evidence for early s varlokosta   j dullaart bucld 25 proceedings    
cardio spasm br cohen   m guelrud achalasia : demonstration of supersensitivity of the lower & hellip ;    
sources of stress for emergency nurses in four urban canadian emergency departments mp hawley  1992.0 
58   60   67   68   69-71   91   156   231   233   235   245 life magazine   197 light   dr. fw   139 limousine : w liebeler   
emotional reactivity in mice may not be inherited but induced by parents f calatayud   s coubard   c belzung submitted for publication    
interventions for dysphagia in acute stroke pm bath   fj bath   dg smithard cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
supporting incremental join queries on ranked inputs anyc chang   jr smith   csljs vitter   
concentration contours in grain boundary diffusion rtp whipple phil . mag    
some new local and descending auditory neurons in the prothoracic ganglion of crickets and a stumpner proceedings of the 23rd gã ¶ ttingen neurobiology conference . & hellip ;    
establishing management objectives rl nolan acm sigmod record   1981.0 
generalised predictive control with end-point state weighting h demircioglu   dw clarke & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1993.0 
a theory of work-hardening of metal crystals nf mott phil . mag    
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for categorical attributes s guha   r rostogi   k shim proc . of 1998 acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
exact and approximate phrase matching in xml s amer-yahia   m fernandez   d srivastava   yx pix acm [ acm03a ]    
food safety : a reference handbook . abc-clio ne redman inc. : santa barbara   california    
zotepine for schizophrenia m fenton   s morris   p de-silva   a bagnall   sj cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
biomaterials in drug delivery and tissue engineering r langer acc chem res    
new directions for urban adult education lg martin   ee rogers new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
a search for periodicity in the x ray spectrum of black hole candidate a0620-00 gw clark   k plaks  1991.0 
joining the right queue : a markov decision rule kr krishnan proc . 28th ieee conf . decision control    
layout impact of resolution enhancement techniques : impediment or opportunity ? lw liebmann   
galileo : a strongly typed   interactive conceptual language aa ac0851   l cardelli   r orsini acm transactions on database systems    
anatomy of a real e-commerce system a jhingran   
bergeyâ ?? s manual of determinative bacteriology   ninth edition . williams and wilkins   baltimore jg holt   nr krieg   pha sneath   jt staley md    
quantifying internal attributes of functional programs r harrison information and software technology   1993.0 
discovering multi-level classification rules in platelet transfusion databases   university of m taylor md    
critical multiplism   meta-analysis   and generalization : an integrative commentary aj figueredo new directions for program evaluation   1993.0 
cytokine genotypes in allograft rejection : guidelines for immunosuppression iv hutchinson   d turner   d sankaran   m awad   v transplantation proceedings   1998.0 
describing software design in ada g booch acm sigplan notices   1981.0 
a pessimistic concurrency control algorithm in multidatabase systems . acms anthology   
inside windows 2000 : third edition s russinovich  2001.0 
parametric query optimization ye ioannidis   rt ng   k shim   tk sellis the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
anefficientindexing technique for full-text database systems j zobel   sdr moffata proc 18th vldb conf    
vibrations of a columnar vortex k lord phil . mag    
understanding dielectric cure monitoring sd senturia  1982.0 
carotid endarterectomy for symptomatic carotid stenosis cs cina   cm clase   rb haynes cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
jd ullman system/ua database system based on the universal relation assumption hfk kkfgui   gm kuper   j felgenbaum   a van gelder acm tods    
on roth   korth   and silberschatz 's extended algebra and calculus for nested relational databases . au tansel   l garnett acm transactions on database systems   1992.0 
the telegarden k goldberg   
adaptive background estimation and foreground detection using kalman-filtering c ridder   o munkelt   h kirchner   
erp in china : one package   two profiles mg martinsons communications-acm   2004.0 
locally weighted regression c atkeson   a moore   s schaal artificial intelligence review    
considerations and methodology for the preparation of data files jc fortune   jk mcbee new directions for program evaluation   1984.0 
l   song   n. marcon   b. wilson   â ?? m shim vivo near-infrared ranian spectroscopy : demonstration of & hellip ;    
a fast algorithm for training support vector machines j platt technical report   microsoft research    
the self-study as a chariot for strategic change rr martin   k manning   ja ramaley new directions for higher education   2001.0 
dlfferenhal files then apphcatlon to the mamtenance of large databases d severance   g l & man acm trans on database systems l ( 3 )   sept    
prophylatic syntometrine versus oxytocin for delivery of the placenta s mc donald   wj prendiville   d elbourne cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
editorial : method engineering and meta-modelling s brinkkemper   s joosten information and software technology    
uniformitarian assumptions and language evolution research fj newmeyer the transition to language    
the role of dynamic changes in blood perfusion and optical properties in thermal coagulation of the b kim   sl jacques   s rastegar   s thomsen   m proc . spie   1995.0 
reduction in electron irradiation damage to organic compounds by conducting coatings sm salih   ve cosslett phil . mag    
performance analysis of several back-end database architectures rb hagmann   d ferrari acm transactions on database systems   1986.0 
searching large lexicons for partially specified terms using compressed inverted files j zobel   r sacks-davis   
antispyware : adware and spyware are a growing nuisance and threat j clyman pc magazine    
effective clustering of complex objects in oo databases j bing   r cheng   ar hurson proc . acm sigmod conf.    
bt healthnetâ ?? an early intranet case study aj frost bt technology journal   1997.0 
managing a db2 parallel edition database g fe & au   n york   c ontario   
ta training resources . dl wright new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
mmse detection of cdma signals u madhow   mi honig proc . int . symp . inform . theory    
structure and function studies of cationic lipid non-viral gene delivery systems nl slack  2000.0 
soil microbiol . biochem ea paul   fe clark  1989.0 
use of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( elisa ) for detection of citrus tristeza virus ( ctv ) in m cambra   a hermoso de mendoza   p moreno   l proc . int . soc . citriculture    
holistic twig joins : optimal xml pattern matching b nicolas   k nick   s divesh proc . of the acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . on management of data    
optimization of queries with user-defined predicates s chaudhuri   k shim acm transactions on database systems   1999.0 
code churn : a measure for estimating the impact of code change sg elbaum   jc munson   
on the power of magic c becri   r ramakrishnan proc . acm pods    
sediment and water quality : a review of the literature including a suggested approach for water rn iwamoto   eo salo   ma madej   rl mccomas  1978.0 
trypanocidal drugs for chronic asymptomatic trypanosoma cruzi infection jc villar   ja marin-neto   s ebrahim   s yusuf cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
securing distributed computing against the hostile host jh hine   p dagger   
virtual transnational teams and their use of advanced information technology km chudoba   ml maznevski   
oospec : an executable object-oriented specification language mn paryavi   wj hankley   
greedy regular expression matching a frisch   l cardelli lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
the average norm of polynomials of fixed height p borwein   ks choi to  
sheldonj . finkelstein   hamid pirahesh   and raghu ramakrishnan . magic conditions is mumick proc . 9th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles  
soil survey of worcester county wj latimer   rfr martin   mo lanphear massachusetts . technical report   massachusetts department of  
a content-based authorization model for digital libraries nr adam   
supporting shared data structures on distributed memory architectures c koelbel   p mehrotra   j van rosendale proceedings of the second acm sigplan symposium on & hellip ;   1990.0 
cytokine-inducible sh2 protein-3 ( cis3/socs3 ) inhibits janus tyrosine kinase by binding through the a sasaki   h yasukawa   a suzuki   s kamizono   t genes to cells   1999.0 
the optimal retrieval start times of media objects for the multimedia presentation sw kim   sj kim   ti jeong   sw yoo information & software technology   2001.0 
the anatomy of collective failure in the netherlands a hoogerwerf new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
editorial v quint electronic publishing    
inferred hinterlands : the example of new zealand seaports pj rimmer geography    
equi-depth histograms for estimating selectivity factors for multi-dimensional queries m muralikrishna   dj dewitt sigmod conference    
locally adaptive dimensionality reduction for indexing large time series databases e keogh   k chakrabarti   s mehrotra   m pazzani sigmod conference   2001.0 
maximally flat lowpass filters realizable as allpass sums iw selesnick submitted for  
selectivity estimation of complex spatial queries n mamoulis   d papadias   
ecophysiology of the postfire regeneration in aleppo pine ( pinus halepensis ) forests en daskalakou  1996.0 
p57 ^ k ^ i ^ p ^ 2 expression in normal islet cells and in hyperinsulinism of infancy sa kassem   i ariel   ps thornton   k hussain   v diabetes-new york -   2001.0 
dã?couverte scientifique en ã?lectronique de puissance : un algorithme de gã?nã?ration utilisant les b robisson   jg ganascia proceedings of confã?rence  
pastry : scalable   distributed object location and routing for large-scale p2p systems a rowstron   p druschel proc . ifip/acm middleware    
carbon and nitrogen compositions and physical characteristics of transition zone and lower mantle mt hutchison   p cartigny   jw harris proc . int . kimberlite conf.   7th    
a unified approach to short-time fourier analysis and synthesis jb allen   lr rabiner ieee   proceedings   1977.0 
early extubation for adult cardiac surgical patients ca hawkes   s dhileepan   d foxcroft cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
nstat : a model-based real-time network intrusion detection system ra kemmerer   
a calixarene with four peptide loops : an antibody mimic for recognition of protein surfaces * ea chung   tk venkatachalam   aw czarnik acc . chem . res   1991.0 
extending relational algebra and relational calculus with set-valued attributes and aggregate a functions acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 
guest editorial : introduction ld dierking   lmw martin science education    
efficient ? become superefficient k melymuka computerworld    
darwin and cross-cultural studies of facial expression p ekman see ref    
andd . srivastava . holistictwigjoins : optimalxmlpatternmatching n bruno   n koudas proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
nonlinear adaptive torque-ripple cancellation for step motors d chen   b paden   
a method for describing information required by the database design process bk kahn   
stanford graphics 2.1 lives up to its potential r miller pc magazine   1993.0 
nowa huta : a new polish iron and steel plant njg pounds geography    
immunotherapy for recurrent miscarriage jr scott cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
local dimensionality reduction : a new approach to indexing high dimensional databases k chakrabarti   s mehrotra proc . 26th int . conf . very large  
cost models for overlapping and multiversion structures y tao   d papadias   j zhang acm transactions on database systems   2002.0 
a 1966 ieee trans g farral electronic  
failure resilient transaction management in multidatabases nshf korth   a silberschatz ieee computer    
un environnement logiciel pour la synthã ¨ se de haut niveau dâ ?? applications dsp faible consommation e martin   s gailhard   n julien   o sentieys  1997.0 
gezielt suchen und finden im internet   markt + technik verlag   mã 1/4 nchen   2001 g damaschke   
design guidelines for user-friendly interface software sl smith   jw mosier  1984.0 
attenuation basted correction of spectral backscattering in lake mã $ laren   central sweden n strã ¶ mbeck & hellip ; workshop on imaging spectropscopy   zurich   switzerland    
persistent lymphadenopathy in homosexual men : a clinical and ultrastructural study mg anderson   j dixey   p key   ds ellis   g tovey   tf lancet i   1984.0 
digitalized signature and public-key functions as intractable as factorization . report no mo rabin  1979.0 
state estimation for dynamic systems fl chernousko  1994.0 
the four levers of corporate change pl brill   r worth  1997.0 
case : guidelines for success dn wilson information and software technology   1989.0 
redundant documents and search effectiveness y bernstein   j zobel proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
interlink inc fs resistor santa barbara    
radioimmunoassay relat . proced d rodbard   pj munson   a delean med.   proc . int . symp    
net to link white house   22 federal agencies . p keefe computerworld.   1983.0 
adult learning theory and the pursuit of adult degrees r kiely   lr sandmann   j truluck new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
approach for generic audio segmentation and annotation tzccjk heuristic proc . acm  
infer : a relational query language without the complexity of sql t mason   r lawrence proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
intravenous treatment of leishmania donovani infected mice with liposomal hexadecylphosphocholine p kaufmann-kolle   a kuhlencord   h eibl cellular and molecular biology letters   1996.0 
polap : a fast wavelet-based technique for progressive evaluation of olap queries rr schmidt   c shahabi   
on database theory and xml d suciu sigmod record   2001.0 
scaling and time warping in time series querying aw fu   e keogh   lyh lau   ca ratanamahatana proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
selective and authentic third-party distribution of xml documents e bertino   b carminati   e ferrari   b thuraisingham ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
acoustic surface wave filters rh tancrell   mg holland proc . ieee    
making and joining dna ends m yarmolinsky see ref    
essa . image-basedmotion blur for stop motion animation gj brostow andi proceedings of acm siggraph  
overview of existing xml storage techniques s amer-yahia   m fernandez submitted for publication    
database performance evaluation in an indexed file environment j fedorowicz acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 
an efficient coding algorithm for 3d video with spatio-temporal hvs model and binary correlator c pei   cl lai proc . int . workshop on  
learning assumptions for compositional verification jm cobleigh   d giannakopoulou   cs pasareanu lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
the tunnel-emission amplifier ca mead proc . ire    
a study of four index structures for set-valued attributes of low cardinality s helmer   g moerkotte   
pentium : the second wave j seymour pc magazine-american edition -   1994.0 
a system-wide macro facility based on aggregate events : a proposal ds kosbie   ba myers   
acute tracheal rupture related to endotracheal intubation : case report-a sign of tracheomalacia r harris   a joseph journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
decoupling and pole assignment in generalised state space systems pn paraskevopoulos   fn koumboulis   
doxapram versus methylxanthine for apnea in preterm infants dj henderson-smart   p steer cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
locally nonconical convex sets gc shell  1997.0 
theoretical formulation for degrees of isolation in databases v atluri   e bertino   s jajodia information and software technology   1997.0 
serviceorienterad arkitekturâ ?? en ã ¶ versikt s sundblad  2004.0 
wage discrimination : reduced form and structural estimates as blinder the journal of human resources   1973.0 
universality and individuality : the interaction of noun phrase determiners in copular clauses jc mallery proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ;   1985.0 
describing linguistic information in a behavioural context : possible or not ? accepted for g de cooman md    
spectral composition of far-infrared laser radiation optically excited in methyl fluoride de evans   bw james   wa peebles   le sharp & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
sentence repetition as a measure of social dialect p desberg   g marsh   a stanley western psychological association   seattle   washington    
an efficient indexing technique for full-text database systems j zobel   a moffat   r sacks-davis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1992.0 
separating description and evaluation in the structure of personality attributes g saucier journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
the evaluation of primary prevention programs bl bloom see ref    
expected mistake bounds for on-linelearning algorithms d haussler   n littlestone   mk warmuth unpublished manuscript    
synchronisation in data networks ts brown   mj gilson   mg mason bt technology journal   1998.0 
proactive and reactive multi-dimensional histogram maintenance for selectivity estimation z he   bs lee   xs wang   
rofecoxib for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis s garner   d fidan   r frankish   m judd   t towheed   cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
the nu-prolog deductive database system k ramamohanarao   j shepherd   i balbin   g port   l halstead artificial intelligence series   1989.0 
spirit : sequential pattern mining with regular expression constraints   the vldb conference mn garofalakis   r rastogi   k shim  1999.0 
automated design of multi-dimensional clustering tables in relational databases s lightstone   b bhattacharjee proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
effects of emotional abuse against men in intimate relationships da hines   k malley-morrison unpublished manuscript    
topical ointment for preventing infection in preterm infants jm conner   rf soll   wh edwards cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
mecamylamine ( a nicotine antagonist ) for smoking cessation t lancaster   lf stead cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
tricyclic and related drugs for nocturnal enuresis in children cm glazener   jh evans cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
a genetic linkage study of bipolar disorder and 13 markers on chromosome 11 including the d ~ 2 jr kelsoe   h kristbjanarson   p bergesch   p neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
experimental optical fibre digital pulse-position modulation system nm calvert   mjn sibley   rt unwin electronic letters   1988.0 
at al. : r * - tree : an efficent and robust access method for points and rectangles b norbertâ ? ¦ proc . of acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
microfabrication by femtosecond laser irradiation h misawa   hb sun   s juodkazis   m watanabe   s proc . spie   2000.0 
millimeter wave radar for meteorological observations r lhermitte   c frush conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
mutual encapsulation of internetwork protocols jf shoch   d cohen   ea taft computer networks    
discovering object categories in image collections j sivic   bc russell   aa efros   a zisserman   wt   
challenges   rewards   and costs for feminist and ethnic minority scholars p bronstein new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
and vitter   j. supporting incremental join queries on ranked inputs a natsev   yc chang   j smith   cs li  2001.0 
whatâ ?? s holding up dvd ? s rupley pc  
optimization of boolean expressions in object bases a kemper   g moerkotte   m steinbrunn proc . int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )    
comparison of cmos pla and polycell representations of control logic cm gerveshi proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
microbioengineering : microbe capture and detection c lloyd   hy mason   m dice   c estes   a duncan   b proceedings of the 23rd annual international conference of & hellip ;    
evolutionary algorithm performance profiles on the adaptive distributed management problem mj oates bt technology journal    
strategy for a dod software initiative ew martin ieee computer    
surface elastic waves rm white proc . ieee    
helping and voice extra-role behaviors : evidence of construct and predictive validity lv dyne   ja lepine the academy of management journal   1998.0 
sharing the costs of higher education . student financial assistance in the united kingdom   the db johnstone  1986.0 
some very large data bases in developing countries sp ghosh   af cardenas   i mijares   g wiederhold very large data bases   1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ;   1979.0 
know my network : expertise in intrusion detection jr goodall   wg lutters   ai komlodi proc . acm cscw    
editorial s garrett   d sheat bt technology journal   2002.0 
principles of quality costs . ( 3 rded . ) milwaukee   wisconsin : asq quality press j campanella  1999.0 
metalloporphyrins for treatment of unconjugated hyperbilirubinemia in neonates g suresh   cl martin   r soll cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
fuzzy multiple attribute decision making sj chen   cl hwangâ ? ¦  1992.0 
using multiple models for therapy planning in dynamic environments o arnold  1993.0 
outcomes in the treatment of work-related carpal tunnel syndrome . tj craven seattle   washington    
interconnection networks using shuffles py chen   dh lawrie   da padua   pc yew ieee computer    
dynamic simulation of a single-cylinder diesel engine including dynamometer modelling and friction yh zweiri   jf whidborne   ld seneviratne proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   1999.0 
s. sohi . effectivejump-pointerprefetching for linked data structures a rothandg proc . 26th intâ ?? l symp . on comp . arch    
parametric state-feedback control for arbitrary eigenvalue assignment with minimum sensitivity tj owens   jo ` reilly & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1989.0 
infoskills : a holistic approach to on-line user education l rutter electronic library   2002.0 
corticosteroids for hellp syndrome in pregnancy p matchaba   j moodley cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
electron energy-loss in the electron microscope rf egerton plenum   new york    
minimax estimates of linear functionals in a hilbert space p speckman unpublished manuscript    
the demise of gentrification ? a commentary and prospective view ls bourne urban geography   1993.0 
guest editorial m jarke the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
wardle   and mayne t martin phil . mag    
prex-querying : an approach for effective subsequence matching under time warping in sequence s park   sw kim   js cho   s padmanabhan proc . acm cikm    
ariel - a semantic front-end to relational dbmss rm macgregor vldb    
identification of c. pneumoniae   c. trachomatis   and c. psittaci by polymerase chain reaction using g madico   ca gaydos   j boman   tc quinn submitted for  
depot fluphenazine for schizophrenia ce adams   m eisenbruch cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
dissimilation as local conjunction j alderere proceedings-nels   1997.0 
the implementation and performance of compressed databases . 1998 t westmann   d kossmann   s helmer   g moerkotte submitted for  
an efficient scheme for providing high availability a bhide   a goyal   hi hsiao   a jhingran proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1992.0 
theory of elasticity s timoshenko   jn goodier   
selected database research at stanford a keller   p rathmann   j ullman   g wiederhold acm sigmod record   1990.0 
crackdown on software pirates . j mason computerworld.   1990.0 
controller design of multivariable variable structure systems with nonlinear switching surfaces ds lee   mg kim   hk kim   
assessment theory for college classrooms sm brookhart new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
geometric structures in systems theory pe crouch iee proceedings   part d - control theory and applications   1981.0 
competitive routing and flow control in communication networks of parallel links sh rhee   t konstantopoulos   h lee   k chung computer networks   2003.0 
antibiotics for preterm rupture of membranes s kenyon   m boulvain   j neilson cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
selectivity estimation in spatial databases s achaya   v poosala   s ramaswamy proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data    
ch2m-hill . 1993 wh pacific demonstration project using yard debris compost for erosion  
irm : integrated region matching for image retrieval j li   jz wang   g wiederhold   
a new randomized algorithm for document fingerprinting s ganguly   g veda   
faculty unionism and university governance . hl mason new directions for higher education   1974.0 
securing mobile ad hoc networksâ ?? a motivational approach b strulo   j farr   a smith bt technology journal   2003.0 
locally adaptive dimensionality reduction for indexing large time series databases k chakrabarti   e keogh   s mehrotra   m pazzani acm transactions on database systems   2002.0 
early affective antecedents of adult type a behavior b macevoy   ww lambert   p karlberg   j karlberg   i journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
developing a next-generation internet architecture : new arch dd clark   kr sollins   jt wroclawski   
electromagnetic waves tj bromwich phil . mag    
vitamin e for intermittent claudication j kleijnen   d mackerras cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
cure : a clustering algorithm for large databases s guha   r rastogi   k shim proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
a model of authorization for next-generation database systems e bertino   w kim   f rabitti   d woelk acm tods    
finding usability problems through heuristic evaluation . chi '92 j nielsen proceedings acm press    
theory of spectral graph layout b beckman   
feynmanâ ?? s operational calculi for noncommuting systems of operators : spectral theory b jefferies   gw johnson   
epigenetic marks by dna methylation specific to stem   germ and somatic cells in mice k shiota   y kogo   j ohgane   t imamura   a urano   k genes to cells   2002.0 
forming conditions of graikas lignite   n. peloponnese s kalaitzidis   s papazisimou   k christanis proc . 9 thint . geol . congr.   athens   greece   xxxiv ( 3 )    
tests of significance : theory and method in research on self-esteem tj scheff   dj fearon & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa barbara    
comparison of evolutionary and deterministic multiobjective algorithms for dose optimization in n milickovic   m lahanas   d baltas   n zamboglou lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
expression of the vax family homeobox genes suggests multiple roles in eye development k ohsaki   t morimitsu   y ishida   r kominami   n genes to cells   1999.0 
adolescent premarital sexual activity   cohabitation   and attitudes toward marriage pd martin   d martin   m martin adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 
an early history of the black river falls region hs merrill  1933.0 
biotransformations k faber  2000.0 
poly manual d matthews acm sigplan notices   1985.0 
the design and implementation of a flexible middleware for multimedia communications comprising b stiller   c class   m waldvogel   g caronni   d   
ionization by moving electrified particles jj thomson phil . mag    
rural poverty in south africa s bekker   c cross   n bromberger  1992.0 
implementing macros in your help files r duncan pc magazine   1993.0 
time and transition in work teams : toward a new model of group development cjg gersick the academy of management journal   1988.0 
constrained stable generalised predictive control j rossiter   
delivery of livestock health and breeding services : focus on india v ahuja   d ward   mpg kurup electronic conference    
slow convergence ? the new endogenous growth theory and regional development . r martin   p sunley economic geography   1998.0 
measuring the impacts of whole-school reforms : methodological lessons from an evaluation of hs bloom   
estimation of dependences based on empirical data vn vapnik  1982.0 
fast multiresolution querying ce jacobs   a finkelstein   dh salesin proceedings of acm siggraph    
an advanced power converter topology to significantly improve the co tolerance of the pem fuel cell w choi   
guest editorial aw czarnik acc . chem . res    
a review on tristeza   an ongoing threat to citriculture m bar-joseph   cn roistacher   sm garnsey   dj gumpf proc . int . soc . citric    
re fe r en ces j uliman acm transactions on database systems   1985.0 
multidimensional paging for efficient database querying th merrett proceedings of the international conference in management of  
thyroid hemiagenesis and ectopia in sonic hedgehog knockout mice h fagman   m grã $ nde   m nilsson proc 29th annual meeting of the european thyroid association & hellip ;    
rastogir.   cure a.   an efficient clustering algorithm for large data bases s guha & hellip ; 1998   acm sigmod international conference on management of  
broad band x-ray spectra of bright x-ray binaries whg lewin   
prefix path streaming : a new clustering method for optimal holistic xml twig pattern matching t chen   tw ling   cy chan   
clutter reduction and target detection in ground penetrating radar data using wavelets d carevic proc . spie   1999.0 
object operations benchmark rgg cattell   j skeen acm transactions on database systems   1992.0 
improving co-operation in project teams c beskow   s hovmark   m norell the sixth international conference on management of  
transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating depression jl martin   mj barbanoj   te schlaepfer   s clos   v cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
effects of fatty infiltration of the graft on the outcome of living-related liver transplantation m hayashi   k fujii   t kiuchi   k uryuhara   m transplantation proceedings   1999.0 
an efficient component model for the construction of adaptive middleware m clarke   gs blair   g coulson   n parlavantzas lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
a genetic agent-based negotiation system spm choi   j liu   sp chan computer networks   2001.0 
sampling-based selectivity for joins using augmented frequent value statistics p haas   a swami proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
observations of an agulhas undercurrent lm beal   hl bryden   
guest editorial rc holte machine learning   2001.0 
coping   stress   and social resources among adults with unipolar depression ag billings   rh moos journal of personality and social psychology   1984.0 
la trame de lâ ?? ã © vidence c rosental sociologie de la dã © monstration en logique    
pix : exact and approximate phrase matching in xml d srivastava proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
a.   martin garcia   av y perez grande deld garcia   
mathematical methods for physicists : academic press inc g arfken san diego      
improving the start up behavior of a congestion control scheme for tcp j heo proc . of acm  
the galileo imaging team   1998 . cryovolcanism on ganymede : evidence in bright terrain from galileo jw head   r pappalardo   j kay   g collins   l proc . lunar planet . sci . conf . 29th .  
from observations to self-consistent modeling of the interstellar medium   astrophys . space sci j ballesteros-paredes  2003.0 
the prolog phenomenon d mcdermott acm sigart bulletin   1980.0 
amnioinfusion for meconium-stained liquor in labour gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
building a convincing test of a public housing employment program for the jobs-plus demonstration . h bloom manpower demonstration research corporation and presented at & hellip ;    
spaces of dependence   spaces of engagement and the politics of scale   or : looking for local politics kr cox political geography   1998.0 
spa ord   e. ( 2000 ) . intrusion detection using autonomous agents d zamboni computer  
the effects of nalbuphine and butorphanol treatment on cocaine and food self-administration by nk mello   jb kamien   se lukas   j drieze neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
no-cost ad blocking ; pac files are even better than hosts files for blocking web site ads s canter pc magazine    
fenton chemistry revisited c walling acc . chem . res    
session-based quality of service s rudkin bt technology journal   2004.0 
ergodic theory ip cornfeld   sv fomin   yg sinai  1982.0 
a case for message oriented middleware g banavar   t chandra   r strom   d sturman lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
recognizing of spectral mixtures   their components and spectral patterns ( abstract only ) k mantere   j parkkinen   t jaaskelainen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
skeletal structures in high-current electric discharges : observations   hypotheses and proof-of - ab kukushkin   va rantsev-kartinov   
screw dislocations   etch figures   and holes fh horn phil . mag    
expressions for batched searching of sequential and hierarchical files p palvia acm transactions on database systems   1985.0 
doduk kyoyuk : moral education in south korea and georgia . hi kim social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
the biochemical basis of neuropharmacology jr cooper   fe bloom   rh roth   
theory of orientation and stereoselection k fukui  1970.0 
database management systems on a multi-computer computer m sinutko sigmod record   1977.0 
semantics and implementation of schema evolution in object-oriented database systems j banerjee   w kim   hj kim   hf korth proceedings of the international conference on management of  
a framework for holistic life-cycle design : the integration of performance   economic   manufacturing d wallace   d favrat   t tomiyama   h ishitani technical report   massachusetts institute of technology    
fault-tolerance - the survival attribute of digital systems a avizienis ieee   proceedings   1978.0 
clinically oriented anatomy   3rd edn . williams & wilkins : baltimore kl moore md    
antifibrinolytic drugs for acute traumatic injury t coats   i roberts   h shakur cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
interpersonal consequences of overt self-criticism : a comparison with neutral and self-enhancing ta powers   dc zuroff journal of personality and social psychology    
mutual coupling calculations including edge effects l josefsson electronic letters   1994.0 
a comparison ofmechanismsforimprovingmobileiphandofflatencyforendto-end tcp r hsieh   a ansseneviratne proc . acm  
surfactant for meconium aspiration syndrome in full term infants rf soll   p dargaville cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
flexpath : flexible structure and full-text querying for xml s amer-yahia   lvs lakshmanan   s pandit   
cytotoxicity in murine neocortical cell culture k rose   mp goldberg   dw choi methods in toxicology   1992.0 
problembaserad inlã $ rning : en beskrivning av ideologi och pedagogisk referensram c silã © n   s normann   i sandã © n hã $ lsouniv . i  
e-services t stafford communications of the acm   2003.0 
vã $ rnamoverketâ ?? en demonstrationsanlã $ ggning fã ¶ r el-och vã $ rmeproduktion ur biobrã $ nsle   baserad ab sydkraft the vã $ rnamo plantâ ?? a demonstration plant for electricity & hellip ;    
spirit : sequential pattern mining with regular expression constraints g minos   r rajeev   s kyuseok proceedings of 25th international conference on very large & hellip ;    
an extended attribute grammar for pascal da watt acm sigplan notices   1979.0 
water resources engineering . rk linsley   
cure : an efficient algorithm for clustering large databases s guha   r rastogi   k shim proceedings of acm-sigmod 1998 international conference on & hellip ;    
time varying parametric modeling of speech . mg hall   av oppenheim   as willsky signal proc.   1983.0 
a service system for btâ ?? s major customers p white bt technology journal   1997.0 
early definitive abdominal evaluation in the triage of unconscious normotensive blunt trauma j pratt   s nichols   r brennan journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
query algebra and optimization for relational top-k queries c li   k chang   i ilyas   s song  2005.0 
homotopy lie algebras   lower central series   and the koszul property   preprint ( 2001 )   available at s papadima   ai suciu   
dimensionality reduction for fast similarity search in large time series databases e keogh   k chakrabarti   m pazzani   s mehrotra knowledge and information systems   2001.0 
topicos avanzados en bases de datos ch larrain sigmod record   2000.0 
designing and implementing a family of intrusion detection systems ra kemmerer proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
outlook for 2001 m joss  2001.0 
å ? ® æ ? ¶ ç ?? å ?? ç ?? è ?? i/o æ ?? ç ? ¨ ( c èª?è ¨ ? ç ?? )   2001 : å ?? æ ?? å ?? æ ? ¸ å ?? é ?? ä ¸ ï 1/4 ? æ ?? é ? ² æ ??   mcs   
total design 1988 s pugh   ie morley   
the coat colors of mice wk silvers  1979.0 
astronom . and astrophys sk rosswogâ ? ¦   
research issues in spatio-temporal knowledge discovery t abraham   jf roddick proc  
nocturnal mechanical ventilation for chronic hypoventilation in patients with neuromuscular and d annane   jc chevrolet   s chevret   jc raphael cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
hendrix college local food project . g valen new directions for higher education   1992.0 
abstracting object interactions using composition filters m aksit   k wakita   j bosch   l bergmans   a yonezawa lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
the west and american ideals . fj turner  1914.0 
a new approach to pricing and hedging options with transaction costs tl lai   tw lim  2002.0 
the cedar dbms : a preliminary report mr brown   rgg cattell   n suzuki   
lu hong-jun etal . . holistic twigjoins on indexed xml documents j hai-feng   w wei proceedings of the vldb conference   berlin    
acoustical observations l rayleigh phil . mag    
distribution and abundance of fishes and invertebrates in mid-atlantic estuaries . elmr rep. no. 12 . sl stone   ta lowery   jd field   cd williams   dm md    
k 4-free subgraphs of random graphs revisited s gerke   hj promel   t schickinger   a steger   a submitted for publication    
adaptive selective estimation using query feedback cm chen   n roussopoulos & hellip ; of acm-sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;    
the accountability litmus test : long-term performance improvement with contained costs bn albright new directions for higher education   1995.0 
stellar magnetic fields sn udovichenko   gg valyavin   vg shtol proc . int . conf    
unified ip networks k blakey   s gregson   m mulvey bt technology journal   2000.0 
crazy mistakes   1993 edition jc dvorak pc magazine   1993.0 
musical atmospheric disturbances tl eckersley phil .  
applying parametric query optimization to non-parametric query metrics vrls vadali  2001.0 
two-stage identification of interconnected steady-state systems with cascade structure : a parametric z hasiewicz applied mathematics and computer science   1997.0 
growth curve analyses : a potential measure of the effects of environmental stress upon wildlife tt fendley   il brisbin jr proc . int . game biol    
transaction models and architectures   kluwer aca - p faculty   w jajodia   v scholar   c bettini   acm sigmod record   1997.0 
mehrotra . 2001 . locally adaptive dimensionality reduction for indexing large time series databases e keogh   k chakrabarti   m pazzani proceedings of 2001 acm sigmod international conference on  
application of the sdc optimal control algorithm to low-thrust escape and capture including fourth - gj whiffen   ja sims proceedings of the 2 '' d international symposium on low & hellip ;    
tissue adhesive wound repair revisited jp noordzij   pa foresman   gt rodeheaver   jv quinn journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
e. ] 8 . crellin and m. 13evls p allan phil . mag    
introducing xml/edi frameworks dr webber   
a simplified universal relauon assumption and its propertles r fagxn   ao meudelzon   jd ullman acm trans . database syst    
knowledge management : some â ?? thereâ ?? there j gantz computerworld    
pid autotuning algorithm based on relay feedback a leva   
modern food microbiology jm jay   
integrating speech with keypad input for automatic entry of spelling and pronunciation of new words g chung   s seneff   
flexible connection rerouting for connection-oriented mobile communication networks m song   y choi   c kim computer  
unisql 's next-generation object-relational o foundation sigmod record   1996.0 
d. billsus   â ?? gl webb   mj pazzani machine learning for user modeling   user modeling and user - & hellip ;    
flexible buffer allocation based on marginal gains r ng   c faloutsos   t sellis proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1991.0 
selectivity estimationinspatial databases s acharya   v poosala   s ramaswamy proc . acm sigmod    
moving up the food chain : supporting e-commerce applications on databases a jhingran sigmod record   2000.0 
deoxyribonuclease for cystic fibrosis ce kearney   ce wallis cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
working with multiple logical systems a tarlecki unpublished  
  s. ramaswamy   and t. suel . aqua : system and techniques for approximate query answering pb gibbons   v poosala   s acharya   y bartal technical report   bell laboratories   murray hill   nj   feb. .  
the heuristic analysis of the diffusion h jaakkola   
men in emergency nursing j johnston journal of emergency nursing   1987.0 
an efficient clustering algorithm for large data bases   sigmod 1998 s guha   r rastogi   a cure proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
early defence responses in plants infected with pathogenic organisms a talarczyk   j hennig   
compiler heuristic design with machine learning m stephenson   s amarasinghe   um oâ ?? reilly   m technical report tr-893   massachusetts institute of technology    
indexing spatio-temporal trajectories with chebyshev polynomials y cai   r ng proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   2004.0 
automatic subject indexing using an associative neural network ym chung   wm pottenger   br schatz   
alkaloids fromnitrones jj tufariello acc . chem . res    
theory of separative cascades with large enrichments at the separative element na kolokol ` tsov   ni laguntsov at . energ    
n. : user location and tracking in an in-building radio network p bahl   v padmanabhan microsoft research technical report msr-tr-99-12   febr .  
mathsoft inc sp manual seattle   washington    
daffe/clp/wp3 / wd ( 2001 ) 7 r by mexico   
query processing using multidimensional clustering in db2 b bhattacharjee   s padmanabhan   t malkemus   l proceedings of vldb  
mehrotra ( 2001 ) locally adaptive dimensionality reduction for similarity search in large time series e keogh   k chakrabarti   m pazzani   
obstacle avoidance   a heuristic collision avoider for the stanford robot arm lc widdoes  1974.0 
spinal trauma : new guidelines for assessment and management in the out-of-hospital environment cj mattera journal of emergency nursing   1998.0 
dynamic maintenance of data distribution for selectivity estimation ky whang   sw kim   g wiederhold the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
full-wave design and analysis of bandpass filters using 1/8-cut high - q dielectric ring resonators s amari   r vahldieck   j bornemann proc . 28th european microwave  
intravenous immunoglobulin for the treatment of kawasaki disease in children rm oates-whitehead   jh baumer   l haines   s love   cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
editorial mt ã?zsu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2005.0 
filters based on multilayer metallic structures in a waveguide vp gololobov   vi omel ` ianenko radiotekhnika i elektronika   1988.0 
parallel query scheduling and optimization with timeand space-shared resources mn garofalakis   ye ioannidis proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very  
accommodating imprecision in database systems : issues and solutions a motro sigmod record   1990.0 
e. 1 . blount mh cohen phil . mag    
connecticut post-time limit tracking study : six-month survey results ja hunter-manns   d bloom  1999.0 
multi-dimensional clustering : a new data layout scheme in db2 s padmanabhan   b bhattacharjee   t malkemus   l sigmod conference   2003.0 
the aqua approximate query answering system . sigmod 1999 s acharya   pb gibbons   v poosala   s ramaswamy proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
pix : exact and approximate phrase matching in xml . s amer-yahia   mf fernandez   d srivastava   y xu   
dow to fire up to 40 more employees for e-mail abuse m trombly computerworld    
ems response at a hazardous material incident : some basic guidelines . dm plante   js walker journal of emergency medicine   1989.0 
a theory of global control in multidatabase systems a zhang   ak elmagarmid the vldb  
predictive load controlforflexible buer allocation c faloutsos   rt ng   t sellis procs . of the 17th intl. conf . on vldb    
on searching transposed files ds batory acm transactions on database systems   1979.0 
the use of guidelines in interface design : practical design methods l tetzlaff   dr schwartz proceedings of acm chiâ ?? & hellip ;    
multidimensional spectral estimation jh mcclellan ieee   proceedings   1982.0 
are there barbarians at the gates of information systems ? j fedorowitz   d lee   jj sviokla   b weber proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1996.0 
similarity search in multimedia databases m patella   
le g.   and monceau   p.   1968 jg gilchrist phil . mag    
fluid motion recovery by coupling dense and parametric motion fields e memin   p perez proc . int . conf . computer vision    
lr   1923 tlr ayres phil . mag    
caoâ ?? s in de sector zorg en welzijn   februari 1998   æ ? 29   -- m beer   j ververs   
silent racism in white women b trepagnier  1996.0 
quantitative measurements of preferred orientation in rolled uranium bars gb harris phil . mag    
distributions of query plan costs for large join queries a swami technical report rj7908   ibm almaden research center   san jose    
weeds and weed control h nilsson proc . 29th swedish weed conference    
force feedback in shared virtual simulations p buttolo   r oboe   b hannaford   b mcneely proceedings micad   1996.0 
interventions for treating scabies gj walker   pw johnstone cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
semantics and implementation of schema evolution in object-oriented databases ''   procs j banerjee   w kim   hj kim   hf korth & hellip ; conference on management of data   san francisco   california    
feedback in the software evolution process mm lehman   
the influence of recall feedback in information retrieval on user satisfaction and user behavior ecm hoenkamp   hc van vugt   
enterprise java ( tm ) platform data access s white   r cattell   s finkelstein sigmod record   1998.0 
corticosteroids for treating severe sepsis and septic shock d annane   e bellissant   pe bollaert   j briegel   d cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
( ( efficient minimization of deterministic weak ï?â ?? automata ) )   2001 c loding submitted for  
new histogram techniques for selectivity estimation x yu   awc fu   nt shatin   h kong   
relaxing the universal relation scheme assumption j stein   d maier proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
testing for cointegration with transaction costs : the case of the law of one price t mastroyiannis   je pippenger   
alasvegasalgorithmforlinearprogrammingwhenthedimensionissmall kl clarkson proc . 29th annu . ieee sympos . found . comput . sci    
magnesium supplementation in pregnancy m makrides   ca crowther cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
an efficient cost model for optimization of nearest neighbor search in low and medium dimensional y tao   j zhang   d papadias   n mamoulis ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
parametric trajectory models for speech recognition h gish   k ng   
programas de educaciã ³ n para la tolerancia y prevenciã ³ n de la violencia en los jã ³ venes mj diaz-aguadoâ ? ¦ tomo i    
a vaccine purchase commitment : cost-effectiveness estimates and pricing guidelines . r glennerster   m kremer unpublished manuscript    
worldwide geothermal resources jc rowley see ref    
two studies show students gain when teaming up . gw bracey electronic learning   1988.0 
pcr protocols : a guide to methods and applications ( innis   ma   gelfand   dh   sninsky   jj   and white ma innis san diego    
learning argument/adjunct distinction for basque i aldezabal   m aranzabe   k gojenola   k sarasola   a   
guest editorial s chaudhuri data mining and knowledge discovery   2000.0 
on the flux distribution in a onedimensional disordered system c monthus   a comtet j. phys . i france   1994.0 
anatomy of the selection problem cf manski the journal of human resources   1989.0 
efficient query processing for multi-dimensionally clustered tables in db2 b bhattacharjee   s padmanabhan   t malkemus   t lai   proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
a formal approach to recovery by compensating transactions hf korth   e levy   a silberschatz vldb   1990.0 
surpassing the love of men : romantic friendship and love between women from the renaissance to the l faderman   
path caching : a technique for optimal external searching s ramaswamy   
fundamental concepts for environmental management education re roth  1969.0 
using the exact state space of a model to compute approximate stationary measures g ciardo   as miner   s donatelli proc . acm sigmetrics    
ranksql : supporting ranking queries in relational database management systems c li   ma soliman   kcc chang   if ilyas vldb   demonstration   2005.0 
gamma-ray compton profiles of aluminum s manninen   t paakkari   k kajantie phil . mag.   1974.0 
the need for carbon dioxide disposal : a threat and an opportunity ks lackner   dp butt   ch wendt paper from the proceedings of the 23rd international & hellip ;    
queue delay estimation and its application to tcp vegas k kim   ch choi computer networks   2003.0 
corticosteroids or acth for acute exacerbations in multiple sclerosis g filippini   f brusaferri   wa sibley   a citterio   cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
design methodology management : a formal approach r baldwin   mj chung ieee computer    
simple dimensionality reduction technique for fast similarity search in large time series databases ej keogh   mj pazzani   
a transaction mechanism for engineering design databases w kim   ra lorie   d mcnabb   w plouffe vldb   1984.0 
optimizationofquerieswithuserdefined predicates s chaudhuri   k shim  1996.0 
non-cooperative formation of multi-agent teams r axtell proc . aamas2002   acm press    
using latency-recency profiles for data delivery on the web l bright   l raschid vldb   2002.0 
cognitive and physiological antecedents of threat and challenge appraisal j tomaka   j blascovich   j kibler   jm ernst journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
i trapezitiki politiki tis eok en opsi tou 1992 gs zavvos  1989.0 
nulls in relational databases : revisited r kocharekar sigmod record    
albumin infusion for low serum albumin in preterm newborn infants la jardine   s jenkins-manning   mw davies cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
observations on the breeding of captive black bears   ursus americanus jc ludlow international conference on bear research and management    
warping of a computerized 3-d atlas to match brain image volumes for quantitative neuroanatomical ac evans   w dai   l collins   p neelin   s marrett proc . spie   1991.0 
telephone counselling for smoking cessation lf stead   t lancaster   r perera cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
synergistic authorization in database systems nh minsky vldb   1981.0 
microsoftâ ® project/visual basic reference mw zimmerman   j bloch  1996.0 
region-specific expression of murine hox genes implies the hox code-mediated patterning of the t sekimoto   k yoshinobu   m yoshida   s kuratani   s genes to cells   1998.0 
modeling sustainable harvest rates for grizzly bears rb harris unpublished manuscript    
leap : implementing a welfare initiative to improve school attendance among teenage parents d bloom   h kopp   d long   d polit new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
calpain upregulation in spinal cords of mice with 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1   2   3   6-tetrahydropyridine ( sk ray   gg wilford   sf ali   nl banik annals-new york academy of sciences   2000.0 
adaptive bang-bang-control for processes containig switching actuators ( eine adaptive u hoffmann  1987.0 
shifting paradigms with the application service provider model l tao   
average predictive effects for models with nonlinearity   interactions   and variance components a gelman   i pardoe unpublished manuscript   2003.0 
concurrency control in hierarchical multidatabase systems s mehrotra   hf korth   a silberschatz the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
recent bt patents sj harris bt technology journal   2002.0 
c.   1950 rc faust phil . mag    
state-level leadership for occupational education . nc harris new directions for higher education   1974.0 
a project effort estimation study n ohlsson   c wohlin   b regnell   
a formal approach to relationships in the unified modeling language g overgaard proceedings  
optimism biases among brokerage and non-brokerage firms ' equity recommendations : agency costs in the wt carleton   cr chen   tl steiner financial management   1998.0 
rastogi r. shim k. spirit : sequential pattern mining with regular expression constraints m garofalkis proc . 1999 int . conf . very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 99 )   & hellip ;    
ice formation in wave clouds : comparison of aircraft observations with measurements of ice nuclei . dc rogers   pj demott   wa cooper   rm rasmussen  1996.0 
distributed systems s mullenderâ ? ¦ acm  
march 30   1999   assistant district fish biologist   oregon state department of fish & wildlife   d harris ecology & environment   inc.   seattle    
japan loves wireless a cohen pc magazine    
an efficient algorithm to estimate the instantaneous snr of speech signals r martin   
& m. baker . measuring link bandwidths using a deterministic model of packet delay . k lai proceedings of acm sigcomm    
citizenship education : looking at government . le nielsen   jm finkelstein social studies and the young learner   1988.0 
reliability evaluation in distributed computing environments using the ahp hma fahmy computer networks   2001.0 
characterization of ulpa filters r wepfer icccs90   zurich   switzerland    
the promise of sociocultural theory in democratizing adult education mv alfred new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
the theory of matrices fr gantmacher   
haemoglobin and haematocrit targets for the anaemia of chronic renal disease gf strippoli   c manno   fp schena   jc craig cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
tyrosine-phosphorylated proteins including src and src-related kinases   and their subcellular ti pestina   pe stenberg   bi druker   sa steward   nk   
tracking periodic inputs using sampled compensators gf ledwich   
feedback stabilization of plasma instability plasma thrusters v prisniakov   a kapulkin proc . 26th int . electric propulsion conf.   rep.  
personality and social resources in stress resistance sc kobasa   mc puccetti journal of personality and social psychology   1983.0 
innovative models of learning environments w dittoe new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
a homotopy theory for stacks   electronic preprint arxiv : math s hollander   
van : 1973   begrip en inzicht   muusses   purmerend dpm hiele   
nonparametric versus parametric modelling-new statistical methods for model selection in n bissantz   a munk   a scholz  2002.0 
maintenance and testing effort modeled by linear and nonlinear dynamic systems f calzolari   p tonella   g antoniol information & software technology   2001.0 
asme detc2000/mech 14145   baltimore bj choi   s johnson   sv sreenivasan   m colburn   t md    
jf naughton   and da schneider . practical selectivity estimation through adaptive sampling rj lipton proc   of acm sigmod con &    
espnet : expert-system-based simulator of petri nets j duggan   j browne & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1988.0 
query rewrite optimization rules in ibm db2 universal database ty leung   h pirahesh   p seshadri   
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large data sets s guha   r rastogi   k shim published in the proceedings of the acm sigmod conference    
inequality   productivity and child labor : theory and evidence ca rogers   ka swinnerton unpublished manuscript   2001.0 
improving disambiguation of prepositional phrase attachments using the web as corpus h calvo   a gelbukh   
information extraction from symbolically compressed images ds lee   jj hull procs .  
hyper-lp : a system for power minimization using architectural transformations ap chandrakasan   m potkonjak   j rabaey   rw proceedings of the 1992 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1992.0 
somatic diversification and selection of immunoglobulin heavy and light chain variable region genes s hashimoto   m dono   m wakai   sl allen   sm md   1992.0 
site of erythropoietin formation a kurtz   ku eckardt   r neumann   b kaissling   m le contributions to nephrology   1989.0 
user location and tracking in an inbuilding radio network p bahl   vn padmanabhan technical report   microsoft research ( february  
query processing in a system for distributed databases ( sdd-1 ) n goodman   pa bernstein   e wong   cl reeve   jb acm trans . database syst    
note on the theory of permutations a cayley phil . mag    
treatise on the shift operator : spectral function theory nk nikol ` skii  1986.0 
techniques for the study of qos in ip networks sf carter   nw macfadyen   gar martin   rl southgate bt technology journal   2002.0 
designing and grading written assignments eh hobson new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
interventions for pathological gambling ma oakley-browne   p adams   pm mobberley cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
variability in the likelihood of automatic attitude activation : data reanalysis and commentary on rh fazio journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
numerical simulation of 2 d blade vortex interaction using moving overset grids c benoit european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
immune suppression of mycoplasma hyopneumoniae infected swine proc mj wannemueller proc . int . organ .  
acupuncture for smoking cessation ar white   h rampes   e ernst cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
3 . sobolewski   â ?? disk allocstion for cartesian product files on multiple-disk systems   â ?? hc du acm trans . database  
population   resources   and the ideology of science d harvey economic geography   1974.0 
a new proposal for seed plant phylogeny : abstract volume of the fifth quadrenniial conference of the lj hickey santa barbara   california    
balneotherapy for rheumatoid arthritis ap verhagen   sm bierma-zeinstra   jr cardoso   ra de cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
calculating stack distances efficiently g almasi   c cascaval   da padua   
corticosteroids for the resolution of malignant bowel obstruction in advanced gynaecological and dj feuer   ke broadley cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
olanzapine for schizophrenia l duggan   m fenton   rm dardennes   a el-dosoky   s cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
exh . 48 [ 408-509 ] and 49 [ 510-512 ]   respectively dm ka002730  2730.0 
arena : adaptive distributed catalog infrastructure based on relevance networks v zadorozhny   a gal   l raschid   q ye proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
clozapine versus typical neuroleptic medication for schizophrenia k wahlbeck   m cheine   ma essaliâ ? ¦ cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
parallel processing and document layout h brown   
on the power of magic . in : proc of the acm symp on principles of database systems c beeri   r ramakrishnan  1987.0 
recognitionand interpretationof parametric gesture ad wilson   af bobick proc . int . conf . comp . vis    
building community capacity rj chaskin   p brown   sa venkatesh   a vidal  2001.0 
video cubism a klein   p sloan   a colburn   a finkelstein   m technical report msr-tr-2001-45   microsoft research technical  
spectral analysis of heart rate without resampling gb moody time  
algorithms for parameter estimation in dynamic tracer studies using positron-emission tomography jm ollinger  1986.0 
inverted files versus signature files for text indexing j zobel   a moffat   k ramamohanarao acm transactions on database systems   1998.0 
distributed database management jb rothnie vldb   1978.0 
analysis of the clustering properties of hilbert space-filling curve   university of maryland at b moon   hv jagadish   c faloutsos   jh saltz md    
language : english document type : editorial doi : 10.1016 / s1389-1286 ( 03 ) 00201-9 if akyildiz   h rudin computer networks   2003.0 
pursuing the ph. d. in the sciences and engineering : trends and observations re salters new directions for higher education   1997.0 
ditching the commute k girard computerworld    
the real costs of pcs p strassman   
the coalescent . stoch jfc kingman proc . appl    
a unified classification system for research in the computing disciplines i vessey   v ramesh   rl glass information and software technology   2005.0 
resources on instructional consultation s piccinin   c knapper new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
detection of moving objects using a robust displacement estimation including a statistical error m hã ¶ tter   r mester   m meyer proc . int . conf . pattern recognition    
discovering columbus : classroom activities . r moulden social studies and the young learner   1992.0 
on the tails of the distribution of the maximum of a gaussian process jm bardet   m wschebor  2000.0 
the effect of soil moisture on the uptake of herbicide by gorse a thompson proc . 28th nz weed and pest control conference    
fourierprinciples foremotion-basedhuman gureanimation m unuma   k anjyo   r takeuchi proceedings of acm  
a quality-model-based approach for describing and evaluating software components x franch   jp carvallo procs . 10 thinternational conference on requirements  
wireless access c fenton   b nigeon   b willis   j harris bt technology journal   2000.0 
back-off smoothing in a syntactic approach to language modelling g bordel   i torres   e vidal proc . icslp    
infections after liver transplantation : risk factors and prevention . m martin   s kusne   m alessiani   r simmons   te transplantation proceedings   1991.0 
nicotine for alzheimerâ ?? s disease jm lopez-arrieta   jl rodriguez   f sanz cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
potential water quality and production benefits from reduced herbicide inputs through banding jl baker   ts colvin   dc erbach   rs kanwar & hellip ;   integrated farm management demonstration program   ifm-16   & hellip ;    
aw moore in sa schaal cg atkeson locally weighted learning . artificial intelligence review    
experiential learning across the curriculum : assumptions and principles . published in knowing and p hutchings new directions for teaching and learning   number    
multivariable curve interpolation j ferguson journal of the acm ( jacm )   1964.0 
adaptive estimation of bioactivities in the activated sludge process s marsili-libelli & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1990.0 
evaluation of signature files as set access facilitiesin oodbs y ishikawa   h kitagawa   n ohbo proc . of acm sigmod international conf . on management of  
field emission and field ionization r gomer new york :  
the western canon : the books and school of the ages h bloom   
multimedia information management in an object-oriented system d woeld   w kim proc . of the 13th vldb conference   brighton    
the future of the hydrogen economy : bright or bleak ? b eliasson   u bossel   
fire ant allergy . ct stafford allergy procs   1992.0 
analysis of predictive spatio-temporal queries y tao   j sun   d papadias acm transactions on database systems   2003.0 
ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã ?   ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ?   ã ? ã?ã?ã ?   ã ? ã?ã ?   sigmod record   2004.0 
polybrominated diphenyl ethers : distribution of tetra-and pentabromo-congeners in c57 bl mice po darnerud   s risberg submitted for publication    
electromagnetic radiation from cylindrical structures jr wait   
algorithm of extremal regulation of the energy distribution in a power reactor iy emel ` yanov   vv postnikov   gv yurkin at .  
basic education and economic development : a comparative study of japan   china and india g balatchandirane   r ranjan   s chakrabarti international studies-bombay then new delhi -   2001.0 
tap : a semantic web platform r guha   r mccool computer networks   2003.0 
essentials of clinical geriatrics . rl lane   jg ousland   ib abrass   
insecticide resistance in fleas mk rust proc . int . symp . ectoparasites pets    
attribute agreement yc tay proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1989.0 
phased array theory and technology rj milloux ieee   proceedings   1982.0 
creasing : formulating a hypothesis lc holtzhausen proc . int . soc . citriculture    
women and empowerment : part i. simulation for early elementary social studies . me hauser   jc hauser social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
wavelet-based neural net work with fuzzy-logic adaptivi ty for nuclear image restoration w qian   lp clarke proceedings-ieee   1996.0 
interventions for preventing tobacco sales to minors lf stead   t lancaster cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
single-shot spectral measurements of multimode pulsed dye lasers ( abstract only ) t kajava   h lauranto   r salomaa oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
extended state space model based predictive control   '' d di ruscio submitted for  
risk sharing in a stochastic overlapping generations model h bohn  1998.0 
portals : toward an application framework for interoperability ma smith communications-acm   2004.0 
robotic food chains : externalization of state and program for minimal-agent foraging bb werger   mj mataric from animals to animats    
theory of ionization fluctuations je moyal phil . mag    
an overview of the production quality compiler-compiler project w wulf   b leverett   r cattell   s hobbs   j newcomer ieee computer    
towards usability guidelines for multimedia systems m bearne   s jones   j sapsford-francis proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
editorial j regnault   r temple bt technology journal   2001.0 
proto-oncogene of int-3   a mouse notch homologue   is expressed in endothelial cells during early y shirayoshi   y yuasa   t suzuki   k sugaya   e genes to cells   1997.0 
long-range predictive control using weighting-sequence models dw clarke   
stock splits and information : the role of share price rm conroy   rs harris financial management   1999.0 
query optimization in the presence of foreign functions s chaudhuri   k shim proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
m-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metric t ciaccia   m patella   p zezula proc . 23rd int . conf . on vldb    
interventions for treating acute and chronic achilles tendinitis gj mclauchlan   hh handoll cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
energy minimization with discontinuities y boykov   o veksler   r zabih submitted for  
multimedia call admission control with qos-guaranteeing in next-generation wireless networks : a f hu   nk sharma computer  
there 's more to self-esteem than whether it is high or low : the importance of stability of self - mh kernis   dp cornell   cr sun   a berry journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
on a special case of hadwiger 's conjecture md plummer   m stiebitz   b toft discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2003.0 
system/u : a database system based on the universal relation assumption hf korth   gm kuper   j feigenbaum   a van gelder   jd acm transactions on database systems   1984.0 
the family transition program : implementation and three-year impacts of floridaâ ?? s initial time - d bloom   m farrell   jj kemple   n verma  1999.0 
academic press   inc e cg san diego    
computing facts in non-horn deductive systems el lozinskii vldb   1988.0 
views   objects   and databases g wiederhold   
donâ ?? t forget dr. frankenstein l sproull   s kiesler computerworld    
the usda food safety and inspection services perspective on the impact of the slaughter plant haccp b buntain allen d. leman swine conference . proceedings    
an enhanced concurrency control scheme for multidimensional index structures si song   yh kim   js yoo ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
multiple self-organizing maps for intrusion detection bc rhodes   ja mahaffey   jd cannady   
unisqlâ ?? s nextgeneration object-relational database management system   p janus acm sigmod record   1996.0 
neuromancer paperback edition publiched in 1995 by voyager   an imprint of harpercollins publishers w gibson   
mobility management in next-generation wireless systems if akyildiz   j mcnair   jsm ho   w wang proceedings-ieee   1999.0 
adaptive estimation for a time inhomogeneous stochastic volatility model w hardle   vg spokoiny   g teyssiere unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
editorial : inductive logic programming is coming of age p flach   s då 3/4 eroski machine learning   2001.0 
extragalactic astronomy including observational cosmology e elvius proceedings of the crafoord symposium   stockholm   september & hellip ;   1992.0 
w. b & xâ ?? aâ ?? object-oriented approach to multimedia databasesâ ?? dww kim proceedings of acm sigmod    
needed : distributed control pg comba vldb   1975.0 
sigmod 1999 a delis   c faloutsos   s ghandeharizadeh proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
econometric theory as goldberger   
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation and acupuncture-like transcutaneous electrical nerve jg gadsby   mw flowerdew cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
measure for measure ha rubin computerworld    
improving end-to-end performance of the web using server volumes andproxy filters e cohen   b krishnamurthy   j rexford proc . acm  
selectivity estimation in spatial databases s acharya   v poosala   s ramaswamy   
s. and pazzani mj : locally adaptive dimensionality reduction for indexing large time series e keogh   km chakrabarti proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference  
building a convincing test of a public housing employment program using non-experimental methods hs bloom new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
compressed histograms with arbitrary bucket layouts for selectivity estimation d fuchs   z he   bs lee   
editorial ( s ) m shepperd   m dyer information and software technology   2001.0 
b + trees and indexed sequential files : a performance comparison ds batory   
languages for end users . l harris computerworld.   1985.0 
multivalency and cooperativity in supramolecular chemistry . jd badji   a nelson   sj cantrill   wb turnbull   jf acc . chem . res   2005.0 
parametric query optimization j madhavan   
on-line information systems in anatomy : the digital anatomist interactive atlases jf brinkley   kr eno   sw bradley   jw sundsten   c  1997.0 
using magic words to teach social studies k barton social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
algorithms and environments for complementarity ts munson  2000.0 
bone disease in liver transplant recipients : incidence   timing   and risk factors mk porayko   rh wiesner   je hay   raf krom   er transplant proc   1991.0 
explanation structures in xsel k kukich proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ;   1985.0 
querying multi-dimensional data indexed using the hilbert space-filling curve jk lawder sigmod record   2001.0 
quality of service and flow-aware admission control in the internet n benameur   sb fredj   s oueslati-boulahia   j computer networks    
daffe/clp/wp3 / wd ( 2001 ) 10 r by finland   
editorial : electronic area m bradshaw area   2001.0 
signal-dependent nonlinearities for physical models using time-varying fractional delay filters v vã $ limã $ ki   t tolonen   m karjalainen   
a new approach to alas/gaas quantum dot structures using movpe on tetrahedral-shaped recesses formed y sakuma   y sugiyama   s muto   n yokoyama  1994.0 
vestibulo-ocular relations b cohen see ref    
exact description of reachable sets and global optimality conditions mm khrustalev avtomatika i telemekhanika    
rate-constrained motion estimation b girod proc . spie   1994.0 
predictive software metrics based on a formal specification wb samson   dg nevill   pi dugard information and software technology   1987.0 
sifting out erroneous observations in coadsâ ?? the trimming problem k wolter   
a comparison of model building techniques to develop predictive equations for software metrics ar gray   sg macdonell information and software technology    
dynamic algorithm for linear quadratic gaussian predictive control aw ordys   me hangstrup   mj grimble applied mathematics and computer science   2000.0 
harrison jp 1965 d greig phil . mag    
a theory of global concurrency control in multidatabase systems a zhang   ak elmagarmid the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
1   2005   transpro sold g & o manufacturing to modine for $ 17 million in cash e march   
consumption of a functional oil composed of medium chain triacylglycerols   phytosterols and n-3 c bourque   mp st-onge   aa papamandjaris   js cohn   submitted for publication    
anatomy of a modular multiple query optimizer s chakravarthy   a rosenthal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
multimodal analysis of recorded video for e-learning t martin   a boucher   jm ogier proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
interventions for treating trichomoniasis in women f forna   am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
sylvia ( 1881â ?? 1968 ) . the garden   rowlandson house . etching and aquatint   1912 e gosse   
zenith system for object management in distributed multimedia design environments . z kemp   e oxborrow   m davy   p linington   r thearle information and software  
the search for a model of healthcare-an analysis of the history and prospects as seen in the uk b cohen   b molteno conf . procs . of the    
siltation of australian reservoirs : some observations and dam safety implications . h chanson   dp james   
dual/primal mesh optimization for polygonized implicit surfaces y ohtake   ag belyaev proceedings seventh acm symposium on solid modeling and & hellip ;   2002.0 
the aqua approximate query answering system sa cr941   pb gibbons   v poosaia   s ramaswamy proc . acm sigmod lnrernational co @ on management of data   & hellip ;    
modula-3 language definition l cardelli   j donahue   l glassman   m jordan   b acm sigplan notices   1992.0 
harvard preprint hutp-9o / a075.-9 . ka olive   dn schramm   g. steigman a. ndtp \ \ va. lker s glashow phys . lett .  
a multimodal framework for music inputs ( poster session ) g haus   e pollastri proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2000.0 
from deregulation to co-regulation . neo-corporatism and its contribution to a theory of coordinated h jã ¸ rgensen unpublished manuscript    
cb an douglas sj de couto   hi lee   and r. morris   â ?? capacity of ad hoc wireless networks   â ?? j li proceedings of acm mobicom    
the calipso mission : aerosol and cloud observations from space d winker   j pelon   mp mccormick proc . 21st int . lidar radar conf    
application of genetic algorithms to optimum offshore plant design pa joyce   ta withers   pj hickling proceedings of esrel    
on the power of magic c been   
â ?? guidance for industryâ ?? preparation of food contact notifications and food additive petitions for us food   d administration md    
final report on floridaâ ?? s initial time-limited welfare program d bloom   jj kemple   p morris   s scrivener   n verma   
second edition   edited by twigg mv c handbook  1996.0 
induction of icam-1 on hepatocyte membranes during liver allograft rejection and infection g steinhoff   m behrend   r pichlmayr trans . proc   1990.0 
a two-level windowed register file bk bray   mj flynn   
distributed systems for system architects : kluwer academic publishers   2001 p verissimo   l rodrigues   
the constitutive rule revisited f hindriks procs . of 3rd conference on collective intentionality    
method engineering for multi-perspective software engineering b nuseibeh   a finkelstein   j kramer information and software technology    
special issue on rule management and processing in expert database systems - letter from the guest tk sellis sigmod record    
a statistical study on the transient hollow cathode discharge p choi   r aliaga proc . int . conf . gas  
an efficient motion estimation technique based on a rate-distortion criterion wc chung   f kossentini   mjt smith proceedings  
sddl : a system for distributed databases jb rothnieâ ? ¦ acm trans . database syst    
degradation of observations in the uv of the global ozone monitoring experiment ( gome ) cp tanzi   r snel   i aben proc . int . radiation symp.   july    
comparison of four in vitro assays for specific ige detection p boccagni   f favari   g zanoni   a pezzini international journal of clinical and laboratory research   1994.0 
network operating systems : playing the odds g gunnerson pc magazine-american edition -   1993.0 
ssris versus other antidepressants for depressive disorder jr geddes   n freemantle   j mason   mp eccles   j cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
an agent-based middleware - a solution for terminal and user mobility s lipperts   asb park computer networks   1999.0 
stat : a state transition analysis tool for intrusion deflection p pfleeger & hellip ; thesis   university of california   santa barbara   california    
the determination of dislocation densities in thin films rk ham phil . mag    
encouraging your students to give feedback md svinicki new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
automatic detection and repair of errors in data structures b demsky   m rinard   
control of force distribution for power grasp in the digits system k mirza   de orin   
recent bt patents jr mason bt technology journal   2002.0 
hematin compounds and bile pigments r lemberg   jw legge new york    
airborne doppler radar observations in hurricane alicia fd marks conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
an authorization system for temporal data a gal   v atluri   g xu   
prolonged skin allograft survival in mice treated with flt3-ligand-induced dendritic cells and anti- tg markees   ne phillips   ej gordon   rj noelle   c transplantation proceedings   1999.0 
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large database s guha   r rastogi   k shim proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   seattle   & hellip ;    
rapportage arbeidsmarkt zorg en welzijn 2001   hoofdrapport en bijlagen   oktober 2001   â 1/4 -- posa nivel   
nanoscale materials jr heath acc . chem . res    
dense multiway trees ii karel culik   t ottmann   d wood acm trans . database syst    
the plane jet wg bickley phil . mag    
lower-bounding of dynamic time warping distances for multivariate time series tmrr manmatha technical report mm-40   university of massachusetts amherst    
information of aerosol extinction-to-backscatter ratios using aeronet measurements and cluster a omar   j won   s yoon   mp mccormick proc . 21st int . laser radar  
models of respiratory phase-switching mi cohen   jl feldman fed proc   1977.0 
computing facts in non-horn deductive systems e lozinski proc of vldb    
design of a feedback active control regulator for reduction of vibrations or noise in a helicopter jj costes   i legrain-naudin european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
the angular dislocation eh yoffe phil . mag    
on digital signature and public key cryptographic rl rivest   a shamir   lm adleman mit laboratory for computer science   technical report   mit/lcs /  
fusionnet : joining the internet and phone networks for multimedia applications mr civanlar   gl cash   bg haskell proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
corporate culture -- college culture . wb martin new directions for higher education   1985.0 
trends for the information technology industry g wiederhold   
hydraulic characteristics of soilsaprolite profiles from north carolina piedmont gg simpson proc . 29th meeting of the soil sci . soc.   north carolina    
a performance study of query optimization algorithms on a database system supporting procedures a jhingran vldb   1988.0 
evaluation utilization revisited mf smith new directions for program evaluation   1988.0 
decomposition-a strategy for query proce . ssmg e wong   k youssefi acm trans . database syst . 1   3 ( sept. 1979 )    
research methods in education l cohen   l manion   
globally optimising formant tracker using generalised centroids a crowe   ma jack electronic letters    
research directions in object-oriented databases w kim proc . of the 9th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ;    
cabergoline versus bromocriptine for levodopa-induced complications in parkinsonâ ?? s disease ce clarke   kd deane cochrane database syst . rev   2001.0 
engineering 2001 o design  2001.0 
m-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metric spaces p ciaccia vldb   1997.0 
tiered approach for evaluating sediment quality at multiple coastal and riverine dredging projects ar turner water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
measurement program success factors revisited f niessink   h vliet information & software technology   2001.0 
etal   1998   a & a supp j bloom press ( procs . rome conference on  
inserting and deleting records in blocked sequential files de willard submitted for  
homotopy equivalences of 3-manifolds with boundaries k johannson  1979.0 
eutrophication of lakes and reservoirs in the united kingdom : causes   effects and controls t harris geography    
narcissism : theory and measurement ra emmons journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
locally weighted learning for control cg atkeson   aw moore   s schaal artificial intelligence review   1997.0 
evaluation : the web white and blue network   2000 a lupia san diego    
daffe/clp/wp3 / wd ( 2001 ) 5 r by italy   
isozymes of cytochrome p-450 that metabolize naphthalene in liver and lung of untreated mice k nagata   bm martin   jr gillette   ha sasame   
scsi technology grows up j karney pc magazine   1993.0 
milprit : mining interval logic patterns with regular expression constraints s de amo   a giacometti   ms santana   
detection and imaging of moving objects with synthetic aperture radar s barbarossa iee proceedings-f   1992.0 
â ?? notes on the absorption and scattering of x-rays and the characteristic radiation of j-series cg barkla   mp white phil . mag    
agency costs and the oversight of charitable organizations ga manne wisconsin law review   1999.0 
o correio eletrã ´ nico vai alã © m da rede local n burns pc magazine brasil   julho    
non-latex versus latex male condoms for contraception mf gallo   da grimes   kf schulz cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
evaluation of student-centered teaching . v faw unpublished manuscript    
tips for teams k melymuka computerworld    
defining and describing the paradigm issue in mixed-method evaluation jc greene   vj caracelli new directions for program evaluation   1997.0 
editorial s rudkin bt technology journal   2005.0 
constrained receding-horizon predictive control dw clarke   r scattolini   
an anatomy of the information resource semantic abstraction la kalinichenko sigmod record   1991.0 
a ddsm for relational query optimization bml kerschberg proc . acm annual conference    
pairwise comparison of hypotheses in evolutionary learning k krawiec   
early renal function loss after lung transplantatin : analysis of peri-opertive risk factors j broekroelofs   bg loef   ca stegeman   gj navis   ah   
spectral classificatoin of comets j bouska study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 
is there a preference-shaping effect of law p funk  2002.0 
learning response time for websources using query feedback and application in query optimization jr gruser   l raschid   v zadorozhny   t zhan the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
thermal ablation therapy for focal malignancy : a unified approach to underlying principles   sn goldberg   jb kruskal   gs gazelle proceedings of spie   2003.0 
workflow mining : discovering process models from event logs w van der aalst   t weijters   l maruster ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
approximate similarity queries : a survey p ciaccia   m patella   
analysis of index-sequential files with overflow chaining pã ? larson acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1981.0 
anda . silberschatz . a formalapproachto recoveryby compensating transactions hf korth   e levy proceedings of the 16th international conference on vldb    
transaction management in an object-oriented data model jf garza   w kim proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
lower bounds for randomized kserver algorithms hj karlo   y rabani   y ravid proceedings of the 23rd annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;    
automated resolution of semantic heterogeneity in multi-databases ar huroson   s pakzad acm transactions on database systems    
feedback in shared digital maps b johansson   r granlund & hellip ; lind proceedings to eam 2001   copenhagen   25-27 june   2001    
finite element cad for microwave filters s verdeyme   d billargeat   s bila   s moraud   h proc 28th eumc workshop   amsterdam   netherlands   oct    
pasp j patterson   j thorstensen   j kemp   l jensen   t  2000.0 
perceived control and distress following sexual assault : a longitudinal test of a new model pa frazier journal of personality and social psychology   2003.0 
time-parameterized queries in spatio-temporal databases y tao   d papadias sigmod conference   2002.0 
scan-speech content based audio navigator : a systems overview j choi   d hindle   j hirschberg   i magrin -   
iron supplementation in pregnancy k mahomed cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
journalism ethics d elliot   de cohen santa barbara   california : abc-clio    
new sampling-based summary statistics for improving approximate query answers . pages 331 -- 342 pb gibbons   y matias  1998.0 
buprenorphine for the management of opioid withdrawal l gowing   r ali   j white cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
exploitation   exploration   and process management : the productivity dilemma revisited mj benner   ml tushman   
moment method solution using parametric geometry   '' 1994 international ieee ap-s symposium digest   jm song   wc chew seattle   washington   june    
mice lacking smooth muscle calponin display increased bone formation that is associated with h yoshikawa   s taniguchi   h yamamura   s mori   m genes to cells   1998.0 
the skin of fishes including cyclostomes : epidermis m whitear biology of the integument   1986.0 
hla and congenital adrenal hyperplasia linkage confirmed da price   pt klouda   r harris lancet i    
individual psychodynamic psychotherapy and psychoanalysis for schizophrenia and severe mental l malmberg   m fenton cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
generalised prioritisation : a new way of combining similarity metrics a ferguson   d bridge   
component   image and factor analysis of tests of intellect and of motor performance cw harris   mr liba  1965.0 
a reduction for asymptotic teichmuller spaces h miyachi   
homeopathy for chronic asthma k linde   ka jobst cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
the case of the missing scales : a commentary on cox dr judd political geography   1998.0 
uml class diagrams revisited in the context of agent-based systems b bauer lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
korostynska   0.   and harris   j.   â ?? yradiation dosimetry using screen printed nickel oxide thick k arshak proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;    
the gradual threshold model of ambivalence : relating the positive and negative bases of attitudes to jr priester   re petty journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
performance and scalability of client-server database architectures   '' 18th intl a delis   n roussopoulos conf . on very large data bases   vancouver   bc   canada    
- and post-perihelion spectroscopic observations of comet kohoutek ( 1973f ) s wyckoff   p wehinger study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 
assessing students ' written projects r gray new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
dynamically distributed query evaluation j trevor   d suciu proceedings of the twentieth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart  
s.   1959 zs basinski phil . mag    
improved histograms for selectivity estimation of range predicates proc . of the 1996 acm sigmod v poosala   ye ioannidis   pj haas   ej shekita  1996.0 
effects of ego threat and threat of pain on state anxiety wf hodges journal of personality and social psychology   1968.0 
kernel k-means   spectral clustering and normalized cuts is dhillon   y guan   b kulis   
clamp and clamp loader structures of the human checkpoint protein complexes   rad9-1-1 and rad17-rfc y shiomi   a shinozaki   d nakada   k sugimoto   j genes to cells   2002.0 
molecular dynamics simulations of biomolecules ( editorial ) m karplus acc . chem . res    
semantic similarity over the gene ontology : family correlation and selecting disjunctive ancestors fm couto   mj silva   pm coutinho proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
editorial j harmer   j turnbull bt technology journal   2002.0 
an introduction to wavelets academic ck chui san diego   calif    
note on the boundary layer on a rotating sphere l howarth phil . mag    
optimization and evaluation of database queries including embedded interpolation procedures l neugebauer   
a theory and method of love c hendrick   s hendrick journal of personality and social psychology    
feedback systems : input-output properties ca desoer   m vidyasagar   
functional-join processing r braumandl   j claussen   a kemper   d kossmann the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
the r * tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles [ c ] n beckmen proc of acm sig  
programmierkurs fã 1/4 r naturwissenschaftler und ingenieure addison-wesley 2001 w kinzel  1779.0 
quanta release 2000 ms inc san diego    
thioridazine for schizophrenia a sultana   j reilly   m fenton cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
the internationalisation of us and uk real estate service providers : competing for a global badge of   g keogh   s roulac   
corn variety trials 1987-1990 . p. 42-44 rc stephenson polk county agricultural research/demonstration project & hellip ;    
diversity pays off k melymuka computerworld    
observations on deixis and pointing based on the bielefeld corpus of task-oriented dialogue h rieser   
1999b : relating boundary layer flux measurements to remotely-sensed radiometric data ph schuepp   rl desjardins   m bastin   s ogunjemiyo   proc . fourth int . airborne remote sensing conf . / 21st  
a case study : linking students across geographical and cultural distances sj romanoff new directions for teaching and learning   2003.0 
high temperature and environmental effects on polymeric composites ce harris   ts gates   
the det curve in assessment of detection task performance a martin   g doddington   t kamm   m ordowski   m   
localized corrosion of metals j tousek trans tech publications   zurich   switzerland  
a signature access method for the starburst database system ww chang vldb   1989.0 
profiles of organizational influence strategies ( pois ) . form s   c   m d kipnis   sm schmidt  1982.0 
human nature and the nature of romantic love h harris  1995.0 
grid-based indexing for large time series databases j an   h chen   k furuse   n ohbo   e keogh   
implementation of a compiler for a semantic data model b nixon   l chung   d lauzon   a borgida   j proc . acmsigmod    
semantic assumptions and query evaluation in temporal databases c bettini   xs wang   e bertino   s jajodia proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0 
a locally symmetric kaehler einstein structure on a tube in the tangent bundle of a space form v oproiu   n papaghiuc to  
onebraker   a. jhingran   j. goh   and s. potamianos . on rules   procedures   caching and views in data m st proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
early instruction by the college : johns hopkins ' center for talented youth . wg durden new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0 
influence of bcl-2 over-expression on growth and productivity of a cho cell line over-expressing a bt tey   rp singh   l piredda   m piacentini   m al -  1999.0 
nature and origin of at ype granites with particular reference to south-eastern australia wj collins   sd beams   ajr whiteâ ? ¦  1982.0 
magnetic hysteresis in superconducting colloids   1952 ab pippard phil . mag    
crosstalk driven layout x yang  1997.0 
finkelstein . set-orientedproductionrulesinrelationnal database systems j widomets acm-sigmod   international conference on management of  
a unified fitness function calculation rule for flag conditions to improve evolutionary testing x liu   h liu   b wang   p chen   x cai proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
polynesian outliers : a study in the survival of small populations s black see ref    
technical report mit-lcs-tr824 : location proxies and intermediate node forwarding for practical dd couto   r morris technical report   mit laboratory for computer science   june  
r and march nh 1955 lcr alfred phil . mag    
on the positive orthosymmetric bilinear maps k boulabiar   
shrex : managing xml documents in relational databases f du   s amer-yahia   j freire proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
a hierarchical approach to concurrency control for multidatabases y leu   ak elmagarmid   
application of virtual environments to the training of naval personnel.â ?? w levison   r pew   d getty  1994.0 
predictive scheduling of network processors t wolf   p pappu   ma franklin computer networks   2003.0 
topics in galois theory   no jp serre   
cryptanalysis of xinmei digital signature scheme j van tilburg electronic letters   1992.0 
popular medicine in hios s haviara-karahalios  1993.0 
interventions for the treatment of twin-twin transfusion syndrome d roberts   jp neilson   am weindling cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
the aids knowledge base ; 1994 p cohen   ma sande   pa volberding   
computer graphics : the introductory course grows up l hitchner   s cunningham   s grissom   r wolfe acm sigcse bulletin   1999.0 
services via mobility portals d ralph   cg shephard bt technology journal   2001.0 
editorial am jell   dn clough bt technology journal   2000.0 
the instruction of amenemope : a critical edition and commentary prolegomenon and prologue jr black  2002.0 
microsoft powerpoint at a glance p inc  1997.0 
the impact of the value of womenâ ? s time on food and nutritionâ ? b senauer i.  
locally weighted regression for control cg atkeson   aw moore   s schaal artificial intelligence review    
a semantic modeling approach for video retrieval by content e ardizzone   ms hacid   
an efficient clustering for large database s guha   r rastogi   k shim proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
game specification in the trias politica g boella   l van der torre   
valproate for acute mood episodes in bipolar disorder k macritchie   jr geddes   j scott   d haslam   m de cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
unified dynamic hashing jk mullin vldb   1984.0 
parametric optimization of synthetic gratings using vector diffraction theory ( abstract only ) e noponen   a vasara   j turunen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
mobile computing : fertile research area or black hole ? hf korth   
packing up to 200 equal circles in a square pg szabo   e specht submitted for  
supporting top-k join queries in relational databases if ilyas   wg aref   ak elmagarmid the vldb journal   2004.0 
query refinement for content-based multimedia retrieval in mars k porkaew   k chakrabarti   s mehrotra proceedings of acm multimedia conference   1999.0 
trust building on corporate collaborative project teams vl herzog project management journal   2001.0 
evaluation and reform dk cohen new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 
on rules   proccdurcs   caching   and views in data base m stoncbrakcr   a jhingran   j goh   s potamiarros systcms . acm-sigmod international conference on the & hellip ;    
towards a unified theory of modulation part i : phase-envelope relationships hb voelcker proc . ieee    
adaptive clutter suppression for airborne phased array radars r klemm iee proceedings   1983.0 
stereotype threat and the intellectual test performance of african americans cm steele   j aronson journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
special issue on management of semistructured data d suciu sigmod record    
antifungal therapies for allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis in people with cystic fibrosis h elphick   k southern cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
a real time programmable data compression system for video data ( real time programmable video data rl kutz   ld davisson & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1971.0 
the motor cortex of the cat . . af borge  1950.0 
city of san diego land guidance system . design guidelines/final public review draft c associates  1992.0 
relationship between depression and thyroid function in rural kenya jj haggerty   m marquardt   g mason   c newman   aj proc viii world congr psychiatry   athens   greece    
endoscopic submucosal dissection for early gastric cancer using flex knife y naohisa & hellip ; international endoscopy conference with live demonstration & hellip ;    
on the varietiesof languages associatedwith some varieties of finite monoids with commuting cj ash   te hall   je pin   
offline and data stream algorithms for efficient computation of synopsis structures s guha   k shim proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
statistical mechanics of chain molecules pj flory   
constraints for query optimization in deductive databases j harland   k ramamohanarao   
measuring the emissions of passing cars dh stedman acc . chem . res    
galileo nims near-infrared observations of jupiter 's ring system s mcmuldroch   sh pilorz   ge danielsonâ ? ¦ icarus-new york -   2000.0 
s-plus 2000   professional edition for windows   release 1 i mathsoft  1999.0 
on classes of nonstationary parametric processes ja sills   ew kamen proc . 29th conf . inf . sci . syst . johns hopkins univ    
digital light processing and mems : timely convergence for a bright future lj hornbeck proc . spie    
guest editorial h simon public administration review   1995.0 
causality in economics s leroy   
relating exemplary teaching to student learning ta angelo new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
the arrangement of atoms in crystals wl bragg phil . mag    
optimal partial-match retrieval when tields are independently specified av afro   jd ullw acm trans . database syst . 4   2 ( june 1979 )    
dominance functions for parametric lagrangians s hildebrandt   h von der mosel to  
real-time compositing system of a real camera and a computer graphic image k haseba   a suzuki   k fukui   m hayashi proc . int &#39; l broadcasting  
next-generation content representation   creation   and searching for new-media applications in sf chang   a eleftheriadis   r mcclintock proceedings-ieee   1998.0 
spatial   temporal and spatio-temporal databases-hot issues and directions for phd research j roddick sigmod record   2004.0 
an authorization model for multimedia digital libraries n kodali   c farkas   d wijesekera international journal on digital libraries   2004.0 
kt wong . optimization of nestedsql queries revisited ra ganski andh proceedings of the sigmod international conference on  
132   1006 ( 1933 ) [ cas ] gp thomson phil . mag    
writing diffractive structures by optical trapping jmr fournier   mm burns   ja golovchenko proc . spie   1995.0 
guest editorial pa bernstein   y ioannidis   r ramakrishnan the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
the evolving virus threat c nachenberg   
global query optimization tk sellis proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1986.0 
sputtering of gold foils in a high voltage electron microscope : a comparison of theory and d cherns   mw finnis   md matthews phil . mag    
landloc : landmark-based user location vn padmanabhan   
linear clustering of objects with multiple attributes j hv proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
manejo de las relaciones con los clientes kj bannan pc magazine en espaã ± ol    
mcafee : new virus is first to infect image files . s costello   
primary angioplasty versus intravenous thrombolysis for acute myocardial infarction m cucherat   e bonnefoy   g tremeauâ ? ¦ cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
improved histograms for selectivity estimation v poosala   y ioannidis   p haas   e shekita proc . of acm sigmod   montreal   canada    
anomaly-based intrusion detection : privacy concerns and other problems e lundin   e jonsson computer networks   2000.0 
3.1 ( 2001 ) envirocoustics sa n manual athens    
information portals : a strategy for importing external content p van brakel electronic library   2003.0 
andm . yannakakis . on monotone formulaewith restricted depth m klawe   np wpaul proc . 16th acm symp . theory comp    
corporate e-ducation a cohen pc magazine   137   2001.0 
jointly adaptive high-data-rate burst admission control for wideband cdma system vkn lau   yk kwok submitted for  
to give or not to give : an evolutionary ecology of human food transfers m gurven unpublished manuscript    
whirling of a heavy chain tk caughey   
a stochastic parts of speech and noun phrase parser for unrestricted text k church procs . 2nd anlp   austin    
higher-level protocols enhance ethernet je white   yk dalal electronic design    
postacquisition performance of acquiring firms c loderer   k martin   
the knowledge-of-exponent assumptions and 3-round zero-knowledge protocols m bellare   a palacio lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
integration of spatial join algorithms for processing multiple inputs   acm sigmod intl n mamoulis   d papadias conference on management of data    
photocontrolling peptide helices ga woolley acc . chem . res   2005.0 
assessing psychopathic attributes in a noninstitutionalized population mr levenson   ka kiehl   cm fitzpatrick journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
locally transversal symbolic dynamics am vershik algebra i analiz    
join synopses for improving approximate query answers s acharya   p gibbons   v poosala   s ramaswarmy proc . of acm sigmod conf    
topical negative pressure for treating chronic wounds d evans   l land cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
approximate query answering using wavelets k chakrabarti   m garofalakis   r rastogi   k shim vldb journal    
an open architecture for next-generation telecommunication services gw bond   e cheung   kh purdy   p zave   jc ramming acm transactions on internet technology   2004.0 
reducing buyer search costs : implications for electronic marketplaces jy bakos management science   1997.0 
limits of detection of buried landmines based on local echo contrasts b sai   i morrow   p van genderen   
daffe/clp/wp3 / wd ( 2001 ) 2 r by canada   
corticosteroids for acute severe asthma in hospitalised patients r manser   d reid   m abramson cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
pcs speed credit authorization process . r pastore computerworld.   1989.0 
robustness measure bounds for lyapunov-type state-feedback systems a abdul-wahab   
the transaction costs theory of joint ventures : an empirical study of japanese subsidiaries in the jf hennart management science   1991.0 
efficient bundle sorting y matias   e segal   js vitter   
calcium antagonists for aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage gj rinkel   vl feigin   a algra   m vermeulen   j van cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
there are cracks but the glass ceiling is still mostly intact c marenghi computerworld    
acute l-thyroxine overdose ; therapy with sodium ipodate : evaluation of clinical and physiologic pd berkner   h starkman   n person journal of emergency medicine   1991.0 
adaptive reduction parallelization h yu   l rauchwerger proc . 14th acm intl. conf . on supercomputing    
how welfare and work policies affect employment and income : a synthesis of research . d bloom   c michalopoulos  2001.0 
hyperbaric oxygen for carbon monoxide poisoning dn juurlink   mb stanbrook   ma mcguigan cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
the role of pioneer neurons in the development of mouse visual cortex and corpus callosum j deng   aj elberger anatomy and embryology   2001.0 
prostacyclin and analogues for acute ischaemic stroke . pm bath   fj bath cochrane database syst .  
spectral representations of linear features for generalisation e fritsch   jp lagrange lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
the content and access dynamics of a busy web server ( poster session ) vn padmanabhan   l qiu proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;    
the functional model and the dab language daplex dw ishipmanbll shipman acm trans . database syst    
randomized experiments in the federal courts ea lind new directions for program evaluation    
using iterated irs model reduction techniques to calculate eigensolutions mi friswell   sd garvey   jet penny proc . spie   1997.0 
methamphetamine-related stroke : four cases-non-hypertensive causes ja perez   el arsura   s strategos journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
data/knowledge packets as a means of supporting semantic heterogeneity in multidatabase systems d weishar   l kerschberg sigmod record   1991.0 
ibm speeds up virtual tape system n dillon   
power minimization using simultaneous gate sizing   dual-vdd and dual-vth assignment a srivastava   d sylvester   d blaauw   
optimization ofqueries with user-defined predicates s chaudhuri   k shim proc . ofthe conf . on very large data bases  
duplicates and aggregates in datalog is mumick   h pirahesh   r ramakrishnan & hellip ;   ibm reseaxch division   computer science   almaden research & hellip ;    
therapy with glatiramer acetate for multiple sclerosis l munari   r lovati   a boiko cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
nyquistâ ?? s problem-the joint optimization of transmitter and receiver in pulse amplitude modulation dw tufts proc . ieee    
w. w ] lson . an overview of db2 paraflel edition c barn   g fecteau   a goyaf   h hsiao   a jhnigmn   s proceedings of 1995 sigmod international conference on  
comparison of several instruments and their outcome measures including a novel upper limb-activity fc schasfoort   jbj bussmann   hj stam   
query optimization for parallel execution s ganguly   
nederlands oecologische flora   wilde planten en hun relaties vol . 1 p. 154 ej weeda   r westra   ch westra   t westra isbn    
stable local bases for spaces of splines on powell-sabin triangulations mj lai   ll schumaker  1999.0 
psychodrama : discovering new meaning in personal drama . wd pearlman new directions for adult and continuing education   1990.0 
implementation of compression with reversible embedded wavelets e schwartz   a zandi   m boliek proc spie   1995.0 
spectral representation in vision ( abstract only ) j hallikainen   j parkkinen   t jaaskelainen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
first-order temporal pattern mining with regular expression constraints s de amo   da furtado   
computing representations of the structure of written discourse sh corston-oliver   
bypassing joins in disjunctive queries acm.org vldb   1995.0 
gibbons and . matias . new sampling-based summary statistics for improving approximate query answers pb gm proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
using midsemester student feedback and responding to it kg lewis new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
recommended resources . ml mcbee new directions for higher education   1980.0 
morphology of the auditory pathway in congenitally deaf white cats equipped with cochlear implants s heid   a kral   r hartmann   r klinke proc 29th gã ¶ ttingen neurobiol conf    
the measuring modes and observations with the x-ray spectrometer array sixa onboard spectrum-x-gamma j huovelin   h paeivike   o vilhu   v kaemaeraeinen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
mrna fingerprinting of transgenic food crops ej kok   j keijer   ama van hoef   enw van der wal - report of the demonstration programme on food safety & hellip ;    
the management and processing of network performance information o bashir   i phillips   d parish   jl adams   t bt technology journal   1998.0 
enterprise java platform data access s white   r cattell   s finkelstein proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1998.0 
stability of linguistic control systems g langari   m tomizuka  1990.0 
early childhood education bs pb chesler university of wisconsin    
spectrin isoform diversity and assembly in non-erythroid cells cd cianci   jc kim   j mclaughlin   pr stabach   cr cellular and molecular biology letters   1996.0 
bloom 's syndrome gene suppresses premature ageing caused by sgs1 deficiency in yeast sj heo   k tatebayashi   i ohsugi   a shimamoto   y genes to cells   1999.0 
the national project grad evaluation f doolittle new york : manpower demonstration research  
multiplex   fusionplex and autoplex : three generations of information integration a motro   j berlin   p anokhin acm sigmod record   2004.0 
dewitt . equi-depthhistogramsfor estimating selectivity factors for multi-dimensional queries m muralikrishnaandd proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
editorial directons w kim acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1995.0 
electron energy-loss spectroscopy in the electron microscope . rf egerton  1996.0 
energy and depletable resources : economics and policy   1973-98 cd kolstad   
reaching out : telecollaboration and social studies . pull-out 1 . k dawson   j harris social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
stat -- a state transition analysis tool for intrusion detection p porras  1993.0 
method engineering for multi-perspective software development b nuseibeh   a finkelstein   j kramer   
analysis of plasma edge profiles at jet mna beurskens   e giovannozzi   j gunn   y andrew   m   
programming microsoft office 2000 web components d stearns  1999.0 
analysis of nonlinear systems with multiple inputs jj bussgang   l ehrman   jw graham ieee   proceedings   1974.0 
interventions targeted at women to encourage the uptake of cervical screening c forbes   r jepson   p martin-hirsch cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
database partitioning in a cluster of processors d sacca   g wiederhold acm transactions on database systems   1985.0 
an early implementation of a davic v1 . 0 systemâ ?? use of dynamic connections for interactive pw reece   rd macey   ri miles   ri galbraith bt technology journal   1998.0 
an exact solution of the spherical blast wave problem jl taylor phil . mag    
signature les : design and performance comparison of some signature extraction methods c faloutsos proc .  
m-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metrix spaces p ciacca   m patella   p zezula proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very & hellip ;    
a model of queries for object-oriented databases w kim vldb   1989.0 
palladium-catalyzed-arylation of carbonyl compounds and nitriles da culkin   jf hartwig acc . chem . res   2003.0 
seattle washington.â ?? m transit riderlink demonstration project evaluation report.â ?? & hellip ;    
zezula pm-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metric spaces [ c ] p ciaccia   m patella proc of vldb    
guest editorial wireless ad hoc networks zj haas   m gerla   db johnson   ce perkins   mb selected areas in communications   ieee journal on   1999.0 
acfa cryst.   1952   5 670 ; jm robertson ca beevers phil . mag    
anterior process fracture or calcaneus secundarius : a case report-part i : anatomy   injury mechanism   jc hodge journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
dynamic planar warping for optical character recognition e levin   r pieraccini   
erenes uv/vis spectroscopy v balzani   s campagna   g denti   a juris   s serroni acc . chem . res   1998.0 
reengineering revisited th davenport   l prusak computerworld    
logical design for temporal databases with multiple temporal types xs wang   c bettini   a brodsky   s jajodia acm transactions on database systems   1997.0 
artemether-lumefantrine for treating uncomplicated falciparum malaria aa omari   c preston   p garner cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
live ego-motion estimation d nister demonstration   iccv    
files with semantics n minsky proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1976.0 
fire and ice : the cascade volcanoes : the mountaineers s harris seattle   washington    
the design and construction of the holbeck hall landslide coast protection and cliff stabilisation ar clark   s guest proc . 29th maff conf . of river and coastal engineers . maff   & hellip ;    
spectral wave attenuation by bottom friction : theory os madsen   yk poon   hc graber proc . 21st int . conf . on coastal engineering    
3-designs from psl ( 2   q ) with block size 6 and their large sets gr omidi   mr pournaki   b tayfeh-rezaie   
development of fuel elements for power reactors operating on fast neutrons is golovnin   yk bibilashvili   ts menâ ?? shikova at .  
holistic twig joins on indexed xml documents h jiang   w wang   h lu   jx yu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
basic mountaineering   3rd edition   6th printing h mandolf san  
community food webs : data and theory je cohen   f briand   cm newman  1990.0 
distribution and abundance of fishes and invertebrates in north atlantic estuaries . elmr rep. no. 13 sh jury   jd field   sl stone   dm nelson   me monaco md    
a unique cell contact in the adrenal cortex ds friend proc . 29th electron microsc . soc . amer    
temporal semantic assumptions and their use in database query evaluation c bettini   xs wang   s jajodia   
fast on-line index construction by geometric partitioning n lester   a moffat   j zobel proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
the cognitive functions of linguistic categories in describing persons : social cognition and gr semin   k fiedler journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
a model of authorization for next-generation database systems r fausto   b elisa   k won   w darrell acm trans on database systems    
ginkgo biloba for cognitive impairment and dementia j birks   ev grimley   m van dongen cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
the marx-engels reader rc tucker new york    
on the theory of the magnetic influence on spectra ; and on the radiation from moving ions j larmor phil . mag    
heuristic principles for the design of artificial neural networks s walczak   n cerpa information & software technology   1999.0 
congress vienna 1980 . 1981 ja emerton   
hierarchical source routing using implied costs m montgomery   g veciana computer networks   2000.0 
budgeting for academic quality : structures and srategies . d jones new directions for higher education   1984.0 
nonlinear dynamics and stochastic behavior of semiconductor lasers with optical feedback j moerk  1989.0 
rpj : producing fast join results on streams through rate-based optimization y tao   ml yiu   d papadias   m hadjieleftheriou   n proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
adaptive partial feedback linearization of induction motors r marino   s peresada   p valigi   
regularity theory for the homogeneous boltzmann with angular cut-o c mouhot   c villani  2002.0 
rna polymerase iii transcription rj white  1998.0 
adaptive software testing with fixed-memory feedback ky cai   b gu   h hai   yc li submitted for publication    
optical waveguide theory aw snyder   jd love   
on the relative cost of sampling for join selectivity estimation pj haas   jf naughton   an swami proceedings of the thirteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1994.0 
the case for and against business assumption of social responsibilities k davis the academy of management journal   1973.0 
minimization of tree pattern queries s amer-yahia   s cho   lvs lakshmanan   d srivastava   
refinements in resolution theory d luckmand proc . iria symp . automatic demonstration    
feeling the elephant : some observations on agenda-setting research dl swanson communication yearbook i    
a coalgebraic modelling of head-driven phrase structure grammar s kepser   
antibiotic prophylaxis to reduce respiratory tract infections and mortality in adults receiving a liberati   rdâ ?? amico   tv pifferi   l brazzi cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
local cortical circuits m abeles  1982.0 
curriculum vitae prof. dr. thorsten hens t hens  1993.0 
permission and authorization in policies for virtual communities of agents g boella   l van der torre   
megaw   nd ( 1972 ) am glazer phil . mag    
nutritional supplementation for hip fracture aftercare in the elderly a avenell   hh handoll cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
using wiss to enhance competitiveness al lederer   da mirchandani   k sims communications-acm   1998.0 
classics in cytology viii : early cerebrospinal fluid cytology : dufourâ ?? s original report of d grzybicki   j assouline   ah wille   mb cohen   
type grammar revisited j lambek lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
leader of the pack : a proposal for disclosure of board leadership structure ce bagley   rh koppes san diego law review   1997.0 
on automating web services discovery b benatallah   ms hacid   a leger   c rey   f toumani the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2005.0 
an anatomy of the information resource semantic interoperability la kalinichenko acm sigmod record    
spatial queries in dynamic environments y tao   d papadias acm transactions on database systems   2003.0 
canine dilated cardiomyopathy bw keene proceedings . 23rd voorjarsdagen congress    
tql : a query language for semistructured data based on the ambient logic l cardelli   g ghelli mathematical structures in computer science   2004.0 
memantine for dementia sa areosa   f sherriff cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
animating rotations with quaternions k shoemake proceedings of acm siggraph    
privacy-enhanced data management for next-generation e-commerce c clifton   i fundulaki   r hull   b kumar   d lieuwen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
design ( 1989 ) m analysis saint plus   demonstration software   boulder    
1vl   and davies   il   1950 pm woodward phil . mag    
early regulation of unresponsive flows a rangarajan  1999.0 
instructional evaluation as a feedback process . dh gil new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0 
logical design for temporal databases with multiple granularities xswcba brodsky   s jajodia i > acm trans . database systems   < / i > to appear    
ye loannidis   pj haas   and ej shekita . improved histograms for selectivity estimation of range v poosala proceedings of the 1996 acm international conference on & hellip ;    
mechanics of underwater swimming in foot-propelled diving birds jr lovvorn proc . int . ornithol . congr    
the effect of variable infiltration on design and management guidelines for surface irrigation sr raine   dj mcclymont   rj smith   
guest editorial m huhns   g weiss machine learning   1998.0 
a probabilistic approach to fast pattern matching in time series databases e keogh   p smyth   
fundamental techniques for order optimization de simmen   ej shekita   t malkemus sigmod conference   1996.0 
calentador auxiliar para secaderos solares utilizando residuos forestalesâ ?? avances en energãas a iriarte   c rodriguez   l saravia tomo  
interventions for preventing falls in elderly people ld gillespie   wj gillespie   mc robertson   se lamb   cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
single-molecule spectroscopy . pf barbara acc chem res   2005.0 
disk allocation for cartesian product files hc du   js sobolewski acm trans . on database systems    
four-wave frequency mixing in gases cr vidal topics in applied physics   1992.0 
editorial s wright   a steventon bt technology journal   2004.0 
a layered architecture for describing information system development methodologies p steele   j han   
join synopses for approximate query answering sapbg viswanath   ps ramaswamy   
integration of digital libraries into learning environments f oldenettel   m malachinski   d reil   
decision feedback equalization ca belfiore   jh park ieee proceedings   1979.0 
middleware moves to the forefront j charles   
performance and stability characteristics of risk-sensitive controlled structures under seismic ch won   mk sain   bf spencer jr proceedings american control conference   seattle    
an efficient parallel join algorithm based on hypercube-partitioning hi choi   bm im   mh kim   yj lee parallel and distributed information systems   1994.   & hellip ;    
distributed query evaluation on semistructured data d suciu acm transactions on database systems   2002.0 
airborne doppler radar observations of the boundary layer of hurricane debby ( 1982 ) md powell   pg black conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;   1984.0 
personalizing xml text search in pimen t s amer-yahia   i fundulaki   p jain   l lakshmanan proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
management-audit-unternehmenskontext   teams und managerleistung systematisch analysieren.-gabler   k wã 1/4 bbelmann   
effect of flank or belly-nosing on growth rate of early weaned pigs j borgman   b straw   p bartlett proc . of the 29th annual meeting of the am . assoc. swine & hellip ;    
b-to-b portals worry industry ; e-markets may cut manufacturers ' profits j vijayan computerworld    
estimation of settlement in cohesionless soil . bp papadopolous  1984.0 
regulation of transgene expression in sugarcane s hansom   r bower   l zhang   b potier   a elliot   s proc . int . soc . sugarcane  
some child-rearing antecedents of criminal behavior in adult men j mccord journal of personality and social psychology   1979.0 
autofocusing techniques for imaging moving targets by sar based on a multilinear time-frequency s barbarossa   r mascolo proc . int . conf .  
the implementation and performance evaluation of the adms query optimizer : integrating query result cm chen   n roussopoulos lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
influence of low-energy hadronic interaction programs on air shower simulations with corsika d heck   r engel   g battistoni   a fasso   a ferrari     
on the vibrations set up in molecules by collisions jh jeans phil . mag    
neoadjuvant treatment of locally advanced carcinoma of the uterine cervix with epirubicin   gd ` agostino   m distefano   s greggi   m salerno   g cancer chemotherapy and pharmacology   2002.0 
beeldende kunst en onze hersenen l maffei   a fiorentini isbn    
blood pressure and end-stage renal disease in men - group of 2 & raquo ; mj klag   pk whelton   bl randall   jd neaton   fl   
from region encoding to extended dewey : on efficient processing of xml twig pattern matching j lu   tw ling   
phrase identification in cross-language information retrieval m adriani   cj van rijsbergen proceedings of the riao ( recherche dâ ?? informations assistee & hellip ;    
a laser controlled area must be established whenever there is a nhz c area   
â ?? quantum electrodynamics of two-level atoms in cavities : some theoretical studies a joshi ph. d. thesis ( university of bombay   india    
eduard ayguad e   and antonio gonz alez . hypernode reduction modulo scheduling j llosa   m valero proc . of the 28th ann . intl. symp . on  
toward a unified conception of business ethics : integrative social contracts theory t donaldson   tw dunfee the academy of management review   1994.0 
alfred werner revisited : the coordination chemistry of anions . k bowman-james acc . chem . res   2005.0 
colchicine-induced bone marrow suppression : treatment with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor r harris   g marx   m gillett   a kark   s arunanthy journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
ieee xplore y matias   l portman data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
sympathectomy for neuropathic pain a mailis   a furlan cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
