optimally sparse representations in general dictionaries by l 1 minimization d donoho   m elad technical report   statistics department   stanford university      
the defect structure and mechanical properties of spinel single crystals mh lewis phil . mag      
devise : integrated queryingand visual explorationof large datasets m livny   r ramakrishnan   k beyer   g chen   d proceedings of the 1997acm-sigmod conference    
getting started : informal small-group strategies in large classes 2000.0 jl cooper   p robinson new directions for teaching and learning    
predatory behavior of grizzly bears feeding on elk calves in yellowstone national park   1986-88 sp french   mg french international conference on bear research and management      
lowering security overhead in link state routing computer networks   rc hauser   t przygienda   g tsudik  1999.0 
exposed points in spaces of bounded analytic functions . sd fisher  1967.0 
mapinfo spatialware : a spatial information server for rdbms . c mina 1998.0  vldb    
the transmembrane domain of the large subunit of hsv-2 ribonucleotide reductase ( icp10 ) is required virology-new york -   cc smith   jh luo   jcr hunter   jv ordonez  1994.0 
september 11   terror war   and blowback d kellner unpublished manuscript      
unity and diversity : holiday celebrations around the world . a lockledge  social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
systematics of the molar-toothed redhorse suckers ( moxostoma carinatum ) and the rediscovered m. unpublished re jenkins   bj freeman   
measurement of low-level strain birefringence in optical elements using a photoelastic modulator 1996.0 tc oakberg proc . spie    
operating systems : an advanced course jn gray lecture notes in computer science      
regulated cascode switched-current memory cell 1990.0 c toumazou   jb hughes   dm pattullo electronic letters    
queueing theory rb cooper 1981.0  proceedings of the acm &#39; 81 conference    
fuse : lightweight guaranteed distributed failure notification j dunagan   nja harvey   mb jones   d kostic   m 2004.0  submitted for publication    
having h-space structure is not a generic property p jianzhong    
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : gm newland   lr wolf   ja bishop   gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine   1993.0    
transition to a unified system : using perl to drive library databases and enhance web site jc fagan electronic library   2001.0 
kanata : adaptation and evolution in data sharing systems p andritsos   a fuxman   a kementsietsidis   rj  acm sigmod record   2004.0 
efficient semantic-based content search in p2p network 2004.0 ht shen   y shu   b yu ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering.    
microsoft asp . net step by step ga duthie   
increasing success in school through priming : aa training manual ld wilde   lk koegel   rl koegel  1992.0 
the transmeta code morphing software : using speculation   recovery and adaptive retranslation to jc dehnert   bk grant   jp banning   r johnson   t   
in situ respiration of benthic communities in castle harbor   bermuda kl smith   ka burns   jm teal marine biology   1972.0 
animal models to study escherichia coli o157 : h7 isolated from patients with haemorrhagic colitis   me potter   lw riley   tj barrett   pa blake   ca lancet i   1983.0 
smart furniture : a platform for context-aware embedded ubiquitous applications h tokuda proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;     2004.0 
use of mls elevation data for flare-out guidance ( microwave landing system elevation data or ll sanders  national aerospace meeting   washington   d. c   proceedings   1973.0 
semantics-based concurrency control : beyond commutativity br badrinath   k ramamritham acm transactions on database systems   1992.0 
dynamic queries : database searching by direct manipulation b shneiderman   c williamson   c ahlberg   
powder metallurgy alloys bombay   india   11 oct. 1980   p ramakrishnan  1980.0 
enkephalin-and serotonin-like immunoreactivity in the aortico-pulmonary paraganglia of the white - h gobbi   aja barbosa   jc nogueira   jm polak   vpa the histochemical journal   1992.0    
the jumpers are referenced as left   right   and open ( see â ?? jumper settingsâ ?? ) . the jumpers and j setup    
case tool construction for a parallel software development methodology jp gray 1997.0  information and software technology    
adenotonsillectomy for obstructive sleep apnoea in children cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 j lim   m mckean   
determination of the content of uranium isotopes and isotopes of transuranium elements in spent fuel v ya   aaz gabeskiriya   vv mikulenokâ ? ¦ at .  
transmission of blood-bourne pathogens during sports : risk and prevention . journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 e mast   r goodman   w bond   
meme tags and community mirrors : moving from conferences to collaboration r borovoy   f martin   s vemuri   m resnick   c   
parallel c functions for the alewife system . alewife memo 37 bh lim   1993.0 
the stress-producing working conditions of part-time faculty new directions for teaching and learning   jm gappa  1987.0 
high-end computing on shv workstations connected with high performance network lp huse   h bugge   
the usenet cookbook - an experiment in electronic publishing bk reid    
practical data-swapping : the first steps acm transactions on database systems   sp reiss  1984.0 
contemporary american fiction : harvey swados and leslie fiedler h feinstein 1961.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
querying text databases for efficient information extraction e agichtein   l gravano   
applied mathematical demography n keyfitz   
prowgen : a synthetic workload generation tool for simulation evaluation of web proxy caches computer networks   m busari   c williamson  2002.0 
the query by image content ( qbic ) system j ashley   m flickner   j hafner   d lee   w niblack   proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0    
global functioning within a system of care for youths with serious emotional disturbance : a closer mp bates 1999.0    
utility of co-operating web proxy caches www7 / computer networks   1998.0 p krishnan   b sugla   
com programming with microsoft . net j templeman   jp mueller 2003.0    
cacao and the economic integration of native society in colonial soconusco   new spain jl gasco 1992.0    
design and evaluation of incremental data structures and algorithms for dynamic query interfaces r beigel   b shneiderman   
whitesâ ?? opposition to busing : symbolic racism or realistic group conflict l bobo  journal of personality and social psychology    
information technology implementation research : a technological diffusion approach 1990.0 rb cooper   rw zmud management science    
triantaâ ® llou   p.   zioga   f.   1997 . principles of optimally placing data in tertiary storage s christodoulakis  proceedings of the 23rd vldb  
bacterial abundance   activity   and diversity at extremely cold temperatures in arctic sea ice [ ph. d k junge university of washington   seattle    
integrating distributional   prosodic and phonological information in a connectionist model of mh christiansen   rac dale    
building a laboratory information system around a c++ - based object-oriented dbms n goodman   s rozen 1994.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
melã © ti pã ¡ no sti zoogeografãa ke ikologãa ton chersã © on malakãon ton kiklã ¡ don ma mylonas  1982.0 
freedom transformed : toward a developmental model for the construction of collaborative learning sj hamilton  new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
chair-free berge-graphs are perfect a sassano   
symbolic computation in nonlinear plasma interactions proc . acm annual conf   j kulp   
an empirical evaluation of lfg-dop r bod proceedings coling-2000   2000.0 
a portable parallel programming environment based around pcte sa hellberg   e zaluska 1994.0  information and software technology    
integrating symbolic images into a multimedia database system using classification and abstraction a soffer   h samet the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;     1998.0 
validation of some superpave design parameters by wheel testing with the scale model mobile load m van de ven   af smit   r lorio   r mcgennis  & hellip ; conference on asphalt pavements   seattle   washington   & hellip ;    
web database tools sw plainâ ? ¦ pc magazine   september    
supplementing conservation practices with alternative energy sources . ga kraetsch  new directions for higher education   1981.0 
graphical user interfaces for the management of scientific experiments and data acm-sigmod record   1992.0 y ioannidis   m livny   e haber   
footprint and feature management using aspect-oriented programming techniques f hunleth   rk cytron    
a.   and raimes   s.   1959 j cooper phil . mag    
dynamic versus static menus : an exploratory comparison 1989.0 j mitchell   b shneiderman acm sigchi bulletin    
structure and motion for dynamic scenes-the case of points moving in planes lecture notes in computer science   p sturm  2002.0 
involvement of rho and rac small g proteins and rho gdi in ca 2ã 3/4 - dependent exocytosis from pc12 r komuro   t sasaki   k takaishi   s orita   y takai 1996.0  genes to cells    
sqlj part 1 : sql routines using the java tm programming language a eisenberg   j melton sigmod record   1999.0    
practical problems in data management : a position paper j gray  proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1983.0 
controllers : reusable wrappers to adapt software components information & software technology   jm troya   a vallecillo  2001.0 
algorithmic approaches to training support vector machines : a survey c colin  proceedings of esann2000 ( d-facto publications   belgium )    
81st annual meeting of the endocrine society a perreault   j bouchard   v bodart   r deghenghi   d san . diego    
proxy servers.â ?? c catalano computerworld      
y. sagiv   jd ullman   efficient evaluation of right -   left -   and multi-linear rules jf nrsu   rr naughton proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
safety and efficacy of the rapid four-step technique for cricothyrotomy using a bair claw dp davis   kj bramwell   rs hamilton   tc chan   gm journal of emergency medicine     2000.0 
nonstandard characteristics in asymptotic problems vp maslov  proc . int . congr . math    
conceptual model of service reputation em maximilien   mp singh special section on semantic web and data management   sigmod & hellip ;    
histamine and gastric secretion : a later look   1955â ?? 1965 cf code fed proc   1965.0 
on the algorithmic implementation of multiclass kernel-based vector machines k crammer   y singer  journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
causal type system for ambient movements t amtoft submitted for publication     2002.0 
relational instance-based learning with lists and terms 2001.0 t horvã ¡ th   s wrobel   u bohnebeck machine learning    
stepping into elementary schools in japan sl field   ld labbo social studies and the young learner   1998.0    
the dynamics of informal employment in mã © xico b roberts us department of labor   bureau of international labor & hellip ;      
metrics and measurement : software sizing through function point analysis application development trends   c jones  1996.0 
the throughflow within ombai strait deep-sea research i   r molcard   m fieux   f syamsudin  2001.0 
local rules modeling of nucleation-limited virus capsid assembly r schwartz   pe prevelige jr   b berger    
optical interconnections for vlsi systems jw goodman   fj leonberger   sy kung   ra athale 1984.0  ieee   proceedings    
a modified lagrangeâ ?? s interpolation for image reconstruction & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems   s suthaharan   
structural analysis of point defects in solids jm spaeth   jr niklas   rh bartram 1992.0    
a picture book of thomas jefferson   holiday house   new york   1990 d adler    
on estimating the cardinality of the projection of a database relation . tods   14 ( 1 ) : 28â ?? 40   1989 . r ahad   kvb rao   d mcleod   
theconceptassignmentproblemin program understanding procs . ieee working conf . onreverseengineering   may21-23   & hellip ;   tj biggerstaff   
85 nathan goodman   dennis shasha   semantically-based concurrancy control for search structures s goodman proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on    
the size of minimum 3-trees : cases 0 and 1 mod 12 jl arocha   j tey    
andb . eftring   deeds : towards a distributed and active real-time database systems sf andler   j hansson   j eriksson   j mellin   m acm sigmod record    
de-vise : integrated querying and visualization of large datasets m livny   r ramakrishnan   ks beyer   g chen   d  proc acm sigmod intl conf on management of  
sensitivity of an astronomical infrared heterodyne spectrometer t kostiuk   mj mumma   mm abbas   d buhl & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0    
corporate governance and the hedging premium around the world g allayannis   u lel   dp miller 2003.0    
scsi : a guide to getting it right j karney pc magazine   1993.0    
taking care of supply bt technology journal   1999.0 cm russell   pb barnsley   mr holladay   
perfect connected-dominant graphs discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2003.0 ie zverovich   
networked information management nj davies   m revett 1997.0  bt technology journal    
de-witt . a case for fractured mirrors qsr ramamurthy   j david  proc . vldb   hong kong    
data mapping in p2p systems : semantics and algorithmic issues a kementsietsidis   m arenas   rj miller 2003.0    
modelling and design of multi-agent systems d kinny   m georgeff  lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
postpubertal emergence of hyperresponsiveness to stress and to amphetamine after neonatal neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 bk lipska   ge jaskiw   dr weinberger   
salinity characteristics of gulf of mexico estuaries . noaa   office of ocean resources conservation sp orlando jr   lp rozas   gh ward   cj klein md      
the video window system in informal communications bl chalfonteetal  1990.0 
the five-minute rule ten years later   and other computer storage rules of thumb sigmod record   j gray   g graefe  1997.0 
antidepressants for smoking cessation jr hughes   lf stead   t lancaster  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
sustainable development and deep ecology : an analysis of competing traditions m jacob 1994.0  environmental management    
linux : at a turning point ? n leavitt    
targetting complex structure in french questions b plunkett  proceedings of the 23rd annual boston university conference & hellip ;    
diffusion of cobalt in aluminum ms anand   rp agarwala phil . mag.   1972.0    
national marine mammal laboratory   7600 sand point way ne pj gearin seattle    
psychosocial factors affecting dissertation completion ke green new directions for higher education   1997.0    
the repeatability problem in parapsychology procs . of an international conference held in san antonio   & hellip ;   eh walker   
a temporal framework for database specifications jmv castilho   ma casanova   al furtado  vldb    
risperidone versus other atypical antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia sm gilbody   am bagnall   l duggan   a tuunainen cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
digital b-trees vldb   db lomet   
integrating a structured-text retrievalsystemwithanobject-oriented databasesystem tw yan   j annevelink proc 20th int conf on very large databases   santiago   chile      
spectator games : a new entertainment modality of networked multiplayer games s drucker   l he   m cohen   c wong   a gupta   
transaction-and trust-based strategies in e-commerce-a conceptual approach ben birkhofer 2000.0  electronic markets    
conversing across cultures : east-west communication styles in work and nonwork contexts j sanchez-burks   f lee   i choi   r nisbett   s zhao   journal of personality and social psychology   2003.0 
navigation in liver surgeryâ ?? results of a requirement analysis p hassenpflug   m vetter   c cã ¡ rdenas   m thorn   hp    
on multi-agent systems specification via deontic logic a lomuscio   m sergot lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
controls on international securities transactions j riddle 1992.0    
a problem-oriented inferential database system el lozinskii acm transactions on database systems   1986.0 
optical communications 1976.0 rm gagliardi   s karp   
e-notebook middleware for accountability and reputation based trust in distributed data sharing lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 p ruth   d xu   b bhargava   f regnier   
multiresolution mesh morphing awf lee   d dobkin   w sweldens   p schroder   
optimal allocation of electronic content computer networks   i cidon   s kutten   r soffer  2002.0 
creating community within individual courses 2000.0 aw chickering new directions for higher education    
testing the distribution of nonstationary mri data sj kisner   tm talavage    
efficient prolog access to codaysl and fdm databases pmd gray proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     1985.0 
the conservation of orbital symmetry   verlag chemie : germany   1970 ; b ) r. hoffmann   rb woodward rb woodward acc . chem . res      
4th icamâ ?? iumrs conf . ( beijing   1999 ) physica c mr koblischka   m muralidhar   m murakami   2000.0 
mobile internet : an empirical study of b2c wap applications in italy u bertelã ? electronic markets   2002.0    
cutaneous mechanoreceptors and nociceptors pr burgess   er perl handbook of sensory physiology   1973.0 
establishing evaluative conclusions : a distinction between general and working logic new directions for program evaluation   dm fournier   
decompositions of multigraphs into parts with two edges j ivanco   m meszka   z skupien discussiones mathematicae graph theory     2002.0 
adaâ ?? the project : the dod high order language working group wa whitaker history of programming languages   1993.0 
theory of molecular fluids ( clarendon   oxford   1984 ) cg gray   ke gubbins vol .    
oral sumatriptan for acute migraine dc mccrory   rn gray cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
clc-3 deficiency leads to phenotypes similar to human neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis m yoshikawa   s uchida   j ezaki   t rai   a hayama   k genes to cells   2002.0    
creep behaviour in the superplastic pb-62 sn eutectic fa mohamed   tg langdon  phil . mag    
the right concept at the right time : how concepts emerge as relevant in response to context - m mitchell   dr hofstadter procs . 12th annual conf . of the cognitive science society      
asim users manual . alewife systems memo 13 d chaiken   bh lim   d nussbaum  1990.0 
the modes of action of spinosad and other insect control products vl salgado  down to earth    
mapinfo spatialwareâ ® a spatial information server for rdbms m chebel proceedings of the 24 thvldb conference   new york   usa      
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations ; journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 m markham   gc hamilton   
apj hg arce   aa goodman  2001.0 
o : a functional execution model for object query languages g gardarin   f machuca   p pucheral  proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference  
geominer : a system prototype for spatial mining k koperski   j han  proceedings acm-sigmod   arizona    
herbal medicine in the emergency department : a primer for toxicities and treatment tm moss journal of emergency nursing   1998.0    
the role of family physcians in increasing annual fecal occult blood test screening coverage : a s vinker   s nakar   e rosenberg   e kitai   
profile of a typical dper : plagued by image problems . m rosenberg computerworld      
corticosteroid therapy for nephrotic syndrome in children cochrane database syst rev   em hodson   jf knight   ns willis   jc craig  2003.0 
which way cobol . k meyer computerworld.     1984.0 
a mobile computer interface for heterogeneous databases r alonso   em haber   hf korth  research issues in data engineering   1993 : interoperability & hellip ;   1993.0 
query by image content : the qbic system m flickner   h sawhney   w niblack   j ashley   q ieee computer      
models for reactive systems technical report   dept. of comp . sci.   stanford university   z manna   a pnueli   
sex differences in achievement : a test of alternate theories js eccles   t adler   jl meece journal of personality and social psychology      
rule management and evaluation : an active dbms perspective s chakravarthy sigmod record   1989.0    
querying large text databases for efficient information extraction e agichtein   l gravano    
query by image and video content : theqbicsystem m flickner   h sawhney   w niblack   j ashley   q ieee computer    
euso collaboration s bottai   s giurgola proc . 28th international cosmic ray conference   tsukuba   & hellip ;    
performance and interpretation of focused right upper quadrant ultrasound by emergency physicians jl kendall   rj shimp journal of emergency medicine     2001.0 
system r : relational approach to database management kp eswaran   jn gray   pp griffiths   wf king   ra acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
on property ( ï ? ) a lubotzky   a zuk    
on the derivation of cosmic ray specific yield functions wr webber   jj quenby phil . mag      
good teaching : one size fits all ? 2002.0 dd pratt new directions for adult and continuing education    
development of eggs and the planktonic stages of salmon lice ( lepeophtheirus salmonis ) at low k boxaspen   t naess contributions to zoology   2000.0    
the jobs evaluation : monthly participation rates in three sites and factors affecting participation g hamilton    
on the turanâ ?? kubilius inequality cm stein technical report no. 220   stanford university      
multiplane transesophageal echocardiography : image orientation   examination technique   anatomic mayo clinic proceedings   1993.0 jb seward   bk khandheria   wk freeman   jk oh   
1996 . deeds | towards a distributed active and real-time database system sf andler   j hanson   j eriksson   j mellin   m  acm sigmod  
the qbic systemâ ?? ieee computer   v content   
the role of the consortium director 1999.0 tr horgan new directions for higher education    
the history of fortran i   11   and 111 . & hellip ; sigplan history of programming languages conference   sigplan & hellip ;   j backus   
structural conditions for perturbation analysis derivative estimation   i : finite time performance p glasserman submitted to publication    
sorts in unification-based grammar and what they mean cj pollard unpublished manuscript    
the prototype embedded network ( pen ) computer networks   a jones   a hopper  2001.0 
picture-driven animation rm baecker proc . afips    
jussi myllymaki h devices 1997.0    
a case for fractured mirrors r ramamurthy   dj dewitt   q su the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;     2003.0 
improved methods for worst-case analysis and optimization incorporating tolerances proc . ieee/acm design automation conference   he graeb   cu wieser   kj antreich   
furtado   â ?? a temporal framework for database specificationsâ ??   pmt . of the 8th int jm castiiho   ma casanova conf . on vldb   mexico city    
the effects of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder on the social skills of school-age children em strickland  2002.0 
materialization : a powerful and ubiquitous abstraction pattern proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;   a pirotte   e zimã ¡ nyi   d massart   t yakusheva  1994.0 
on the phylogeny of antarctic and south american serolidae ( crustacea   isopoda ) : molecules and c held   jw wã $ gele  zoology suppl . i    
the effect of electrical stimulation and hot boning on veal quality fjm smulders   g eikelenboom   jg van logtestijn proc . 28th europ . mtg. of meat res . workers   madrid   spain    
adaptive data broadcasting in hybrid networks k stathatos   n roussopoulos   j baras  23rd vws conf.   athens   greece   aug    
groundwater pumping as a factor of enhancement of aquifer replenishment by flood events i shentsis  2001.0 
optical fiber cable placing techniques-long section lengths proc . 26th int . wire cable r soyka   
engineering physiology : bases of human factors/ergonomics khe kroemer   hj kroemer   ke kroemer-elbert   
on hamiltonâ ?? s quadratic equation and the general unilateral equation in matrices phil . mag   jj sylvester  1884.0 
principles of optimally placing data in tertiary storage libraries proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   s christodoulakis   p triantafillou   f zioga  1997.0 
other countries of origin besides mexico were nicaragua ( 11 ) and chile ( 11 ) ij city    
high sensitivity magnetic field sensor using amorphous alloy g vertesy   j szollosy   kl varga   a lovas electronic horizon      
user 's guide for qpsol ( version 3.2 ) : a fortran package for quadratic programming   systems g pe   wm urray   sa ma   wr mh stanford university   technical report sol 84-6   stanford   ca    
sqlj-part 1 : sql routines using the java programming language . sigmod record   acms anthology  1999.0 
critical point theory and hamiltonian systems j mawhin   m willem  1989.0 
modeling parallel program behaviour in alpes jp kitajima   b plateau    
research issues in web data mining lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 sk madria   ss bhowmick   wk ng   ep lim   
cosmic-ray modulation and the structure of the heliospheric magnetic field proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf   1999.0 j kota   jr jokipii   
annealing of point defects in quenched nial phil . mag.   1975.0 je eibner   hj engell   h schultz   h jacobi   g   
some theorems about formal functions g faltings to  
the advanced theory of statistics ( hafner   new york   1963 ) mg kendall   a stuart  vol .  
regulation of the activity of the transcription factor runx2 by two homeobox proteins   msx2 and dlx5 genes to cells   2001.0 k shirakabe   k terasawa   k miyama   h shibuya   e   
seasonal aerial survey of kelp beds in southern california mr mel  proceedings fall asp/acsm convention   seattle   washington    
symbolic strategy for games on pushdown graphs t cachat proc . of 29th icalp   lncs    
taking chiral induction into the nanometre regime : chiral teleinduction in the synthesis of poly ( db amabilino   jl serrano   t sierra   j veciana  acc . chem . res   2000.0 
power point para windows 95 para leigos . sã # o paulo : berkeley brasil   1997 . 329p. : il . 1 exemplar microsoft d lowe   
optimization in radiation treatment planning j lim   2002.0 
reilly . designing microsoft asp . net application [ m ] j douglas 2002.0    
multiple diversity with nonindependent fading jn pierce   s stein proc . ire      
userâ ?? s guide for qpsol ( version 3.2 ) : a fortran package for quadratic programming   systems pe gill   w murray   ma saunders   mh wright stanford university   technical report sol 84-6   stanford   ca  
a low overhead high performance buffer replacement algorithm t johnson   d shasha proceedings of international conference on very large & hellip ;    
â ?? hardware abstraction in a visual programming environment r vinyard   j pfeiffer   b margolis submitted for    
the pond : information exploration using an ecosystem metaphor proceedings of acm collaborative virtual environments ( cve )   o stã ¥ hl   a wallberg   j sderberg   j humble   le   
result sharing among agents using reactive rules m berndtsson   s chakravarthy   b lings lecture notes in computer science   1997.0    
un logiciel de composition musicale combinant un modå?le spectral   des structures hiã?rarchiques et a beurivã ?   
electrocardiographic manifestations : right ventricular infarction journal of emergency medicine   tr fijewski   ml pollack   tc chan   wj brady  2002.0 
digital privacy : who has the right to read your data pc magazine   c levin   
introduction to design of experiments   umetrics ab   sweden   2000 l eriksson   e johansson   n kettaneh-wold   c    
ersatz estimation for sensitivity analysis : a methodology f vazquez-abad   l zubieta  to be submitted    
energias renovables   sustentabilidad y creacion de enpleo : una economia impulssionada por el sol em perez  2001.0 
academic leadership . tm hesburgh  new directions for higher education   1988.0 
top surface imaging lithography processes for i-line resists using liquid-phase silylation k arshak   m mihov   a arshak   d mcdonagh    
a survey of research and development in distributed database management jb rothnie   n goodman vldb     1977.0 
the gulf of aqaba : ecological micropaleontology z reiss   l hottinger   1984.0 
case 12   international skeletal society meeting jm mirra  1999.0 
formalisation of a cooperation model based on joint intentions 1997.0 fmt brazier   cm jonker   j treur lecture notes in computer science    
vertical profiling : understanding the behavior of object-oriented applications m hauswirth   pf sweeney   a diwan   m hind   
the importance of phase in signals av oppenheim   js lim ieee proceedings     1981.0 
multivariable nyquist self-tuning : a general approach b kouvaritakis    
from informal requirements to agent-based specification acm sigchi bulletin   1994.0 b fields   m harrison   p wright   
the motivation to think in working and learning new directions for higher education   1996.0 pa facione   nc facione   caf giancarlo   
fishes of alaska . american fisheries society   bethesda md   cw mecklenburg   ta mecklenburg   lk thorsteinson   
using electronic circuits to model simple neuroelectric interactions ieee proceedings   er lewis   
virtuality as a strategic approach for small and medium sized it companies to stay competitive in a p sieber    
a new glove puncture detection system tt manson   wg bromberg   jg thacker   w mcgregor   rf 1995.0  journal of emergency medicine    
hydrothermal convection systems with reservoir temperatures > = 90â ? ¦ c ca brook   rh mariner   dr mabey   jr swanson   m  see ref    
oscillations in chemical systems : part 18 . mechanisms of chemical oscillators : conceptual bases rj field   rm noyes acc . chem . res    
se ~ tz   cl 1989 . variants of the chandy-misra-bryant distributed discreteevent simulation algorithm wk su proceedings of &#39; the scs multzconference on d ~ strzbuted  
ce leiserson   and rl rivest th cormen  stein   introduction to  
using attribute certificates to implement role-based authorization r oppliger   g pernul   c strauss submitted for  
low frequency variability in a simulated atmosphere ocean system 1997.0 rl jacob   
program behavior at the symbolic level a batson  ieee computer    
mercurial toxicity and the perturbation of the mitochondrial control system j southard   p nitisewojo   de green fed proc   1974.0    
semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles hv jagadish   j madar   rt ng & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ;   1999.0    
the point of no return during sexual arousal at which ejaculatory orgasm is inevitable pon return    
attitude polarization : effects of group membership dm mackie   j cooper  journal of personality and social psychology    
graduate education and continuing education . ke young new directions for higher education   1984.0    
symbolic analysis of transition systems lecture notes in computer science   n shankar  2000.0 
probabilistic optimization of top n queries 1999.0 ddr ramakrishnan   
the hyperion project : from data integration to data coordination sigmod record   m arenasâ ? ¦  2003.0 
a real-time gc with low overhead and consistent utilization pc david   f baconâ ? ¦  proc . acm popl    
deadlock detection in distributed databases : a new algorithm and a comparative performance the vldb journal   n krivokapãc   a kemper   e gudes   
artificial intelligence in network management ja smith   m fry & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems      
personality in synthetic actors d rousseau   b hayes-roth technical report ksl 96-21   stanford university    
identification of major meloidogyne species employing enzyme phenotypes as differentiating see ref   pr esbenshade   ac triantaphyllou   
design of new daspk for sensitivity analysis s li   lr petzold   
sept. 11 attacks prompt decentralization moves computerworld   j vijayan   
greedy perimeter stateless routing proceedings of acm conf . on mobile computing and networking b karp   h kung   
producers   networks turn to web for viewersâ ?? voice d whitney electronic media      
xcerpt and visxcerpt : from pattern-based to visual querying of xml and semistructured data s berger   f bry   s schaffert   c wieser proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0    
query by image and video content ieee computer   m flickner   h sawhney   w niblack   j ashley   q   
exchange perturbation theories applied to electron-hydrogen atom scattering ca venanzi ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.     1978.0 
preliminary optimal orbit design for the laser interferometer space antenna proceedings of the 25 thaas guidance and control conf.   & hellip ;   sp hughes   
spotfire : an information exploration environment c ahlberg sigmod record     1996.0 
models for smooth infinitesimal analysis 1990.0 i moerdijk   ge reyes   
simplicity bt technology journal   j maeda  2004.0 
how to do high-speed multicast right ! computer networks   2001.0 g doerries   l zier   
on the algorithmic interpretation of multiclass kernel-based vector machines k crammer   y singer journal of machine learning research    
osmotic phenomena in smooth muscle af brading  see ref    
virtual instrument what they are   where theyâ ? ² re at p benneff electronic products    
a. sangiovanni-vincentelli   â ?? interface-based design   â ?? ja rowson proc . acm/ieee design automution conf    
prototyping : helping to build the right software information and software technology   1990.0 g tate   
educating the public about energy conservation . 1981.0 gs schiff new directions for higher education    
aqueous electrolyte : model parameters and process simula-tionph d thesis k thomsen  technical university of denmark    
the contagion of self-focus within a dyad b stephenson   ra wicklund journal of personality and social psychology      
a scheme for predicting user-perceived networked application performance ma oliver   iw phillips   dj parish   kr bharadia bt technology journal     1999.0 
computers in modern ~ ociecy rj kochenburger   cj turcio hamilton publishing   santa barbara    
multirelations - semantice and languages a klausner   n goodman  vldb   1985.0 
asp winners and losers rl mitchell computerworld      
doi/10 .1199 / tab . 0016   american society of plant biologists   rockville md   ma jenks   sd eigenbrode   b lemieux   
responses of grapevines and grapes to spacing of and within canopies nj shaulis  grape and wine centennial symposium proceedingsâ ?? . ed . d. & hellip ;    
exchange rate policy for emerging markets : one size does not fit all f larraãn   a velasco  unpublished manuscript    
score region algebra : building a transparent xml-r database v mihajloviä ?   he blok   d hiemstra   pmg apers  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
effect of thyrocalcitonin in man gv foster   gf joplin   i macintyre   ke melvin   e lancet  
role of phosphorylation in the regulation of acetyl-coa carboxylase activity rw brownsey   rm denton see ref      
fair games and full completeness for multiplicative linear logic without the mix-rule jme hyland   chl ong  unpublished manuscript    
improving explicit congestion notification with the mark-front strategy l chunlei   r jain computer networks      
an alternative storage organization for rolap aggregate views based on cubetrees y kotidis   n roussopoulos 1998.0  sigmod conference    
in what sense a region ? place hybridity   symbolic shape   and institutional formation in ( post - ) g macleod political geography   1998.0    
the effects of changes of body temperature on the oxygen deficit incurred in exercise ad claremont  1969.0 
r. musicant . lagrangian supportvector machines ol mangasarian andd journal of machine learning research      
variations in the seasonal cycle of biological production in subarctic oceans : a model sensitivity mjr fasham deep-sea research i      
racism at the top 1997.0 r wodak   ta van dijk unpublished manuscript    
prosody and wh-questions m deguchi   y kitagawa proceedings-nels   2002.0    
gravity spreading and atmospheric dispersion of lng vapor clouds ae germeles   em drake see ref    
data streams : fresh current or stagnant backwater ? ( panel ) jm hellerstein   
the origins of mites associated with honey bees gc eickwort see ref      
calcium in plant growth and development . american society of plant physiologist   rockville md   rt leonard   pk hepler   
random data perturbation of non-normal data r sarathy   k muralidhar   
research issues in teleoperation r pepper   j hightower proc . human factors society 28th annual meeting    
comprehending decompositions : a theory and two empirical tests r weber  2001.0 
perturbation theory for linear opearators 1966.0 t kato   
statistical synopses for graph-structured data proceedings of sigmod   n polyzotis   m garofalakis   
anisotropic coupled-field inclusion and inhomogeneity problems jy li   ml dunn 1998.0    
protocol considerations for a prefix-caching proxy for multimedia streams www9 / computer networks   s gruber   j rexford   a basso  2000.0 
local bus : speeding video display wl rosch  pc magazine    
whatâ ?? s the difference ? characteristics of mathematically talented men and women who do not pursue cj weinberger unpublished paper   university of california   santa barbara    
amplification and direct sequencing of fung al ribosomal rna genes for phylogenetics . innis m   tj white   t bruns   s leeâ ? ¦   1990.0 
ten commandments of formal methods jp bowen   mg hinchey   
elements of physical biology   williams and wilkins   baltimore aj lotka md    
soil erosion   climatic vagary and agricultural change on the downs around lewes and brighton   autumn j boardman   da robinson applied geography      
generating spanning trees more quickly than the cover time db wilson proc . 28th acm symp      
threshold proxy signature schemes lecture notes in computer science   k zhang  1998.0 
the impact of family status on black   white   and hispanic women 's commuting v preston   s mclafferty   e hamilton urban geography   1993.0 
snowball : extracting relations from large plain-text collections e agichtein   l gravano    
what are perceptual modalities and how do they contribute to learning rf wislock 1993.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
kindly suggested that the nomenclature for configuration isomers of sulfinylcalix [ 4 ] arenas should dv bã ¶ hmer    
some computational properties of a model for electronic documents . tjm bench-capon   pe dunne    
speeding up the similarity search in multimedia database . t chen   m nakazato   ts huang   
naturwissenschafien   60   369 ( 1973 ) ; r. breslow g binsch acc . chem . res      
corporate intranets : the web within l erlanger pc magazine    
monitoring outcomes for cuyahoga county 's welfare leavers : how are they faring ? n verma   
denning and related activities of black bears in the coastal plain of north carolina rj hamilton   rl marchinton  international conference on bear research and management    
continuous '' morphing '' : competing through dynamic capabilities   form   and function vp rindova   s kotha    
the emergence of distributed component platforms d krieger   rm adler ieee computer   1998.0    
ubiquitous   self-tuning   scalable servers p spiro   
software quark model : a universal model for case repositories 1996.0 t ajisaka information and software technology    
synthetic force simulation fidelity e harvey engineering  
role of routine percutaneous hip aspirations prior to prosthesis revision es gould   hg potter   se bober 1990.0  skeletal radiology    
simulating the impact of information flows in networked organizations p peters   m jarke    
formal methods are research   not development p zave ieee computer    
resource integration using a large knowledge base in carnot mn huhns   c collet   wm shen ieee computer      
policy specification for programmable networks 1999.0 m sloman   e lupu lecture notes in computer science    
plasma exchange for guillain-barrã © syndrome jc raphael   s chevret   ra hughes   d annane cochrane database syst rev     2002.0 
superwarfarin poisoning . 1990.0 b katona   s wason journal of emergency medicine    
devise : integrated querying and visual exploration of large datasets ( demo abstract ) m livny   r ramakrishnan   ks beyer   g chen   d sigmod conference   1997.0 
monadic encapsulation in ml . in the acm sigplan international conference on functional programming 1999.0 m semmelroth   a sabry   
11 signs of spyware nj rubenking pc magazine march    
safety property verification of cyclic circuits k claessen submitted for publication    
deep blue 's hardware-software synergy s hamilton   l garber   
automatic and semiautomatic methods for image annotation and retrieval in query by image content ( j ashley   r barber   m flickner   jl hafner   d lee    proceedings of spie   2003.0 
are credit scoring models sensitive with respect to default definitions ? evidence from the austrian e hayden 2003.0  unpublished manuscript    
evaluating the merit and worth of sales training : asking the right questions dm brethower new directions for program evaluation   1989.0 
servo-system design technique utilising sensitivity as a design parameter y kamiya iee proceedings d. control theory and applications     1983.0 
the alphaslider : a rapid and compact selector proc . acm chi &#39; 94 conference   c ahlberg   b shneiderman   
boundary behaviour of conformal maps c pommerenke  1992.0 
a host computer system for software development pn gray  proc . 1974 acm national  
successful experience of using function points to estimate project costs early in the life-cycle r betteridge information and software technology      
r.   and dobbs   er   1955 jr barker phil . mag      
pesticidal soaps and adjuvants-what are they and how do they work gs puritch proceedings of the 23rd annual lower mainland horticultural  
forage digestibility and fitness in grizzly bears international conference on bear research and management   fl bunnell   t hamilton   
hamilton cycles in split graphs with large minimum degree discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2004.0 nd tan   lx hung   
high stakes and low stakes in assigning and responding to writing new directions for teaching and learning   p elbow  1997.0 
success with outsourcing and function pointsâ ?? doâ ?? s and donâ ?? ts ca dekkers procs . of software measurement european forum    
classification of human actions using face and hands detection h ikeda   m maeda   n kato   h kashimura   
macro-actions in reinforcement learning : an empirical analysis a mcgovern   rs sutton   
mathematical theories of brittle fracture . liebowitz   h. ( ed . )   fracture gc sih  academic   san diego    
towards a sound view integration methodology ma casanova   vmp vidal  proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1983.0 
corticosteroids for chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy ( cochrane review ) mm mehndiratta   rac hughes cochrane database syst . rev     2001.0 
â?â ? gâ ¡ â # â cents â $ â?â?â ¥ gâ ¦ report on the algorithmic language scheme technical report ai memo 848b   massachusetts institute of j rees   w clinger   h abelson   ni adams iv   d   
towards the support of integrated views of multiple databases : an aggregate schema facility d swartwout   jp fry    
how do i judge my outcome when i do not know the outcome of others ? the psychology of the fair 1997.0 k van den bos   ea lind   r vermunt   ham wilke journal of personality and social psychology    
a functional model of the tv programmes production system a deliysky   v radeva electrotechnika i elektronika      
associate professor of french z petropoulou  ba   university of athens    
version ten   mathlab group mr manual mit laboratory for computer science ( january  
a singular perturbation approachto modelingandcontrolof manipulatorsconstrainedbyasti environment   '' nh mcclamroch proc . of the 28th conference on decision and control      
visual information seeking : tight coupling of dynamic query filters with f : a ; $ 17 displays proc . acm sigchi â ?? 94   c ahlberg   b shneiderman   
the right idea at the right time : development of a transformational assessment culture new directions for higher education   1997.0 j magruder   ma mcmanis   cc young   
chaotic evolution of some coastal plain soils jd phillips  physical geography    
interventions in the management of serum lipids for preventing stroke recurrence cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 b manktelow   c gillies   jf potter   
fascicles for semantic compression and pattern extraction j madar  msc . thesis   department of computer science   university of  
for acquisitions and conservation purchase purchase and repair conservation of of books of pictures maga fund balance at      
deploying realistic estimation ( field situation analysis ) b londeix information and software technology      
query by image and video content : the qbic system m flickner   h sawhneyâ ? ¦    
automatic analysis of call-center conversations g mishne   d carmel   r hoory   a roytman   a soffer  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
into the demon universe : a literary exploration of oscar wilde . . cs nassaar   1972.0 
nonlocal quasilinear parabolic problems m siegwart doctoral dissertation   universitat zurich   switzerland    
ovulation suppression for endometriosis e hughes   d fedorkow   j collins   p vandekerckhove cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
federalist disciplines or local capture ? an empirical analysis of decentralization in uganda o azfar   j livingston   2002.0 
joseph m. hellersteirr potter 's wheel : an interactive data cleaning system v raman university of california at berkeley   proceedings of the & hellip ;    
tune in to the right cable stocks b coffey  forbes  
the evolution of functionally novel proteins after gene duplication al hughes proceedings : biological sciences   1994.0 
publishers   publishing and the internet : how journal publishing will survive and prosper in the je cox electronic library     1997.0 
yu . v   ivanov   ae konyaev   vf kositsyn   em tsentner   vt shebolev aa androsenko   pa androsenko  at . energ    
traits : composable units of behaviour lecture notes in computer science   n scharli   s ducasse   o nierstrasz   ap black  2003.0 
ion mobility spectrometer to trace gas analysis ( abstract only ) oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 t katto   h tyrvainen   k pietarinen   
performance relighting and reflectance transformation with time-multiplexed illumination proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   a wenger   a gardner   c tchou   j unger   t hawkins    2005.0 
for archiving and post-processing large   distributed   scientific data using sql/med and xml m papiani   jl wason   da nicole    
production models and social contexts d jonsson   t engstrã ¶ m   l medbo  paper to the sixth international conference on management of  
ss7 basics . telephony division intertec publishing corp. t beninger    
formation of the impacted ghetto : evidence from large metropolitan areas : 1970â ?? 1980 . ma hughes urban geography      
a model of methods access authorization in object-oriented databases eb fernandez   mm larrondo-petrie   e gudes proc . of the 19th vldb conference   dublin    
conceptual model of web service reputation . mp singh  sigmod record   2002.0 
self-tuning control of offset : a unified approach ps tuffs   dw clarke   
the solution of nonlinear operator equations with critical points . j davis 1966.0    
effects of expectancy on working and waiting for larger rewards 1965.0 w mischel   e staub journal of personality and social psychology    
smooth-a distributed multimedia database system h kosch   c hanin   c hofbauer   m lang   c riedler   r  vldb   2001.0 
survey finds companies lack e-commerce blueprint k melymuka computerworld    
society for information display mr douglass   cg malemes san diego    
laparoscopic surgery for subfertility associated with endometriosis cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 tz jacobson   dh barlow   pr koninckx   d olive   c   
interactive storytelling system using behavior-based non-verbal information : zenetic computer proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 n tosa   s matsuoka   k miyazaki   
integrating a structured-text retrieval system with an object-oriented database system tw yan   j annevelink  vldb   1994.0 
flc design for multi-objective system t lim   z bien 1996.0  applied mathematics and computer science    
oceanstore : an architecture for global-scale persistent storage d bindel   y chen   p eaton   d geels   r gummadi   s proceedings of acm asplos    
human neutrophils utilize a rac/cdc42-dependent mapk pathway to direct intracellular granule blood-new york -   b zhong   k jiang   dl gilvary   pk epling-burnette    2003.0 
the laboratory temperament assessment battery ( lab-tab ) hh goldsmith   mk rothbart university of wisconsin    
conservation biology of the bearded vulture ( gypaetus barbatus ) 2001.0 b gautschi   
love me   lead me   and leave me alone . new directions for higher education   js eaton  1988.0 
efficient locking for concurrent operation on b-trees acm tods   pl leman   sb yao   
from recombination of genes to the estimation of distributions i. binary parameters lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 h muhlenbein   g paaã ?   
centralized concurrency control methods for high-end tp . sigmod record   a thomasian  1991.0 
utilization of full fat jatropha seeds in broiler diet : effect on haematological parameters and oa adeyemi   oe fasina   mo balogun proceedings of the 25 conference of thnigerian society for & hellip ;    
adiabatic limit in perturbation theory renormalization theory . proceedings   d. reidel publishing co & hellip ;   h epstein   v glaser   
mechanoprotection of the plasma membrane in neurons and other non-erythroid cells by the spectrin - ce morris    
603 or 604 two semesters of cegep courses   including four of the following : biology 101   chemistry q english    
towards a theory of advanced transaction models in the situation calculus proceedings of the vldb 8th internationalworkshop on & hellip ;   i kiringa   
etal.   â ?? a space based model for user interaction in shared synthetic environment   â ?? le fahlen  proc . acm chi    
a comparison between deterministic and probabilistic approaches to the phenomenon of anomalous m kotulska cellular and molecular biology letters   1999.0    
microsoft asp . net . das entwicklerbuch h schwichtenberg 2002.0    
contracts and member checks in qualitative research in human geography : reason for caution ? 2001.0 m bradshaw area    
adopting strategies to speeding rural labor transferring s yang  access at    
director   research & venturing 2004.0 bt cto bt technology journal    
significance of coagulation-flocculation and filtration operations in wastewater reclamation and t asano   g tchobanoglous   rc cooper    
taxonomy of trust : categorizing p2p reputation systems s marti   h garcia-molina computer  
answer -- reason extraction in a parallel relational database . ms th . ( draft copy )   dept. comptr . sci.   p powell  md    
an empirical study of design evolution in a software system w li   l etzkorn   c davis   j talburt  information and software  
broadband in the home ke nolde 2002.0  bt technology journal    
understanding motor events : a neurophysiological study g pellegrino   l fadiga   l fogassi   v gallese   g experimental brain research   1992.0    
airborne doppler radar study of the structure and three-dimensional airflow within a hurricane conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;   1984.0 dp jorgensen   fd marks   
ã?lv -1 electron accelerator for commercial use gi budker   va gaponov   bm korabelâ ?? nikovâ ? ¦  at .  
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases s englert   pj weinberger    
b   fg johnson ( 1968 ) j lewis  acc . chem . res    
scored her 50th all-time nwt point on april 3 rdvs v sunohara russia at      
determination of prehospital blood glucose : a prospective   controlled study jl jones   vg ray   je gough   hg garrison journal of emergency medicine   1992.0    
clomiphene citrate for unexplained subfertility in women e hughes   j collins   p vandekerckhove cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
queryby image and video content : the qbic system m flickner   h sawhney   w niblack   j ashley   q ieee computer    
taking the risk and making a difference . 1988.0 s horn new directions for higher education    
the concurrency workbench : a semantics-based verification tool for finite state systems r cleaveland   j parrow   b steen acm toplas      
gluing copies of a 3-dimensional polyhedron to obtain a closed nonpositively curved pseudomanifold d burago   s ferleger   b kleiner   a kononenko proceedings-american mathematical  
preisach diagrams and remanent properties of interacting monodomain grains dj dunlop  phil . mag    
march 1996 . lifestreams : a storage model for personal data e freeman   d gelernter acm sigmod    
iga glomerular deposits in renal disease j berger transplant proc     1969.0 
consistency of the theory of contexts ( 2001 ) a bucalo   m hofmann   f honsell   m miculan   i   
customizable virtual private network service with qos lk lim   j gao   tse ng   pr chandra   p steenkiste   h computer networks   2001.0    
improving explicit congestion notification with the mark-front strategy 2001.0 c liu   r jain computer networks    
kut : informal rotating credit in malaysia area   s ghazali   
networked multimedia event exploration p appan   h sundaram proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
design and evaluation of incremental data structures and algorithms for dynamic query interfaces   '' e tanin    
proving congruence of simulation orderings in functional languages d howe unpublished manuscript      
using semantically heterogeneous structures . rj miller acm    
adaptive data broadcast in hybrid networks k stathotos   n roussopoulos   js baras proceedings of the 23rd    
critical analysis of tools for computer-aided software engineering m crozier   d glass   jg hughes   w johnston   i 1989.0  information and software technology    
radial diffusion coefficients of galactic and anomalous cosmic rays in the heliosphere . z fujii   fb mcdonald 1999.0  proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf    
the oceans asia publishing house bombay india p   shuj mw   rh fleming   
what is a â ?? largeâ ?? number of parameters in robust systems ? j ackermann   w sienel   
on the modes and meaning of feedback to transaction designers dw stemple   s mazumdar   t sheard    
deeds towards a distributed and active real-time database system 1996.0 s andler   j hansson   j eriksson   j mellin   m sigmod record    
predicting bottleneck bandwidth sharing by generalized tcp flows computer networks   2002.0 a misra   t ott   j baras   
khim ts sokolova   li klimova   za yaroslavtseva   em  volokna   no . i    
session management in broadcast networks with dynamic addresses o sharon   a segall computer networks   1999.0    
singular perturbation methods for ordinary differential equations re o'malley   1991.0 
navstar - global positioning system - ten years later ( invited paper ) bw parkinson   sw gilbert ieee   proceedings   1983.0    
a simultaneous maximum likelihood estimation of sequences for interfering synchronous channels lc barbosa   1987.0 
cosmic ray effects caused by great disturbances of the interplanetary medium in 1990-1996 av belov   ea eroshenko   vg yanke proc . 26th int . cosmic ray    
designing the user interface : strategies for effective human-computer interaction   third b shneiderman   
ibm db2 spatial extender-spatial data within the rdbms dw adler  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
held . g. the design and implementation of ingres m stonebraker   e wong   p kreps  acm trans . database syst    
mathematical framework of cone beam 3d reconstruction via the first derivative of the radon p grangeat mathematical methods in tomography   1991.0 
optimization of relational schemas containing inclusion dependencies 1989.0 ma casanova vldb    
further advances in the use of adjustment ( papadakis method ) in field experiments j papadakis  1988.0 
how the rdb/vms data sharing system became fast dlr anderson   tk rengarajan   p spiro   
development of a three-dimensional auditory display system em wenzel   fl wightman   sh foster acm sigchi bulletin     1988.0 
safety-critical systems design bp douglass   
pegasus : flight departure/arrival/gate information system s seneff   j polifroni   p schmid  1998.0 
cultural relativity and the identification of psychiatric disorders see ref   ah leighton   
low friction arthroplasty of the hip j charnley  1978.0 
minty variational inequality and vector optimization gp crespi   i ginchev   m rocca    
hoard : a scalable memory allocator for multithreaded applications ed berger   ks mckinley   rd blumofe   pr wilson    
motion abstraction and mapping with spatial constraints r bindiganavale   ni badler 1998.0  lecture notes in computer science    
efficient   self-contained handling of identity in peer-to-peer systems k aberer   a datta   m hauswirth  ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
estimation of parameters of structural model for genetic covariances in international genetic r rekaya   k weigel   d gianola    
using sound to extract meaning from complex data c scaletti   ab craig proceedings spie     1991.0 
quantum learning : teaching as dialogue j vella new directions for adult and continuing education     2002.0 
vector control of ac drives i boldea   sa nasar 1992.0    
an integrated web computing application for tasks related to course selection and registration 1999.0 t takeshita   k maeda information and software technology    
community consequences of highway improvement em horwood 1964.0    
designing the user interface : supplemental materials   university of maryland at college park   b shneiderman  md    
can bladder neck elevation be objectively assessed during colposuspension l bombieri   rm freeman proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the international & hellip ;      
the failure and recovery problem for replicated databases proceedings of the second annual acm symposium on principles & hellip ;   1983.0 pa bernstein   n goodman   
incremental data structures and algorithms for dynamic query interfaces etrbb shneiderman   1996.0 
an informal approach to formal specifications sigmod record   1984.0 al furtado   
object and query transformation : supporting multi-dimensional queries through code reuse b yu   r orlandic  proceedings of the 2000 acm cikm international conference on & hellip ;    
comparisons of some home range and population parameters among four grizzly bear populations in ja nagy   ma haroldson international conference on bear research and management    
new rc-active networks using current conveyors radioengineering-prague -   k vrba   j cajka   j zeman  1997.0 
the synovial lining of the rabbit knee : a scanning electron microscopy study of specimens reinforced d levanon   h stein the histochemical journal   1992.0 
efficient locking for concurrent operations on b-trees 1981.0 pl lehman   b yao acm transactions on database systems    
ã cents â ? ¬ the climate footprint : will we see it before it is upon us d kelly   c kolstad  1996.0 
agronomy research . a : yield and quality comparison of alfalfa   forage perennial peanut and ec french   ea hanlon   gm prine   wd pitman   ja polk county agricultural research/demonstration project & hellip ;    
a bayesian algorithm for simultaneous localization and map building h durrant-whyte   s thrun  submitted for publication   2001.0 
work function changes of high-t ( sub c ) superconductors around the t ( sub c ) ( abstract only ) j mizsei   a uusimaki   v lantto 1991.0  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
gtbd faults and lower bounds on multiple fault coverage of single fault test sets j jacob   nn biswas proc . int . test conf    
ubiquitous p spiro & hellip ;   scalable servers   acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
m & m-query : database support for the annotation and retrieval of biological research articles proc . acm sigmod conference   k baclawski   n fridman  1993.0 
selfish behavior and stability of the internet : a game-theoretic analysis of tcp a akella   s seshan   r karp   s shenker   c   
smith predictor and self-tuning control of muscle relaxant anaesthesia da linkens   m menad   aj asbury  proceedings of the iee   part d    
color 3-d electronic imaging of the surface of the human body m rioux proceedings of  
potter 's wheel : an interactive data cleaning system v raman   jm hellerstein vldb   2001.0    
semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles rt ng   hv jagadish   j madar proc int conf on very large databases    
l. wiecke for the hires collaboration k martens  proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf . ( tsukuba )    
a determination of the minimal right ideals in the enveloping algebra of a lie algebra of classical 1963.0 gm nielsen   
measuring herding and exaggeration by equity analysts and other opinion sellers e zitzewitz  unpublished manuscript   2001.0 
intranets and eda : impact   application   and technology d ku   j rowson  proceedings of the 1996 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
demonstration of in vitro infection of chimpanzee hepatocytes with hepatitis c virus using strand - 1994.0 re lanford   c sureau   jr jacob   r white virology-new york -    
experiences with building middleware for audio and visual networked home appliances on commodity t nakajima  proceedings of the acm international conference on  
depression   working models of others   and relationship functioning kb carnelley   pr pietromonaco   k jaffe journal of personality and social psychology     1994.0 
integrating a structured-text retrieval system with an object-oriented database system tw yantt   j annevelinkt    
in nist chemistry webbook   nist standard reference database number 69 ; linstrom   pj ; mallard   wg ( hy afeefy   jf liebman   se stein md    
crustal studies around the canary islands bp dash   e bosshard rept . xxiiird . int . geol . congr . czechoslovakia   procs .    
design by example a bruggemann-klein   s hermann  electronic publishing    
algorithmic mechanism design n nisan   a ronen    
rcbr : a simple and efficient service for multiple time-scale trac proceedings of sigcomm   m grossglauser   s keshav   d tse   
a case for fractured mirrors rrdj dewitt   q su    
non-reversible privacy transformations sp reiss   mj post   t dalenius  proceedings of the 1st acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1982.0 
top off codeview debugging with cv/iceing pc magazine   r knoblaugh  1993.0 
inversion layer mobility : characterization   modeling and simulation jt watt src technical review   design sciences   stanford university   & hellip ;      
processes supporting teacher change within a school-based professional development program pj lin proceedings of the national science councilâ ?? part d : & hellip ;    
distributed data structures in linda proceedings of the 13th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ;   n carriero   d gelernter   j leichter  1986.0 
promoting universal usability with multi-layer interface design b shneiderman    
trajectory based forwarding and its applications d niculescu   b nath   
vibrations in structures . h bachmann   w ammann iabse   eth-hoenggerberg   ch-8093 zurich ( switzerland )   1987   & hellip ;     1987.0 
where are we heading ? . jl fisher new directions for higher education   1979.0 
daffe/clp/wp3 / wd ( 2001 ) 11 r by switzerland   
cortico-hippocampal interplay and the representation of contexts in the brain 1991.0 r miller   
supporting applications with network intelligence and b-isdn bt technology journal   1998.0 gl bruce   ja clark   
algorithmic aspects in large deformation contact analysis using â ?? â ?? solid-shellâ ?? â ?? elements m harnau   a konyukhov   k schweizerhof submitted for    
difference methods for initial-value problems rd richtmyer   kw morton    
evaluation within the us department of health and human services office of inspector general mf mangano new directions for program evaluation    
pretruncal nonaneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage efm wijdicks   gm miller mayo clinic proceedings   1998.0    
the social psychology of creativity tm amabile  1983.0 
development of annular coupled structure t kageyamaâ ? ¦ procs . of the 1994 linear accelerator conference    
query previews for networked information systems : a case study with nasa environmental data q previews    
crowns   suckers and slips of smooth cayenne pineapples infested with diaspis bromeliae were fumigation i australia   
scalable peer-to-peer networked virtual environment 2004.0 sy hu   gm liao proceedings of acm sigcomm    
the child 's world : geography around the home . pull-out feature 2 . social studies and the young learner   1996.0 na chicola   eb english   
reaching new heights in benchmark testing ml vanname   b catchings pc magazine    
the population ecology of the limpets : lottia gigantea ( gray ) and several species of acmaea ( js stimson   1968.0 
deadlock detection in distributed database systems : a new algorithm and a comparative performance n krivokapiä ?   a kemper   e gudes the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 
operations for the ip environmentâ ?? when the internet became a serious business j ozdural  bt technology journal   2000.0 
a quantum structuredynamic model of quarks   leptons   weak vector bosons   and higgs mesons ow greenberg   j sucher aip conference proceedings   1981.0 
flexible notification for collaborative systems h shen   c sun    
computer technology forecast for virtual observatories j gray   
immobilisation and functional treatment for acute lateral ankle ligament injuries in adults cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 gm kerkhoffs   bh rowe   wj assendelft   k kelly   pa   
the role of risk in price-earnings relations dj chambers   rn freeman   as koch unpublished manuscript   1999.0    
creating a culture of leadership new directions for higher education   ph lewis  1994.0 
strauss : a specification miner 2003.0 g ammons   
deeds towards a distributed and active real-time database system . 25 ( 1 ) : 38â ?? 40 1996.0 s andler   j hansson   j eriksson   j mellin   m   
r. damrauer   jh bowie and jc sheldon acc . chem . res   ch depuy   
quill publishing md william glasser    
teamwork key to workgroup success r hamilton   
a study of locking phenomenon in oscillators proc . ire   r adler   
the tensionfree vaginal tape procedure ( tvt ) in treatment of recurrent female stress incontinence cg nilsson proc intern continence society 29th ann meeting   denver   & hellip ;    
the role of vhdl within tosca co-design framework s antoniazzi   a balboni   w fornaciari   d sciuto procs . euro-vhdl   grenoble   france      
a computer-based corporate planning system wf hamilton   ma moses  management science   1974.0 
6riwzduhuhtxluhphqwv ke wiegers  1999.0 
devise ( demo abstract ) : integrated querying and visual exploration of large datasets m livny   r ramakrishnan   k beyer   g chen   d  proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1997.0 
323 us at 216 . decades later   convictions for resisting internment were set aside after it was shown s korematsu    
principles of optimally placing data in tertiary storage libraries hc paradise   c chania    
enveloped virus is the major virus form produced during productive infection with the modified d spehner   r drillien   f proamer   c houssais -   
opossum : desk-top schema management through customizable visualization em haber   ye ioannidis   m livny  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
parallel programming with polaris rd williamblume   r eigenmann   j grout   j hoeinger   ieee computer    
wired colleges 101 a hickman pc magazine online    
patel : â ?? complex relationships and knowledge discovery support in the infoquilt systemâ ?? t sheth the vldb  
evaluating agents ' learning with models of artificial intelligence e kalyvas  msc thesis . computer science department   university of  
the demsetz hypothesis and hospital markets : an empirical analysis ideas.repec.org   
robert lewis dabney   apostle of the old south dh overy   1967.0 
hâ '' control for impul-sive disturbances : a state space approach   '' qf wei   wp dayawansa   ps krishnaprasad  & hellip ; of american control conference   seattle   washington    
data base system security and ingres v downs   g popes  m proc . conf . very large data bases    
msocks + : an architecture for transport layer mobility p bhagwat   da maltz   a segall  computer networks   2002.0 
the radiansphere around a small antenna proc . ire   ha wheeler   
are we working on the right problems ? m stonebraker sigmod record     1998.0 
collaboration and learning within immersive virtual reality the proceedings of acm cve   rl jackson   e fagan  2000.0 
growth hormome treatment of children with prader-willi syndrome as reported to the kigs database submitted for em ritzã © n   
follow-up study : long-term effects of modified internship for beginning elementary teachers fh hite 1968.0    
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : surgery   mj wagner   jm wightman   gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine     1996.0 
adaptive parallelism and piranha n carriero   e freeman   d gelernter   d kaminsky   
acoustic deterrence of harmful marine mammalâ ? fishery interactions rr reeves   rj hofman   gk silber   d wilkinson & hellip ; a workshop held in seattle   washington . us national oceanic & hellip ;      
procs 2 ndworkshop on electronics for lhc experiments   cern/lhcc 96-39 ( 1996 ) 463 m frenchâ ? ¦ s. gardien et al.   procs 3 rdworkshop on electronics for lhc & hellip ;    
instance-based attribute identification in database integration ceh chua   rhl chiang   ep lim 2003.0  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;    
protdb : probabilistic data in xml . a nierman   hv jagadish vldb   2002.0 
adult attachment   working models   and relationship quality in dating couples journal of personality and social psychology   nl collins   sj read  1990.0 
gazdasã ¡ gos fã © mszerkezetek analãzise ã © s tervezã © se   muegyetemi kiadã ³   budapest   226 p k jã ¡ rmai   m ivã ¡ nyi isbn    
comments on optimality of b-trees 1983.0 j klonk acm sigmod record    
the state of working america   1994-95 l mishel   j bernstein    
r. & mutter   m. ( 1981 ) vn pillai  acc . chem .  
direct solutions of sparse network equations by optimally ordered triangular factorization wf tinney   jw walker proc . ieee   1967.0    
a jurisprudence in disarray : on battery   wrongful living   and the right to bodily integrity m strasser san diego law review   1999.0 
increasing learning among developmental education students . w mooreâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   1976.0 
are atm   gigabit ethernet ready for prime time ? d clark ieee computer   1998.0    
proxy categories in phrase-structure theory l nash   a rouveret proceedings-nels   1997.0    
on connection of cosmic ray long term variations with solar-heliospheric parameters 1999.0 av belov   rt gushchina   vg yanke proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf    
generation of relevant didactic explanations by the computer running a simulation for itself jl dessalles    
measuring the dynamic behaviour of aspectj programs b dufour   c goard   l hendren   o de moor   g    
abbadi :   ae   storage and retrieval of moving objects hd chon   d agrawal ieee intl. conf . on mobile data management ( mdm )      
intercast brings the web to tv : new technology may change the way you watch television . b proffit  pc  
efficient recursive xml query processing in relational database systems s prakash   ss bhowmick   s madria   
efficient topology-aware overlay network . acm computer communications review   33 ( 1 ) : 101â ?? 106   jan m waldvogel   r rinaldi proceedings of acm hotnets-i ( october  
networked gamesâ ?? a qos-sensitive application for qos-insensitive users ? t henderson   s bhatti    
on the stability of the functional equation f ( xy ) = f ( x ) y   mathematica sm jung to  
permeability changes during shear deformation of fractured rock lw teufel  proc . us rock mech . symp.   28th    
small ambient isotopies of a 3-manifold which transform one embedding of a polyhedron into another . rf craggs   1967.0 
road warriors : 11 laptops battle it out pc magazine  pc magazine    
chameleon : a new multi-layer channel router proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   d braun   j burns   s davadas   hk ma   k mayaram   f  1986.0 
implementation of data abstraction in the relational system   ingres j ongâ ? ¦  acm sigmod record   march    
multiple steady states in azeotropic and reactive distillation 1998.0 te guttinger   
working notes on error handling   clu design note 6 s zilles   1974.0 
a study of social stereotype of body image in children journal of personality and social psychology   1967.0 jr staffieri   
pharmacokinetics of tacrolimus : clinically relevant aspects na undre   p stevenson   a schafer transplantation proceedings   1999.0    
mutual interference models for cdma mobile communication networks v wieser   k hrudkay    
an attempt to hand raise a killer whale calf : a case history proceedings of the 23rd international association of aquatic & hellip ;   dg huff   a johnson   s innes   r lewis   
industries itt df_cd dragonfly companion informal correspondence demonstration   & hellip ;    
what are they thinking pc magazine   n king   
the best way to teach computer literacy . electronic learning   a leuhrmann   t spain  1984.0 
query by image and video content : the qbic system m plickner   h sawhney  1995.0 
a unified loss function in bayesian framework for support vector regression w chu   ss keerthi   cj ong    
a hankel approach to singular system realiza-tion theory ws gray   ei verriest   fl lewis proc . 29th cdc honolulu   hawaii    
self-tuning controller dw clarke   pj gawthrop  proc . iee    
observationsâ ?? geography and development : â ?? core and peripheryâ ?? area   r potter   
mathematical modeling of dense avalanches m eglit proceedings of the anniversary conference for the 25 years & hellip ;      
working with faculty teaching behaviors new directions for teaching and learning   bl erickson   gr erickson   
real-time generation of sound from parameters of additive synthesis r strandh   s marchand    
an approach to symbolic test generation v rusu   l bousquet   t jeron 2000.0  lecture notes in computer science    
hypothalamic neurons responding to changes in hypothalamic and ambient temperatures see ref   rf hellon   
detecting ddos attacks on isp networks a akella   a bharambe   m reiter   s seshan    
sharing the wealth w spain computerworld    
optimization and evaluation of generalized top queries p ciaccia   r cornacchia   a ghidini    
social capital : prospects for a new concept 2002.0 ps adler   sw kwon academy of management review    
working overtime without pay : dp martyrdom or self-flagellation . j stone computerworld.   1982.0 
yield and gel strength of agar from cystocarpic and tetrasporic plants of gracilaria verrucosa ( proc . int . seaweed symp   dh kim   np henriquez   
the jaeri-kek joint project ( the j-parc project ) for the high intensity proton accelerator y yamazaki  proc . pac    
the video window system in informal commu nications . [ c ] proc bl chalfonte proc . acm cscw      
how to summarize the universe : dynamic maintenance of quantiles 2002.0 ac gilbert   y kotidis   s muthukrishnan   m strauss vldb    
mobility support in ip cellular networksâ ?? a multicastâ ?? based approach a festag    
a case study in abstraction using e-lotos and the firewire c shankland   a verdejo  computer networks   2001.0 
events and subjective well-being : only recent events matter e suh   e diener   f fujita journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
quantum world in 2 + 1 dimensions ( abstract only ) h hansson oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0    
improving tcp over wireless networks h balakrishnan   s seshan   e amir   r katz proc . of acm mobicomâ ?? 95 conf    
a fast index for semistructured data 2001.0 b cooper   n sample   mj franklin   gr hjaltason   m vldb    
n. stefanovic 1997 â ?? geominer : a system prototype for spatial data miningâ ?? j han   k koperski proc . acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data ( sigmod &#39; 97  
mathematical problems from combustion theory 1989.0 j bebernes   d eberly   
efficient disk-based k-means clustering for relational databases c ordonez   e omiecinski ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0    
crystallographic computing agw leslie from chemistry to biology    
poison pills : harmful relevant documents in feedback e terra   r warren  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
prediction of slant-path amplitude scintillations from meteorological parameters g ortgies proc . int . symp . radio    
a new sine wave in   sine wave out   conversion technique eliminates reactive elements m venturini  proc . powercon    
physiology of heat sensitivity see ref   dl denlinger   gd yocum  1998.0 
petkovic . automatic and semi-automatic methods for image annotation and retrieval in qbic b ashley   h flickner   n lee technical report rj-9951 . ibm almaden research center    
adaptive data broadcast in hybrid networks 1997.0 k stathatos   n roussopoulos   js baras proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : internal m markham   gc hamilton 1994.0  journal of emergency medicine    
convergence of explicit lqg self-tuning controllers mj grimble & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1988.0    
demonstrationsmodell fã 1/4 r binã $ re optische rechner demonstration model for binary optical calculators ]   dpa [ german ke ganzhorn   p schweitzer   w kulcke   
lr-white and lr-gold resins for postembedding immunofluorescence staining of laminin in mouse kidney r herken   m fussek   s barth   w gã ¶ tz the histochemical journal     1988.0 
uimplementatron of integrrty constrarntcr and vtews by query mod $ catronâ ?? m stonebraker proceedings of the 1975 acm-sigmod international conference & hellip ;      
broadband in-home networks s hughes   dj thorne bt technology journal   1998.0    
globalization   regionalism and labour : the case of mercosur labour capital and society   r munck  2001.0 
the chameleon effect : the perception-behavior link and social interaction tl chartrand   ja bargh  journal of personality and social psychology   1999.0 
reliability   stability   and sensitivity of the colorado symptom index b lee   d shern   a coen unpublished manuscript    
devise : integrated querying and visual exploration of large datasets sigmod rec   1997.0 m livny   r ramakrishnan   k beyer   g chen   d   
pharmacotherapy for posttraumatic stress disorder 2000.0 dj stein   n zungu-dirwayi   gj van der linden   s cochrane database syst rev    
recent bt patents bt technology journal   p gray  2002.0 
a tool for modular database design l tucherman   al furtado   ma casanova vldb     1985.0 
the qbic project : querying images by content using color   texture and shape r research report w niblack   r barber   w equizâ ? ¦  ibm almaden research center   san jose   ca    
teledemocracy in local government rt watson   s akselsen   b evjemo   n aarsaether 1999.0  communications-acm    
sqlem : fast clustering in sql using the em algorithm c ordonez   
abstract interpretation of reactive systems 1997.0 d dams   r gerth   o grumberg acm transactions on programming languages and systems ( & hellip ;    
empirical study of software maintenance m van genuchten   g brethouwer   t van den boomen   f information and software technology   1992.0    
cytoplasmic contractile elements in glomerular cells 1983.0 pm andrews   ak coffey fed proc    
67   821â ± 828 ; d ) gr desiraju acc . chem . res   ad hamilton   j chem   
in search of excellence : lessons from americaâ ?? s best-run companies tj peters   rh waterman   
through the labyrinth evolution finds a way : a silicon ridge lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 i harvey   a thompson   
modern database systems w kimâ ? ¦   1995.0 
a buyerâ ?? s market : jobs abound for is professionals with the right skills s alexander computerworld    
when does an asp pay off ? m netto    
building dynamic application networks with web services m mihic proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
software infrastructure for ubiquitous computing environments : supporting synchronous collaboration lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 p tandler   
data structuring in the ddl and relational data model ifip working conference data base management   gm nijssen   
apj pb hall   sf anderson   ma strauss   dg york   gt 2002.0    
wide area cartesian routing l hughes   o banyasad   e hughes computer networks   2000.0 
ontogenetic allometry of threespine stickleback body form using landmark-based morphometrics ja walker contributions to morphometrics   1993.0 
tributaries and deltas : efficient and robust aggregation in sensor network streams a manjhi   s nath   pb gibbons submitted for    
science ( washington dc )   2000   287   1636 ; ra sheldon   iwce arends   g.-j . ten brink and a. dijksman gj ten brink acc . chem . res      
ca-dbfast 2.0 turns database projects into windows apps pc magazine   sw plain  1993.0 
morphology of solid organ allograft arteriopathy : identification of proliferating intimal cell aj demetris   t zerbe   b banner transplant proc     1989.0 
metabolism of substrates : energy substrate metabolism during exercise and as modified by training fed proc   pd gollnick  1985.0 
de-platonizing and democratizing education as the bases of service learning i harkavy   l benson 1998.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
1994   supplemental instruction : increasing achievement and retention dc martin   dr arendale new directions for teaching and    
when reputation engenders trust : an empirical investigation in business-to-consumerelectronic s einwiller electronic markets   2003.0    
emerging standards for component software rm adler   
avoiding asp angst '' gh anthes computerworld    
mcgraw-hill companies s processes    
the naos system c collet   t coupaye proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0 
biometry   2nd ed : wh freeman and co new york   rr sokal   fj rohlf   
a characterization of the sensitivity of query optimization to storage access cost parameters sigmod conference   2003.0 f reiss   t kanungo   
test input generation for red-black trees using abstraction w visser   cs pä?sä?reanu   r pelã ¡ nek 2005.0  proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;    
a cooperative coevolutionary approach to function optimization ma potter   ka de jong lecture notes in computer science     1994.0 
economic performance of group-affiliated companies in korea : intragroup resource sharing and sj chang   j hong  academy of management journal   2000.0 
modelling   design and control of a modern electropneumatic actuator ig french   cs cox   
embracing the hybrid model : working at the intersections of virtual and physical learning spaces td skill   ba young new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0    
learning to find answers to questions on the web e agichtein   s lawrence   l gravano 2004.0  acm transactions on internet technology    
a framework for semantic gossiping sigmod record   k aberer   m hauswirth  2002.0 
a. ( 1993 ) : model of methods access authorization in object-oriented databases proc . of the 19th vldb conference   eb fernandez   mm larrondo-petrie   e gudes   
actiview : adaptive data presentation using supersql y maeda   m toyama  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
intellectual property issues for the new round the wto after seattle . ( washington dc : institute for & hellip ;   ke maskus  2000.0 
hierarchical spline-based image registration . inieee computer society conference on computer vision r szeliski   j coughlan ieee computer society   seattle   washington   june      
a one-pass algorithm for accurately estimating quantiles for disk-resident data k alsabti   s ranka   v singh  vldb   1997.0 
organophosphate poisoning in perth   western australia   1987-19961 gm emerson   nm gray   ga jelinek   d mountain   hj journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
â ?? one size fits allâ ?? database architectures do not work for dss proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0 c french   
synthetic models for the 02-binding hemoproteins acc . chem . res   jp collman   
ethical issues in innovative surgery : should we attempt a cadaveric hand transplantation in a human 1998.0 m siegler transplantation proceedings    
mobility of hg   as   sb   s   and c in a metamorphic belt : insights into the source of elements ik pitcairn   mr ashley   dah teagle   drh green   cr  proceedings of the 7th biennial sgameeting athens   greece    
new directions for research   policy development   and practice 1998.0 dw leslie new directions for higher education    
yu . a. nikolaev   and av nikolaeva   â ?? effect of cascade micropores on diffusion fluxes of point yr kevorkyan  at .  
fuel elements based on spherical particles with a protective coating for enhanced-safety reactors at . as chernikov   ln permyakov   ii fedikâ ? ¦   
combustion behaviour of low volatile australian coals . commonwealth of australia national energy iw smith development and demonstration program    
summary of the main points to be developed m pezzini presentation at      
publishing american identity : popular geopolitics   myth and the reader 's digest political geography   1993.0 jp sharp   
home networking 101 c metz pc magazine . accessed      
the moderator-mediator variable distinction in social psychological research : conceptual   strategic   journal of personality and social psychology   rm baron   da kenny  1986.0 
automorphisms of negatively curved groups d cooper preprint   university of california at santa barbara    
tourist development in spain : growth versus conservation on the costa brava . a morris   g dickinson geography     1987.0 
database-centric programming for wide-area sensor systems s chen   pb gibbons   s nath submitted for publication   2004.0 
counting points on hyperelliptic curves over finite fields lecture notes in computer science   p gaudry   r harley  2000.0 
clustering high-dimensional data using an efficient and effective data space reduction proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   r orlandic   y lai   wg yee  2005.0 
0.15 ml buried channel pfet device design r rengarajan   m weybright   j faltermeier   s butt    proc . 29th eur . solid-state device res . conf    
testing monadic code with quickcheck k claessen   j hughes    
conflict management   gossip   and affective meaning on nukulaelae n besnier see ref    
biomechanical performance of cutting edge surgical needles fh watkins   sd london   jg neal   jg thacker   rf journal of emergency medicine   1997.0    
xenotransplantation : the transplantation of organs and tissues between species dkc cooperâ ? ¦  1997.0 
comparison between laboratory analysis and sieving using laboratory scale model muckpiles pd katsabanis  proceedings of the 25 thannual conference on explosives and & hellip ;    
antiphase boundary energies in iron-aluminium alloys rc crawford   ilf ray  phil . mag    
milan : a model based integrated simulation framework for design of embedded systems a bakshi   vk prasanna   a ledecziâ ? ¦    
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases j gray   p sundaresan   s englert sigmod conference   1994.0    
fig working week athens   greece   may   je stoter   pjm van oosterom   hd ploeger   h aalders   
confinement of metal complexes within porous hosts : development of functional materials for gas ll welbes   as borovik acc . chem . res   2005.0    
query by image and video content : the qbic system ieee computer   q huang   b dom   m gorkani   j hafner   d lee   d   
interaction between strains of pseudomonas solanacearum   its hosts and the environment er french see ref      
â ?? a 13.5-bit cost optimized multi-bit delta-sigma adc for adslâ ?? proceedings of the 25 thesscirc   september   a wiesbauer   h weinberger   m clara   j hauptmann   
boston architects cited for use of cad tools . computerworld.   k hafner  1983.0 
a hard-headed look at labour standards r freeman  & hellip ; labor   bureau of international labor affairs   international & hellip ;    
a metadatabase system for semantic image search by a mathematical model of meaning 1994.0 y kiyoki   t kitagawa   t hayama sigmod record    
the kulturarw project-the swedish royal web archive a arvidson electronic library   1998.0    
infrasound monitoring of atmospheric events he bass   ma garces   ma hedlin   gl dâ ?? spain   jv    
dtl 's dataspot : database exploration using plain language s dar   g entin   s geva   e palmon vldb     1998.0 
application of stochastic optimal control to thin rib machining m anjanappa   dk anand   j kirk   
a new perspective on rule support for object-oriented databases e anwar   l maugis   s chakravarthy    
children in a violent society jd osofskyâ ? ¦   
on the state of stress in a plastic-rigid body at the yield point r hill phil . mag      
symbolic analysis for large networks and systems incl   ide both numerical and symbolic parameters by t matsumoto   n nakayama   k tsuji  procs   of  
anabolic steroids are fool 's gold aj ryan fed proc   1981.0 
powers of ten thousand : a translucent zooming technique demonstration at uist   h leiberman   
problems in catalan phonology . c lleã ³ 1970.0    
historically black colleges and universities : making a comeback ke redd new directions for higher education   1998.0 
practices and problems in evaluating instruction . new directions for higher education   1977.0 we moomaw   
d. fogg   and m. stonebraker   â ?? implementatin of data abstraction in the relational database system j ong  acm sigmod  
speeding up construction of pmr quadtree-based spatial indexes the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2002.0 gr hjaltason   h samet   
s. 2001 . a scalable content-addressable network proceedings of acm s ratnasamy   p francis   m handley   rs karp   
real algebraic threefolds i. terminal singularities   collectanea math j kollã ¡ r to  
biological storytelling : a software tool for biological information organization based upon acm siggroup bulletin   a kuchinsky   k graham   d moh   a adler   k babaria    2002.0 
the social psychology of creativity : a componential conceptualization journal of personality and social psychology   tm amabile   
designing microsoft asp . net applications dj reilly    
the rediscovery of mina loy and the avant garde sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1961.0 
information systems in japanese local government : sifting the dusty corridors y sekiguichi   kv andersen    
stakeholders   social responsibility   and performance : empirical evidence and theoretical js harrison   re freeman the academy of management journal   1999.0 
phil mag . 10   177 . cooper   mj ( 1965 ) mj cooper  phil . mag    
biometry   3rd ed : wh freeman and co rr sokal   fj rohlf  new york    
survival   reproduction   and recruitment of woody plants after 14 years on a reforested landfill gr robinson   sn handel   vr schmalhofer environmental management      
the c-function for non-compactly causal symmetric spaces b krã?tz   g oã ¨ lafsson    
cartesian routing 2000.0 l hughes   o banyasad   e hughes computer networks    
mathematical knowledge management in theorema b buchberger    
intelligence with the ubiquitous network   the embedded computer devices and the hidden databases ( ej sol proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;     2001.0 
692   except as modified herein d astm at    
irisnet : an architecture for internet-scale sensing pb gibbons   b karp   y ke   s nath   s seshan    
tobias j. moskowitz p held    
shocks   sensitivity and resilience : tracking the economic impacts of environmental disaster on mr carter   pd little   t mogues   w negatu 2004.0  university of wisconsin    
skills they 'd kill for a radding  computerworld    
qxtract : a building block for efficient information extraction from text databases 2003.0 e agichtein   l gravano proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
placing trust   trusting place : on the social construction of offshore financial centres political geography   1998.0 ac hudson   
notes on database operating systems jn gray lecture notes in computer science .  
no girl is an island : girls in science and technology often feel alone m honey   d bennett electronic learning      
examination of a model of multiple sociocultural influences on adolescent girls ' body tl dunkley   eh wertheim   sj paxton adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 
an empirical performance study of the ingres search accelerator for a large property management ss anand   da bell  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
a knowledge processing system for data service network design bt technology journal   nj fiddian   p marti   jc pazzaglia   k hui   a preece  1999.0 
financing liberal learning : the role for government . new directions for higher education   db johnstone  1994.0 
insolvency of insurance companies yy chen university of california   santa barbara doctoral & hellip ;      
updating relational databases through weak instance interfaces p atzeni   r torlone  acm transactions on database systems   1992.0 
jasonmadar   and raymond ng . semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles hv jagadish  & hellip ; of the25th international conference onverylarge  
the case for an ice shelf in the pleistocene arctic ocean polar geography   mg grosswald   tj hughes  1999.0 
the role of membrane skeleton in formation of the irreversibly sickled cell : a review 1996.0 sr goodman cellular and molecular biology letters    
multiple myeloma : increasing evidence for a multistep transformation process m hallek   pl bergsagel   kc anderson blood-new york -   1998.0    
biomembrane perturbation induced by xenobiotics in model and living systems e bertoli   a ambrosini   g zolese   r gabbianelli   d    
mean position and deviation of the kuroshio axis in the east china sea umi to sora   t yamashiro   a maeda   m sakurai   
production of pure hydrogen by the fluidized bed membrane reactor process j grace   am adris   j lim & hellip ; world hydrogen energy conference   montreal   canada   june      
a diffusion problem in which the amount of diffusing sub-stance is finite . 11 : diffusion with non - phil . mag   j crank   
attenuated phase-shifting photomasks fabricated from cr-based embedded shifter blanks fd kalk   rh french   hu alpay   g hughes   
experiments with b-tree reorganization e gudes   
practical capillary electrophoresis   p. 200 academic   san diego   r weinberger   
erp adoption by european midsize companies y van everdingen   j van hillegersberg   e waarts communications-acm   2000.0 
data sharing through query translation in autonomous sources a kementsietsidis   m arenas proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0    
networked learning environments new directions for teaching and learning   ag chute   pk sayers   rp gardner  1997.0 
symbolic data structures for multi-valued model-checking m chechik   a gurfinkel   b devereux   a lai   s submitted for publication      
garcia-molina . adhoc   self-supervisingpeer-to-peersearch networks bf cooper andh 2003.0    
a probabilistic template-based approach to discovering repetitive patterns in broadcast videos proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 p wang   zq liu   sq yang   
the top 25 techno-mbas a earls   
ã cents â ? ¬ fault tolerance techniques for systolic arraysã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents a jacob   p banerjee   cy chen   w fuchs   sy kuo   a  ieee computer    
rural kiosks in india k toyama   k kiri   ml ratan   a nileshwar   r    
radiofrequency thermal ablation versus other interventions for hepatocellular carcinoma d galandi   g antes cochrane database syst rev   2004.0    
thinksheet : a tool for tailoring complex documents p piatko   r yangarber   d lin   d shasha proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1996.0 
p. kreps the design and implementation of ingres acm tods   m stonebraker   e wong   
a method to calculate necessary assignments in algorithmic test pattern generation j rajski   h cox  proc . int . test conf   1990.0 
anomalous behavior of cosmic ray anisotropy in the last minimum of the solar activity 1999.0 av belov   ea eroshenko   va oleneva   vg yanke proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf    
localities and failures proceedings rm amadio   
agent-based modellingâ ?? treating customers as individuals not numbers d collings   t reeder   i adjali   p crocker   m lyons bt technology journal     2000.0 
estimation of sediment redistribution within agricultural fields using caesium-137   crystal springs   applied geography   ra sutherland   e de jong   
an exploration of schema development in procedure-oriented programmers learning object-oriented proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   ml manns   j nelson  1993.0 
new results on an electropneumatic active seat suspension system proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2000.0 gj stein   
a network-centric approach to embedded software for tiny devices de culler   j hill   p buonadonna   r szewczyk   a woo lecture notes in computer science   2001.0    
assessment of the environmental impact from the construction of a dam and a reservoir s floras   d pateras   s raptis  demonstration case study ( ref : 639620 ) [ http://ewse . ceo . org  
a precise definition of basic relational notions and of the relational algebra acm sigmod record   a pirotte  1982.0 
on non-z ( mod k ) dominating sets y caro   ms jacobson    
predicting accuracy of extracting information from unstructured text collections proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 e agichtein   s cucerzan   
r. and gerritsen   r. extended semantics for generalization hierarchies lgi lee proc . acm-sigmod conference      
companies donâ ?? t learn from previous it snafus computerworld   ks nash   
new design methods for modified reference adaptive control for nonminimum phase systems with proceedings of the iee   d. control theory and applications   j lu   y yahai   
c k-analysis of subdivision surfaces at extraordinary points h prautzsch    
weakened paraelectricity at very low temperatures k knop & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;     1974.0 
on-line service adaptation for mobile and fixed terminal devices   proc . of the 2nd int j korva   j plomp   p mã $ ã $ ttã $   m metso conf . on mobile data management ( mdm 2001 )   hong kong    
the climate change footprint : will we see it before it is upon us ? dl kelly   cd kolstad  1996.0 
mortality from malignant neoplasms in greece 1960-1985 athens   greece : greek cancer society   k katsouyanni   m kogevinas   n dontas   p   
the role of women in african music education jn mokwunyei proceedings of the 23rd international society for music & hellip ;    
videotape and the attribution process : reversing actorsâ ?? and observersâ ?? points of view md storms journal of personality and social psychology   1973.0    
a model of the boundary between theâ ?? x and z growth sectors in synthetic quartz dy parpia  phil . mag    
spatial search for multicomponent objects in a geographic information system using symbolic models s menon 1990.0    
semantic overlay networks proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   k aberer   p cudrã © - mauroux  2005.0 
galerkin finite element methods for parabolic problems v thomã © e   1997.0 
program development by transformations applied to relational database queries vldb   vw setzer  1979.0 
an algorithm for concurrency control and recovery in replicated distributed pa bernstein   n goodman acm transactions on database systems     1984.0 
an empirical study of object-oriented system evolution w li   l etzkorn   c davis   j talburt information & software technology   2000.0    
fresh : expert-system shell with foundation in data modelling 1989.0 erk spoor   jwb vermeulen information and software technology    
an efficient parts-based near-duplicate and sub-image retrieval system y ke   r sukthankar   l huston proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
on set systems with a threshold property z furedi   rh sloan   k takata   g turan    
fluid flow around a bluff body used for a karman vortex flowmeter proc . int . symp . fluid control meas   t igarashi   
september 11 { 13   1989 uk london  acm press   new  
bayesian networks for estimating the userâ ?? s interests in the context of a configuration task w schã 1/4 tz   r schã $ fer    
distributed virtual environments and vrml : an event-based architecture m wray   r hawkes www7 / computer networks     1998.0 
using formal methods to reason about semantics-based decompositions of transactions p ammann   s jajodia   i ray proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
the assessment of noncollegiate sponsored programs of instruction rj hamilton new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
soil erosion and conservation . rpc morgan   
where croats are in the majority   minority students supposedly have the right to take classes in non iw mostar   
modulation of galactic cosmic rays and changes in the solar magnetic field g wibberenz   hv cane   ig richardson   tt von proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf      
robert b. potter and joan phillips p geographer   t geography geography   2005.0    
doubly distorted mirrors cu orji   ja solworth 1993.0  proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
effi cient implementation of a packet scheduling algorithm on high-speed programmable network x zhuang    
limiting factors analysis for salmonid fish stocks in the plum creek habitat conservation plan ( hcp ) report prepared by plum creek   seattle   washington   g watson   s toth   
release 8 ed.   pt . 11 iset manuals ise integrated systems engineering ag   zurich   switzerland      
stahl.   g. : on the accuracy of var estimates based on the variance-covariance approach r dave working paper   olsen and associates   zurich      
nephropathy in hiv-transgenic mice jb kopp   pe ray   sh adler   la bruggeman contributions to nephrology   1994.0 
functional morphology of the mouthparts of varroa jacobsoni and tropilaelaps clareae as a basis for da griffiths see ref      
program slices as an abstraction for cohesion measurement lm ott   jm bieman   
status of the vlt nasmyth adaptive optics system ( naos ) proc . spie    
lactoferrin : goat cdna characterization and assignment of the relevant locus to bovine u12 synteny f le provost   m nocart   g gu6rin   p martin  1994.0 
increasing immunizations among latino and african-american preschool children in los angeles d wood   c sherbourne  immunization demonstration project   cedar-sinai medical & hellip ;    
maverick intranets a challenge for it c sliva computerworld      
the data flow programming language cajole-an informal introduction cl hankin   hw glaser   
second-order semantic web t margaria   b steffen   
applications of symbolic execution to program testing ja darringer   jc king ieee computer      
learning about climate sensitivity from the instrumental near-surface temperature record d kelly   c kolstad   m schlesinger   n andronova & hellip ; . santa barbara   ca : university of california   santa barbara     2000.0 
government conf.   washington   dc e syst ieee    
board control   remuneration committees   and top management compensation the academy of management journal   mj conyon   si peck  1998.0 
intraspecific plasticity in the social system and mating behaviour of a lek-breeding cichlid fish a rossiter   s yamagishi see ref    
live : what a concept ! ... networked games c crawford acm press siggraph series     1998.0 
algorithms for special cases of rectilinear steiner trees : i. points on the boundary of a 1986.0 pk agarwal   m shing   
what 's in a name ? reputation building and corporate strategy c fombrun   m shanley the academy of management journal   1990.0 
database graph views : a practical model to manage persistent graphs a gutierrez   p pucheral   h steffen   jm thevenin 1994.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
a source of durability bias in affective forecasting journal of personality and social psychology   2000.0 td wilson   t wheatley   jm meyers   dt gilbert   d   
towards real-time body pose estimation for presenters in meeting environments submitted for publication   2004.0 r poppe   d heylen   a nijholt   m poel   
continued fractions with three limit points ge andrews   bc berndt   j sohn   aj yee   a zaharescu  submitted for  
ppargamma ligands increase expression and plasma concentrations of adiponectin   an adipose-derived n maeda   m takahashi   t funahashi   s kihara   h diabetes-new york -   2001.0    
broadcast anti-jamming systems y desmedt   r safavi-naini   h wang   lm batten   c computer networks   2001.0 
margin and sensitivity methods for security analysis of electric power systems s greene   1998.0 
interactive manipulation of replay speed while listening to speech recordings proceedings of acm multimedia 2004   w hã 1/4 rst   t lauer   g gã ¶ tz  2004.0 
compact b-trees al rosenberg   l snyder proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
toward a behavioral theory of charismatic leadership in organizational settings the academy of management review   ja conger   rn kanungo  1987.0 
the space overhead of customization s dieckmann   
time - and space-optimality in b-trees al rosenberg   l snyder 1981.0  acm transactions on database systems    
â ?? honey   i shrunk the databaseâ ?? : footprint   mobility   and beyond proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1999.0 p seshadri   
trace elements in high purity copper by zeeman graphite furnace aas at . spectrosc.   e sentimenti   g mazzetto  1986.0 
immunohistochemical localization of igf-i in the adult rat ha hansson   a nilsson   j isgaard   h billig   o  1987.0 
openping : a reflective middleware for the construction of adaptive networked game applications p okanda   g blair proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ;     2004.0 
smith predictor and self-tuning control of muscle relaxant drug administration da linkens   m menad   aj asbury    
on pareto and salukwadze optimization problems w kotarski applied mathematics and computer science   2000.0 
m. hauswirth a framework for semantic gossiping k aberer   p cudrã © - mauroux sigmod  
conceptual and empirical issues in the estimation of educational production functions ea hanushek the journal of human resources   1979.0 
justice   the market and climate change c hamilton  see low    
colbert : a language for reactive control in sapphira k konolige lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
on b-trees : routing schemes and concurrency ys kwong   d wood   
the use of adapters to support interoperability of components for reusability cc chiang  information & software technology   2003.0 
technical correspondence s design  acm transactions on database systems   1963.0 
multiple-dose activated charcoal : a review of relevant clinical studies s bradberry   j vale 1996.0  journal of emergency medicine    
irisnet : an architecture for compute-intensive wide-area sensor network services s nath   a deshpande   y ke   pb gibbons   b karp   s   
r.   and delghton   mo nf moody   gj maclusky electronic    
empirical data reference behaviour in database systems j rodriguez-rossel ieee computer    
collective knowledge : intranets   productivity   and the promise of the knowledge workplace 2002.0 r marcus   b watters   
on the way to the professoriate : the dissertation rg hamilton new directions for teaching and learning     1993.0 
play in cultural contexts = mang kultuurikontekstis . a saar   p hakkarainenâ ? ¦ 1998.0  & hellip ; university of social and educational sciences . proceedings    
national marine mammal laboratory   7600 sand point way ne rl delong seattle      
matching is as easy as matrix inversion k mulmuley   uv vazirani   vv vazirani proceedings of the nineteenth annual acm conference on & hellip ;   1987.0 
beyond pm 101 : lessons for managing large development programs 2000.0 ak graham project management journal    
braid : stream mining through group lag correlations y sakurai   s papadimitriou   c faloutsos  proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
andragogy after twenty-five years new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 dd pratt   
application of newtonâ ?? s identities to a generalized birthday problem and to the poisson binomial c stein technical report 354   dept. statistics   stanford university    
i. beigel   m. furst   and s. rudich : the expressive power of voting polynomials j aspnes proceedings of the 23rd annual acâ ?? m syrn-posium on theory & hellip ;      
ten commands of formal methods jp bowen   mg hinchey ieee computer      
concurrency control of nested transactions accessing b-trees proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1989.0 a fu   t kameda   
comparaison de smllr et de smap pour une adaptation au locuteur en utilisant des modã ¨ les f lauri   i illina   d fohr proceedings of the xxivã ¨ mes journã © es d &#39; etude sur la parole    
new models and algorithms for programmable networks d raz   y shavitt 2002.0  computer networks    
export strategies and performance of firms from emerging economies : evidence from brazil   chile   and ps aulakh   m kotabe   h teegen 2000.0  academy of management journal    
an object-oriented real-time framework and development environment t kuan   wb see   sj chen proc .    
working models of attachment : implications for explanation   emotion   and behavior nl collins 1996.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
a parallel index for semistructured data b cooper   n sample   m shadmon   
social   economic   and ethical implications of ambient intelligence and ubiquitous computing   j bohn   v coroama   m langheinrich   f mattern   m eth zurich   switzerland http://www . vs. inf . ethz . ch/publ / & hellip ;    
academic administrative internships . tm stauffer new directions for higher education   1978.0 
computers and intractability . a guide to the theory of np-completeness . freeman mr garey   ds johnson new york      
standards in social studies : curriculum concerns . lm handley   s adler social studies and the young learner   1994.0    
to err is human   to forgive   design procs 25th annual conference of the american society of & hellip ;   a chapanis   
french government activity in the conservation of data and electronic documents s novaretti proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
the slow evolution of electronic publishing am odlyzko   
splendor and colour/by suzanne held and louis frederic si held  bombay : india books    
parameters used by the mgc to configure the event   and found in the eventsdescriptor see ed parameters   
inverse problems in quantum scattering theory 1977.0 k chadan   pc sabatier   
two-loop self-tuning cascade control pj gawthrop   
tailoring the recommendation of tourist information to heterogeneous user groups l ardissono   a goy   g petrone   m segnan   p torasso  lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
acquiring self-knowledge : the search for feedback that fits wb swann   sj read journal of personality and social psychology    
it ( 1978 ) : â `` residential mobilityâ ''   progressin human j short    
rdb/vms support for multi-media databases   ( foils only ) tk rengarajan  proc acm sigmod conf   san diego   may    
regulation of cytokines and acute phase proteins following tnf-alpha blockade in rheumatoid p charles   mj elliott   d davis   a potter   j kalden   
ap 4 a and other dinucleoside polyphosphates ag mclennan   1992.0 
multicoloured hamilton cycles and perfect matchings in pseudo-random graphs d kuhn   d osthus    
practical suffix tree construction s tata   ra hankins   jm patel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2004.0 
redbd : the database research community in spain sigmod record   a illarramendi   e marcos   c costilla  2005.0 
sublethal effects of west point treatment plant effluent on coho salmon proceedings of the northwest fish culture conference 25 th & hellip ;   1974.0 ja buckley   cm whitmore   
ambient temperature influence on catalytic outletâ ?? inlet temperature difference pn botsaris   pd sparis proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2000.0 
previews and overviews in digital libraries : designing surrogates to support visual information s greene   g marchionini   c plaisant   b shneiderman   
ef   â ?? extending the relational model to capture more meaningâ ?? acm transactions on database c coddw   
shock waves and entropy pd lax contributions to nonlinear functional analysis      
calculation of the flow of a viscous compressible fluid around an obstacle of parabolic shape & hellip ; . into english from proceedings of 3 d intern . conf . on & hellip ;   1975.0 r peyret   h viviand   
network models with delays and fixed points g pecelli   bg kim 1999.0    
squeal : a structured query language for the web e spertus   la stein www9 / computer networks   2000.0    
a random perturbation method for ic yield optimization with deterministic process parameters ma styblinski   lj opalski  proc . int . symp . circuits  
efficient evaluation of right -   left -   and multi-linear rules proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1989.0 jf naughton   
eiha ?!? sigmod record   c biancheri   jc pazzaglia   g paddeu  2001.0 
market emergence   trust and reputation unpublished manuscript   1998.0 m fafchamps   
the university in service to state and local government . jt kenny  new directions for higher education   1988.0 
a survey and taxonomy of location systems for ubiquitous computing j hightower   g borriello    
a multi-disciplinary approach towards new mobile multimedia systems submitted for r prasad   fc schoute   r lagendijk   l ten horn   a   
everyone is talking about knowledge management i greif  proceedings of acm 1998 conference on computer supported & hellip ;    
no. 101â ?? 116   at 9 ( 1989 ) s rep    
new land settlement in the eastern low lands of colombia rl tinnermeier 1965.0    
effect of feeding on peripheral circadian rhythms and behaviour in mammals genes to cells   2004.0 h kobayashi   k oishi   s hanai   n ishida   
library-based learning in an information society . ps breivik 1986.0  new directions for higher education    
racial ambivalence and american value conflict : correlational and priming studies of dual cognitive journal of personality and social psychology   i katz   rg hass   
effects of honey solution on the urinary electrolytes and osmolality   urine volume and urinary total n al-waili   
gradient matrices and matrix calculations ma as651   fc schweppe technical report   mit lincoln laboratory   lexington      
the design and implementation of ingres m stonebraker acm transactions on database systems     1976.0 
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases p sundaresan   k baclawski   s englert   j gray   
ir evaluation methods for retrieving highly relevant documents portal.acm.org   
sol turbulence theory and simulations x xu contributions to plasma physics   1998.0    
use of software systems development methods an empirical study in brunei darussalam c gayâ ? ¦ 1998.0  information and software technology    
air synthetic force development e harvey   p feldmann  position paper   engineering demonstration    
the method of structured programming applied to the development of a compiler u ammann proc . acm int . comp . sym . davos      
t lymphocytes reactive for group a streptococcal antigens in chronic plaque psoriatic lesions archives of dermatological research   bs baker   d brown   w porter   c hardman   jj garioch  1999.0 
a fuzzy model of reputation in multi-agent systems j carbo   jm molina   j davila procs . of the 5 thint . conf . on autonomous agents ( montreal    
schkolnick   â ?? buffermanagementinrelationaldatabasesystems   â ?? g msacoandm  acm transactions on database systems    
interactive muves in the dive system o hagsand ieee computer    
toxgene : an extensible template-based data generator for xml . d barbosa   ao mendelzon   j keenleyside   ka lyons    
taking student government seriously . social studies and the young learner   1999.0 jr bolen   
carr r1 : a substrate amplification system for enzyme-linked immunoassays . 11 j verrier jones   m mansour   h james   d sadi demonstration of its applicability for measuring anti-dna & hellip ;    
image-based modeling and rendering with geometric proxy proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 amk siu   rwh lau   
convergence of a neural network classier js baras   a la vigna proc . 29th ieee conf . on decision and  
a convexity property of eigenvalues with applications w becker   c kenig   j pipher  submitted for  
stabilization of path-following interior point methods for linear programming vv kovacevic-vujcic proceedings of ix conference on applied mathematics   d. & hellip ;    
stochastic continuum presentation of fractured rock permeability as an alternative to rev and proc . 28th us symposium on rock mechanics   brookfield   vt   sp neuman   
proxy prex caching for multimedia streams s subhabrata   j rexford   d towsley  cmpsci technical report 98-27   university of massachusetts    
system capacity with transmit diversity techniques in geran . f kronestad   k zangi   d hui   m eriksson   c ieee vehic . tech . conf . vtc2001   athens   greece   spring    
the mathematical pamphlets of charles lutwidge dodgson and related pieces   edited by ff abeles   md   cl dodgson   
leadersâ ?? opinions of elements in establishing a high-performing   people-centered culture 2001.0 kl davis   
a fast signature scheme based on quadratic equations h ong   cp schnorr   a shamir proc . 16th acm symp . theory of computing    
response to nc rowe 's review b shneiderman  acm sigmod record   1982.0 
what 's ahead for embedded software ? ea lee    
general systems theory-the skeleton of science management science   ke boulding  1956.0 
national cancer institute-sponsored working group guidelines for chronic lymphocytic leukemia : bd cheson blood-new york -     1996.0 
accuracy analysis of the semi-analytical method for shape sensitivity b barthelemy   rt haftka proc . aiaa/asme/asce / asc 29th structures   structural & hellip ;    
sociocultural contexts of learning among adults with disabilities jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
supersaturation for ramsey-turan problems d mubayi   v rodl   
xcerpt and visxcerpt : from pattern-based to visual querying of xml and semistructured data f bry   s berger   s schaffert proceedings of the 29 thintl . conference on very large & hellip ;      
efi working paper no17   joensuu finland fpt flows   
induction motor fault detection via passive current monitoring gb kliman   j stein proc . int . conf . electric machines      
surface plasmons on smooth and rough surfaces and on gratings h raether  1988.0 
irisnet : an architecture for internet-scale sensing services s nath   a deshpande   y ke   pb gibbons   b karp   s  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
from registered nurse to registered nanny : discursive geographies of filipina domestic workers in economic geography   g pratt  1999.0 
using session initiation protocol to build context-aware voip support for multiplayer networked proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ;   a singh   a acharya  2004.0 
genetic variation in tropical meloidogyne species see re   m fargette   vc blok   ms phillips   dl trudgill   
on some metrics for databases or what is a very large database ? r gerritsen   h morgan   m zisman acm sigmod record   1977.0    
situating conversations within the language/action perspective : the milan conversation model g de michelis   ma grasso proceedings of acm conference on computer supported    
a technology independent block extraction algorithm f luellau   t hoepken   e barke    
singhv ( 1997 ) a one-pass algorithm accurately estimating quantiles for disk-resident data k alsabti   s ranka  proceedings of the 23rd conference on very large databases   & hellip ;    
an invitation to formal methods : impediments to industrial use of formal methods dl parnas ieee computer    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?query by image and video content : the qbic systemã cents â ? ¬ â ? m flickner   h sawhney   w niblack   j ashley   q  ieee computer    
game state and event distribution using proxy technology and application layer multicast proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   kh vik  2005.0 
the federal face of voting : are elected officials held accountable for the functions relevant to k arceneaux  unpublished manuscript   2004.0 
implementation of marker-assisted selection in french dairy cattle electronic communication   d boichard   s fritz   mn rossignol   my boscher   a   
the new deal and youth : the civilian conservation corps   the national youth administration   and the gp rawick 1957.0    
an evaluation of buffer replacement strategies for relational database systems h chou   d dewitt  proc . llth international conf . on vldb    
three-dimensional boundary singular elements for electrostatic analysis et ong   kh lee   km lim   
social utility and decision making in interpersonal contexts gf loewenstein   l thompson   mh bazerman  journal of personality and social psychology   1989.0 
analyzing and modeling encryption overhead for sensor network nodes proceedings of the 2nd acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 p ganesan   r venugopalan   p peddabachagari   a dean   
semiconducting organic thin films as monitoring devices for no 2 air pollution ( abstract only ) 1991.0 a heilmann   v lantto oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
digital legislature electronic government   s peterson   
the architecture of democratic government : the discovery of the adapted city hg frederickson unpublished manuscript    
pitfalls in ecto-5â ? ² - nucleotidase enzyme cytochemistry as demonstrated by the immunogold-labelling the histochemical journal   em cramer   z werb   df bainton  1988.0 
a new technique for the rapid removal of tracheal mites from honey bees for biological studies and aw smith   gr needham  see ref    
applying formal methods to semantic-based decomposition of transactions 1997.0 p ammann   s jajodia   i ray acm transactions on database systems    
â ?? nail   patrick e. oâ ?? neil   and gerhard weikum   the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database jo elizabeth proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l  
the query by image content system j ashley   m flickner   j hafner   d lee   w niblack   proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference  
to appear in the proceedings of the astrophysics of gravitational wave sources   college park k gultekin   mc miller   dp hamilton md    
spectral theory for non-quasianalytic representations of locally compact abelian groups   '' monograph sz huang    
tumours of the jaws in the eastern cape . t perl 1969.0  proc int acad oral pathol    
intravenous immunoglobulins for multiple sclerosis cochrane database syst rev   o gray   gv mcdonnell   rb forbes  2003.0 
r 1976 compton scattering with 412 kev y-radiation m cooper   p pattison   jr schneider  phil . mag    
perturbation analysis of optimization problems jf bonnans   a shapiro   2000.0 
semantic query optlmlzatlon in expert systems and database systems   eds 3984   326-341 epstein r   us chakravarthy   dh flshman   j mlnker  proc acm sigmod conference   austin   pp    
the design and implcmentahon of ingres acm tods   m stonebraker   e wong   p krcps   
analysis of the performance of subcarrier multiplexed ( scm ) optical systems computer networks   s betti   e bravi   m giaconi  2000.0 
improving pointer-based codes through cache-conscious data placement t chilimbi   j larus   m hill submitted for publication    
some info that may be helpful in mfipâ ?? afdc assistance category changes in swim . internal memo . new york : manpower demonstration research & hellip ;   g hamilton   
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotation in 1994.0 cl mcarthur   j gorchynski   c rooke   g hamilton journal of emergency medicine    
social dominance orientation : a personality variable relevant to social roles and intergroup f pratto   j sidanius   lm stallworth   bf malle journal of personality and social psychology    
the at-your-service asp b grames pc  
spinat : spi multiplexed nat for secure and efficient mobility unpublished j ylitalo   p nikander   
the prevalence of affective and other disorders among older adolescents submitted for publication   pm lewinsohn   h hops   re roberts   jr seeley   
m.   hamilton   d.   l. & sorrentino   r.   m. 1989 . uncertainty orientation and recall of person - d driscoll & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa  
becoming critically reflective through action reflection learning tm . new directions for adult and continuing education   joâ ?? neil   vj marsick  1994.0 
life science research and data managementâ ?? what can they give each other ? sigmod record   2004.0 a gupta   
nonparametric extreme regression quantiles unpublished manuscript   v chernozhukov   
getting around the task-artifact cycle : how to make claims and design by scenario jm carroll   mb rosson 1992.0  acm transactions on information systems ( tois )    
energy extremals and nonlinear stability in an energy-relative enstrophy theory of the bve on a cc lim  submitted for publication    
procps monitoring tools 1998.0 f strauss   o wellnitz   
the comparisons of appearance management   body satisfaction and buying behaviors between asian t nutthawutthisit 2003.0    
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : tg janz   gc hamilton   ma eilers   m wagner   m  journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 
devise : integrated querying and visual exploration of large datasets r ramkrishnan   m livny  proc . sigmod    
parallel programmingwith polaris w blume   r doallo   r eigenmann   j grout   j ieee computer    
pirates ! using the physical world as a game board s bjã ¶ rk   j falk   r hansson   p ljungstrand proceedings of interact      
langevin 's theory of ionic mobility hr hassã © phil . mag    
a self-tuning microprogrammed computer ka el-ayat   
extending ingres with methods and triggers f carter   
spiritual dimensions of informal learning lm english new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
problems in the estimation of growth parameters for the spiny lobster panulirus argus in the & hellip ; ii world fisheries congress ( athens   greece   05-08/05 / 1992 ) & hellip ;   j gonzã ¡ les-cano   cas rocha   
the miro dbms m stonebraker    
switchlets and dynamic virtual atm networks proccedingâ ?? s imâ ?? 97 je van der merwe   i leslie  san diego    
vertical and horizontal percentage aggregations c ordonez proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0    
on the road to mobile databases . web address ( http://www . pcmag . com/article2/0   4149   4180   00 . asp p magazine pc magazine    
an empirical comparison of b-trees   compact b-trees and multiway trees 1984.0 dm arnow acm sigmod record    
surface modified liposomes by coating with charged hydrophilic molecules ml sagrista   m mora   ma de madariaga  cellular and molecular biology  
professional nursing council empowers staff nurses to solve clinical problems and increases rn journal of emergency nursing   d seguin  2003.0 
the manual of learning styles   3 rdedition   1992 p honey   a mumford   
in vitro culture in forage grass improvement proc 28th grass breeders work planning conf ( in press )   bv conger   dj gray   
the ecrc multi database system w jonker   h schã 1/4 tz 1995.0  proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
are we measuring what we want to measure ? an analysis of individual consistency in survey response s bignami  submitted for publication    
problem-based learning in leadership education em bridges   p hallinger 1996.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
adjoint sensitivity for differential-algebraic equations : part i   the adjoint dae ayatem y cao   s li   l petzold   r serban manuscript   univ. of california   santa barbara    
thermal and petrologic structure of subduction zones sm peacock subduction : top to bottom     1996.0 
functional morphology of the forelimb joints in the wooly monkey lagothrix lagothricha 1978.0 lk ziemer contributions to primatology    
exploiting underlying structure for detailed reconstruction of an internet-scale event a kumar   v paxson   n weaver    
consortium   x window system   version 11   release 5 x mit 1990.0    
on system designs for distributed   extensible framework for network monitoring and control h li   s yang   js baras & hellip ; to ifip/ieee international conference on management of & hellip ;      
geominer : a system prototype for spatial data mining 1997.0 j han   k koperski   n stefanovic sigmod conference    
a survey of research and develoment in distributed database systems jb rothnie   n goodman  proc . 3rd int . conf very large databases   oct    
characterization of the mouse prostaglandin f receptor gene : a transgenic mouse study of a genes to cells   k hasumoto   y sugimoto   m gotoh   e segi   a  1997.0 
pancultural aspects of the human conceptual organization of emotions journal of personality and social psychology   ja russell   
paup p : phylogenetic analysis using parsimony and other methods   sinauer   sunderland dl swofford md    
a reservation protocol for broadcast wdm networks and stability analysis v sivaraman   gn rouskas 2000.0  computer networks    
pole-assignment self-tuning control of blood pressure in postoperative patients : a simulation study ne mansour   da linkens 1989.0  & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;    
filament organization and dense bodies in vertebrate smooth muscle av somlyo   ft ashton   lf lemanski   j vallieres   ap  see ref    
snakes and sandwiches : optimal clustering strategies or a warehouse hv jagadish   lv lakshmanan   d srivastava  proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod conference   philadelphia    
complex systems models for strategic decision making mh lyons   i adjali   d collings   ko jensen  bt technology journal   2003.0 
aggressive ; recruiters are desperate for the it pros who are working   not looking computerworld   d shand   
model reduction of continuous-time systems using a modified routh approximation method cs hsieh   c hwang & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1989.0    
on certain curious motions observable at the surfaces of wine and other alcoholic liquors j thomson phil . mag      
bimatrix equilibrium points and mathematical programming management science   1965.0 ce lemke   
a template-based data generator for xml proceedings of the fifth international workshop on the web & hellip ;   d barbosa   a mendelzon   j keenleyside   ktx lyons   
partner selection in emerging and developed market contexts : resource-based and organizational ma hitt   mt dacin   e levitas   jl arregle   a borza   
a high-level interactive language for numerical computations jw eaton   gnuo manual   
training evaluators of social experiments and social programs 1980.0 jh lewis new directions for program evaluation    
irrational reactions to negative outcomes : evidence for two conceptual systems s epstein   a lipson   c holstein   e huh journal of personality and social psychology     1992.0 
venture leader for mobility and wireless systems 2003.0 p smyth bt technology journal    
final report on the saturation work initiative model in san diego g hamilton   d friedlander 1989.0    
microsoft iis   com + and asp j jam  pc magazine   may    
at home in the universe s kauffman   
caregiver support for postpartum depression kl ray   ed hodnett cochrane database syst rev     2001.0 
exploring the design space for notification servers proceedings of acm r devina   d alan   
the adapt system : a generalized approach towards data conversion mj bach   nf coguen   mw kaplan very large data bases   1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ;   1979.0 
bromocriptine reverses the elevation in intracranial self-stimulation thresholds observed in a rat a markou   gf koob 1992.0  neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -    
semirigidity problems invalued logic proc . 29th international symp . on multiple-valued m miyakawa   
attribution of responsibility to the self and other in children and adults fd fincham   jm jaspars  journal of personality and social psychology    
financial self-assessment . n dickmeyer   ks hughes new directions for higher education   1982.0 
random oracles are practical computer and communications security : proceedings of acm ccs   m bellare   p rogaway   
nmos flip-flop sensors : a multipurpose digital-output sensor technique pj french   w lian   s middelhoek    
research and productsâ ?? are they relevant to each other ? ( panel session ) proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0 h edelstein   
absolute deviation as a measure of risk   '' r entriken   c yu technical report sol 95-5   sol   stanford university   stanford    
assessing the work environment for creativity tm amabile   r conti   h coon   j lazenby   m herron the academy of management journal   1996.0 
drawing a bead and taking the lead on wireless t may    
varkovitskaya   et al vi zatsepin   ea zamchalova   a ya proceedings of the 23rd international cosmic ray  
using information technology to create communities of learners k kruger  new directions for higher education   2000.0 
learning grammatical constructions in a miniature language from narrated video events pf dominey    
h.   lim wn soon  d. : a machine learning approach to coreference resolution of & hellip ;    
on-line processor scheduling for a class of iris ( increasing reward with increasing time ) real-time jk dey   j kurose   d towsley 1993.0    
wap ah johnson computerworld      
ashishik point : an economic analysis of a prehistoric aleutian community . 1972.0 gb denniston   
traumatic anterior lens dislocation : a case report-bilateral lenticular dislocation ke netland   j martinez   oj lacour   pa netland  journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
local dynamic modeling with self-organizing maps and applications to nonlinear system identification jc principe   l wang   ma motter proceedings-ieee   1998.0    
oestrogen supplementation   mainly diethylstilbestrol   for preventing miscarriages and other adverse aa bamigboye   j morris cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
133 der akademie fã 1/4 r technikfolgenabschã $ tzung ) a nr 1999.0    
the five-minute rule ten years later   and other computer storage rules of thumb g graefe   j gray    
offset problem and k-incremental predictors in self-tuning control dw clarke   ajf hodgson   ps tuffs iee proceedings d. control theory and applications   1983.0    
employers have no right to snoop through mail cl nelson computerworld      
head modeling from pictures and morphing in 3d with image metamorphosis based on triangulation ws lee   n magnenat-thalmann  lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
a self-tuning structure for adaption in tcp/aqm networks h zhang   c hollot   d towsley   v misra technical report   university of massachusetts amherst   ftp : / /    
a new perspective on rule support for object-oriented databases proceedings   international conference on management of ea cm941   l maugis   s chakravarthy   
peptidergic neurons and the control of neuroendocrine activity in the fresh water snail lymnaea proc int sym neurosec   ew roubos   hh boer   lpc schot   
largeâ ?? signal sâ ?? parameters help analyze stability electronic rj frost   
fauna graeciae i f willemse hellenic zoological society   athens   greece      
learning from the buildings around us ck ducolon social studies and the young learner   1999.0    
functional approach to mathematical model of naming information and software technology   1992.0 e younger   k bennett   
on the oscillations solutions of parabolic differential equations of neutral type sz lin   yh yu  1996.0 
using adaptive multi-agent systems to simulate economic models z guessoum   l rejeb   r durand   
nontraditional-aged women and the dissertation : a case study approach ks lenz new directions for higher education     1997.0 
not so different after all : a cross-discipline view of trust academy of management review   1998.0 dm rousseau   sb sitkin   rs burt   c camerer   
low elevation angle 11 ghz beacon measurements at goonhilly earth station . bt technology journal   dl bryant  1992.0 
naos : efficient and modular capabilities in an object-oriented database system 20 thint . conf . on vldb   c collet   t coupaye   t svensen   
synopsis diffusion for robust aggregation in sensor networks s nath   pb gibbons   s seshan   z anderson 2004.0  proceedings of vldb    
the quality of working life in japanese factories k koshiro see shirai    
do not zero-pute : an efficient homespun mpeg-audio layer ii decoding and optimization strategy p de smet   f rooms   w philips    
hemodynamic and other determinant in development of left ventricular hypertrophy ed frohlich 1983.0    
an information exploration environment sigmod report   25 ( 4 ) ca spotfire  1996.0 
government close-up : army tactics do n't compute j robertson electronic    
indoor and ambient air sampling and analysis plan for the old milltown mall p associates seattle   washington : prezant associates    
self-organizing data sharing communities with sagres : system demonstration proc . of sigmod   page   z ives   a levy   j madhavan   r pottinger   s saroiu     
information technology d lassner new directions for higher education     2000.0 
b. dom   and m. gorkani   '' query by image and video content : the qbic system   '' m flickner   h sawhney   w niblack   j ashley   q ieee computer    
two approaches to bringing internet services to wap devices e kaasinen   m aaltonen   j kolari   s melakoski   t www9 / computer networks   2000.0    
scheduling policies an on-demand server with in ad sitaram   p shahabuddin proceedings acm multimedia      
language from within : a handbook of teaching strategies for personal growth and self reflection in b galyean 1976.0    
mag . 46   17 ( 1955 ) [ cas ] ; jm freeman jm freeman phil . mag      
thermo-mechanical evolution of oceanic lithosphere : implications for the subduction process and deep s stein   ca stein subduction top to bottom   1996.0    
common-sense theory formation : towards understanding baseball & hellip ; of massachusetts coins technical report 75c-5   amherst   em soloway   em riseman   
working with parents of conduct-disordered children : a collaborative process & hellip ; manuscript   university of washington   seattle   washington   c webster-stratton   
theoretical studies of optical phenomena and related inverse problems of solar system bodies ( oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   m kaasalainen   s jamsa   k lumme   k muinonen   j  1991.0 
director in your pocket : holistic help for the hapless home videographer b adams   s venkatesh 2004.0  proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
spatial data mining : progress and challenges survey paper k koperski   j adhikary   j han    
synthetic pet imaging for grasping : from primate neurophysiology to human behavior ma arbib   ah fagg   st grafton submitted for publication     2000.0 
reynolds number effects on a turbulent boundary layer with separation   reattachment s song   jk eaton 2002.0    
mineset ( tm ) : a system for high-end data mining and visualization mkp inc int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb &#39; 96 )   bombay   india     1996.0 
conservation biology : lessons for conserving natural enemies see ref   dk letourneau   
sequenced inventory of communication development : test manual 1984.0 dl hedrick   em prather   ar tobin   
peterkreps   and geraldheld . thedesign and implementation of ingres ew michaelstonebraker acm transactions on database system      
self-management in chaotic wireless deployments a akella   g judd   s seshan   p steenkiste 2005.0  proceedings of acm mobicom    
prj stergrd   and r. aus dem spring   asymptotic behaviour of optimal circle packings in a square kj nurmela submitted for    
feedforward control of waves in lattice elements jh williams jr   ga norris   ss lee 1985.0    
the empowerment process : integrating theory and practice ja conger   rn kanungo  the academy of management review   1988.0 
chameleon : an extensible and customizable tool for web data translation r torlone   p atzeni  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
supporting service level agreements on ip networks   macmillan technical publishing d verma    
adult degrees and the learning society wh maehl  new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
performance measures for library networked services and resources r poll   
local knowledge : innovation in the networked age management learning   js brown   p duguid  2002.0 
reactive components for pseudo-resistive networks electronic letters   1997.0 e fragniere   a van schaik   e vittoz   
efficient updates to independent schemes in the weak instance model p atzeni   r torlone proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1990.0    
health   fertility   and socioeconomic status as predictors of survival and later health of women : a l duffy   j menken unpublished manuscript    
functional and dysfunctional impulsivity : personality and cognitive correlates journal of personality and social psychology   sj dickman  1990.0 
how to summarize the universe : dynamic maintenance of quantiles in intl a gilbert   y kotidis   s muthukrishnan   m strauss conf . on very large databases ( vldb )   hong kong   china   aug      
25 of all web spending goes for intranets s machlis    
pion-nucleon sigma-term and the strange quark content of the proton ( abstract only ) j gasser   h leutwyler   me sainio oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;     1991.0 
informal and incidental learning vj marsick   ke watkins  new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
e. galleani d'agliano   and r. julien proceedings of the conference on superconductivity in d and & hellip ;   b coqblin   
maintenance of multidimensional histograms s muthukrishnan   m strauss   
rpm : a rapid prototyping engine for multiprocessors l barroso   j jeong   k oner   k ramamurthy   m dubois  ieee computer    
vascular smooth muscle and neurohypophyseal hormones 1977.0 bm altura   bt altura fed proc    
an occurrence of cryptostigmatic mite around syowa station area proc . int . symp . antarct . rec   y ohyama   h sugawara   
bounded ignorance : a technique for increasing concurrency in a replicated system n krishnakumar   aj bernstein  acm transactions on database systems   1994.0 
evolution of symbolic grammar systems t hashimoto   t ikegami 1995.0  lecture notes in computer science    
tpc-ds   taking decision support benchmarking to the next level sigmod conference   2002.0 m poess   b smith   l kollar   p larson   
effect of enkephalins and morphine on insulin secretion from isolated rat islets diabetologia   ic green   d perrin   kc pedley   rdg leslie   da pyke  1980.0 
the functional data model and daplex acm transactions on database systems   dw shipman   
problems in the analysis of non-linear models by least squares 1964.0 da meeter   
an evaluation of different symbolic shallow parsing techniques procs of lrec-02   p blache   t van rullen   
xcerpt and visxcerpt : from pattern-based to visual querying of xml and semistructured data ( s berger   f bry   s schaffert   c wieser   
impact assessment on electronic publishing in the federal republic of germany : part one . electronic library   u riehm   b wingert   k boehle   i gabel-becker   m  1989.0 
support vector machines : theory and applications t evgeniou   m pontil    
the nesc language : a holistic approach to networked embedded systems d gay   p levis   r von behren   m welsh   e brewer   d   
nonlinear singular perturbation phenomena : theory and applications 1984.0 kw chang   fa howes   
airfoil design and data r eppler  1992.0 
typing of clinical and domestic animal strains of staphylococcus aureus by aflp am simoons-smit   phm savelkoul   tm starink   c  submitted for  
simple singularities and simple algebraic groups p slodowy   
neuroprotective effect of apolipoprotein e against ischemia k kitagawa   m matsumoto   m hori   t yanagihara annals-new york academy of sciences   2002.0 
cuba   communism   and computing gm mesher   ro briggs   se goodman   l press    
confronting value conflicts pg risser new directions for higher education   1996.0 
linear algebra and sets theory ( last ) - based formal modeling for is client-specification l gonzalez   c ruiz   
modified iteration method in the problem of large deflection of thin circular plates with non - icnm-i   y kai-yuan   w xin-zhi  1985.0 
optimizatimization of the treatment of malignant tumors as singin proceedings of the int . jubilee conf.â ?? 25 years of clinical  
histoqual : the development of a historic houses assessment scale tourism management   i frochot   h hughes  2000.0 
ashley . 1 . huang q. dom b   gorkani m   halner j   lee d   fetkovic d   steele d & yankerp ( 1995 ) query m fij flickner   h sawhney   w nibtack  ieee  
cosmic ray source and cosmic ray acceleration dc ellison  proc . 21st int . cosmic ray conf.   adelaide    
academic press inc san diego   r gilbert   
using wiss to enhance competitiveness communications-acm   al lederer   da mirchandani   k sims  1998.0 
comments on â ?? process synchronization in database systemsâ ?? pa bernstein   m casanova   n goodman acm transactions on database systems     1979.0 
r mere ` nyi   l stella acc . chem . res   hg viehe   z janousek   
a reservation protocol for broadcast wdm networks and stability analysis gn rouskas   v sivaraman computer networks      
a survey of clear-air propagation effects relevant to optical communications proc . ieee   rs lawrence   jw strohbehn   
como nã # o matar a criatividade tm amabile hsm management    
the ve-minute rule ten years later and other computer storage rules of thumb j gray   g graefe  sigmod record    
userâ ?? s guide for tn/tnbc : fortran routines for nonlinear optimization   report 397   mathematical sg nash  md    
adees   an open event-based infrastructure for distributed information systems g vargas-solar   c collet submitted to vldb   2001.0    
perturbation methods   bifurcation theory   and computer algebra rh rand   d armbruster 1987.0    
appraisal and goal processes as predictors of psychological well-being in bereaved caregivers 1997.0 n stein   s folkman   t trabasso   ta richards journal of personality and social psychology    
towards an efficient evaluation of general queries : quantifier and disjunction processing revisited f bry   
mod le de pr diction du â ?? deuxi me formant effectifâ ?? f2â ?? â ?? application ã lâ ?? tude de la m mantakas   jl schwartz   p escudier proceedings of the 15th journ es dâ ?? tude sur la parole      
rooted circuits of closed-set systems and the max-flow min-cut property of stem clutters of affine m hachimori   m nakamura submitted for publication    
synthetic molecules as antibody replacements pbs molecules acc . chem . res   2004.0    
the effects of rosiglitazone on insulin sensitivity   lipolysis   and hepatic and skeletal muscle ab mayerson   rs hundal   s dufour   v lebon   d  diabetes-new york -   2002.0 
rigid-rod molecules in biomembrane models : from hydrogen-bonded chains to synthetic multifunctional n sakai   j mareda   s matile  acc . chem . res   2005.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents in in-patient pediatrics journal of emergency medicine   ji singer   gc hamilton  1993.0 
direct pooling of sensitivity and specificity using bivariate models in meta-analysis of studies of jb reitsma   as glas   aws rutjes   r scholten   pmm    
search for gamma-ray events in the batse data base w lewin 1994.0    
exact observability of diagonal systems with a one-dimensional output operator b jacob   h zwart   
preventive health pamphlets in the emergency department 1998.0 p berger   m luskin   s krishel journal of emergency medicine    
database research at bellcore sigmod record   1990.0 t bowen   d deluca   g gopal   p krishnamurthy   k lee   
forbidden triples implying hamiltonicity : for all graphs discussiones mathematicae graph theory   rj faudree   rj gould   ms jacobson  2004.0 
fast and scalable handoffs for wireless internetworks c ramon   n venkata proc of acm  
tapping the right tools p fox computerworld    
theoretical problems of organic chemistry oa reutov  mgu   moskva  
experiments with fixed and adaptive herschel-quincke waveguides on the pratt and whitney jt15d jp smith   ra burdisso   v blacksburg   
the five-minute rule ten years later   and other computer storage rules of thumb / / sigmod record . 1997 j gray   g graefe   
perceived intragroup homogeneity in minority-majority contexts b simon   r brown journal of personality and social psychology      
towards a european modified business judgement rule for takeover law c kirchner   rw painter 2001.0  unpublished manuscript    
core elements of student motivation in problem-based learning mm mackinnon  new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
ambient intelligence e aartsâ ? ¦ 2004.0  lecture notes in computer science    
hidac camera design for positron emission tomography jc hand   
empty words and whiffs of hypocrisy : behavioral integrityâ ?? the fit between words and deeds as a t simons unpublished manuscript      
on newtonâ ?? s method for singular problems a griewank   mr osborne  submitted for  
entropy and information theory rm gray  1991.0 
a model for a data acquisition solution for a medium size accelerator laboratory ( abstract only ) a lampinen   k loberg   m lahtinen   j rauma oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0    
checking consistency of database constraints : a logical basis . 12th int f bry   r manthey vldb conf   kyoto   japan      
optimal and time-consistent fiscal policy with international mobility of capital : why does the us p klein   v quadrini   j rios-rull unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
