too much middleware m stonebraker sigmod record     2002.0 
unitary representations realized in l 2-sections of vector bundles over semi-simple symmetric spaces t kobayashi proc . of the 27-28th symp . of funct . anal . and real anal . (    
crypt breakerâ ?? s workbench users manual   '' rw baldwin mit laboratory for computer science ( october 1986 )   unpublished  
detection of change-points in nonparametric regression pl speckman unpublished manuscript   1994.0    
new chance : implementing a comprehensive program for teenage parents and their children j quint   b fink   s rowser 1991.0    
babel : a testbed for research in origins of language   1998 a mcintyre submitted for    
list of acronyms anxan exchange bt technology journal     2001.0 
participation 's effects on performance and satisfaction : a reconsideration of research evidence ja wagner iii the academy of management review     1994.0 
rainwater-harvesting agriculture for food production in arid zones : the challenge of the african applied geography   hj bruins   m evenari   u nessler   
personal communications ibm almaden research center   j mao   
safety of computer control systems 1992 ( safecomp ' 92 ) . computer systems in safety-critical hh frey proc . ifac symposium   zurich   switzerland      
link prediction approach to collaborative filtering z huang   x li   h chen   
querying imprecise data in moving object environments 2004.0 r cheng ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering    
correlation-dispersion method of measuring the output of a water-water power reactor ln bogachek   ka gazaryan   vv lyenkoâ ? ¦ at .    
arrangement of latches in scan-path design to improve delay fault coverage w mao   md ciletti proc . int . test conference   1990.0 
blink measurement by image processing and application to warning of driverâ ?? s drowsiness in t nakano   k sugiyama   m mizuno   s yamamoto  procs . ieee intelligent vehicles  
locational trends in r & d by large us corporations   1965-1977 1979.0 ej malecki economic geography    
nonvisual presentation of graphical user interfaces : contrasting two approaches ed mynatt   g weber    
multi-dimensional constrained gradient mining jmw lam  2001.0 
selenium as an antiviral agent ma beck  see ref    
monitoring of leakage in embankment dams through resistivity measurementsâ ?? a 2.5 d modelling study p sjã ¶ dahl   t dahlin   b zhou   s johansson procs . 8th eegs-meeting   aveiro   portugal    
full text pdf format pdf ( 244 kb ) source symposium on principles of database systems archive proceedings of the nineteenth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ;   2000.0 mj atallah   s prabhakar   
effects of an intervention programme for improved discharge-planning vard i norden   c haeggmark   b nilsson  1997.0 
improved query performance with variant indices proceedings of sigmod conference   poâ ?? neill   d quass   
interventions to help external cephalic version for breech presentation at term cochrane database syst rev   gj hofmeyr  2004.0 
comparing hierarchical data in external memory . university of maryland ss chawathe proceedings of the 25th vldb conference    
use of the weiss-weinstein bound to compare the direction-finding performance of sparse arrays df delong 1993.0    
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching a guttrnan  proceedings of the sigmod conference   boston   june    
facilitating collective musical creativity a tanaka   n tokui   a momeni    
linking learning   teaching   and development new directions for adult and continuing education   m fiddler   c marienau  1995.0 
computation of floating mode delay in logic circuits '' practice and implementation s devadas   k keutzer   s malik   a wang mit technical report   massachusetts institute of technology      
kriber-an interactive pascal program to calculate distances and angles   to generate input files for r bialek & hellip ; kristallografie und petrografie   eth zurich   switzerland (  
classification of the finite dimensional simple lie algebras in prime characteristic aa premet   h strade   
behavior of dielectric barrier discharges in nitrogen/oxygen mixtures r brandenburg   kv kozlov   am morozov   he wagner   p  proc . 26th int . conf . on phenomena in ionized gases ( icpig - & hellip ;    
a data model and query language to explore enhanced links and paths in life science sources g mihaila   f naumann   l raschid   me vidal   
the molecular portraits of breast tumors are conserved across microarray platforms z hu   c fan   js marron   x he   bf qaqish   g karaca     2005.0 
value and productivity in the internet economy a barua   ab whinston   f yin   
psychology-uw-milwaukee navigation banner n on-line 2005.0    
reconciling distance functions and level sets j gomes   o faugeras lecture notes in computer science     1999.0 
tuple routing strategies for distributed eddies f tian   dj dewitt vldb     2003.0 
ad 2003 . telegraphcq : continuous dataflow processing for an uncertain world s chandrasekaran   o cooperâ ? ¦ proc . of the conf . on innovative data systems research ( cidr  
fast software processing of motion jpeg video bc smith    
convergence-innovation and change of market structures between television and online services m dowling   c lechner   b thielmann   
secure online 3d human body database a ruto   b buxton   i mirkin   c goonatilake procs of scanning    
gillies ; ja ; moosmã 1/4 ller   h. ; rogers   cf ; dubois   dw ; derby   j jg watson   jc chow  effectiveness demonstration of fugitive dust control methods  
sources of solutes in precipitation and surface runoff of mixed-conifer and alpine catchments in the mr williams   1997.0 
variation of gait pattern in adult hemiplegia neurology india ( bombay )   m colaso   j joshi  1971.0 
efficient multicarrier realization of full-rate space-time orthogonal block coded systems b farhang-boroujeny   c schlegel submitted for  
positive and negative global self-esteem : a substantively meaningful distinction or artifactors ? hw marsh  journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
distance browsing in spatial databases 1999.0 gr hjaltason   h samet acm transactions on database systems    
on deviations from parabolic growth kinetics in high temperature oxidation g borchardt   g strehl   
application of hla based solutions for modeling and control of chemical plants a bouguezouli   s strassburger & hellip ; . 12 . symp . simulationstechnik asim98   zurich   switzerland    
c.   cockroft   al   and angus   j.   1949 sc curran   al cocroft phil . mag      
ion current fluctuations in artificial ion track pores-power spectrum and generalized entropy cellular and molecular biology letters   1999.0 a wolf   z siwy   ye korchev   n reber   r spohr   
real-time resource tracking system for semiconductor industry ieeexplore.ieee.org    
an aristotelian understanding of object-oriented programming d rayside   
report on the 5th international workshop on knowledge representation meets databases ( krdbâ ?? 98 ) a borgida 1998.0  sigmod record    
scanning tunneling microscopy of polysialic acid ( abstract only ) l haikkila   jps aalto   lj pelliniemi   r laiho   j  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
eigenstructure assignment in descriptor linear systems by output feedback gr duan  iee proceedings part d : control theory and applications    
converging on ooad agreement v ohnjec 1997.0  application development trends    
formal methods are a surrogate for a more serious software concern r glass  ieee computer    
the yin and yang of progress in social psychology : seven koan wj mcguire journal of personality and social psychology     1973.0 
when choice is demotivating : can one desire too much of a good thing ? ss iyengar   mr lepper journal of personality and social psychology   2000.0    
marketers report high roi with paid listings d cotriss   
obstacle detection using a deformable model of vehicles s denasi   g quaglia procs . ieee intelligent vehicles symposium  
pricing patterns in the online cd market : an empirical study electronic markets   ff tang  2001.0 
evaluation of probabilistic queries over imprecise data in constantly-evolving environments r cheng   dv kalashnikov   s prabhakar    
a protection relay for generator stator windings x yin   p crossley proc . 29th univ. power eng .  
overcoming the challenges in deploying user provisioning/identity access management backbone m becker   m drew bt technology journal     2005.0 
analyzing the max 2-sat and max di-cut approximation algorithms of feige and goemans u zwick 2000.0  submitted for publication    
resistance of citrus plants to bacterial canker disease m koizumi proc . int . soc . citriculture      
wp   moljk   a.   and scobie   j.   1956 phil . mag   rwp drever   
ida : an intelligent data access program d sagalowicz vldb      
power in your pocket a hickman  pc magazine online    
real-time transaction scheduling : a cost conscious approach d hong   t johnson   s chakravarthy   
zonisamide add-on for drugresistant partial epilepsy dw chadwick   ag marson cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
neonatal jaundice and erythrocyte acid phosphatase phenotype e bottini   r scacchi   f gloria-bottini   j mortera    lancet i    
adding relevance to xml . a theobald   g weikum webdb ( informal proceedings )   2000.0    
measuring organizational is effectiveness : an overview and update of senior management perspectives 2002.0 pb seddon   v graeser   lp willcocks acm sigmis database    
are a voluntary organisation with local schemes throughout the uk   which provide support   friendship uk homestart contact    
cyclosporin as an oral corticosteroid sparing agent in stable asthma cochrane database syst . rev   2001.0 dj evans   p cullinan   dm geddes   
neill and g. graefe . multi-table joins through bitmapped join indexes p oã cents sigmod record    
linking school and work for disadvantaged youths : the yiepp demonstration : final implementation 1982.0 wa diaz   
succinct descriptions of regular languages with binaryâ ?? - nfas l van zijl   
linking community resources to family survival strategies r shaffer   1996.0 
some studies on fluid structure interaction problems rk singh   a kakodkar   t kant 1988.0    
applications of a web query language go arocena   ao mendelzon   ga mihaila www6 / computer networks     1997.0 
adaptive locking strategies in a multi-node data sharing model environment a joshi proc . very large databases conf . ( sept. 1991 ) barcelona      
language and freedom n chomsky abraxas   i      
graduate degree programs and distance education 1995.0 cd swenson new directions for adult and continuing education    
e. coquet   and e. lantz   '' pt dinda   t sylvestre   s wabnitz   h maillotte demonstration of stimulated raman scattering suppression in  
time bounds for real-time process control in the presence of timing uncertainty . technical memo mit / h attiya   n lynch   1989.0 
j. wilkes an introduction to disk drive modeling c ruemmler ieee computer    
empirical evaluation of reuse sensitiveness of complexity metrics 1999.0 m oshige   n aoyagi   pv harris   kc burtis   k information and software technology    
facets of babylonia : interpretations of the development of the welfare state in greece social policy in greece : challenges and prospects   athens : & hellip ;   d sotiropoulos   
artemisinin derivatives for treating severe malaria hm mcintosh   p olliaro cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
refined fan-in reduction algorithm submitted for v beiu   ja peperstraete   r lauwereins   
non linear-linear approximation of reflectance functions epf lafortune   sc foo   ke torrance   dp greenberg  proc . of acm siggraph    
nonlinear spline approximation of functions of several variables and b-spaces y brudnyi   i irodova algebra i analiz    
on the selection of indices for a file . rep. rj1341   ibm   san jose   cabf.   jan. 1974 wf king acm transactions on database  
orthogonal frequency division multiplexing for wireless network ida li anibal university of california santa barbara      
on the manner in which cotton unites with colouring matter phil mag   w crum   
accelerating object-oriented simulation via automatic program specialization . department of d weise   s seligman stanford university   technical report csl-tr-92-519   april    
understanding multicultural perspectives : a project approach . f miller  social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
a token-ring medium-access-control with quality of service guarantees for wireless ad-hoc networks d lee   r attias   a puri   r sengupta   s tripakis   p proceedings of acm  
concise descriptions of subsets of structured sets k pu   ao mendelzon acm transactions on database systems   2005.0    
adsp oâ ?? neil . the dangers of replication and a solution jn gray   p helland  proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
fast computation of sparse datacubes [ c ] ka ross   d strivastava proc of the 23a vldb conf   athens   green    
odeview : the graphical interface to ode sigmod record   r agmwal   nh gehani   j srinivasan   
inverter-fed multiphase reluctance machines with reduced armature reaction and improved power r mayer   h mosebach   u schrã ¶ der   h weh proc . int . conf . electrical machines      
an introduction to spatial database systems spatial database systems of the vldb journal   rh gtlting   
library cooperation nr wylie   tl yeager 1999.0  new directions for higher education    
poetry 1962 : a partial view 1963.0 sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
digital photo browsing with souvenirs e van den hoven   b eggen    
ellicott city w protection  md    
searching in metric spaces with user-defined and approximate distances acm transactions on database systems   2002.0 p ciaccia   m patella   
after hurs : web excursions ' j triverio  pc magazine    
mining access patterns efficiently from web logs j pei   j han   b mortazavi-asl   h zhu lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
poly3dgui   a new graphical interface for industrial use : architecture and functionality f maerten   l maerten d. pollard & a. aydin   eds.   proceedings of the stanford & hellip ;    
intelligent systems volume-1 : knowledge representation   social and psychological impact of pam gelepithis  2001.0 
12th intern . zeolite conf.   baltimore p wagner   si zones   rc medrud   me davis md    
infrared extinction and standardization ef milone proceedings of two sessions of iau commissions 25 and 9 held & hellip ;     1989.0 
foucault and architecture p hirst see ref    
shifts and twists in the relative productivity of skilled labor : reconciling accelerated sbtc with a dupuy   p marey unpublished manuscript      
chip-secured data access : reconciling access rights with data encryption proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 l bouganim   fd ngoc   p pucheral   l wu   
cy andh . v. jagadish . schema-free xquery proc . of vldb   y li   
benchmarking spatial join operations with spatial output eg hoel   h samet proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0    
continuously adaptive query processing r avnur   jmh eddies  2000.0 
intussusception following a baby walker injury gp conners   ce weber   rw emmens journal of emergency medicine     1999.0 
imprecise computations jws liu   wk shih   kj lin   r bettati proceedings-ieee     1994.0 
picodbms : validation and experience ' . 27th int conf . on very large data bases   n anciaux   c bobineau   l bouganim   p pucheral   p   
report on the first ieee international workshop on networking meets databases ( netdbâ ?? 05 ) c shahabi   r govindan   k aberer sigmod record     2005.0 
diluting acid . 1999.0 t kempster   c stirling   p thanisch sigmod record    
creating business value through information technology : the effects of chief information officer and cp armstrong   v sambamurthy   
impossible geographies of belonging . ' proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 p gemeinboeck   
antibiotics for leptospirosis f guidugli   aa castro   an atallah cochrane database syst rev    
arvind . specification of memory models and design of provably correct cache coherence protocols . csg x shen   1998.0 
a simple model for parallel processing h flatt ieee computer    
query processing in sensor networks j gehrke   s madden   
software cultures communications-acm   h tellioglu   i wagner  1999.0 
report on the 24th european colloquium on information retrieval research ( ecir 2002 ) f crestani   m girolami   k van rijsbergen   
project management : old it hand plays a new tune c frye application development trends   2002.0    
linking teacher education and liberal learning . r wisniewski new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0    
separating stages in the continuation-passing transform . in the acm sigplan-sigact symposium on j lawall   o danvy  1993.0 
super-selective arteriography of the external carotid artery r djindjian   jj merland    
control system design using graphical decomposition techniques fj evans   c schizas   j chan iee proceedings   part d - control theory and applications   1981.0 
reasoning about xml schema languages using formal theory d lee   m mani   m murata technical report   ibm almaden research center   rj # 10197   log #    
refined equation for analyzing the separation of a binary mixture of isotopes in a gas centrifuge by vi tokmantsev  at .  
efficiently dispatching to run-time specialized code submitted for b grant   c chambers   sj eggers   
improved query performance with variant indexes   acm sigmod intl p ã?neill   d quass conf . on management of data   tucson    
eas-e : an integrated approach to application development a malhotra   hm markowitz   dp pazel acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
vodak open nested transactions-visualizing database internals p muth   tc rakow   
when to prototype : decision variables in industry bc hardgrave information and software technology    
scenario-based techniques for the elaboration and the validation of formal requirements e dubois   p heymans   
a pcs hand-off model and its application yb lin   lf chang   ar noerpel submitted for publication    
recent physics results from delphi ( abstract only ) r keranen  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
appendix c : list of attendees tj bergin   rg gibson history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
not   e. : generating multilingual personalized descriptions of museum exhibitsâ ?? the m-piro project i androutsopoulos   v kokkinaki   a dimitromanolaki   proc . 29th conference on computer applications and & hellip ;    
theoretical explanation for the output spectra of unlocked driven oscillators proc . ieee   hl stover   
raman 1985 : da beckley   mw evans   and vk raman   multikey retrieval from kd-trees and quad-trees e beckley  proc . acm sigmod  
home bookmarks publications fis181 fis183 software statistics j. physique jj arenzon   m nicodemi   m sellitto   da stariolo   y   
â ?? chemical analysis by spectrum observations crw bunsen   gr kirchhoff phil .  
approximation of functions of several variables and imbedding theorems sm nikol ` skii 1975.0    
chest physiotherapy compared to no chest physiotherapy for cystic fibrosis 2000.0 c van der schans   a prasad   e main cochrane database syst rev    
the unknown hatching agent for the potato-root eelworm gj janzen   f van der tuin nematologica i    
an abstract introduction to the temporal-hierarchic data model u schiel proc . of the intâ ?? l conf . on vldb      
two variable orthogonal polynomials and structured matrices am delgado   js geronimo   p iliev   f marcellan   
. chronic rejection : pathogenesis and treatment . hm lee 1996.0    
the mid-cheshire salt industry k walwork geography    
configuring sessions in programmable networks s choi   j turner   t wolf  computer networks   2003.0 
automatic induction of rules for e-mail classification . um2001 : 8th int . conf . on user modeling & hellip ; on user modeling   machine learning and information retrieval   j kay   e mccreath   
towards effective software abstractions for application engineering procs . nasa focus on reuse workshop   sept   r girardi   
reuse strategies in software development : an empirical study 2001.0 a pohthong   d budgen information & software technology    
uniform object modeling methodology and reuse of real-time system using uml bm duc  proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
efficient group signature schemes for large groups j camenisch   m stadler lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
db2 query parallelâ ?? ism : staging and implement at ion y wang   
workflow management with service quality guarantees m gillmann   
avatar motion control by user body postures 2003.0 s yonemoto   h nakano   r taniguchi proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;    
incremental distance join algorithms for spatial databases proc . of the acm sigmod grhh samet   
design of an intelligent interface for software planning information and software technology   1987.0 md brouwer-janse   m grunes   
the analysis of magnetohydrodynamics and plasma dynamics in metals processing operations & hellip ; in metal processing   proceedings   25 th sagamore army & hellip ;   cw chang   j szekely   tw eagar  1978.0 
a unified approach for analyzing persistent   non-persistent and onâ ?? off tcp sessions in the a gupta   v sharma    
an input/output primitive for object-oriented systems . 1988.0 ms powell information and software technology    
requirements for b-isdn signallingâ ?? broadband services 1998.0 rj morley   rr knight bt technology journal    
enrichment of dioxin-dehalogenating bacteria by a two-liquid-phase system with 1   2   3 - m bunge   a wagner   jr andreesen   u lechner    
transgenic cotton present and future gm jividen  proceedings of the 23rd international cotton conference    
trees : a unified approach to processing queries that contain subqueries   aggregates and quantifiers   u dayal   o nests  proceedings of the 13th vldb   aug    
too many it duties ? hire a second cio t hoffman computerworld      
electricity deregulation : the norwegian-swedish way & hellip ; 24th annual international conference of the international & hellip ;   e amundsen   l bergman   
a goal driven requirements process model [ j ] t mary frances   slp wavefront information and software technology    
dynamic performance simulation of a continuously variable transmission motorcycle for fuzzy 1997.0 cw hong   cc chen proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;    
the affordances of media spaces for collaboration w gaver   
viewpoint . anonymity on the internet : why the price may be too high d davenport  communications-acm   2002.0 
a fast distance calculation between convex objects by optimization approach s zeghloul   p rambeaud   jp lallemand    
two-way coherent tracking systems ( nonlinear theory of cascaded two-way coherent spacecraft tracking 1971.0 wc lindsey   jh yuen & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings    
acquiring tense in form and meaning l wagner proceedings of the 23rd annual boston university conference & hellip ;    
economics in cyberspace : a comparison study p navarro   j shoemaker 2000.0  unpublished manuscript    
where are the brave new mobile multimedia applications ? s boll   sr ahuja   d friebel   b horowitz   n raman   proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
bluetooth based wireless sensor networksâ ?? implementation issues and solutions s krco    
the challenge of ta training in the 1990s 1989.0 jd nyquist   rd abbott   dh wulff new directions for teaching and learning    
a process and impact evaluation of the operation resource assessment service b coates   d pearson   la skumatz   2000.0 
mechanisms in electrostrictive polymeric materials . h wang   qm zhang   le cross   r ting   c coughlin   k  proc . int . symp . appl . ferroelectrics    
non-heart-beating donor program contributes 40 of kidneys for transplantation transplantation proceedings   1996.0 jhc daemen   rj de wit   m bronkhorst   m yin   e   
on ethics and profâ ?? l responsibility   formal op. 01421 ( 2001 ) . if the insured then refused to aba comm    
european civil/construction engineering management ( ecem/ecm ) as an example for integrated european c ahrens paris ( francia ) : procs . int . conf . sefi    
searching a fixed graph 1996.0 e koutsoupias   ch papadimitriou   m yannakakis proceedings of the 23rd international colloquium on automata & hellip ;    
pre-analyzed resource and time provisioning in distributed real-time systems : an application to h li   j sweeney   k ramamritham   r grupen    
the wireless web s nash  pc magazine online    
application of ultrashort laser pulses for refractive surgery of the eye h lubatschowski   a heisterkamp   w drommer   o 2001.0  laseropto-stuttgart -    
the preparation of professional evaluators : issues   perspectives   and programs . 1994.0 wr shadishâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation    
laser contour cutting of transformer sheet segments l morgenthal   e pfeiffer   e beyer  laseropto-stuttgart -   1999.0 
jocaml : a language for concurrent distributed and mobile programming c fournet   f le fessant   l maranget   a schmitt lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
the handbook of infrared and raman characteristic frequencies of organic molecules d lin-vienâ ? ¦  new  
intelligent systems in patient monitoring and therapy management : a survey of research projects . technical report ksl-93-32   stanford s uckun   
isolated lung perfusion with gemcitabine prolongs survival in a rat model of metastatic pulmonary bp van putte   jmh hendriks   pb vermeulen   s romijn submitted for    
maintenance of spatial semijoin queries on moving points proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   g iwerks   h samet   k smith  2004.0 
introducing the personal software process : three industry case studies p ferguson   ws humphrey   s khajenoori   s macke   a ieee computer      
estimating true distances between genomes ls wang   t warnow proc . 33rd acm symp . theory comput    
acetic acid for analgesic screening r koster   m anderson   ej de beer fed . proc    
software reuse : a key to the maintenance problem hd rombach information and software technology   1991.0 
the utility-directed presentation of graphical simulation j mclaughlin technical report tr-87-59   stanford university   december    
an introduction to radiation chemistry jwt spinks   rj woods   1976.0 
mechanism design for intellectual property rights protection ps giridharan   a srinivasan   
ijade web-miner : an intelligent agent framework for internet shopping rst lee   jnk liu knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on     2004.0 
integers   without large prime factors   in arithmetic progressions a granville    
application of sparse matrix techniques to search   retrieval   classification and relationship vldb   r ashany  1978.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?hierarchical packet fair queueing algorithms   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? jcr bennett   h zhang proc . of acm sigcomm  
churchill livingstone   1985   2 : 534 . priti shah   md ravi ramakantan n york md bombay    
data mining for very busy people t menzies   y hu   
motion planning   equivalence   infinite dimensional systems p rouchon   
mechanism responsible for glucose-lactose diauxie in escherichia coli : challenge to the camp model 1996.0 t inada   k kimata   h aiba genes to cells    
a cheat controlled protocol for centralized online multiplayer games b di chen   m maheswaran proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ;     2004.0 
beyond average : toward sophisticated sensing with queries lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 jm hellerstein   w hong   s madden   k stanek   
unfixed tissue for electron immunocytochemistry : a simple preparation method for colloidal gold jw stirling  the histochemical journal   1992.0 
human rights : some perspectives j minker acm sigmod record   1987.0    
architecture-driven component reuse pav hall  information and software technology    
splitting the difference : exploring the middle ground in user interface design proceedings of the 24th annual hawaii international & hellip ;   s douglas   e doerry   d novick   
implementation techniques for main memory database systems mt. proc . of acm djdwrh katz   f olken   ld shapiro   mr stonebraker     
parallelism   control and synchronization expression in a single assignment language d comte   g durrieu   o gelly   a plas   jc syre  acm sigplan notices   1978.0 
comparing hierarchical data in external memory ss chawathe 1999.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
stream cube : an architecture for multi-dimensional analysis of data streams 2005.0 j han   y chen   g dong   j pei   b wah   j wang   y cai distributed and parallel databases    
a report of the rural cancer registry k jayant   rs rao   bm nene   ps dale  1991.0 
integrity and internal control in information systems { volume 1 : increasing the confidence in s jajodia   w list   g mcgregor   l strous zurich   switzerland      
approximation with vector-valued norms in linear spaces ac bacopoulos 1966.0    
goverance   ownership   and corporate entrepreneurship : the moderating impact of industry sa zahra the academy of management journal     1996.0 
nonlinear adaptive control of a 6-dof parallel manipulator m honegger   
a modular neural network for global modeling of microwave transistors m lã ¡ zaro   i santamarãa   c pantaleã ³ n   c navarro     
thermal plasma applications in materials and metallurgical processing n el-kaddah  1992.0 
exploratory approaches to the study of acid diffusion and acid loss from polymer films using c coenjarts   j cameron   n deschamps   d hambly   g proc . spie   1999.0 
derived trail making test indices in a sample of cocaine abusers : demographic effects c roberts   am horton jr   
reuse of planâ ?? based knowledge sources in a uniform tagâ ?? based generation system k harbusch   j woch   
cryst . lattice defects amorph . mater 1987.0 f rodriguez   m moreno   a tressaud   jp chaminade   
knowledge ` czars ' fall from grace b cole-gomolski computerworld    
dj dewitt . c. turbyfill : benchmarking database systems : a systematic approach proc . vldb florence   d bitton   
carbon nanotubes in electron donor-acceptor nanocomposites dm guldi   gma rahman   f zerbetto   m prato acc . chem . res     2005.0 
rice tt chang see ref    
defects in electron-irradiated germanium ca ferreira-lima   a howie  phil . mag    
obtaining of pest resistant cotton by transforming mediated agrobacterium . new fron-tiers in cotton w wang   z zhu   cy deng 1998.0    
benchmarking spatial join operations with spatial output . 606-618 eg hoel   h samet  1995.0 
train-to-train impact test : occupant protection experiments d tyrell   j zolock   c vaningen-dunn    
natural rubber latex allergy : spectrum   diagnostic approach   and therapy ja woods   s lambert   tae platts-mills   db drake   journal of emergency medicine   1997.0    
wmdb . * : rights protection for numeric relational data ra sion   ms prabhakar  data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
scientific data repositories : designing for a moving target e stolte   c praun   g alonso   tr gross sigmod conference   2003.0 
integral : petri net approach to distributed software development ck chang   yf chang   cc song   m aoyama information and software technology     1989.0 
clustering using the contrast model dj navarro   md lee   
experiments with bottom-up computation of sparse and iceberg cubes s greve  2000.0 
employee participation : diverse forms and different outcomes jl cotton   da vollrath   kl froggatt   ml lengnick - the academy of management review   1988.0 
a study of the nature of the attractant emitted by the asteroid hosts of the commensal polychaete   wc stewart  1970.0 
radar reflectivity gradients in hail echoes w schmid   a waldvogel   p beaud conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
andangelasgori . 1992 . activelearning : perspectives on learning that leads to personal development new directions for adult and continuing la cavaliere   
heterogeneous knowledge based systems and situational awareness d rochowiak   l interrante d. rochowiak and l. interrante ) . in proceedings of aaai &#39; 91 & hellip ;    
unpubl   results . l lif guilliat and nh brext phil . mag   f freund   
splitting the baby in two : how to solve solomon 's dilemma when agents are boundedly rational g ponti    
zezulap ( 1997 ) m-tree : anefficientaccess methodforsimilaritysearchinmetricspaces pm ciacciap proc . 23rd international conference on very large data bases    
approximation theorems of mathematical statistics rj serfling 1980.0    
tourism as a community industry : an ecological model of tourism development pe murphy tourism management    
towards human-centred intelligent systemsâ ?? the intelligent assistant d djian   n azarmi   b azvine   kc tsui   w wobcke bt technology journal   2000.0    
urban . an approach to the classification of domain models in support of analogical reuse ch lung   e joseph proc . acm    
detecting group activities using rigidity of formation sm khan   m shah proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2005.0 
the challenge for kinetic simulations of substorm growth and onset pl pritchett   fv coroniti  sixth intern . conf . on substorms   seattle   washington    
the qualitative-quantitative debate : new perspectives . cs reichardt   sf rallisâ ? ¦ 1994.0  new directions for program evaluation    
mode selection in lasers pw smith  proc . ieee    
continuous heparin infusion to prevent thrombosis and catheter occlusion in neonates with p shah   v shah  cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
practical knowledge representation for the web . in . fensel f van harmelen  d. ( ed . ) . proceedings of the ijcai &#39; 99 workshop on intelligent  
mining multi-dimensional constrained gradients in data cubes vldb   2001.0 d guozhu   h jiawei   j lam   p jean   w ke   
short overview of emf exposure systems and an exposure system used in an ongoing study ( project c schierz   c mã 1/4 ller   h krueger    
list of acronymns cpacp agency bt technology journal   2001.0    
mobile agent standards and available platforms [ j ] kp menelaos   gc fotis   sv iakovos   m gennaro  computer networks    
relational users can learn from ims mistakes . tf o'neil computerworld.   1981.0 
global perspectives in a new world . teacher 's resources . social studies and the young learner   1994.0 ph porterâ ? ¦   
core-periphery disparities recession and new regional dynamisms in the european community geography   d keeble   
audio-visual integration in multimodal communication t chen   rr rao proceedings-ieee     1998.0 
online adaptation of influence diagrams d chickering   t paek  2005.0 
linguistic human rights : overcoming linguistic discrimination . t skutnabb-kangas   r phillipsonâ ? ¦  1995.0 
fluxquery : an optimizing xquery processor for streaming xml data proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   c koch   s scherzinger   n schweikardt   b stegmaier  2004.0 
organ donation : the challenge for emergency nursing 1986.0 j cox journal of emergency nursing    
vertical partitioning for database design : a graphical algorithm bn shamkant   ra minyoung proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
fault-tolerant   load-balancing queries in telegraph proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   ma shah   s chandrasekaran  2001.0 
routing stability and convergence c labovitz   a ahuja   a abose   f jahanian proc . acm sigcomm    
fast computation of sparse datacubes a kenneth   d srivastava   
implementation techniques for main memory databases dj dewitt   rh katz   f olken   l shapiro   m proc . acm    
biochem . 28 ( 1989 ) 3243 . ( b ) sigman ds   bruice tw   mazumder a   & sutton cl jm veal   rl rill acc chem res      
the nuclear weapon of digital rights law : europe set to establish restrictive copyright legislation s rupley pc magazine    
attributes of high-quality intensive courses pa scott new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0    
workflow management with service quality guarantees ( sigmod02 ) m gillmann   g weikum   w wonner  sigmod  
randomized sampling from boltzmann principles p duchon   p flajolet   g louchard   g schaeer proc . 29th intl. colloquium on automata   languages and    
attain testability with hierarchical design . 1991.0 gm murie electronic design    
understanding uml : a formal semantics of concurrency and communication in real-time uml w damm   b josko   a pnueli   a votintseva  lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
software quality metrics : considerations about requirements and requirements specifications information and software technology   b farbey  1990.0 
til : a type-directed optimizingcompilerfor ml d tarditi   g morrisett   p cheng   c stone   r harper  proc . acm  
traffimaticsâ ?? intelligent co-operative vehicle highway systems g bilchev   d marston   n hristov   e peytchev   n bt technology journal     2004.0 
making b + - trees cache conscious in main memory jr rr   ka ross proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
spectrum to expand bill payment options l rosencrance computerworld      
energetic materialsâ ?? insensitivity and environmental awareness ar mitchell   rd sanner  proceedings of the 24th international annual conference on & hellip ;    
spectrum analysis using optical processing ieee   proceedings   1981.0 tm turpin   
disk shadowing d bitton   j gray vldb   1988.0    
the logic of reusable propositional output . 1999 d makinson   l van der torre    
development of a muscle spindle model m mileusnic   ie brown   ge loeb proceedings of the 24th annual international conference of & hellip ;   2002.0 
improved query performance with variant indexes . sigmod intl. conf p ã?neill   d quass  on management of data   tucson    
pki : a question of trust and value r forno   w feinbloom    
madeus : an authoring enivironment interactive multimedia documents m jourdan   c roisin   l sabry-ismail   l tardif proceedings of acm    
the incredibly unique resting requirements of web apps g titterington 1999.0  application development trends    
picodbms : validation and experience n anciaux   c bobineau   l bouganim   p pucheral   p  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
de waarde van information ? ( the value of information ? ; in dutch ) ew berghout 1993.0    
chemical classification of the intermediate and acid rocks ( deccan trap ) of salsette island sf sethna   hk battiwala  bombay : journal of the geological society of india    
non-malleable encryption : equivalence between two notions   and an indistinguishability-based lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 m bellare   a sahai   
a partial test and development of the delone and mclean model of is success 1994.0 pb seddon   my kiew proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;    
geometric algorithms for online optimization   2003 a kalai   s vempala  unpublished  
eddies : continuously adaptive query processing jm hellerstein   r avnur proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
numerical methods for random matrices a edelman   po persson  2002.0 
factorization methods for discrete sequential estimation academic press g bierman san diego    
anaesthesia for treating distal radial fracture in adults 2002.0 hh handoll   r madhok   c dodds cochrane database syst rev    
software requirements [ m ] ew karl 1999.0    
multimedia documents with elastic time my kim   j song & hellip ; of the third acm international conference on multimedia   1995.0 
edas   j. cornil   d. beljonne   da dossantos   z. shuai acc . chem . res   jl br   
multi-table joins through bitmapped join indices acm sigmod record   on o'ngg95 patrick   g graefe   
supporting continuous consistency in multiplayer online games fwb li   lwf li   rwh lau proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
a new class of qos routing strategies based on network graph reduction 2003.0 c casetti   rl cigno   m mellia   m munafo   z zsoka computer networks    
freshness-driven adaptive caching for dynamic content web sites data & knowledge engineering   ws li   o po   wp hsiung   ks candan   d agrawal  2003.0 
corrections : perspectives on research   policy and impact 1975.0 jw newton   pg zimbardo   
impurity transport simulation in radiatively improved and itb plasmas in ftu l carraro   m finkenthal   k fournier   l gabellieri     
bluetooth-a new low-power radio interface providing short-range connectivity proceedings-ieee   2000.0 jc haartsen   s mattisson   
internet metaphors matter new directions for teaching and learning   mi taniguchi  2003.0 
perspectives on pricing . lh litten 1986.0  new directions for higher education    
dynamics of manifolds in random media : the self-consistent hartree approximation h kinzelbach j. phys . i ( france )   1993.0 
traffic forecasting method study on economic development area [ a ] proceedings of 2001 international conference on management & hellip ;   2001.0 gai chun-ying   pei yu-long   
multi-dimensional constrained gradients in data cubes proceedings of 27th international conference on very large g dong   j han   j lam   j pei   k wang   
eddies : continuous query optimization r avnur   j hellerstein  proceedings of sigmod    
comprehensive support for graphical   highly interactive user interfaces ba myers   da giuse   rb dannenberg   ds kosbie   e    
a graphical query language suplx ~ rting recursion if cruz   ao mendelzon   pt wood proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of data    
mmdb reload algorithms proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1991.0 mh eich   
guanxi : connections as substitutes for formal institutional support kr xin   jl pearce 1996.0  the academy of management journal    
the impact of xml on databases and data sharing l seligman   a rosenthal    
ncgia research initiative 3 technical report : multiple representation bp buttenfield   1990.0 
designing clusters with infiniband : early experience with mellanox technology j liu   j wu   dk panda   c shamir submitted for    
hierarchical clustering via joint between-within distances gj szekely   ml rizzo  2003.0 
packing schemes for gang scheduling lecture notes in computer science   dg feitelson  1996.0 
the social equity of urban service distribution : an exploration of park access in pueblo   colorado   e talen 1997.0  urban geography    
an introduction to three-dimensional climate modeling wm washington   cl parkinson   
targeted disruption of the homeobox transcription factor bapx1 results in lethal skeletal dysplasia h akazawa   i komuro   y sugitani   y yazaki   r nagai  genes to cells   2000.0 
smad8b   a smad8 splice variant lacking the ssxs site that inhibits smad8-mediated signalling genes to cells   m nishita   n ueno   h shibuya  1999.0 
census of marine life : fishing industry perspectives tj lassen oceanography-washington dc-oceanography society -     1999.0 
microarchitectural synthesis of performance-constrained   low-power vlsi designs l goodby   pm chau acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems     2002.0 
optimizing location detection services in wireless sensor networks ic paschalidis   s ray   
nonexistence of the first moment of the adjusted least squares estimator in multivariate errors-in - c cheng   a kukush 2001.0    
a discussion of indices for the evaluation of fuzzy associations in relational databases d dubois   h prade   t sudkamp    
on the diffusion approximation to a discontinuous model for a single neuron g kallianpur  contributions to statistics    
on the estimation of frequent itemsets for data streams : theory and experiments proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   pa laur   r nock   je symphor   p poncelet  2005.0 
teaching effectiveness in technology-mediated distance learning j webster   p hackley the academy of management journal     1997.0 
the relationship between p300 latencies   and wisc-r and wechsler memory scale results in epileptic y naganuma   t konishi   m matsui   k hongou no to hattatsu     1993.0 
the xml forms language [ j ] af kristensen computer networks    
an introduction to real-time operating systems : scheduling theory cw mercer unpublished manuscript   1992.0    
protect yourself online m danda    
countable choice and pseudometric spaces hl bentley   h herrlich    
spectrum analysis-a modem perspective sm kay   sl marple proc . ieee      
theseus   perseus 1992.0 m stephanides   g stephanides   
optimal algorithms for partitioning trees and locating p-centers in trees gn frederickson  proc . second acm-siam symp . discrete  
language   language awareness and foreign language learning 1987.0 s papaefthymiou-lytra   
design reuse in hypermedia application development d schwabe   a garrido   g rossi proc . of acm    
unification-free execution of well-moded prolog programs mrkk rao   rk shyamasundar technical report   tifr   bombay   india   march    
an nc approximation algorithm for the minimum degree spanning tree problem m furer   b raghavachari proc . of the 28th annual allerton conf . on communication   & hellip ;      
compiler-directed run-time monitoring of program data access c ding   y zhong    
a user interface toolkit based on graphical objects andconstraints . proceedings of acm oopsla   da szekely   
grounding globalization : the prospects and perils of linking economic processes of globalization to 2002.0 g bridge economic geography    
radical biology : advances and perspectives on the function of plant roots . american society of plant he flores   jp lynch   d eissenstat md    
performance of atm available bit rate for bursty tcp sources and interfering traffic dp hong   t suda  computer networks   1999.0 
the network measurement system md abrams   iw cotton   sw watkins   r rosenthal   de  submitted for  
some value propositions of online communities 2000.0 e walden electronic markets    
evolution of a virtual community : understanding design issues through a longitudinal study a malhotra   s gosain   a hars    
violence in philadelphia emergency departments reflects national trends journal of emergency nursing   ca blank   je mascitti-mazur  1991.0 
us department of energy   richland   washington online usep agency   
e-service : a new paradigm for business in the electronic environment rt rust   pk kannan communications-acm   2003.0 
properties of the groupby/aggregate relational operator technical report   microsoft   2001 . mm joshi   ca galindo-legaria   
understanding the semantics of sensor data acm sigmod record   m mani  2003.0 
the london docklands-redevelopment schemes in the 1980s s page geography    
environmental ethical decision making in the us metal-finishing industry bl flannery   dr may academy of management journal   2000.0 
toward the bibliographic control of works : derivative bibliographic relationships in an online union gh leazer   rp smiraglia 1996.0  proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;    
the constraining and enabling coding system manual st hauser   si powers   b weiss-perry   dj follansbee  unpublished manuscript    
simple random sampling from relational databases fo or861   d rotem proc . of vldb   kyoto   japan   aug    
d. quass improved query performance with variant indexes po neil proceedings of acm sigmod      
elective versus selective caesarean section for delivery of the small baby a grant cochrane database syst rev   2000.0    
raman scattering in ocean water 1989.0 br marshall   
fast connections l freed   f derfler pc magazine online      
democracy and education : an introduction to the philosophy of education j dewey 1923.0    
change management in heterogeneous semistructured databases s chawathe   v gossain   x liu   j widom   s abiteboul 1997.0    
the next framework for logical xquery optimization proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 a deutsch   y papakonstantinou   y xu   
detection enhancement of solar reflective hyperspectral data via spectrum binning optimization proceedings of mss   cc & d   c simi   c lasota   
the fsn challenge : large-scale interactive television c blank   
developable spaces and problems of fletcher and lindgren am mohamad   
parallel algorithms for the execution of relational database operations acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 d bitton   h boral   dj dewitt   wk wilkinson   
fast computation of sparse datacubes 1997.0 ka ross   d srivastava proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very & hellip ;    
dynamic rebinding for marshalling and update   with destruct-time lambda g bierman   m hicks   p sewell   g stoyle   k   
a hierarchical model of approach and avoidance achievement motivation aj elliot   ma church journal of personality and social psychology    
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries a halverson   j burger   l galanis   a kini   r  2003.0 
the challenge of helping low-income fathers support their children c miller   v knox   
multivariate nonparametric regression using lifting m jansen   gp nason   bw silverman submitted for publication      
activation of apoptosis d uring the reperfusion phase after rat liver ischemia h sasaki   t matsuno   n tanaka   k orita transplantation proceedings   1996.0    
climate research does not remove uncertainty : coping with the risks of climate change s re 1998.0    
adding value to web-opacs b harmsen   
using labeled paths for loop-free on-demand routing in ad hoc networks h rangarajan   jj garcia-luna-aceves   
the adaptive cross validation method-design and control of communication systems a svensson  submitted for  
a qualitative comparison study of data structures for large line segment databases eg hoel   h samet proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   san diego & hellip ;     1992.0 
constrained rotary mr damper design and its application   movicâ ?? 98 proc . of int . conf.   zurich   switzerland   sh kim   y park   
aggregate processing in parallel rdbms proceedings of the acm sigmod conference   san jose   & hellip ;   a shatdal   jf naughton   
lexique et groupes consonantiques v aubergã ©   lj boã ``   jp lefevre  proceedings of the 17th journã © es d &#39; etudes sur la parole    
component reuse in software design : an observational study d budgen   a pohthong submitted for  
logarithmic sobolev inequalities and contractive properties of semigroups lecture notes in mathematics-springer verlag -   1993.0 l gross   
linear logic for structural software synthesis p kungas   j rao    
distributed meetings : a meeting capture and broadcasting system r cutler   y rui   a gupta   jj cadiz   i tashev   l he    
discrete orthogonal transforms and neural networks for image interpolation m oravec   j polec radioengineering-prague -   1999.0    
a theoretical framework for the online classroom : a defense and delineation of a student-centered ds knowlton  new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0 
colonic involvement in salmonellosis bk mandal   v mani 1976.0  lancet i    
effects of tidal exchange on soil and sediment ws hicks   rw fitzpatrick demonstration of management and rehabilitation of acid & hellip ;    
an environment for an operating system jr goodroe   gf leonard proc . acm 17th nat . conf    
cortical visual areas of the temporal lobe cg gross   cj bruce   r desimone   j fleming   r see woolsey    
monadic regions m fluet   g morrisett   
delay optimization of combinational logic circuits and partial collapsing proc . 28th dac   hj touati   h savoj   rk brayton   
ethnic soccer clubs in milwaukee : a study in assimilation 1968.0 jc pooley   
qcd results from lep above and below the z 0 peak d duchesneau   
understanding self-regulated learning pr pintrich 1995.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
allogeneic vascularized transplantation of human femoral diaphyses and total knee joints-first go hofmann   mh kirschner   fd wagner   l brauns   o  transplantation proceedings   1998.0 
epitaxial high t ( sub c ) superconducting thin films and superlattices deposited by laser albation ( j levoska   t murtoniemi   s leppavuori proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0    
good distance teaching : quality distance teaching = structured design + dialogue + communication ` in m parer  1994.0 
neuronal operations in the visual cortex ga orban 1984.0    
finite dimensional algebras ya drozd   vv kirichenko 1994.0    
an improved automatic lipreading system to enhance speech recognition ed petajan   b bischoff   d bodoff   nm brooke    
query processing in main memory database management systems mj carey   tj lehman  proceedings of acm sigmod  
gaining support from external constituencies through strengthened public service jb noftsingerâ ? ¦ 1996.0  new directions for higher education    
a computer architecture for large ( distributed ) data bases r peebles   eg manning vldb    
partial purification and characterization of a protease from human plasma cleaving von willebrand m furlan   r robles    
implementation plan for the environmental monitoring and assessment program sc schimmel  & hellip ; coastal demonstration project . narragansett contribution no    
esteem protection or enhancement ? self-handicapping motives and attributions differ by trait self - journal of personality and social psychology   1991.0 dm tice   
contrast-enhanced computed tomographic colonography in the follow-up of colorectal cancer patients : a laghi   r iannaccone   e bria   i carbone   l european radiology   2003.0    
technical article : ado performance best practice b vaughn 2001.0    
designing and administering a wage-paying community service employment program under tanf : some ke sherwood  1999.0 
oberlander.   j. ( 2003 ) . understanding interactive graphical communication proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the cognitive n fay   s garrod   j lee   
random sampling from hash les f olken   d rotem   p xu proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference    
the berkom mmc service r herrtwichâ ? ¦ proc . acm    
distance education : agricultural student achievement mk swan proceedings of the 25 thnational agricultural education & hellip ;      
model checking for logistic regression : a conditional approach ej bedrick   jr hill computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;    
on vulnerability and protection of ad hoc on-demand distance vector protocol w wang   y lu   bk bhargava   
breast implants revisited : beyond science on trial rs dresser   we wagner   pc giannelli wisconsin law review   1997.0    
eddies : continuously adaptive query processing r avnur   jm hellerstein sigmod conference   2000.0    
computing access relevance for path-method generation in oodb and im-oodb a mehta   j geller   y perl   p fankhauser 1996.0  journal of intelligent information systems    
a processing interface for multiple external schema access to a data base management system vldb   ag dale   cv yurkanan   
continously adaptive continuous query over streams s maddenâ ? ¦ proc . acm intl. conf . on management of data ( sigmod )   p171 - & hellip ;      
improved h-mode access with inboard gas puffing ar field   er arends   pg carolan   pj catto   nj    
stresses and stress intensity factors for embedded hyperbolic and parabolic cracks rc shah ph. d. thesis   university of washington   seattle   washington (    
longitudinal gradients in the spectra of anomalous crs h fichtner   sr sreenivasan   
a universal infrastructure for the run-time monitoring of parallel and distributed applications r wismueller   j trinitis   t ludwig lecture notes in computer science     1998.0 
optimization of run-time management of data intensive web-sites 1999.0 d florescu   a levy   d suciu   k yagoub proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
managing video data in a mobile environment r alonso   yl chang   l iftode 1995.0  sigmod record    
theoretical and practical issues in the preferred argument structure of brazilian portuguese r dutra & hellip ; barbara : unpublished monograph . university of california    
descriptions of heretofore unknown mammals from islands in the gulf of california   mexico . wh burt  1932.0 
the theory of the formal method bm ejxenbaum see ref    
systems of disjoint representatives r aharoni   p haxell  to  
evaluating students ' written performance in the online classroom jf bauer   rs anderson new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0    
picodmbs : scaling down database techniques for the smartcard c bobineau   l bouganim   p pucheral   p valduriez 2000.0  vldb    
identifying traits with formal concept analysis a lienhard   s ducasse   g arã © valo proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;     2005.0 
introduction   background   and international perspectives : korean history   culture   and education sj paik  international journal of educational research   2001.0 
routine run-time code generation s kamin    
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions vldb   1996.0 ay levy   a rajaraman   jj ordilleâ ? ¦   
the proteasome : a protein-destroying machine k tanaka   t chiba 1998.0  genes to cells    
hierarchical packet fair queing algorithms proceedings of acm jcr bennett   h zhang   
1995 . benchmarking spatial join operations with spatial output proc . 21st int . conf . on very large data eg hoel   h samet   
a unifying view of knowledge representation for inductive learning submitted for publication   af bowers   c giraud-carrier   jw lloyd   
data caching issues in an information retrieval system r alonso   d barbara   h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems   1990.0    
applying writing guidelines to web pages j morkes   j nielsen proceedings of acm chi &#39; 98 conference on human factors in & hellip ;   1998.0 
staples joins kiosk retailers l mearian    
understanding bizarre and kinky web sites . jc dvorak pc magazine online    
algorithms for partial logic t langholm unpublished manuscript    
electronic textbook of electromagnetic waves z raida    
closet : an efficient algorithm for mining frequent closed itemsets ( pdf ) '' j pei   j han   r mao proc . 2000 acm-sigmod int . workshop on data mining and  
dimas : distributing multimedia on peer-to-peer file sharing networks 2004.0 t reti   r sarvas proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
improved approximation algorithms for metric facility location problems m mahdian   y ye   j zhang lecture notes in computer science     2002.0 
behavioral modeling of analog circuits by wavelet collocation methods l xin   z xuan   z dianâ ? ¦ proc ieee/acm iccad      
understanding siblingconcepts : a developmental study of kin terms in zinacantan pm greenfield   cp childs see ref      
overestimation of mycophenolic acid by emit correlates with mpa metabolite transplantation proceedings   m shipkova   e schutz   vw armstrong   pd niedmann   e  1999.0 
age effect on survivability of smes based on the survival index value ( siv ) model a abouzeedan   m busler the proceedings of the 25 thinstitute of small business & hellip ;    
transboundary environmental problems with a mobile population : is there a need for central policy ? m hoel   p shapiro    
the stability of behavior : i. on predicting most of the people much of the time s epstein  journal of personality and social psychology    
intravenous conscious sedation monitoring guidelines ja snyder journal of emergency nursing   1992.0    
parallel processing network for adaptive controllers yz chang    
an extended relational database model for uncertain and imprecise information sk lee    
lessons from a '' living in a database '' graphical query interface proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1984.0 d fogg   
mass \ \ ` o   j.   radke   t. and shalf   j. solving einstein 's equation on supercomputers g allen   t goodale   g lanfermann   e seidel   w ieee    
improved solutions to three dimensional packing problems & hellip ; conference on operations research   athens   greece   june   wb dowsland   
multiservice platforms for data services dj lewis   on wheeler   mj warner   d newey   s bt technology journal   1998.0 
sensory and perceptual development hl pick   ad pick  see mussen    
self-concordance at work : toward understanding the motivational effects of transformational leaders academy of management journal   je bono   ta judge  2003.0 
implementing xquery using tax hv jagadishâ ? ¦ tech . report   u. michigan . june 2003 . in  
electronic brokerages for online investing electronic markets   1999.0 p konana   
core-peripheralitiy disparities   recessionism in the european community d keeble  geography    
g-whiz   a visual interface for the functional model witk recursioa s heiler   a rosenthal  proc . 1 lth intl. conf . vldb   stockholm   sweden    
continuity and change in geography textbooks : perspectives from the 1930s to the 1960s geography   we marsden   
e ring spaces and e ring spectra jp may   j tornehave   n ray   f quinn 1977.0    
seasonal population trends of adult stable flies . misc . public . 74   entomological society of america md   gl greene   
depth-first generation of large itemsets for association rules r agrawal   c aggarwal   v prasad proc . 2000 acm knowledge discovery and data mining conf      
initial trust and the adoption of b2c e-commerce : the case of internet banking kk kim   b prabhakar acm sigmis database   2004.0 
phantoms in the representation theory ofâ ® finite dimensional algebras ' b huisgen-zimmermann preprint   university of california   santa barbara    
enabling dynamic content caching for database-driven web sites k selcuk   ws li   q luoand   wp hsiung   d agrawal acm sigmod conference      
random sampling from relational databases f olken   d rotem proc . vldb &#39; 86 twelfth international conference on very large & hellip ;    
weakly pinned random walk on the wall : pathwise descriptions of the phase transition   stoch y isozaki   n yoshida proc . appl    
digital rights management s web  pc magazine   2004.0 
mats ( metric/allen time system ) documentation . at & t bell laboratories   1991 . 12   my kim and j. song . h kautz  proc . acm  
theoretical perspectives on instructional problems rj menges   m svinicki  new directions for teaching and learning    
femtosecond laser microscopy in biomedicine k konig laseropto-stuttgart -   2000.0 
fehling   and saunders   â ?? specification based computing environments   â ?? m proc . 8th int r balzer   d dyer vldb conf      
continuously adaptive continuous queries over streams y liu    
distributed output feedback control of two-time-scale hyperbolic pde systems applied mathematics and computer science   1998.0 pd christofides   p daoutidis   
industry perspectives on the impact of it and e-commerce proceedings of the 3rd international conference on & hellip ;   k ruikar   cj anumba   pm carrillo   
finding and preventing run-time error handling mistakes w weimer   gc necula   
j. . j. ordille . quering heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions ay levi   a rajaraman  proc . 22nd vldb conference   bombay   india    
a database management system for the federal courts jr buchanan   rd fennell   h samet  acm transactions on database systems   1984.0 
with : microsoft unveils java converter kit w kilburn application development trends     2003.0 
and d. shasha p. oâ ?? neil . the dangers of replication and a solution jn gray   p helland proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
acoustics of classrooms in brazilian public schoolsâ ?? a case study in curitiba pht zannin   cp loro  proceedings of the seventh congrã ¨ s franã § ais d &#39; acoustique & hellip ;    
kodama : mischievous echoes h yamakawa proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2005.0 
an introduction to the bootstrap : chapman and hall new york   b efron   rj tibshirani   
the sensor spectrum : technology   trends   and requirements 2003.0 j hellerstein   w hong   s madden sigmod record    
spread spectrum rake detection with decision-feedback multipath cancellation . pg flikkema submitted for    
three perspectives on school reform 1993.0 a sen   jb vaughn   t flanagan new directions for program evaluation    
causal compactifications and hardy spaces for spaces of hermitian type f betten   g olafsson   
locating faulty code using failure-inducing chops n gupta   h he   x zhang   r gupta 2005.0  proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;    
management of schema evolution in databases   17th int j andany   m leonard   c palisser conference on    
making ak 4-free graph bipartite b sudakov   
partial inverse linear programming s gentry   
mining constrained gradients in large databases g dong   j han   jmw lam   j pei   k wang   w zou ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
in vivo structure/function analyses of c. elegans mec-4   a candidate mechanosensory ion channel k hong   i mano   m driscoll   
z-lopeâ ¬ z   jf stoddart v balzani   m gome acc . chem . res    
design and implementation of mobile agent infrastructure based on mobile agent interoperability j wong   v honavar   l miller   v naganathan  submitted for  
linear hashing with partial expansions . very large data bases pa larson international conference on very large data  
an investigation of the mode i and mode ii stitch bridging laws in stitched polymer composites 1996.0 a turrettini   
the personal and professional challenge of peacekeeping r weekes   dj kealey   j mantha   d macdonald   e  unpublished manuscript    
words into type : meeting the corporate challenge d burns   s venit pc magazine . december      
students ' perspectives on their master 's degree experiences : disturbing the conventional wisdom cf conrad   km duren   jg haworth new directions for higher education   1998.0 
metamathematics of first-order arithmetic p hã ¡ jek   p pudlã ¡ k   1993.0 
continuously adaptive continuous queries sm ms02   m shah   jm hellerstein   v raman 2000.0    
partial differential equation modeling for stochastic fixed strategy distributed systems unpublished manuscript   v dorofeenko   j shorish  2003.0 
fehler und fehlerkorrektur   fernstudieneinheit 19   langenscheidt   mã 1/4 nchen   1997/98 k kleppin   
color in business   science and industry db judd    
schema-free xquery y li   c yu   hv jagadish proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
synthesis of kinematic and thermodynamic fields at cloud base from systematic thunderstorm inflow jc fankhauser conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;   1984.0 
an expressive model for comparing tree-structured data ss chawathe   h garcia-molina    
providing qualityofserviceovertheweb : anewspaper-basedapproach m banatre   v issarny   f leleu   b charpiot computer networks    
a formal foundation for distributed workflow execution based on state charts lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 d wodtke   g weikum   
guaranteeing correctness and availability in p2p range indices p linga   a crainiceanu   j gehrke   j  proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
evaluation of the welding performance of a 1 kw pulsed nd : yag laser with fibre optic beam delivery & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry   proceedings   25 th & hellip ;   1992.0 as nasla   
learning of sensory motor tasks by an autonomous agent k malmstrom   l munday   j sitte & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing    
e cient 3-d searching in external memory de vengro   js vitter  proc . 28th stoc    
polym sci part b : polym phys c wu   t yamagishi  submitted for publication    
multi-table joins through bitmapped join indices g graefe   poâ ?? neil  acm sigmod record    
integrating databases and workflow systems s shankar   a kini   dj dewitt   j naughton sigmod record   2005.0 
the manufacturing frontier : pioneer industry in antebellum wisconsin   1830-1860 m walsh  1969.0 
design recovery for reuse and maintenance ieee computer   t biggerstaff   
naradabrokering : a distributed middleware framework and architecture for enabling durable peer-to - s pallickara   g fox 2003.0  lecture notes in computer science    
engineering high performance database-driven e-commerce web sites through dynamic content caching ws li   ks candan   wp hsiung   o po   d agrawal   
periodic acid incubation can replace hydrochloric acid hydrolysis and trypsin digestion in hjg van de kant   dg de rooij  the histochemical journal   1992.0 
enacting and deacting roles in agent programming m dastani   b van riemsdijk   j hulstijn   f dignum      
function-theoretic principles of program understanding m pleszkoch    
cmd : a multidimensional declustering method for parallel database systems l jianzhong   j srivastava   d rotem proceedings of international conference on vldb   august    
discretisation in lazy learning algorithms km ting  artificial intelligence review   1997.0 
the impact of employee communication and perceived external prestige on organizational a smidts   
analysis of http/1 .1 on a wireless network technical report   stanford university   s cheng   k lai   m baker   
design and evaluation of a new mac protocol for long-distance 802.11 mesh networks b raman   k chebrolu   
integrating contents and structure in text traversal r baeza-yates   g navarro sigmod record    
the universal rights of the child . key concepts for instruction with young learners . lb bennett social studies and the young learner     1996.0 
development of a liver respiratory motion simulator to investigate magnetic tracking for abdominal proc . spie   2002.0 kr cleary   f banovac   e levy   d tanaka   
an empirical study of on-chip parallelism l snyder   
the fleostomy patient report of a research and demonstration e lenneberg   j rowbotham   
graphical fisheye views of graphs proceedings of acm msmh brown   
boston comnmnity information system 1986 erperimenfal test results dk giffordâ ? ¦  mit/lcs/tr -397 . imit laboratory for computer science   cambridge    
computer-supported information systems . wh mayhew new directions for higher education   1983.0    
a study to describe uw-stout campus network mh huang 2000.0    
emphysematous cystitis presenting as painless gross hematuria journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 j davidson   cv pollack   
informix under control : online query processing jm hellerstein   r avnur   v raman  data mining and knowledge discovery   2000.0 
constraint grammarsâ ?? a new model for specifying graphical applications bt zanden acm sigchi bulletin     1989.0 
metadata for multimedia documents k bshm   tc rakow sigmod record   1994.0    
spinal immobilisation for trauma patients i kwan   f bunn   i roberts 2001.0  cochrane database syst rev    
krypton 4 p   4 s and 3 d partial photoionization cross sections below 260 ev photon energy ( abstract j tulkki   s aksela   h aksela   y furusawa   a oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
ministerâ ?? s warning over internet porn r uhlig electronic telegraph    
lifting the burden of history from adaptive query processing a deshpande   jm hellerstein  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
the input and output of chinese and japanese characters jk huang ieee computer      
improved query performance with variant indexes [ a ] . acm proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;   po ` neil   d quass   
mining frequent patterns without candidate j han   j pei   y yin proc . 2000 acmsigmod int . conf . on management of data ( & hellip ;    
preliminary clinical experience with biodegradable plate and screw fixation & hellip ; of the european union demonstration project bmh4â ?? 98â ?? & hellip ;   m ninkovic   a rumer   a kofler   
cache conscious indexing fordecision-support inmainmemory proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;   jrka ross   
new trends in space program management eg howard   s kirkner    
linear hashing with partial expansions pa larson  vldb   1980.0 
using laser to produce a new material for the automtive industry w prange   c schneider & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry   proceedings   25 th & hellip ;   1992.0 
european testbed for broadband communication   reference applications and infrastructure k jonas   k rebensburg  tubkom   technical university berlin    
main gearbox with higher survivability and reliability p maret   c varailhon 1999.0  european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.    
beer from maize process european brewing convention   zurich   switzerland   cb pfeninger   f schur   aj wieg   
a case of bilharzia of the vagina fc madden the lancet i    
the spaces and times of globalization : place   scale   networks   and positionality e sheppard economic geography      
institutional arrangements and government performance in the brazilian federation . 2003.0 vd lledã ³   
the north american breeding bird survey   results and analysis 1966-2002 . version 2003.1   usgs jr sauer   je hines   j fallon    
thermodynamic and kinetic analyses for understanding sequence-specific dna recognition genes to cells   m oda   h nakamura  2000.0 
generation of views of tv content using tv viewersâ ?? perspectives expressed in live chats on the h miyamori   s nakamura   k tanaka 2005.0  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
duration neglect in retrospective evaluations of affective episodes bl fredrickson   d kahneman journal of personality and social psychology     1993.0 
mining compressed frequent-pattern sets d xin   j han   x yan   h cheng    
risk reductions in metastatic breast cancer : multivariate poisson regression analyses of oral and iv jj body   j kanis   i diel   b bergstrom  proc asco    
processing of the nedd2 precursor by ice-like proteases and granzyme b nl harvey   ja trapani   t fernandes-alnemri   g  genes to cells   1996.0 
mining frequent patterns with out candidate generation j han   j pei   y yin  proceedings ofacm international conference on management of & hellip ;    
an introduction to spatial database systems portal.acm.org 1994.0    
exclusion of four candidate kidney disease loci by linkage analysis in familial juvenile m greener   am marinaki   mm town   f moro   ha cellular and molecular biology letters     1999.0 
of chemosterilants in the reproductive organs and tissues of insects v landa  proc   int cong entomol   13th    
rehabilitation and reuse of college and university facilities . new directions for higher education   1980.0 hl goyette   
governance structure in the deregulated trucking industry 1998.0 tn hubbard   
review of intensive assessment recommendations conducted at the assistive technology and assessment 2001.0 kj miess   
genetic control of fatty acid composition in oilseed crops proc . int . flax . inst   rk downey   dg dorrell   
a testbed fear wide area atm research proc . acm dl tennenhouse   im leslie   
an interpretation of the contemporary catholic understanding.â ?? gh rights 1982.0    
lower bounds for online graph problems with application to online circuit and optical routing y bartal   a fiat   s leonardi proc . 28th annu . acm symp . theory    
intergroup effects in the mental representation of stereotypes sh babey   1998.0 
waheedqureshi . aperformanceanalysis of alternative multi-attribute declustering strategies s ghandeharizadeh   dj dewitt proceedings of the 1992 acmsigmod  
static conflict analysis for multi-threaded object-oriented programs c von praun   tr gross    
substantial advantages of fully-depleted cmos/simox devices as low-power high-performance vlsi y kado   
fast   layout-aware validation of test-vectors for nanometer-related timing failures a kokrady   cp ravikumar    
party structures and policy representation in multiparty elections : an application to norwegian j adams   s merrill iii  typescript . santa barbara : university of california    
online s lambert  microsoft  
formal syntax and semantics of a reconstructed relational database system d jonsson 1992.0  sigmod record    
distributing a database for parallel processing is np-hard 1983.0 hc du acm sigmod record    
meeting the challenge . jm civikly 1986.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
estimating optimal weights p stoica   m jansson submitted for publication      
a performance evaluation of four parallel join algorithms in a shared-nothing multiprocessor da schneider   dj dewitt  proc . of acm-sigmod intl. conf . on mgmt . of data   june    
the case for partial indexes m stonebraker  sigmod record   1989.0 
semantic characterizations of navigational xpath sigmod record   2005.0 m marx   m de rijke   
is it too late to put the user back into html ? k magel    
oral cancer tata memorial hospital   professional education division   bombay   k jayanth   m notani   rs rao   pb desai   
case for output management systems . 1981.0 k schwaber computerworld.    
xml 's impact on databases and data sharing l seligman   
trends in government endorsed security product evaluations re smith    
constructivism : theory   perspectives   and practice ct fosnotâ ? ¦   1996.0 
the ecobase environmental information system : applications   architecture and open issues acm sigmod record   a tanaka   p valduriezâ ? ¦   
the zeus agent building tool-kit jc collis   dt ndumu   hs nwana   lc lee 1998.0  bt technology journal    
the 2001 survey on time use and leisure activities js bureau  online at    
a cost model for query processing in high dimensional data spaces acm transactions on database systems   2000.0 acm transactions on database systems   2000   
information rules sigmod record   da stirling  2003.0 
graphical turns in multimodal communication i umata   a shimojima   y katagiri   n swoboda  proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the cognitive & hellip ;    
automatic clustering for browsing personal photographs jc platt   m czerwinskim   bp field microsoft research technical report msr-tr-2002-17    
sperm competition and sexual selection : academic press tr birkhead   ap mã ¸ ller  san diego   ca    
on understanding grammar 1979.0 t giv6n   
challenges and trends in processor design : reining in complexity ieee computer   g grohoski   
decoupling partitioning and grouping : overcoming shortcomings of spatial indexing with bucketing h samet acm trans . database syst   2004.0    
an introduction to policy management bt technology journal   2005.0 ja clark   j mcdonald   
3d exploration of uniprocessor schedules for dsp algorithms j teich   e zitzler   ss bhattacharyya   
fast andaccurate flow-insensitivepoints-toanalysis proc . 24th . acm symposiumonprinciplesofprogramminglanguages   & hellip ;   mss horwitz   
oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil pe   shasha d. the dangers of replication and a solution j gray   p helland proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;      
message-based part state graphs ( mpsg ) for shop floor control the proceedings of the 2 ~ d lie research conference   los & hellip ;   js smith   sb joshi   
query execution assurance for outsourced databases r sion 2005.0  proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;    
nucleic acid res y furuichi  1974.0 
hyperstormâ ?? administering structured documents using object-oriented database technology k bã ¶ hm   k aberer proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1996.0 
ming frequent patterns without candidate generation dallas   tx   usa : proc . 2000 acm-sigmod int . conf . on & hellip ;   p hanj   y yin   
relay sensor placement in wireless sensor networks x cheng   dz du   l wang   b xu  submitted for publication   2003.0 
nucleic acids res k marcu   b dudock 1974.0    
on computing mobile agent routes for data fusion in distributed sensor networks 2004.0 q wu   nsv rao   j barhen   ss iyenger   vk vaishnavi   knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on    
japanese firms banking on micros . k tanaka computerworld.     1984.0 
understanding network equipment reliability 1998.0 dj ford bt technology journal    
decomposition and composition of a relational database y tanaka   t tsuda 1977.0  vldb    
developmental patterning in chondrocytic cultures by morphogenic gradients : bmp induces expression 1999.0 t kameda   c koike   k saitoh   a kuroiwa   h iba genes to cells    
towards a distributed   environment-centered agent framework jr graham   ks decker 2000.0  lecture notes in computer science    
kudoa-the irish experience . salmon industry perspectives r palmer & hellip ; of agriculture   fisheries and food   aquaculture industry & hellip ;    
medical methods for first trimester abortion r kulier   am gulmezoglu   gj hofmeyr   ln cheng   a cochrane database syst rev     2004.0 
wavelet importance sampling : efficiently evaluating products of complex functions proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 p clarberg   w jarosz   t akenine-mã ¶ ller   hw jensen   
statistical inference under order restrictions : the theory and application of isotonic regression re barlowâ ? ¦    
bottom-up computation of sparse and iceberg cubes sigmod conference   1999.0 k beyer   r ramakrishnan   
human rights and democratization in turkey in the context of eu candidature c rumford journal of european area studies   2001.0 
02 : an object-oriented formal data model proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of c lecluse   p richard   f velez   
structure and semantics in oodb class specifications j geller   y perl   ej neuhold 1991.0  acm sigmod record    
performance of hierarchical hyper-ring multicomputers fn sibai proc . 13th acm    
focusing on concepts : teaching for meaningful learning . j jarolimek  social studies and the young learner   1991.0 
output retrenchments   defaults   stronger compositions   feature engineering r banach   c jeske   
the costs of brood provisioning : effects of brood size and food supply dm bryant   p tatner proc . int . ornithol . congr      
perspective-based reading : techniques for improving requirements inspections ieee computer   f shull   i rus   vr basili   
56   â ?? dosimetry of external beta rays for radiation protection   â ?? international commission on md   i report   
minos 5.4 userâ ?? s guide ( preliminary ) ba murtagh   ma saunders & hellip ; of operations research stanford university   technical report & hellip ;      
relation of temperature to the development of citrus canker lesions in the spring proc . int . soc . citriculture   m koizumi   
fire in the ecology of the brazilian cerrado lm coutinho  fire in the tropical biota   1990.0 
biopolym biospectrosc r desamero   h cheng   s cahill   m girvin   r    
impacts of information systems : four perspectives vj symons  information and software technology   1991.0 
providing role models online : telementoring gives students real-life connections in science and d bennett electronic learning     1997.0 
the effect of perceived technological uncertainty on japanese new product development m song   mm montoya-weiss    
small subsets inherit sparse îµ-regularity s gerke   y kohayakawa   v rodl   a steger    
algorithms for acychc database schemes ym yannakakas 1981.0    
fe-simulation of 3-d sheet metal forming processes in automotive industry j reissner zurich   switzerland   vdi-verlag    
it industry lags behind nation in hiring blacks . l copeland computerworld      
the challenge of process data warehousing proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;   2000.0 m jarke   t list   j kã ¶ ller   
analytical modeling of materialized view maintenance j srivastava   d rotem proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1988.0 
causal uncertainty beliefs and diagnostic information seeking g weary   ja jacobson  journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
alpha-1 proteinase inhibitor ( a1pi ) for preventing chronic lung disease in preterm infants cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 p shah   a ohlsson   
global and local indices of cosmic ray activity proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf.   salt lake city   av belov   ea eroshenko   vg yanke   vi antonova   on  1999.0 
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching   in `` proc sigmod intl. conf . on management of data   a guttman   
spatial audio technology for telepresence 1997.0 mp hollier   an rimmell   d burraston bt technology journal    
o-policy temporal difference learning with function approximation d precup   r sutton   
locality preserving dictionaries : theory and application to clustering in databases v raman proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst   1999.0    
a nested relational approach to processing sql subqueries b cao   a badia proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     2005.0 
security as a qos target of multimedia communication z lv   j wu   s zhang proc . of acm infosecu      
the case for precision sharing s krishnamurthy   mj franklin   jm hellerstein   g 2004.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
cryptanalysis of discrete-sequence spread spectrum watermarks mk mihcak   r venkatesan   m kesal lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
new seat reservation system for japanese national railways - distributed processing network and high 1986.0 e seki vldb    
choosing the pick of the litter pc magazine   s van arsdale   j sisk   
genetic algorithms and their tuning j kubalãk   j laå 3/4 anskã 1/2 proceedings of casys &#39; 98 ( dubois d.      
modelling of power generation investment incentives under uncertainty in liberalised electricity a botterud   m korpã ¥ s   
an empirical study of a software reuse reference model information & software technology   2000.0 dc rine   n nada   
modeling and simulation of the cascade brushless doubly-fed machine s bian   y he   z pan  submitted for  
spaces of contention mobilization-san diego -   2000.0 c tilly   
adaptive time-frequency representation for sound analysis and processing f jaillet   b torresani    
language as a factor affecting follow-up compliance from the emergency department er enguidanos   p rosen 1997.0  journal of emergency medicine    
comparison of simulated impacts of ssp and mfip with results from evaluation . c michalopoulos  unpublished paper   manpower demonstration research & hellip ;    
performance analysis of linear hashing with partial expansions pa larson acm transactions on database systems     1982.0 
appointment of strategic mentor consultantâ ?? icvt update    
low cost approach to realize novel detectors for color recognition procs . internat . congress on imaging science ( icps )   antwerp & hellip ;   d knipp   h stiebig   b rech   h wagner   
fast computation of generalized voronoi diagrams using graphics hardw are k hoff   t culver   j keyser   m lin   d manocha proceedings of acm siggraph      
diverticular abscess presenting as prostate abscess and missed by abdominal ct scan journal of emergency medicine   2002.0 rg slater   
learning query-class dependent weights in automatic video retrieval r yan   j yang   ag hauptmann 2004.0  proceedings of acm multimedia    
partial alphabetic trees   2001 a barkan   h kaplan   
panoramaexcerpts : extracting and packing panoramas for video browsing y taniguchi   a akutsu   y tonomura    
adultlearnersand internetbased distance education in adult learning and the internet new directions for adult and continuing education   dv estmond   
a performance evaluation of four join algorithms in a shared-nothing multiprocessor environment proceedings of the acm sigmod conference   portland   or   june   da schneider   dj dewitt   
optimum decoding of non-additive full frame dft watermarks a de rosa   m barni   f bartolini   v cappellini   a  proc . int . workshop on information  
requirements management interface to building product models 2005.0 a kiviniemi   
generating descriptions in context e krahmer   m theune procs . of workshop generation of nominal expressions   esslli      
the challenge of process warehousing proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;   m jarke   t list   j koller   
metric operations on fuzzy spatial objects in databases m schneider   
partial behavioral reflection : spatial and temporal selection of reification e tanter   j noye   d caromel   p cointe   
reuse of proofs in software verification lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 w reif   k stenzel   
network destruction : the structural implications of downsizing academy of management journal   2000.0 pp shah   
incremental distance join algorithms for spatial databases sigmod conference   1998.0 gr hjaltason   h samet   
the cotton mills of india   1854-1954 . 1954.0 sd metha   
the unbalanced plant em goldratt apics 24th annual international conference proceedings    
13th psi-conference d hildebrandtâ ? ¦ 1998.0    
personal intelligent communications bt technology journal   dg smith   
graph indexing : a frequent structure-based approach x yan   ps yu   j han  & hellip ; . 2004 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data ( sigmod  
test case selection with or without replacement h leung   th tse   ft chan   ty chen  information and software technology    
example-based graphical database query languages   h wang    
anthropology as the mutual interpretation of cultures . indian perspectives see fahim   tn madan   
spooles boeing shared services group   seattle   c ashcraft   d pierce   dk wah   
multicast using ad hoc on-demand distance vector routing proc . of acm mobicom   em royer   c perkins   
spatial cognition gd richardson 1982.0    
triplets in the spectrum produced by external magnetic forces p zeeman phil . mag      
understanding consulting as an adult education process . sd brookfield  new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
anl ) wood   i ) . implementation techniques for main memory database systems dj dewitt   rh katz   f olken   l shapiro   mr  proceedings of the 10f   h vldb ( singapore   aug. .  
potential benefits of delta-encoding and data compression for http m jeffery   f douglis   a feldmann   b krishnamurthy  proc . acm  
somatic embryogenesis of cyclaman persicum mill . in bioreactors . comb ak hvoslef-eide   c munster proc . int . plant prop    
performance of data-parallel spatial operations 1994.0 eg hoel   h samet proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
13-cis retinoic acid and all-trans retinoic acid in the regulation of the proliferation and survival cellular and molecular biology letters   2001.0 e czeczuga-semeniuk   s wolczynski   j dzieciol   m   
ne   \ \ gtrace-a graphical traceroute tool.   '' r periakaruppan  usenix lisa   ( seattle   washington   usa )   novembeer    
the challenge of serving teenage mothers : lessons from project redirection df polit 1988.0    
thermal convection in a magnetic field wb thompson phil . mag    
characterization of the interface energetics for n-type cadmium selenide/non-aqueous electrolyte a aruchamy   ja bruce   s tanaka   ms wrighton  interim technical report massachusetts inst . of tech.   & hellip ;   1982.0 
us leads in online privacy disclosure computerworld   j cline   
a strategic approach to software protection o shy   jf thisse computerworld     1986.0 
pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of fk 506 in pediatric patients receiving living-related donor m yasuhara   t hashida   m toraguchi   y hashimoto transplantation proceedings   1995.0 
enhancing faculty vitality through collaboration among colleagues . 1985.0 nr wylie   jw fuller new directions for higher education    
supplemental instruction sessions in college algebra and calculus sl burmeister   jm carter   lr hockenberger   pa  new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
e. ] 8 . crellin and m. 13evls p allan  phil . mag    
algorithms for loading parallel grid files proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   j li   d rotem   j srivastava  1993.0 
design   performance and cost of energy from high concentration and at plate utility scale wj stolte   ra whisnant   cr mcgowin  proceedings of the 23rd ieee photovoltaic specialist & hellip ;    
constructive approximation for a class of perturbed hammerstein integral equations   december 1997 a sommariva   m vianello    
tapping mode imaging applications and technology cb prater   pg maivald   
software development productivity and back-end case tools information and software technology   gc low   dr jeffery  1991.0 
institutional evolution and change : environmentalism and the us chemical industry 1999.0 aj hoffman the academy of management journal    
an xml-enabled association rule framework lecture notes in computer science   l feng   t dillon   h weigand   e chang  2003.0 
social roles and their descriptions c masolo   l vieu   e bottazzi   c catenacci   r    
inhibition of flavonoid biosynthesis by gibberellic acid in cell suspension cultures of daucus w hinderer   m petersen   hu seitz  planta   1984.0 
anticytoplasmic antibodies in wegenerâ ?? s granulomatosis lancet i   1986.0 wl gross   g kiefer   h lehmann   
a structural analysis of resource allocation negotiations and implications for negotiation support jl mumpower   ta darling proceedings of the 24th annual hawaii international & hellip ;      
cytology of burkittâ ?? s lymphoma ( african lymphoma ) lancet i   rjv pulvertaft   
intelligentpad as meme media and its application to multimedia databases information and software technology   1996.0 y tanaka   
self-stabilizing real-time ops 5 production systems amk cheng   s fujii ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0    
p63 immunostaining in destained bronchoscopic cytological specimens v shtilbans   ah szporn   m wu   de burstein    
switching mode circuits for wireless applications r magoon 1997.0    
nutritional requirements of the predominant rumen cellulolytic bacteria fed . proc   1973.0 mp bryant   
slice dice and deliver c babcock  computerworld    
polynomial time solutions of some problems in abstract algebra k friedl   l ronyai  proc 17th acm  
economic integration in the americas : european perspectives a venables   l winters unpublished manuscript      
imaging spectroscopy of aerosols using a reference spectrum database s bojinski  2003.0 
fast scalable level four switching proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 98   vsgvs suri   m waldvogel   
a general hebbian learning for nonlinear neuron with application to laterally interconnected bl zhang   td gedeon & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems      
human rights education : a framework for social study from the interpersonal to the global j schmidt   p manson  social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
least squares problem with random regression coefficients sl sclove technical report no. 87   imsss   stanford university    
power spectrum of a sigma-delta modulator with hexagonal vector quantization and dc input g luckjiff   i dobson proc . int . symp . circuits  
query processing in main memory database management systems tj lehman   mj carey  proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1986.0 
target obstacles constraining studentsâ ?? understanding of the ozone â ?? holeâ ?? and the greenhouse v christidou   v koulaidis   t christidis  second world congress of nonlinear analysts   athens   greece    
supplier competition   uncertainty   and make-or-buy decisions g walker   d weber the academy of management journal   1987.0    
formal semantics for time m databases j chfford   d warren acm trans on database systems   vol8   no      
implementing new public policy in poland : barriers and stimuli a adamus-matuszynska journal of european area studies   2001.0 
the danger of replication and a solution procs . of acm sigmod international conf . on management of & hellip ;   j gary   p helland   po ` neil   d shasha   
candidate thesis in chemical sciences   nizhegorodsk technical university   nizhnii novgorod   ov vasil ` eva   
cache fusion : extending shared-disk clusters with shared caches proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   t lahiri   v srihari   w chan   n macnaughton   s  2001.0 
the two-dimensional steady motion of a viscous fluid phil . mag   gb jeffery   
multisite evaluations in criminal justice settings : structural obstacles to success wg skogan   aj lurigio new directions for program evaluation      
adaptive mesh refinementfor hyperbolic partial differential equations technical report manuscript na-83-02   stanford university   march jb marsha   
a graphical data manipulation language for an extented entity-relationship model b czedo   r elmasri   m rusinkiewicz  ieee computer    
xquery : a query language for xml . dd chamberlinâ ? ¦    
path integral approach to quantum physics : an introduction 1996.0 g roepstorff   
a goal-driven auto-configuration tool for the distributed workflow management system mentor-lite ( acm sigmod conf . on modeling of data ( sigmod )   dallas   texas   m gillmann   j weissenfels   g shegalov   w wonner   g   
a critique of ansi sql isolation levels j gray   uc berkeley   
noise reduction of switching-mode power converters by random-switching control t ninomiya   t tanaka   h kameda   k harada procs . of ipec-tokyo â ?? 90    
the membrane-cleaners interaction effect in ultrafiltration vo nwuha environment protection engineering   1992.0    
the rice parallel processing testbed rc covington   s madala   v mehta   jr jump   jb  proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmetrics conference on & hellip ;   1988.0 
pricing strategies under heterogeneous service requirements m mandjes  computer networks   2003.0 
caching and database scaling in distributed shared-nothing information retrieval systems a tomasic   h garcia-molina    
on the effect of join operations on relation sizes d gardy   c puech acm trans . database syst   1989.0    
the influence of velocity profile on ultrasonic flowmeter performance aga 1998 operations conference ta grimley seattle   washington ( may 17-19    
aspect-oriented programming of sparse matrix code lecture notes in computer science   j irwin   jm loingtier   jr gilbert   g kiczales   j  1997.0 
evaluating training in business and industry r brinkerhoff new directions in program evaluation    
dynamic routing strategies for wdm networks j spath computer  
data integration in the large : the challenge of reuse a rosenthal   lj seligman  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
similarity search in multimedia databases m patella    
modeling player session times of online games proc . acm netgames   f chang   w feng   
viscous effects in control of near-wall turbulence ss collis   y chang   s ramakrishnan submitted for publication      
place : protocol for location and coordinate estimation -- a wireless sensor network approach 2004.0 y zhang   l cheng computer networks    
implementing nonclassroom learning : management considerations . jf wartgow 1986.0  new directions for higher education    
fifteen years of raman spectroscopy of engineered heme containing peroxidases : what have we learned ? 2005.0 g smulevich   a feis   bd howes acc chem res    
improved query performance with variant indexes dq poâ ?? neil proceedings of sigmod    
fast joins using join indices z li   ka ross the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 
h. garcia-m olina   and j. widom . change detection in hierarchically structured information technical report   dept. of computer science   stanford university s chawathe   a rajaraman   
two types of verb particle constructions m vinka proceedings of the 23rd annual penn linguistics colloquium : & hellip ;    
refreshment policies for web content caches computer networks   2002.0 e cohen   h kaplan   
decreasing secular trends in the incidence of hip fracture in women in california : 1983-1992 asbmr   seattle   washington   september   t baholyodin   f philley   j bormel   dl schneider     
extramedullary fixation implants and external fixators for extracapsular hip fractures 2002.0 mj parker   hh handoll cochrane database syst rev    
seila   output analysis for simulation f andrew proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter    
tuned risc devices deliver top performance d bursky electronic  
mural : a formal development support system 1991.0 cb jonesâ ? ¦   
protocols are programs too : the meta-heuristic search for security protocols ja clark   jl jacob   
real-time control of the cmu direct drive arm ti using customized inverse dynamics proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference on decision and t kanade   pk klnosla   n tanaka   
distributing many points on a sphere eb saff   abj kuijlaars mathematical intelligencer   1997.0 
interfacing a query language to a codasyl dbms . rm tagg  sigmod record   1983.0 
a framework for linking culture and improvement initiatives in organizations jr detert   rg schroeder   jj mauriel 2000.0  academy of management review    
is policies target e-mail harassment . m bette   j maglitta    
business behavior   value and growth wj baumol  1959.0 
web search sites : lycos safetynet b falkinburg pc magazine online      
enabling full service surrogates using the portable channel representation 2002.0 m beck   t moore   l abrahamsson   c achouiantz   p computer networks    
course of acarine disease in the field g giordani proc . 26th int . apiculture congress   adelaide   australia      
nonparametric regression analysis of longitudinal data hg mã 1/4 ller 1988.0    
a high luminance and high luminous efficiency ac-pdp using high xe-content gas mixtures t yoshioka   a miyakoshi   a okigawa   e mizobata   k proc . int . display worshop      
the list_treeâ ?? an innovative solution to customer portfolio representation tj brown   pl kilpatrick   ita spence   d crookes   pj 2000.0  bt technology journal    
locating data sources in large distributed systems l galanis   y wang   sr jeffery   dj dewitt vldb     2003.0 
a neutral list of 10 combinational benchmark circuits and a target translator in fortran f brglez   h fujiwara proc . iscas      
a variant of the arrow distributed directory protocol with low average complexity d peleg   e reshef  proc . of the 26th int . colloquium on automata languages and & hellip ;    
regression modeling strategies fe harrell  2001.0 
reexamining organizational memory ms ackerman   ca halverson communications-acm   2000.0 
service de rã © conciliation pour la synchronisation de copies l chateigner   s chabridon    
parallel algorithms for relational database operations dj dewitt   d bitton   h boral   wk wilkinson  acm trans . on database systems    
the brazilian experience : the japanese immigrants during the period of the vargas regime and the pm fukunaga   1983.0 
tinysec : link layer encryption for tiny devices c karlof   n sastry   d wagner    
query optimization in star computer networks l kerschberg   pd ting   sb yao acm transactions on database systems   1982.0    
the discursive nature of environmental conflicts : the case of the oresund link hd linnros   po hallin area   2001.0    
a comparative study of mobility anchor point selection schemes in hierarchical mobile ipv6 networks s pack   t kwon   y choi    
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching   acm sigmod intl conference on management of data   a guttman   
a value pluralism model of ideological reasoning journal of personality and social psychology   pe tetlock   
synopsis of psychiatry   8th edn . williams & wilkins : baltimore md   hi kaplan   bj sadock   
enabling . enabling dynamic content caching for database-driven web sites acm ks candan   ws li   q luo   wp hsiung   d agrawal   
mobile agent technology for the management of distributed systems - a case study computer networks   2000.0 c raibulet   c demartini   
seer summary staging manual-2000 : codes and coding instructions   national cancer institute   nih pub . jl young jr   sd roffers   lag ries   ag fritz   aa  md    
the disposition effectâ ?? evidence on the investorsâ ?? aversion to realize losses proceedings of the 25 thannual colloquium   iarep   wien k heilmann   v lã $ ger   a oehler   
viroids in australian citrus mr gillings   p broadbent   bi gollnow   c lakeland proc . int . conf . citriculture    
an introduction to web services p muschamp  bt technology journal   2004.0 
diffusive representation of pseudo-differential time-operators g montseny 1998.0  esaim : proceedings    
assessing workplace learning : new trends and possibilities 1997.0 pl inman   s vernon new directions for adult and continuing education    
a new approach to interactive performance systems 2005.0 h kuå?cu   bt akgã 1/4 n proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
background characteristics of ge ( li ) detector in multilayer passive protection mg davydov   ib rakhmanov   ap mikhelev at .  
uncertainty modelling and structured singular value computation applied to an electro-mechanical iee proceedings-d   m steinbuch   jc terlouw   oh bosgra   sg smit  1992.0 
reducing energy consumption ofwireless   mobile devices using a secondary low-power channel 2003.0 e shih   v bahl   m sinclair   
bpr success or failure ? a business process reengineering project in the financial services industry ma larsen   md myers    
an introduction to structured modeling am geoffrion management science   1987.0 
new results on the computability and complexity of points-to-analysis vt chakaravarthy    
dynamics of ip traffic : a study of the role of variability and the impact of control   acm sigcomm a feldmann   ac gilbert   p huang   w willinger acm press   new    
certification programs for business and industry . tj settle  new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
multiple query processing in deductive databases using query graphs us chakravarthy 1986.0  vldb    
control flow analysis for thecalculus . concurrency theory ( concurâ ?? 98 ) c bodei   p degano   f nielson   hr nielson proceedings ( d. sangiorgi   r. de simone   eds . )    
partial covers of graphs j fiala   j kratochvãl 2002.0  discussiones mathematicae graph theory    
homology and residues for foliations mt benameur   v nistor submitted for    
results of crystal analysis l vegard  phil . mag    
breeam 98 for offices r baldwin   a yates   n howard   s roa isbn   1998.0 
improved query performance with variant indexes eon patrick   d quass  sigmod conference    
xquery implementation in a relational database system s pal   i cseri   o seeliger   m rys   g schaller   w submitted for  
fixit f echtler   h najafi   g klinker  demonstration at the international symposium on augmented & hellip ;    
establishing visions in context : toward a model of requirements processes proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   m jarke   k pohl  1993.0 
intranet . tvâ ?? automated multimedia content delivery rj jacobs   md walker   rim jeffery 2002.0  bt technology journal    
the academy   online classes   and the breach in ethics new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0 bw speck   
technologies for local area computer networks iw cotton computer networks    
thoughts on inverse orthogonal matrices jj sylvester phil . mag    
surfaces in range image understanding pj besl  1988.0 
completion of pilot wind energy survey in southern queensland cn jones   td berrill   po fries   1987.0 
the processing ` of information and structure . erlbaum   potomac wr garner md      
understanding why problem behaviors occur : a guide for assisting parents in assessing causes of wd frea   lk koegel   rl koegel  1994.0 
fast search in main memory databases aa ap   s pramanik proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
identity   predication and connectivity in pseudoclefts c heycock   a kroch 19th glow colloquium   athens   greece   april      
software tools for the calculation of lightning-induced voltages on complex distribution systems a borghetti   ja gutierrez   ca nucci   m paolone   e  proc . of 26th int . conf . on lightning protection   iclp   & hellip ;    
a symbolic representation of time series   with implications for streaming algorithms proceedings of the 8th acm sigmod workshop on research & hellip ;   2003.0 j lin   e keogh   s lonardi   b chiu   
perspectives on â ?? personal identityâ ?? c raab 2005.0  bt technology journal    
s. ahmad   m. s & zakaria   n   a. ( 2002 a ) . integrating gis with hydraulic and sediment transport model s sinnakaudan   a ab ghani  proceedings   r & d colloquium on river engineering and urban  
proton-neutron symmetry in boson models of nuclear structure ( abstract only ) oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 po lipas   
introduction to infrared and raman spectroscopy   academic nb colthup   lh daly   se wiberley  san  
breakdown of local equivalence between sparse solution and 1 minimization y tsaig   dl donoho  technical report   department of statistics   stanford university    
on the expressivity of a weakest precondition calculus for a simple data-parallel programming lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 l bouge   y le guyadec   g uiard   b virot   
performance evaluation of a hybrid run-time management policy for data intensive web sites c bouras   a konidaris world wide web   2003.0    
xml-enabled workflow management for e-services across heterogeneous platforms 2001.0 g shegalov   m gillmann   g weikum the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;    
jp bouchaud   and m. mezard j. phys . i   l balentsâ ? ¦   
neil   and d. shasha . the dangers of replication and a solution j gray   p helland   p oã cents proceedings of the acm sigmod  
targeted disruption of atf 4 discloses its essential role in the formation of eye lens fibres genes to cells   t tanaka   t tsujimura   k takeda   a sugihara   a  1998.0 
too much of a good thing a hickman   j kaufthal   c levin   m perenson   s pc magazine ( 7 october )      
j.   davidson   a.   hench   s. and olano   tm : â ?? 3dm : a three dimensional modeler using a head-mounted ii butterworth  proc . acm inteructibbe 30  
intelligent supervision of servo control & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1993.0 mh perng   hh chang   
a secure hierarchical model for sensor network m tubaishat   j yin   b panja   s madria 2004.0  sigmod record    
wholesale electricity trading in the deregulated german electricity market-results and insights from s strecker   c weinhardt cdrom proceedings   24th annual iaee international conference & hellip ;    
active learning in continuing professional education : the challenge of leadership . jc novak 1992.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
sparse correlation kernel based signal reconstruction technical report 1635   artificial intelligence laboratory   c papageorgiou   f girosi   t poggio   
absolute yield and spectrum of neutrons from the reaction 7 li ( p   n ) 7 be vn kononov   ed poletaev   bd yurlov at .    
topological analysis of online auction markets electronic markets   jk ho  2004.0 
contorting high dimensional data for efficient main memory knn processing proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 b cui   bc ooi   j su   kl tan   
a knowledge representation system for integration of general knowledge and case-specific knowledge a aamodt procs . int . conf . on tools with artificial intelligence      
better boundsfor online scheduling s albers proc . 29th acm stoc    
calculating stack distances efficiently g almasi   c cascaval   da padua   
query processing in main memory database systems tj lehman   mj carey  proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
linking management behavior to ethical philosophy -- an empirical investigation 1984.0 dj fritzsche   h becker the academy of management journal    
finite elements in computational mechanics . vol . 1 t kant 1985.0  bombay   india   2-6 dec. 1985    
arvind . id : a language with implicit parallelism . csg memo 305   computation structures group rs nikhil 1990.0    
state history and african american history : an interdisciplinary civil rights approach 1997.0 ea yeager   fh doppen   eb otani social studies and the young learner    
social studies online resources . media corner . j wilsonâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner     1995.0 
performance of data-parallel spat ial operations eg hoelt   h samet   
managing uncertainty in sensor databases r cheng   s prabhakar  sigmod record   2003.0 
an imprecise real-time image magnification algorithm proc . int &#39; l conf . multimedia systems   ld nguyen   amk cheng   
project management in the information systems and information technologies industries f hartman   ra ashrafi project management journal     2002.0 
role of antibodies to b lymphocytes in renal transplantation transplant proc   1977.0 rb ettenger   pi terasaki   a ting   mh malekzadeh     
continuous k-nearest neighbor queries for continuously moving points with updates gs iwerks   h samet   k smith proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
existence results for superlinear semipositone boundary value problems v anuradha   dd hai   r shivaji proc . ams    
clinical spectrum of familial hibernian fever : a 14-year follow-up study of the index case and em mcdermott   dm smillie   rj powell mayo clinic proceedings   1997.0 
improved algorithm for the deinterleaving of radar pulses dj milojevic   bm popovic iee proceedings   1992.0    
control of locked mode position in rfx g chitarin   r piovan   p sonato   g zollino proceedings of the 25â ?? â ?? eps conference on plasma physics & hellip ;    
individualism and collectivism : cross-cultural perspectives on self-ingroup relationships hc triandis   r bontempo   mj villareal   m asai   n journal of personality and social psychology     1988.0 
toxic contaminants in puget sound wildlife j calambokidis   jb buchanan   gh steiger   jr us environmental protection agency   seattle   washington      
virtual showcases-presenting european cultural heritage j voskamp   s mader  proceedings of acm siggraph    
multilingual web sites promise big payoffs . a hickman   c levin  pc magazine online    
birdweb and birds of washington maps k cassidy  seattle audubon society   seattle   washington . online version & hellip ;    
aml-1   a target of multiple chromosomal translocations in acute leukemia   interacts with msin3 and submitted for b lutterbach   jj westendorf   b linggi   e seto   sw   
random access file organization for indirectly accessed records ca olsen proceedings 1969 acm 24th national  
linking departmental and institutional mission jk haynes  new directions for higher education   2002.0 
the north american breeding bird survey results and analysis . version 96.3 patuxent wildlife jr sauer   je hines   
are speech recognisers still 98 accurate   or has the time come to repeal ` hyde 's law ' ? rd johnston 1996.0  bt technology journal    
thermal spread in a pyroelectric vidicon with a pressed contact target interface & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   rm logan  1976.0 
laser welding thin sheets for car body structures m cantello   sl gobbi   jf flavenot   a diboine  & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry   proceedings   25 th & hellip ;   1992.0 
interactive error repair for an online handwriting interface [ a ] h wolfgang   j yang  proceedings of acm  
design with digital tools   mcgraw hill   2000 m von wodtke    
history mystery : a documents-based lesson on women 's rights as libresco 2000.0  social studies and the young learner    
recursive definitions of partial functions and their computations jm cadiou   z manna  proceedings of acm conference on proving assertions about & hellip ;   1972.0 
algorithms for imprecise computations jws liu   kj lin   wk shih   ac yu   jy chung   w zhao ieee computer    
managing advanced databases : concurrency   recovery   and cooperation in scientific applications g alonso 1995.0    
c compiler design for an industrial network processor j wagner   r leupers   
the phonology and morphology of the tanacross athabaskan language g holton    
developing a successful information and communication technology industry : the role of venture t vinig   r blocq   j braafhart   o laufer    
tension and information systems r veryard  information and software technology   1987.0 
conceptual graphs and formal concept analysis lecture notes in computer science   r wille  1997.0 
experimental validation in software technology mv zelkowitz   d wallace  information and software technology    
propriete de helly et problemes de representation p duchet  proc . int . coll . cnrs    
protection of documents t matsumoto submitted for  
precomputed shadow fields for dynamic scenes k zhou   y hu   s lin   b guo   hy shum proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0    
a computer model of the human arm to study the control of fes-assisted reaching r davoodi   ge loeb proceedings of the 24th annual international conference of & hellip ;   2002.0    
enabling qos adaptation decisions for internet applications sn bhatti   g knight 1999.0  computer networks    
learning communitiesâ ?? understanding information flow in human networks a pentland 2004.0  bt technology journal    
motivation with a mission : understanding motivation and culture in workshop design new directions for adult and continuing education   rj wlodkowski  1997.0 
articialneuralnetworks : atutorial ieee computer   ak jain   j mao   km mohiuddin   
using shared virtual memory for parallel join processing a shatdal   jf naughton   
differing perspectives of evaluation e chelimsky new directions for program evaluation      
gender differences in the accuracy of self-evaluations of performance journal of personality and social psychology   s beyer   
one-sided recursions jf naughton 1987.0  proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;    
computing frequent itemsets inside oracle 10g w li   a mozes   
parse selection on the redwoods corpus : 3rd growth results 2003.0 k toutanova   cd manning   s oepen   d flickinger   
xquery 1.0 : an xml query language s boag   d chamberlin   mf fernandez   d florescu   j  w3c working draft    
the design of an acquisitional query processor for sensor networks 2003.0 s madden   mj franklin   jm hellerstein   w hong sigmod conference    
wesco/ic expo 98 delves into system-on-a-chip lssues j desposito   1998.0 
data and knowledge representation models of distributed frame systems d soshnikov proc . of pre-conference workshop of vldb-2003â ?? emerging  
field arithmetic md fried   m jarden   1986.0 
access versus holdings : document deliver realities 1999.0 f boyle   m davies electronic library    
directory based information collection for qos provisioning in dynamic multimedia environments z fu   n venkatasubramania  submitted for  
robert j. rickelman if appointment 1976.0    
a term calculus for intuitionistic linear logic 1993.0 n benton   g bierman   v de paiva   m hyland lecture notes in computer science    
sb-igfet : an insulated-gate field-effect transistor using schottky barrier contacts for source and proc . ieee   mp lepselter   sm sze   
citation linking : improving access to online journals s hitchcock   l carr   j hey   w hall    
spatial approval voting jf laslier   
inborn errors in vitamin d metabolism-their contribution to the understanding of vitamin d & hellip ; . proceedings of the seventh workshop on vitamin d. new york & hellip ;   ua lieberman   
smart box architecture : a hybrid solution for ip qos provisioning b yener   g su   e gabber  computer networks   2001.0 
environmental hazards : the challenge of change geography   d jones   
change detection in hierarchically structured information . available by anonymous ftp from db s chawathe   a rajaraman   h garcia-molina   j widom 1995.0    
asope and the fabled promise of process knowledge capture and reuse sg thompson   br odgers   e kendall 1999.0  bt technology journal    
magnitude and spatial distribution of urban flammable materials in the san jose area   california ds simonett   1986.0 
gral : an extensible relational database system for geometric applications   15th int conf . on very large data bases   rh gã 1/4 ting   
detection of extreme waves in sar images and radar-image sequences h dankert   j horstmann   w rosenthal   
much ado about shared-nothing sigmod record   1996.0 mg norman   t zurek   p thanisch   
lecture notes on arithmetic algorithms ge collins university of wisconsin    
negative ecological effects of the musk thistle biocontrol agent   rhinocyllus conicus frã ¶ l see ref   sm louda   
generating all permutations by graphical derangements df rall   pj slater unpublished manuscript      
her-2 / neu genomic aberrations in pituitary carcinoma v nosã ©   bw scheithauer   vl lloyd   k kovacs   e & hellip ; 8th pituitary pathology meeting   delphi-athens   greece    
an effective tableau system for the linear timeâµ-calculus proceedings of the 23rd international colloquium on automata & hellip ;   jc bradfield   j esparza   a mader  1996.0 
security of signed elgamal encryption 2000.0 cp schnorr   m jakobsson lecture notes in computer science    
safe data sharing and data dissemination on smart devices l bouganim   c cremarenco   fd ngoc   n dieu   p proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     2005.0 
gisicas : a gis-interfaced computational-process model for activity scheduling in advanced traveler mp kwan  1994.0 
orthogonal optimization of subqueries and aggregation sigmod conference   2001.0 ca galindo-legaria   m joshi   
effects of treatment with cyclosporine   fk 506   rapamycin   mycophenolic acid   or deoxyspergualin on transplantation proceedings   cr gregory   re pratt   p huie   r shorthouseâ ? ¦  1993.0 
the national defense center for environmental excellence ( ndcee ) - concurrent technologies corporation mb pavlik tri-service demonstration and validation of the flashjetâ ®  
tri-national in an acquisition mode : activity picking up at two major baja california resorts tk biberman san diego transcript    
the use of regression methodology for the compromise of confidential information in statistical ma palley   js simonoff acm transactions on database systems     1987.0 
m-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metric t ciaccia   m patella   p zezula proc . 23rd int . conf . on vldb      
external cephalic version facilitation for breech presentation at term 2001.0 gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev    
concurrency control issues m nested transactwns t haerder   k rothermel  research report   ibm almaden research laboratory   san jose    
laser-based alignment system for the j-parc linac m ikegami   y higashi   h tanaka   kek takao kato   j   
cache conscious algorithms for relational query processing proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   a shatdal   c kant   jf naughton  1994.0 
software requirements e wiegers karl  2003.0 
identification of errors in software requirements through use of automated requirements tools js davis   1989.0 
arithmetic and algebra   continuity or cognitive break ? proceedings of the 25 thconference of the pme . utrecht nl   m cerulli   ma mariotti   
reasoning in metaphor understanding : the att-meta approach and system j barnden   s glasbey   m lee   a wallington   ja    
evaluation of combinatorial file orgenization schemes h ikeda 1977.0  vldb    
o 2 : an object-oriented formal data model proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of c lecluse   p richard   f vãªlez   
scalable data naming for application level framing in reliable multicast s raman   s mccanne   
mining large itemsets for association rules cc aggarwal   ps yu    
brown . graphical fisheyeviews ofgraphs ms march  proceedings of acm  
irrigating fluids and their absorption and exceretion during transurethral resection of the prostate po madsen university of    
an efficient algorithm for mining frequent sequences by a new strategy without support counting dycyh wu   alp chen  data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
116 : limitation of exposure to ionizing radiation . national council on radiation protection and n report md      
bottom-up query evaluation in extended deductive databases s brass    
advanced statistical methods in biometric research cr rao 1952.0    
components of the online classroom zl berge new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0 
introducing software architecture specification and analysis in sam through an example j wang   x he   y deng 1999.0  information and software technology    
a list of the marine mammals of the world 1977.0 dw rice   
neo-classical architecture in greece in traulos   1967.0 
understanding gprs : the gsm packet radio service b ghribi   l logrippo computer networks   2000.0 
implementing proportional rotating schedules nb heller proc . acm urban symposium      
delay the teaching of arithmetic ? a gleason unpublished  
performance evaluation and comparison of different modulation schemes for uwb multiaccess systems g durisi   s benedetto   
network-aware query processing for stream-based applications proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   y ahmad   u cetintemel  2004.0 
measuring results of health sector reform for system performance : a handbook of indicators . bethesda jc knowles   c leighton   w stinson md    
transnational structures and protest : linking theories and assessing evidence gm maney  mobilization-san diego -   2001.0 
a neutral netlist of 10 combinatorial benchmark circuits and a target translator in fortran proc . iscas   f brglez   h fujiwara   
on division and reciprocal caches technical report csl-tr-95-666   stanford university   apr. . sf obennan   mj flynn   
fast search in main memory databases a analyti   s pramanik  proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
the frequent use of unemployment insurance in canada s schwartz    
main schema-external schema interaction in hierarchically organized data bases ag dale   nb dale    
comparison of cache and scratch-pad based memory systems with respect to performance r banakar   s steinke   b lee   m balakrishnan   p area and energy consumption '' tr      
a log-structured history data access method ( lham ) eon patrick   g weikum   1993.0 
gender   the home-work link   and space-time patterns of nonemployment activities mp kwan 1999.0  economic geography    
can formal methods always deliver ieee computer   n fenton   sl pfleeger   
java support for data-intensive systems : experiences building the telegraph dataflow system ma shah   jm hellerstein 2001.0  sigmod record    
critical and postmodern perspectives on adult learning 2001.0 dw kilgore new directions for adult and continuing education    
rtrees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching 1984.0 a guttman   
larch prover : online help mit laboratory for computer sj garland   jv guttag   
latent semantic analysis passes the test : knowledge representation and multiple-choice testing unpublished manuscript   tk landauer   pw foltz   d laham   
descriptive name services for large internets jj ordille  1993.0 
the danger of replicationand a solution j gray   p helland   po ` neil   d shasha  acm sigmod int . conf on management of data   montreal   june    
on the series spectrum of hydrogen and the structure of the atomâ ?? phil . mag   n bohr   
assessing the socioeconomic impact of improved treatment of head and spinal cord injuries journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 m berkowitz   
the grimke sisters from south carolina : pioneers for womenâ ?? s rights and abolition ( 1967 ; oxford : dixon   gl see   
policy-based quality of service and security management for multimedia services on ip networks in g valrie   d sandrine   k brigitte   d gladys   h eric mmns 2002 ifip/ieee international conference on management & hellip ;      
lazy induction of descriptions for relational case-based learning . in de raedt   l. & flach   p. e armengol   e plaza machine learning : ecml-2001      
programming ado d sceppa   2000.0 
the roles of expression and representation in language evolution jr hurford    
distance browsing in spatial databases acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   t sellis   n roussopoulos   
an opttmrtcng prolog frontend to a relatconal query system proceedings of the 1984 acmsigmod international conference & hellip ;   m jarke   j clifford   y vasslhou   
statistics on views ca galindo-legaria   mm joshi   f waas   mc wu  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
data staging for on-demand broadcast d aksoy   mj franklin   s zdonik 2001.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
inhabited intelligent environments v callaghan   g clarke   m colley   h hagras   jsy 2004.0  bt technology journal    
greening disease of citrus in the deccan trap country and its relationship with the vector   sp capoor   dg rao   sm viswanath see ref      
airway obstruction following canebrake rattlesnake envenomation journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 w kerns   
distance-basedindexing for high dimensional metric spaces proc . of sigmod   tbm ozsoyoglu   
a study on the management of semantic transaction for efficient data retrieval sm huang   i kwan   ch li sigmod record   2002.0    
communications for the construction industry gw popple   sp towndrow 1994.0  bt technology journal    
list of acronymns atm apon  bt technology journal   2000.0 
all but 49 numbers are wiener indices of trees h wang   g yu    
robotised applications using solid state laser for the automotive industry & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry   proceedings   25 th & hellip ;   m dorronsoro  1992.0 
j. widom change detection in hierarchically structured information s chawathe   a rajaraman   h garcia-molina proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of    
beneficial reuse of foundry sand in controlled low strength materials ( clsm ) j spoerl   t green  final report   demonstration  
uml gains ground : what are people using the unified modeling language for ? how much of the language d melewski application development trends     1998.0 
rhythmic robot control using oscillators   in â ?? irosâ ?? 98â ?? mm williamson 1998.0    
the formula value problem is in alogtime sr buss proc . 19th acm stoc      
contemporary trends in social studies . rj cardis   cf risinger 1994.0  social studies and the young learner    
1989   fast sparse matrix factorization on modern workstations ' technical report stan-cs-89-1286   stanford university   stanford   e rothberg   a gupta   
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions y alon   ar levy   jo joann the proc . of the int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )   & hellip ;      
laser processing and chemistry d bauerle   d bauerle  2000.0 
data modelers   bpm gradually unite 2003.0 l gates application development trends    
approximation algorithms for minimum cost embeddings of graphs in the plane hmd hansen   1989.0 
grins : a graphical interface for creating and playing smil documents dca bulterman   l hardman   j jansen   ks mullender   www7 / computer networks   1998.0 
university buildings and energy-problems and perspectives e trianti   s stournas   c younis   p schoinas technical chamber of greece   conf . proceedings   athens   & hellip ;    
run-time management of data intensive web sites webdb ( informal proceedings )   d florescu   a levy   d suciu   k yagoub  1999.0 
a knowledge acquisition tool for intelligent computer tutors acm sigart bulletin   t murray   bp woolf  1991.0 
the scaling hypothesis : simplifying the prediction of network performance using scaled-down k psounis   r pan   b prabhakar   d wischik   
classification of 2 and 3 dimensional mds codes for 4â ? $ qâ ? $ 32 g keri    
begey 's manual of determinative bacteriology   8th edn . williams and wilkins : baltimore md   re buchanan   ne gibbons   
tourism and human rights t concern isbn    
incremental processing in japanese sentence processing : evidence from event-related brain potentials h oishi   t sakamoto unpublished  
efficient 3-d range searching in external memory j vitter    
tourism in france : recent trends in winter sports geography   j tuppen   
reconstruction of evolutionary trees from pairwise distributions on current species jt chang   ja hartigan   
the failings of distance learning m deakin computerworld      
theoretical linguistics : an introduction to modern linguistics g babiniotis 1980.0    
a goal-driven auto-configuration tool for the distributed workflow management system mentor-lite m gillmann   j weissenfels   g shegalov   w wonner   g sigmod conference   2000.0 
a feature-based algorithms for detecting and classifving scene breaks . z ramin   m justin   m kevin   1995.0 
aatp : auction agent transfer protocol gus chkaiban  electronic markets   2000.0 
source characteristics   petrogenesis and evolution of the lile-enriched granitic terrain of the mv subba rao   v divakara rao   v balaram   t proc . 28th annual convention and the seminar on â ?? & hellip ;      
first online data privacy law looms in california j vijayan computerworld    
the spatial distribution of turloughs irish geography   ce coxon   
hector : a hierarchically structured shared-memory multiprocessor zg vranesic   m stumm   dm lewis   r white   
role of pyruvate in oxidative stress-induced effects on human sperm energy metabolism sc sikka   ss shah   a baratta   wjg hellstrom & hellip ; international congress of andrology   montreal   canada   june      
a fast software implementation for arithmetic operations in gf ( 2 ^ n ) lecture notes in computer science   e de win   a bosselaers   s vandenberghe   p de  1996.0 
logical design of relational database schemes ly yuan   zm ozsoyoglu    
study of double-stage anode layer thruster using inert gases so tverdokhlebov proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion    
dbms selection and evaluation : perspectives and practical issues b berlin   
client-based access control management for xml documents proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   l bouganim   fd ngoc   p pucheral  2004.0 
proximity matching using fixed-queries trees ra baeza-yates   w cunto   u manber   s wu lecture notes in computer science     1994.0 
efficient indexing methods for probabilistic threshold queries over uncertain data r cheng   y xia   s prabhakar   r shah   js vitter 2004.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
a software system for locating mobile users : design   evaluation   and lessons   2000 revised version of microsoft research technical report msr - p bahl   vn padmanabhan   a balachandran   
an improved technique for electrolytic colouration of alkali halide crystals ( abstract only ) p raerinne   p ketolainen 1991.0  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
assembly with robots in presence of uncertainty r suarez   l basanez  proc . int . symp . industrial robots    
better batteries for low-power jobs d maliniak electronic design      
advanced trauma life support training for ambulance crews cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 d sethi   i kwan   am kelly   i roberts   f bunn   
anti-m monoclonal antibodies cross-reacting with variant m ^ g antigen : an example of modulation of e jaskiewicz   m czerwinski   d syper   e lisowska   
database system issues in nomadic computing r alonso   hf korth    
official methods of analysis   17th ed.   aoac international   gaithersburg md   w horwitz   
s.   & han   j. ( 2000 ) . pushing support constraints into association mining z wang & hellip ; conference on very large data bases ( vldb &#39; 00 )   cairo      
distributed decision support systems : a perspective eb swanson proceedings of the 24th annual hawaii international & hellip ;   1990.0    
color quantization by dynamic programming and principal analysis 1992.0 x wu acm transactions on graphics ( tog )    
power-factor correction with interleaved boost converters in continuous-inductor mode proc . applied power electronics conf   l balogh   r redl  1993.0 
xquery : a query language for xml . w3c working draft d chamberlin   d florescu   j robie   m stefanescu    
parallel querying with non-dedicated computers v raman   w han   i narang proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0    
citrus greening disease   a serious limiting factor for citriculture in asia and africa b aubert proc . int . soc . citriculture    
the geography of contemporary china : inventory and prospect k chang    
closet + : searching for the best strategies for mining frequent closed itemsets j wang   j han   j pei    
field . phototoc : automatic clustering for browsing personal photographs jc platt   m czerwinski   a brent technical report 17   microsoft research   1 microsoft way      
a parallel software package for solving linear systems cd scarbnick   mc chang   mh schultz   ab sherman   
cognitive processes mediating behavioral change a bandura   ne adams   j beyer journal of personality and social psychology   1977.0 
highly-available   fault-tolerant   parallel dataflows ma shah  acm sigmod conference   2004.0 
robust classification for imprecise environments f provost   t fawcett machine learning     2001.0 
poâ ?? neil   and d. shasha . the dangers of replication and a solution acm sigmod conf . on management of data   canada   j gray   p helland   
multiresolution signal processing for meshes i guskov   w sweldens   p schroder    
the dangers of replication j gray   p helland   poâ ?? neil   d shasha proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;      
on the immersion problem for 2 r-torsion lens spaces submitted for j gonzalez   ta shimkus   
you too can be an overclocker b machrone pc magazine      
infrared and raman spectra of inorganic and coordination compounds 3rd ed k nakamoto 1978.0    
a faculty code is not a coda . new directions for higher education   rm o'neil  1974.0 
new development in on - / in-line systems using infrared and raman spectroscopy l rudzik   e wã 1/4 st proceedings of the â ?? 25 thinternational dairy congressâ ??   & hellip ;      
1992 . a qualitative comparison study of data structures for large segment databases proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of eg hoel   h samet   
the network workbench : network simulation software for academic investigation of internet concepts jm pullen computer networks   2000.0 
earlyexperiencewithmessage-passingontheshrimp multicomputer ew felten   rd alpert   a bilas   ma blumrich   dw proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on computer & hellip ;      
picodbms : scaling down database techniques for the smartcard the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   p pucheral   l bouganim   p valduriez   c bobineau  2001.0 
down in the digits : year 2000 conversion techniques m franke   mc gehr application development trends     1997.0 
hybridization in certain brazilian fringillidae ( sporophila and oryzoborus ) h sick proc . int . ornithol . congr    
women in the information technology industry : a western australian view loâ ?? neill-cooper   ea walker  proceedings of the 14 thecis 2001 conference   25-26 june    
end-users searching the online catalogue : the influence of domain and system knowledge on search electronic library   md kiestra  1994.0 
m-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metric spaces p ciaccia vldb   1997.0 
the design and evaluation of a query processing architecture for sensor networks sr madden   2003.0 
factors that influence career uncertainty in high school students lm schmidt 2001.0    
continuously adaptive continuous queries over streams s madden   ma shah   jm hellerstein   
plasma : a planetary scale monitoring architecture d aksoy  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
parent-mediated early intervention for young children with autism spectrum disorder 2003.0 t diggle   hr mcconachie   vr randle cochrane database syst rev    
hot action at work : a different understanding ofâ ?? understandingâ ?? d beckett  new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
on using orthogonal functions for the analysis of singular systems w marszalek iee proceedings    
self-assessment of performance in software inspection processes information and software technology   2004.0 z yin   a dunsmore   j miller   
a comparison of two approaches for simulating lake-ground water interactions with modflow sk nair   mm wilsnack proceedings for modflowâ ?? 98      
best approximation in normed linear spaces by elements of linear subspaces 1970.0 i singer   
numerical solution of two dimensional scattering problems using a transmission line matrix pb johns   rl beurle proc . iee      
a graphical environment for temporal reasoning g kutty   1994.0 
the valuation effects of equity issues and the level of institutional ownership : evidence from pa brous   o kini    
intelligent support for epidemiological research through an organizational memory information system f burstein   h linger   a zaslavsky   n crofts   c    
the implications of online investing p konana   nm menon   s balasubramanian communications-acm     2000.0 
learned helplessness in children : a longitudinal study of depression   achievement   and explanatory 1986.0 s nolen-hoeksema   js girgus   mep seligman journal of personality and social psychology    
radiolarian and diatom fluxes in two california borderland basins as indices of climate variability 1994.0 al weinheimer   
a software system for locating mobile users : design   evaluation p bahl   vn padmanabhan   a balachandran and lessons . technical report   microsoft research   msr-tr-2000 -  
decomposing k-arc-strong tournaments into arc-disjoint spanning subdigraphs ( 2001 ) j bang-jensen   a yeo   
timing and volume of fluid administration for patients with bleeding i kwan   f bunn   i roberts cochrane database syst rev    
ncsaâ ?? s world wide web server : design and performance r mcgrath   t kwan   d reed ieee computer      
stratigraphy of plioceneâ ?? quaternary deposits of baikal depression and main geological events vd mats   ga vorobyova   sm popova   mk shimaraeva  quaternary : stratigraphy . proc 28th igc . nauka   moscow    
improved query performance with variant indexes   d quass    
the velocity of sound in liquids at high frequencies by the sonic interferometer phil . mag   jc hubbard   al loomis   
estimation of the effect of desulfotomaculum ruminis bacteria on the process of degradation of z domagala   f domka environment protection    
approximate similarity queries : a survey p ciaccia   m patella   
deformation and volcanism in western turkey and the aegean d mckenzie   y yilmaz  bull . technical university of istanbul    
a class meetings approach to classroom cohesiveness . perspectives . f miller social studies and the young learner   1997.0 
intelligent control for automated vehicles : a decision aiding method for coordination of multiple nd geddes   rj lee proceedings of auvsiâ ?? 98 25 thannual symposium and & hellip ;    
fast computation of shadow boundaries using spatial coherenceand backprojections j stewart   s ghali proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 94    
asymptotic limits of a ginzburg-landau type functional mc hong   j jost   m struwe to    
high temp . mater s mrowec   k przybylski proc    
a dislocation reaction in the face-centred cubic lattice phil . mag   wm lomer   
a methodologic guide-line for the instalation of data base development tools and data administration 1979.0 hm quintella   fr leao vldb    
analysis of plasticizers and their metabolites in body fluids and infusates by stir bar sorptive hg wahl   c peterfi   a hoffmann   hm liebich & hellip ; d28   proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on  
statistical comparison and evaluation of pilot protection schemes eo schweitzer iii   jj kumm    
infinitary control flow analysis : a collecting semantics for closure analysis 1997.0 f nielson   hr nielson proceedings of the 24th acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ;    
online dokumentation v basic 1997.0    
neil und p. oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil : a critique of ansi sql isolation levels proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference h berenson   p bernstein   j gray   jme oã cents   
nonverbal affect responses to male and female leaders : implications for leadership evaluations d butler   fl geis journal of personality and social psychology    
. 8th east-european conference on advances in databases and information systems ( adbis-04 )   22-25 a albani   b bazijanec   k turowski   c winnewisser  budapest   hungary    
dual-pumping schemes for efficient thulium-doped tellurite fiber amplifiers a cucinotta   f poli   s selleri  proc . 29th eur . conf . optical  
service-oriented bi : towards tight integration of business intelligence into operational m dill   a kraiss   s sigg   t zurek 2004.0  proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
on a limitation of ban logic c boyd   w mao lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
network processor requirements and benchmarking computer networks   f arts   p barri   i clemminck   a niemegeers   b  2003.0 
arithmetic or algebra ? w doorenâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 25 thconference of the pme . utrecht nl      
the motion of a sphere in a viscous fluid hs allen  phil . mag    
report on the lgth razilian symposium on databases ( sbbd 2004 ) sc lifschitz   ahf laender  sigmod record   2005.0 
an evaluation of evolved term-weighting schemes in information retrieval r cummins   coâ ?? riordan 2005.0  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
muslims refuse to worship in dome . v combe electronic telegraph      
modal analysis of aeroelastic response of a hovering rotor - the impact of the mode choice 1999.0 m gennaretti   a corbelli   f mastroddi   l balis european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.    
statistical sampling strategies procs nea workshop on uncertainty analysis for performance & hellip ;   th andres   
fotochemische theorie des atmosph/irischen ozons unter berlicksichtigung von nichtgleichgewichtszust ph. d. thesis   university of zurich   switzerland hu dotsch   
change detection in hierarchically structured information sigmod conference   1996.0 ss chawathe   a rajaraman   h garcia-molina   j widom   
lixquery : a formal foundation for xquery research j hidders   p michiels   j paredaens   r vercammen sigmod record   2005.0    
wright mh usersâ ?? s guide for npsol ( version 4.0 ) : a fortran package for non-linear programming technical report   department of operations research   stanford pe gill   w murray   ma saunders   
an anytime algorithm for scheduling of aircraft landing times using genetic algorithms v ciesielski   p scerri & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems     1997.0 
r-trees : a dynamic index structurefor spatial searching proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of a guttman   
national storage industry consortium and optoelectronics industry development association noods roadmap san diego      
a controlled trial of verapamil in patients after acute myocardial infarction : results of the f rengo   p carbonin   m pahor 1996.0  journal of emergency medicine    
methods of external exposure dosimetry and their application dsc thesis f spurny czech technical university prague      
arcojp : an architecture for comparing joins in parallel procs brazilian symposium of databases ( sbbd )   f freitas   s lifschitz   jaf macedo   
man 's impact on the environment : some recent perspectives . f oldfield 1983.0  geography    
symmetries in graph coding problem proc . nw76 acm/cipc pac . symp   t beyer   a proskurowski   
main chamber neutral pressure in alcator c-mod and jet cs pitcher   
evaluation of the main variables that affect citrus tristeza virus transmission by aphids m bar-joseph   b roccah   g loebenstein  proc . int . soc . citriculture    
effect of thermal processing on the texture of canned peaches j billis 1988.0    
a case study : linking students across geographical and cultural distances sj romanoff new directions for teaching and learning   2003.0 
matchmaking frameworks for distributed resource management 2001.0 r raman   
lattice decoded nested codes achieve the poltyrev exponent u erez   r zamir    
information source selection for resource constrained environments d aksoy 2005.0  sigmod record    
exhaust pressure modelling for feedforward active control of internal combustion engine exhaust g hong proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   1999.0 
intra-uterine versus cervical insemination of donor sperm for subfertility po ` brien   p vandekerckhove cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
social issues in requirements engineering   in proceedings of reâ ?? 93 j goguen san    
star-cubing : computing iceberg cubes by top-down and bottom-up integration proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   d xin   j han   x li   bw wah  2003.0 
hardware roundup : a look at 98 systems from 17 vendors t henkel    
rights protection for relational data r sion    
design of high gain fully-integrated distributed amplifiers in 0.35 âµ m cmos r amaya   c plett    
criteria for evaluation of data communications services ds grubb   iw cotton  computer networks    
a data warehousing architecture for enabling service provisioning process y kotidis 2001.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
constraint management in loosely coupled distributed databases ss chawathe   h garcia-molina   j widom    
identifying exemplary teaching : using data from course and teacher evaluations 1996.0 ka feldman new directions for teaching and learning    
asymptotic results for multiplexing subexponential on-o sources submitted for pr jelenkovic   aa lazar   
mixture reduction algorithms for target tracking in clutter dj salmond 1990.0  proc . spie    
biophysical profile for fetal assessment in high risk pregnancies cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 z alfirevic   jp neilson   
on the convergence of temporal-difference learning with linear function approximation v tadiä ? machine learning   2001.0 
purely relational flwors t grust proc . of the acm sigmod/pods 2nd intâ ?? l workshop on xquery & hellip ;   2005.0 
locating globalization : feminist ( re ) readings of the subjects and spaces of globalization r nagar   v lawson   l mcdowell   s hanson    
theoretical and experimental study of a power split continuously variable transmission system part g mantriota proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0    
simple algorithm for robust pole assignment in linear output feedback gr duan    
the role of teacher as mentor lj zachary new directions for adult and continuing education     2002.0 
incorporating query term dependencies in language models for document retrieval m srikanth   r srihari   
jo querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions ay levy   a rajaraman proceedings of the 22th international conference on very    
neutron generation in an extended lead target va voronko   vm dâ ?? yachenko   kd tolstovâ ? ¦  at .  
trans-european effects of â ?? trans-european networksâ ?? : a spatial cge analysis j brã ¶ cker technical university dresden   mimeo      
urban water reuse in australia r williams & hellip ; of case studies and demonstration projects in : american & hellip ;    
in-service evaluations of experimental traffic barriers : an interim report 1986.0 ca leonin   rd powers   
formal semantics and analysis of object queries gm bierman    
perspectives from the history and the politics of bilingualism and bilingual education in the united k hakuta   ef mostafapour  see parasnis   1996.0 
cis   a cytokine inducible sh2 protein   is a target of the jak-stat5 pathway and modulates stat5 a matsumoto   m masuhara   k mitsui   m yokouchi   m  blood-new york -   1997.0 
adaptive stream filters for entity-based queries with non-value tolerance proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 r cheng   b kao   s prabhakar   a kwan   y tu   
iterative solution of large sparse systems of equations w hackbusch 1993.0    
cost of producing a kilogram of cotton mr chaudry proceedings of the 23rd international cotton conference   & hellip ;    
the spectrum of the penetrating x-rays from radium b and radium c e rutherford   enc andrade phil . mag      
orthogonal functions analysis of singular systems with impulsive responses ieeexplore.ieee.org    
colloidal suspensions l struble proceedings of ph. d. course at dtu ( shah   s. ; bui   vk   & hellip ;      
a one dimensional imaging x-ray spectrograph based on a toroidally bent crystal m dirksmã ¶ llerâ ? ¦ 1998.0    
graphical analysis patterns sj mellor procs . software development west98    
effect of the salvaging operations performed on nuclear-powered submarines on the radioecological va danilyan   vl vysotskii   aa maksimov   yv at .  
fql-a functional query language pb pi   re frankel  acm sigmod conf . on management of  
search architectures for the automatic design of graphical presentations jd mackinlay  acm press   new york   1991.0 
parallel query support for multidimensional data k hahn vldbâ ?? 2001 workshop-supercomputing databases   rome   italy    
concrete in the service of the modem world pk mehta   
speech intelligibility derived from exceedingly sparse spectral information s greenberg   t arai   r silipo   
graphical representation and feedback in a pbd system f modugno   ba myers  & hellip ; what i do : programming by demonstration table of contents   1993.0 
statistics on views f waas   c galindo-legaria   mc wu   m joshi proceedings of the 29th international conference on very & hellip ;      
model-driven data acquisition in sensor networks a deshpande   c guestrin   s madden   jm hellerstein   proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2004.0 
distance browsing in spatial databases h samet   g hjaltason acm tods      
relational data rights protection through watermarking ieee trans . knowledge and data eng   r sion   m atallah   s prabhakar   
an introduction to spatial database system r gunting proceedings for the international conference on very large & hellip ;      
field and large scale model tests of wave impact pressure propagation into cracks g wolters   g mã 1/4 ller   g bullock   c obhrai   h   
online dynamic reordering for interactive data processing v raman   b raman   jm hellerstein vldb   1999.0 
mathematical control theory : deterministic finite dimensional systems ed sontag  1998.0 
spatial reuse in multihop packet radio networks l kleinrock   j silvester 1987.0  ieee   proceedings    
the dangers of replication and a solution j gray   p helland sigmod conference   1996.0 
protection and resource control in distributed operating systems sj mullender   as tanenbaum 1984.0  computer networks    
shape understanding : knowledge generation and learning z les ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
comparison of artificial neural network and regression models for estimating software development a heiat 2002.0  information & software technology    
spatial nonlinearity oferg by multi-input stimuli . international society for clinical yy usuis   y ooe the 33rd symposium   athens   greece   june      
wal-mart asks for a return m wagner   
implementing entrepreneurial ideas : the case for intention b bird  the academy of management review   1988.0 
shape gradients for histogram segmentation using active contours s jehan-besson   m barlaud   g aubert    
wearable computing and the remembrance agent ib crabtree   b rhodes 1998.0  bt technology journal    
does fuel hedging make economic sense ? the case of the us airline industry da carter   da rogers   bj simkins  2003.0 
improving project management through benchmarking . proc.   29th annual project management institute seminars and & hellip ;   k emhjellen   
leesons from a â ?? living in a databaseâ ?? graphical user interface proc . acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data   d fogg   
linear approximation of planar spatial databases using transitive-closure logic f geerts   b kuijpers    
paolini ( 1996 ) . information reuse in hypermedia applications m garzotto  proceedings of acm  
the second solar spectrum a gandorfer vol i      
user requirements for oo case tools g post   a kagan information & software technology   2001.0    
locating landmarks on human body scan data jh nurre  3-d digital imaging and modeling   1997 . proceedings.   & hellip ;   1997.0 
a symmetric method for implicit time discretization of the stefan problem lt cheng   r fedkiw   f gibou   m kang submitted for  
nuclear power in a world of deregulated energy markets & hellip ; 24th annual international conference of the international & hellip ;   sw kidd   
xquery 1.0 : an xml query language d chamberlin   j clark   d florescu   j robie   j   
state inequalities approach to control systems with uncertainty a swierniak   1982.0 
design & tools to augment collaborative learning in computerized conferencing systems proceedings of the 24th annual hawaii international l harasim   
convention on the rights of the child u nations    
optimal policies for handoff and channel assignment in cdma cellular networks yw chang   e geraniotis  proc . 29th conf . on information sciences and  
progressive forest split compression g lazarus proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 98      
motion compensating field interpolation using a hierarchically structured displacement estimator . m bierling   r thoma signal proc.   1986.0    
on the performance of a two-stage acquisition scheme foe direct-sequence spread spectrum u madhow proc . 29th ann . allerion conf on commun.   control   computing & hellip ;      
prediction cubes 2005.0 bc chen   l chen   y lin   r ramakrishnan proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;    
denoising by singularity detection h tai-chiu   ld pak-kong  proc . int . symp . circuits syst    
fast and stable algorithms for hierarchically semi-separable representations submitted for publication   2004.0 s chandrasekaran   m gu   t pals   
parallel programming using shared objects and broadcasting as tanenbaum   mf kaashoek   he bal   
near-surface circulation in the northwestern pacific as derived from lagrangian drifters n maximenko   g panteleev   p niiler   t yamagata proc . int . symp . triangle &#39; 98    
global pollution with 137 cs and 90 sr and external exposure doses on the territory of the soviet at . energ   li boltneva   ya izrael   va ionov   im nazarov   
integratingcontentsandstructuresintextretrieval sigmod record   r baeza-yates   g navarro   
list of acronyms bt technology journal   adq application driven qos  2005.0 
t.   & scheraga   ha ( 1989 ) acc . chem . g montelione   
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching . 1984 a guttman prog acm sigmod international conference on management of    
kinetic model of denitrification by bacillus bacteria 1992.0 m waligorska   f domka environment protection engineering    
basic optimal approximation of csiszarâ ?? s f-divergence ga anastassiou   2004.0 
marginal mentoring : the effects of type of mentor   quality of relationship   and program design on br ragins   jl cotton   js miller academy of management journal   2000.0    
region-annotated types and type schemes   1996 m tofte   l birkedal submitted for  
ullman jeffery d. the asilomar report on database research [ j ] s michael sigmod record      
benchmarking simple database operations wrms kubicar   r cattell  acm sigmod   may    
mining frequent itemsets using support constraints k wang   y he   j han  vldb   2000.0 
regionale bewirtschaftung von biomasse   eine stoffliche und energetische beurteilung der nutzung von vdf hochschulverlag an der eth zurich   switzerland   d mã 1/4 ller   d oehler   p baccini   
an identity based encryption scheme based on quadratic residues c cocks lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
odeview : a user-friendly graphical interface to ode r agrawal   nh gehani   j srinivasan 1990.0  proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
technology speculation : uses and benefits . 8th international conference on management of technology   iamot . & hellip ;   rb ward   
topology information condensation in hierarchical networks p van mieghem computer networks   1999.0    
scalable summary based retrieval in p2p networks w mã 1/4 ller   m eisenhardt   a henrich proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;     2005.0 
abstractions for multimedia database systems t rakow   w klas   e neuhold   
toxicity trends during an oil spill bioremediation experiment on a sandy shoreline in delaware   usa a mearns   k doe   w fisher   r hoff   k lee   r siron   proceedings    
making connections with memory boxes a whatley 2000.0  social studies and the young learner    
molecular recognition andchemistry inrestricted reaction spaces . photophysicsand photoinduced n turro acc . chem . res      
values and methods : evaluation and management perspectives wd neigher   w metlay new directions for program evaluation     1983.0 
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions   proceedings of the 22 ndvldb mumbai ( bombay )   ay levy   a rajaraman   jj ordille   
logistic regression and weights of evidence modeling in mineral exploration proc . 28th intern . symp   fp agterberg   gf bonham-carter   
â ?? real time surveillance in multiple non-overlapping cameras o javed   z rasheed   o alatas   a hakeem   m shah demonstration in cvpr    
representation of three-dimensional digital images sn srihari 1981.0  acm computing surveys ( csur )    
federal perspectives on child obesity r carmona presentation  
from unsupervised learning to data mining : linking cognition and data analysis l talavera proceedings of jornades dâ ?? intelligencia artificial : noves & hellip ;   1997.0    
preparing instructors for online instruction new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 ad fein   mc logan   
unlocking secure online commerce j vijayan computerworld      
list of acronyms bbhp survey 2002.0  bt technology journal    
l. r onyai . polynomial time solutions of some problems in computational algebra k friedl proc . 17th acm    
good lattice rules in weighted korobov spaces with non-product weights j dick   ih sloan   x wang   h wozniakowski   
understanding adult development as narrative m rossiter new directions for adult and continuing education     1999.0 
an introduction to spatial databases a guting  vldb journal    
benchmarking as an administrative tool for institutional leaders 2002.0 be bender new directions for higher education    
linking the personal and the social for a more critical democratic adult education 2002.0 mv alfred new directions for adult and continuing education    
respirators   recommendations   and regulations : the controversy surrounding protection of health care r jarvis   a bolyard   j bozzi 1995.0  journal of emergency medicine    
nul : a navigational user 's language for a network structured data base c deheneffe   h hennebert   
scheduling support for concurrency and parallelism in the mach operating system dl black   
kolyang t mossakowski hol-casl demonstration . in jm wing   j. woodcock   and j.  
wireless sensor networks : a survey if akyildiz   w su   y sankarasubramaniam   e cayirci computer networks     2002.0 
linking the european monetary union and the information systems strategy of financial institutions : mj pereira   lv tavares   
adaptive locking strategies in a multi-node data sharing environment am joshi 1991.0  vldb    
architectural issues in distributed data base systems cv ramamoorthy   gs ho   t kirshnarao   bw wah vldb   1977.0 
aufklã $ rung vor schutzimpfungenâ ?? empfehlungen fã 1/4 r die praxis a nassauer   g maass inffo i/98      
therapecutic drug monitoring of mycophenolic acid : comparison of hplc and immunoassay reveals new   m shipkova   vw armstrongâ ? ¦ 1998.0    
replicated declustering of spatial data h ferhatosmanoç § lu   aå ? tosun   a ramachandran & hellip ; of the twenty-third acm sigmod-sigact-sigart symposium on & hellip ;   2004.0 
rna results from baseline and week 8 are summarized in figure 6 hiv plasma  at  
benchmarking simple database operations proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1987.0 wb rubenstein   ms kubicar   rgg cattell   
limits to predictability m van geenhuizen   h van zuylen   p nijkamp proceedings of seminar d   european transport conference      
cell based assays for the identification of selectively toxic compounds : novel dsb inducing hm dunstan   c ludlow   s goehleâ ? ¦   
implementing a sentient computing system ieee a hopper   
on the design of a query processing strategy in a distributed database environment ct yu   cc chang acm sigmod record     1983.0 
understanding soap a skonnard    
evidence on economies of scale in software development 1994.0 rd banker   h chang   cf kemerer information and software technology    
a compressmn techtuque for large stattsttcal databases ' s eggers   f olken   a shosham proc  
implementing a star1 chip mr greenstreet   
improved steiner tree approximation in graphs g robins   a zelikovsky   
improved service top-cited outsourcing goal . j vijayan   t hoffman  computerworld    
a model to query documents by contents and structure g navarro   r baeza-yates proc . acm sigir      
database estimation evaluation using multiple regression techniques j fedorowicz proc acm sigmod conference   boston   usa      
m-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metrix spaces proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very & hellip ;   p ciacca   m patella   p zezula   
laser beam welding of zinc-coated sheets and quality control r imhoff   k behler   e beyer   d maischner  & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry   proceedings   25 th & hellip ;   1992.0 
zezula pm-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metric spaces [ c ] proc of vldb   p ciaccia   m patella   
web services selection for distributed composition of multimedia content proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   m wagner   w kellerer  2004.0 
partitioning sparse rectangular matrices for parallel processing lecture notes in computer science   tg kolda  1998.0 
declustering databases on heterogeneous disk systems lt chen   d rotem proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
segmenting the breast border and nipple on mammograms r chandrasekhar   y attikiouzel & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems      
a hypothesis-confirming bias in labeling effects jm darley   ph gross journal of personality and social psychology    
research in knowledge representation for natural language understanding-annual report   1 september cl sidner   m bates   r bobrow   b goodman   a haas   r 1983.0    
database challenges in global information systems jj ordille   bp miller   
workshop on performance and architecture of web servers k kant   p mohapatra acm sigmod record   2000.0 
inner functions : results   methods   problems proc . int . cong . math.   berkeley   ab aleksandrov   
high dose chemotherapy and autologous bone marrow or stem cell transplantation versus conventional c farquhar   r basser   j marjoribanks   a lethaby cochrane database syst rev     2003.0 
random sampling from b + trees vldb   f olken   d rotem  1989.0 
in ultrastructure processing of ceramics glasses and composites san diego   j livage   m henry   
a compiler to implement lotos specifications in distributed environments k yasumoto   t higashino   k taniguchi computer networks   2001.0 
the real-time cost of timing uncertainty : consensus and failure detection . sm thesis report mit/lcs/tr -518   laboratory for computer science   mit   s ponzio   
machine learning for intelligent information access gj karakoulas   g semeraro    
transmission of information by orthogonal functions 1969.0 hf harmuth   
intestinal capillaries . i f clementi   ge palade permeability to  
piece resolution : towards larger perspectives lecture notes in computer science   s coulondre   e salvat  1998.0 
perspectives of the use of tissue culture models as an alternative to human prostate cancer j romijn   s erkens-schulze   fh schroder  contributions to  
auble ( 1998 ) . new techniques for open vocabulary spoken document retrieval proc . acm m wechsler   e munteanu   p sch   
gaining public understanding for the liberal arts . lt benezet   fw magnusson new directions for higher education     1979.0 
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions . '' l ayâ ? ¦ proceedings of the vldb conference      
1975 national computer conferenceâ ?? report on selected sessions j hiles ieee computer    
can we push more constraints into frequent pattern mining j pei   j han proceedings of the sixth acm sigkdd international conference & hellip ;   2000.0 
the possibility of postnationality in the case of european union citizenship ã ? ay  2003.0 
too close for comfort : sex differences in response to invasions of personal space jd fisher   d byrne  journal of personality and social psychology    
syntactic and morphological contributions to processing subject-object asymmetries m bader   1997.0 
inhibition of virus multiplication by foreign nucleic acid . nature i   z rotem   ra cox  1963.0 
the target zone controversy r dornbusch 1999.0    
a dbms for large statistical databases vldb   1979.0 mj turner   r hammond   p cotton   
the emergence of affluence in beijing : residential social stratification in china 's capital city x hu   dh kaplan urban geography   2000.0    
physical medicine modalities for mechanical neck disorders 2000.0 ar gross   pd aker   ch goldsmith   p peloso cochrane database syst rev    
imprecise schema : a rationale for relations with embedded subrelations hm dreizen   sk chang acm transactions on database systems   1989.0    
expansion caches for superscalar microprocessors jd johnson technical report csl-tr-94-630   stanford university   palo alto  
copper-dioxygen chemistry   a bioinorganic challenge kd karlin   z tyeklar acc . chem . res    
professional opinions on the current state of the municipal solid waste industry in the uk a read   p phillips   g robinson  geography    
theory of intersections on the arithmetic surface sj arakelov proc . int . congr . of    
a study on the management of semantic transaction for efficient data retrieval t mun   h kong   
volume phase transition in a non-ionic gel y hirokawa   t tanaka aip conference proceedings   1984.0    
an introduction to ocular pharmacology and toxicology am burkman   pn patil   
list partitions and trigraph homomorphisms t feder   p hell   k tucker-nally   
pseudomonas aeruginosa infection due to contaminated vaccination equipment v mireles   c alvarez proc . 28th western poultry disease conference and 13th & hellip ;      
visual motion : linking neuronal activity to psychophysical performance wt newsome   mn shadlen   e zohary   kh britten   ja  see gazzaniga    
employee turnover : a meta-analysis and review with implications for research the academy of management review   1986.0 jl cotton   jm tuttle   
graphical process definition language and its application to a maintenance project am christie information and software technology   1993.0    
lessons from a â ?? living in a databaseâ ?? graphical query language d fogg  proceedings of the acm-sigmod conf . on management of data    
continously adaptive continuous queries over data streams s madden   ma shah   jm hellerstein   v raman  acm sigmod    
the whole story of the two-electron bond   with the bond as a paradigm acc . chem . res   2000.0 fa cotton   dg nocera   
a coalition-form analysis of the allocation of voting rights in the council of the ecb u bindseil unpublished manuscript    
enabling conferencing applications on the internet using an overlay multicast architecture c yang-hua   g rao sanjay   s srinivasanâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm sigcomm    
the impact of topology on overlay routing z li   p mohapatra  proceedings of the 23rd conference of the ieee & hellip ;    
benchmarking in student affairs re mosier   gj schwarzmueller new directions for higher education     2002.0 
fine-grain distributed shared memory on clusters of workstations it schoinas  1998.0 
compiling separable recursions jf naughton    
load-balancing solutions for static routing schemes in atm networks c casetti   rl cigno   m mellia computer networks     2000.0 
policies for systemic innovation : the case of the brazilian biotechnology network tmm guedes & hellip ; of the ninth international conference on management of & hellip ;      
does a southern european model exist ? a andreotti journal of european area studies     2001.0 
online partial evaluation for shift and reset k asai   
content-based image analysis : object extraction by data-mining on hierarchically decomposed medical c thies   v metzler   t aach   
mining frequent patterns without candidate generation ( to appear ) proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference j han   j pei   y yin   
mining frequent pattems without candidate generation j han   j pei   y yin prtoceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
determinants of job satisfaction of federal government employees . y ting public personnel management   1997.0 
cache invalidation scheme for mobile computing systems with real-time data jch yuen   e chan   hw leung  sigmod record   2000.0 
computer simulation of solidification wc erickson & hellip ; in metal processing   proceedings   25 th sagamore army & hellip ;     1978.0 
subquadratic algorithms for approximate clustering in high dimensional spaces proceedings of acm stoc   a borodin   r ostrofsky   y rabani   
eos : exactly-once e-service middleware g shegalov   g weikum   rs barga   db lomet 2002.0  vldb    
tinydb : an acquisitional query processing system for sensor networks sr madden   mj franklin   jm hellerstein   w hong acm transactions on database systems   2005.0 
radio spectrum management for tetherless communications bt technology journal   js dixon  2003.0 
xquery on sql hosts t grust  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
iterative spatial join 2003.0 eh jacox   h samet acm transactions on database systems    
user-assisted knowledge discovery : how much should the user be involved proceedings of the sigmod workshop on research issues on & hellip ;   a silberschatz   a tuzhilin   
validation of the embryonic stem cell test ( est ) in the ecvam international validation study on in e genschow   h spielmann   g scholz   i pohl   a  at la    
manufacturing strategy   environmental uncertainty and performance : a path analytic model 1987.0 pm swamidass   wt newell management science    
the code 2.0 graphical programming environment p newton   jc browne proceedings of acm intl. conf . on supercomputing    
multi-agent reinforcement learning with bidding for segmenting action sequences r sun   c sessions   
money   elections   and candidate quality s ansolabehere   j snyder unpublished manuscript    
b.   1999   modern information retrieval acm press   new r baeza-yates   b ribeiro-neto   
june 1999 . dbis toolkit-adaptible middleware for large-scale data delivery m altinel   d aksoy   t baby   m franklin   w shapiro   acm sigmod intl. conference on management of data ( sigmod 99  
online documentation system microsoft corporation   c visual   
shamed into anger ? the relation of shame and guilt to anger and self-reported aggression 1992.0 jp tangney   p wagner   c fletcher   r gramzow journal of personality and social psychology    
a case study of electronic banking operations at meridian bancorp r banker   r kauffman  information and software technology    
multiparty computation from threshold homomorphic encryption r cramer   i damgard   jb nielsen lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
what bakke leaves to the states : preliminary thoughts . new directions for higher education   rm o'neil  1978.0 
real time obstacle detection in stereo vision on non flat road geometry through v-disparityâ ?? representation   â ?? in procs . ieee intelligent & hellip ;   r labayrade   d aubert   jp tarel   
a statecharts-based software development process for mobile agents g fortino   w russo   e zimeo 2004.0  information and software technology    
the contribution of individual motor units to the emg power spectrum rs lefever   cj de luca  the proc 29th ann conf on engrg med biot    
distance learning through distributed collaborative video viewing a balachandran   jj cadiz   
orientation of nursing assistant instructors by nancy radke a research paper submitted in partial ja benkowski 2003.0    
complications of cornstarch as a donning agent for latex gloves mw brown-beasley  journal of emergency nursing   1997.0 
generation gap in the workplace between baby boomers and generation x wv govitvatana  2001.0 
lpminer : an algorithm for finding frequent itemsets using length-decreasing support constraint m seno   g karypis   
administering a distributed database management system h walker  acm-sigmod  
evaluation of the focal distance of lenses by white-light lau phase interferometry m thakur   c shakher   
formal semantics of sql queries m negri   g pelagatti   l sbattella 1991.0  acm transactions on database systems    
a distance scan algorithm for spatial access structures a henrich    
general hybrid orthogonal functions and some potential applications in systems and control a patra    
