linear algebra and its applications harcourt brace jovanovich g strang san diego  
tunning red for web traffic m christiansen k jeffay d ott fd smith proc .  
a resource for your cosmetology career 2000 edition s fundamentals   
hierarchical grouping in artificial intelligence . aaai spring symposium on artificial intelligence m mortimer  2000.0 
lisp . vr pratt  1977.0 
initial results from the euv engineering test stand d tichenor a ray-chaudhuri s lee h chapman w   
curves and surfaces in computer aided geometric design g farin   
dye standards part i : terminology and general principles h lyon e schulte a de leenheer s lewis v the histochemical journal 1992.0 
ii fundamentals of parallel logic simulation rj smith proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;  
parametric query optimization for linear and piecewise linear cost functions ah hs02 s sudarshan  2002.0 
progressive encoding for lossless transmission of 3d meshes p alliez m desbrun acm siggraph conference proceedings  
soft-link hypertext for information retrieval md ` inverno p howells mj hu m luck information & software technology 2002.0 
evaluation of winter rye hybrids fertility l madej r osinski j jagodzinski biuletyn-instytutu hodowli i aklimatyzacji roslin 1995.0 
hits and miss-es : a year watching the web j graham-cumming www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
database decomposition into 4nf g grahne k raiha 9th vldb  
efficient algorithms for large-scale topology discovery b donnet p raoult t friedman m crovella   
eigenvalue problem for linear 2 nx 2-ports ag onishchuk radiotekhnika i elektronika 1978.0 
mitochondrial carbonic anhydrase in osteoclasts and two different epithelial acid-secreting cells ek karhukorpi p lakkakorpi n carter s dodgson the histochemical journal 1992.0 
ap & ss a bridzius v vansevicius  2001.0 
leadership and the research university . ss lipschutz new directions for higher education 1985.0 
queueing theory rb cooper proceedings of the acm &#39; 81 conference 1981.0 
perceiving pervasive discrimination among african americans : implications for group identification nr branscombe mt schmitt rd harvey journal of personality and social psychology 1999.0 
northwest region seal and sea lion ( pinniped ) managment map of seal and sea lion trouble spots n fisheries national marine fisheries service seattle washington  
an authorization mechanism for a relational database system pp griffiths bw wade acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
atomic energy research establishment report no . tp 232 ( revised ) harwell england ( unpublished ) im boswarva ab lidiard phil . mag  
30 . pp edwards and mj sienko l francis acc . chem . res  
risk and protective factors among youth offenders mb carr ta vandiver adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : gm newland lr wolf ja bishop gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
the photoelectric effect ow richardson kt compton phil . mag  
local and global query optimization mechanisms for relational databases k satoh m tsuchida f nakamura k oomachi vldb 1985.0 
measurements of electron cyclotron emission from non-maxwellian electron distributions in tcv p blanchard h weisen s alberti s coda p gomez   
hemispheric asymmetry and emotion rj davidson approaches to emotion  
electromagnetic analysis and design in magnetic resonance imaging j jianming   
psychology-uw-milwaukee navigation banner n on-line  2005.0 
unskilled and unaware of it : how difficulties in recognizing oneâ ?? s own incompetence lead to j kruger d dunning journal of personality and social psychology 1999.0 
computing optimal attribute weight settings for nearest neighbor algorithms cx ling h wang artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
theory of dielectrical optical waveguides d marcuse academic san diego  
a comparison of mpi performance on different mpps m resch h berger t boenisch lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
inferring high-level behavior from low-level sensors dj patterson l liao d fox h kautz lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
reference reconciliation in complex information spaces x dong a halevy j madhavan   
animal models to study escherichia coli o157 : h7 isolated from patients with haemorrhagic colitis me potter lw riley tj barrett pa blake ca lancet i 1983.0 
children 's literature . af gallagherâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
d vanwilligen aws helwig vincent . loran-c & galileo an european navigation solution o gwa proc of the 29th annual technical symposium of the & hellip ;  
some in-situ measurements of the radiated emission in a door network jp rouzaud f issa & hellip ; symposium on powerline communications athens greece  
the alpha adrenoceptors on endothelial cells ja angus tm cocks k satoh fed proc 1986.0 
numerical document queries h seidl t schwentick a muscholl   
data compression for bitmap indexes y chen   
physically modelling the acoustics of a room using a digital waveguide mesh dt murphy dm howard proceedings of the 25 theuromicro  
the silent crisis : the state of rain forest nature preserves cp van schaik j terborgh b dugelby see kramer  
distance browsing in spatial databases gr hjaltason h samet acm transactions on database systems 1999.0 
gb dom . focused crawling : a new approach to topic-specific web resource discovery [ j ] s chakrabarti m van den ber computer networks  
overview of reverse engineering and reuse research pav hall information and software technology 1992.0 
reduction of the cost of erythropoietin therapy by coadministration of l-carnitine in hemodialysis d karvadias c fortounas j tsouchnikas t edta 32nd congress athens greece  
introduction to lie algebras and representation theory [ m ] je humphreys new york  
chord : a sclable peerto-peer lookup service for internet applications i stoica r morris d karger mf kaashoek h proc . acm  
endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography in gallstone-associated acute pancreatitis k ayub r imada j slavin cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
algorithms for cochannel source separation and signal estimation a mathur  1996.0 
physician-patient communication in the urban clinical setting dm levine bulletin-new york academy of medicine 1994.0 
s3 : similarity search in cad database systems s berchtold hp kriegel   
a new multirate lq optimal regulator for linear time-invariant systems and its stability robustness kg arvanitis applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
thematically organized social studies : a solution to the primary education dilemma . pull-out feature p nickell social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
examples of vlf emissions recorded in the auroral zone ( abstract only ) j manninen t turunen t turunen proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
occupational infectious disease exposures in ems personnel e reed mr daya j jui k grellman l gerber mo journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
transition to adulthood in italy f ongaro transition to adulthood  
an index structure for efficient reverse nearest neighbor queries c yang ki lin   
relational algebras logic and functional programming pav hall acm sigmod record 1984.0 
shape & texture d ebert proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
business networking in the swatch group r alt electronic markets 1999.0 
andez and d. suciu . storing semistructured data with stored a deutsch m fern & hellip ; of the acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
admissible orders and linear forms portal.acm.org   
mulvey and perkins d danielâ ? ¦ phil . mag  
essentials of business environment 2nd k aswathappa  1991.0 
learning golf under different goal conditions : their effects on irrelevant thoughts and subsequent e thill f cury d bryche   
learning how to understand language r pieraccini e levin e vidal proc . eurospeech  
368 pp . $ 34.95 r press  2004.0 
azh ( astron . rep. ) vg kornilov aa tokovinin  2000.0 
repellents reduce insecticidal kills of honeybees el atkins proc . 28th int . congr . apic. bucharest  
a translation approach to portable ontology specifications knowledge systems laboratory tr gruber stanford university technical report ksl 92-71 http://www-ksl .  
how musical is man ( p. 111 ) j blacking  1973.0 
knowledge sharing project overview r fikes m cutkosky t gruber j van baalen  1991.0 
design and evaluation of incremental data structures and algorithms for dynamic query interfaces r beigel b shneiderman   
resources for outreach and recruitment . ce johns new directions for higher education 1975.0 
information technology implementation research : a technological diffusion approach rb cooper rw zmud management science 1990.0 
electrical resistivity of molten iron rw powell phil . mag  
an efficient implementation of a relational data base ms furman vldb 1985.0 
integrating distributional prosodic and phonological information in a connectionist model of mh christiansen rac dale   
advances in mixed-method evaluation : the challenges and benefits of integrating diverse paradigms v caracelli j greene j greene v caracelli new directions for program evaluation  
beam test results of ion-implanted silicon strip detectors on a 100 mm wafer ( abstract only ) i hietanen j lindgren r orava t tuuva r oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
dg holloway jw johnson phil . mag  
the structure of a cultural crisis : thinking about cloth in france before and after the revolution wm reddy see appadurai  
is thyrotoxic periodic paralysis a '' channelopathy '' ? ej gallagher journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
a technology for thermoelectric devices based on electroplated v-vi materials m jaegle at  
graduate degree programs and distance education cd swenson new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
estimatingthe support of a high-dimensional distribution b scholkopf jc platt j shawe-taylor aj smola technical report msrtr-99-87 microsoft research corporation  
sidebar : the state of web services security standards m hall computerworld  
freedom transformed : toward a developmental model for the construction of collaborative learning sj hamilton new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
pure appl . chem . berg h. schwarz m lown he gunning op strausz acc . chem . res  
a variable span smoother : stanford california laboratory for computational statistics department jh friedman  1984.0 
independent study fieldwork and peer teaching . pg friedman new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
jc walton jm tedder acc . chem . res  
a characterization of prolog execution ma friedman  1992.0 
l. ( 1976 ) suicide enzyme inactivators rh abeles al maycock acc . chem . res  
surgical treatment for meniscal injuries of the knee in adults jr howell hh handoll cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
validation of some superpave design parameters by wheel testing with the scale model mobile load m van de ven af smit r lorio r mcgennis & hellip ; conference on asphalt pavements seattle washington & hellip ;  
ncss social studies standards and the elementary teacher . j alleman j brophy social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
correctional aids prevention program ( capp ) in new york city vjm hayes-cozier e rautenberg lc kayser i solis v international conference on aids montreal canada june  
improved roi and within frame discriminant features for lipreading g potamianos c neti   
jr and rg keesee aw castleman acc . chem . res  
case 's next step : process . g boone   
the circumpolar active layer monitoring ( calm ) program : research designs and initial results pi introduction polar geography 2000.0 
on the parametrisation of functional projections in cp . a. schafer e hoekstra proceedings of the 23rd meeting of the north eastern & hellip ;  
a. and raimes s. 1959 j cooper phil . mag  
the efficacy of antidepressants in the treatment of depression in dementia j bains js birks tr dening cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
experiences with hyperbase : a hypertext database supporting collaborative work uk wiil sigmod record 1993.0 
database compression ma roth sj van horn sigmod record 1993.0 
dynamic versus static menus : an exploratory comparison j mitchell b shneiderman acm sigchi bulletin 1989.0 
effects of language on color discriminability n witthoft j winawer l wu m frank a wade l proceedings of the 25 thannual meeting of the cognitive & hellip ;  
structure and motion for dynamic scenes-the case of points moving in planes p sturm lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
international networking in long-term ecological research . rw nottrott jf franklin jr vande castle seattle  
changes in red cell oxygen release capacity in diabetes mellitus j ditzel fed proc 1979.0 
involvement of rho and rac small g proteins and rho gdi in ca 2ã 3/4 - dependent exocytosis from pc12 r komuro t sasaki k takaishi s orita y takai genes to cells 1996.0 
biosynthetic origin and functional significance of murine platelet factor v tl yang sw pipe a yang d ginsburg blood-new york - 2003.0 
short group signatures d boneh x boyen h shacham lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
on canonical models for federated dbs f saltor m castellanos m garcia-solaco sigmod record ( acm special interest group on management of & hellip ;  
dietary marine fatty acids ( fish oil ) for asthma in adults and children rk woods fc thien mj abramson cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
interactive television . m bisesi bd felder new directions for higher education 1986.0 
nist surface structure databaseâ ?? ver . 3.0 national institute of standards and technology pr watson ma van hove k hermann md  
andragogy and self-directed learning : pillars of adult learning theory sb merriam new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
safety and efficacy of the rapid four-step technique for cricothyrotomy using a bair claw dp davis kj bramwell rs hamilton tc chan gm journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
london : a sustainable city ? i livingstone area 2001.0 
role-based security object-oriented database & separation of duties m nyanchama s osborn acm sigmod record  
library cooperation nr wylie tl yeager new directions for higher education 1999.0 
blessing in an intimate note to the sincere seekers ss ravi-shankar  1999.0 
digital photo browsing with souvenirs e van den hoven b eggen   
best-effort cache synchronization with source cooperation c olston j widom sigmod conference 2002.0 
networking saves $ $ for new york school district . k forman electronic education 1983.0 
bounded aggregation : offering a precision-performance tradeoff in replicated systems c olston j widom proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;  
implementation of a nurse practitioner-staffed fast track c covington t erwin f sellers journal of emergency nursing 1992.0 
nearest neighbor queries n rossopoulos s kelly f vincent proc . of acm-sigmod  
routine anticonvulsants for treating cerebral malaria m meremikwu ag marson cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
domesticating a crisis : washington newsbeats human interest stories and international news in the t cook science research council . seattle washington  
modeling and simulating semiconductor devices using vhdl-ams h carter proc . ieee/acm bmas  
the semantic integration workshop at iswc 2003 a doan a halevy n noy sigmod record 2004.0 
eradication therapy for peptic ulcer disease in helicobacter pylori positive patients a ford b delaney d forman p moayyedi cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
analysis and simulation of dynamics in probabilistic p systems d besozzi g mauri d pescini c zandron  2005.0 
some conjectures in the block theory of solvable restricted lie algebras j feldvoss  1993.0 
design and analysis of parametric query optimization algorithms s ganguly proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
the fifth text retrieval conference ( trec-5 ) national institute of standards and technology dk harman md  
ecological methodology : harper collins publishers cj krebs new york  
dynamically scoped functions as the essence of aop p costanza   
on the type accuracy of garbage collection m hirzel a diwan   
antioxidant vitamin and mineral supplements for age-related macular degeneration jr evans cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
multiprocessor hash-based join algorithms r gerber d dewitt proc . vldb  
on estimating the cardinality of the projection of a database relation . tods 14 ( 1 ) : 28â ?? 40 1989 . r ahad kvb rao d mcleod   
new design of composite controllers for synchronous machines via separation of timescales np singh yp singh si ahson & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1988.0 
scene organization using discriminant structural templates a torralba a oliva proc . int &#39; l conf . computer vision  
the social construction of international food : a new research agenda a arce tk marsden economic geography 1993.0 
surfactant biodegradation . rd swisherâ ? ¦   
itasca distributed odbms dk barry proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
a general method for scaling up machine learning algorithms and its application to clustering p domingos g hulten   
the feminine technique in is m johnson computerworld  
australia in transition : cultural diversification and geopolitical reorientation b chalkley h winchester geography  
dj and gerber r â ?? multlprocessor hash-based jom algorithms â ?? d dewitt proc  
control of discrete two-time scale system by using piecewise constant periodic output feedback bm patre b bandyopadhyay h werner systems science-wroclaw - 1997.0 
the tv-tree : an index structure forhigh-dimensional data ki lin h jagadish c faloutsos the vldb journal  
survival in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus in india a kumar an malaviya rr singh yn singh cm adya rheumatology international 1992.0 
d gerber b graefe g heytens m kumar k and m murahknshna â ?? gamma-a high performance dataflow d dewitt proceedings of the 1986 vldb conference japan august  
ecology and classification of north american freshwater invertebrates . ( 2nd edn . ) academic press jh thorp a covich san diego  
bugs : avoiding the avoidable and living with the rest l hatton procs . of durham  
a multi-group technique for data compression ka hazboun ma bassiouni proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
guest editorial jr gruser l raschid v zadorozhny the vldb journal 2000.0 
automated rich presentation of a semantic topic l lu z li proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
an implementation technique for database query languages p buneman re frankel r nikhil acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
living together : rationality sociality and obligation . lanham m gilbert md  
acute inflammation in gram-negative infection : endotoxin interleukin 1 tumor necrosis factor and hz movat mi cybulsky ig colditz mk chan ca fed proc 1987.0 
stereotypes as energy-saving devices : a peek inside the cognitive toolbox cn macrae ab milne gv bodenhausen journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
segmentation of medical images combining local regional global and hierarchical distances into a tm lehmann d beier c thies t seidl   
reducing the paperwork of risk assessment-how to make your safety system efficient and user-friendly p chawla  1999.0 
peptides corresponding to t-cell receptor-hla contact regions inhibit class i-restricted immune c clayberger sc lyu p pouletty am krensky transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
networked information management nj davies m revett bt technology journal 1997.0 
a geochronological geochemical and mineralogical study of some tertiary plutonic rocks of the kg kyriakopoulos  1987.0 
a hytime engine for and mmis jf koegel lw rutledge jl rutledge ch keskin proc . acm  
and d. cutting . 1994 . recognizing text genres with simple metrics using discriminant analysis j karlgren procs .  
shellfish and seaweed harvests of puget sound . washington sea grant dp cheney tf mumford jr  1986.0 
ai o 5 bo loo qw nj n wq   
indexing browsing and searching of digital video and digital audio information af smeaton lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
separable algebras over commutative rings f demeyer e ingraham  1970.0 
software cost estimation using an albus perceptron ( cmac ) b samson d ellison p dugard information and software technology 1997.0 
urbana-champaign il : graduate school of library science university of illinois ; 1980 . 117-134 il urbana   
mechanical vibration and shock measurements . 2nd edition 1st impression bruel & kjaer 1980 jt broch   
the technology revolution and the restructuring of the global economy u colombo  1988.0 
acknowledging the learning styles of diverse student populations : implications for instructional ja anderson m adams new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
sp ; s version 4 ) 0 ; ser1s guide ms inc mathsoft inc. seattle  
ograniczenie uzywania substancji psychoaktywnych i zwiazanych z tym szkã ³ d zdrowotnych j sieroslawski alkoholizm i narkomania  
revised : may 2004 pc office md 1971.0 
telephony in the year 2005 j rinde  1999.0 
piecewise linear structures on topological manifolds eprint arxiv : math y rudyak   
spectator games : a new entertainment modality of networked multiplayer games s drucker l he m cohen c wong a gupta   
understanding and reducing web delays m zari   
linear queries in statistical databases md schwartz de denning pj denning acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
beyond charity : service learning for social justice rc wade social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
strengthening the student aid system in the community colleges . r johnson new directions for higher education 1982.0 
naã ¯ ve-network aware internet video encoding hm briceo s gortle l mcmillan proc . acm multimedia  
evaluation of the one loop string path integral j polchinski communications in mathematical physics 1986.0 
workform processing : a model and language for parallel computation d cheriton  1985.0 
the flag taxonomy of open hypermedia systems . hypertextâ ¹ 96 proceedings k osterbye uk wiil  1996.0 
eden : an engine for definitive notation-design implementation and evaluation yey wai msc thesis department of computer science university of  
the theory of sound jws rayleigh  1945.0 
the influence of mechanical stress on graft healing in a bone tunnel k yamakado k kitaoka h yamada k hashiba r arthroscopy-new york - 2002.0 
a query language and optimization techniques for unstructured dataâ '' in sigmod p buneman s davidson g hillebrand d suciu san diego  
science in the courts : a comparative analysis of admissibility standards and their impact on the si gatowski sa dobbin jt richardson gp ginsburg ivth european congress of psychology athens greece july  
a service learning research agenda for the next five years de giles jr j eyler new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
particleboard with different content of releasable formaldehyde : a comparison of the board b sundin proc 21st int particleboard symp washington  
more accurate equation for analyzing by the radial averaging method the separation of a binary vi tokmantsev at .  
social justice sexuality and the city l knopp urban geography 1994.0 
the halo effect and technology licensing : the influence of institutional prestige on the licensing wd sine s shane d di gregorio management science 2003.0 
alkaline metal complexes as electron-injecting layer in organic el devices j endo j kido t matsumoto proc . int . conf . adv. tech . polym.  
non-parametric models in the monitoring of engine performance and condition part 2 : non-intrusive f gu pj jacob ad ball   
incremental distance join algorithms for spatial databases grhh samet proc . of the acm sigmod  
sevcik : the grid file h nievergelt acm tods  
dynamic performance of robot manipulators under different operating conditions ay zomaya   
andg . hd suciu . aquerylanguageandoptimizationtechniques forunstructured data p buneman s davidson proceedings of acm sigmod conference  
a hypertext system for cad applications nm delisle md schwartz proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;  
strukturnaya khimiya ss batsanov fakty i  
parallel index building in informix online 6.0 w davison   
definition and evaluation of access rules in data management systems eb fernandez rc summers t lang vldb  
heuristics for social interactions : how to generate trust and fairness j rieskamp g gigerenzer submitted for publication  
gamma-irradiation combined with ozonization as a method of decomposition of impurities in textile j perkowski l kos environment protection engineering 1992.0 
loadbalancinganddatalocalityinhierarchicaln-bodymethods jp singh c holt t totsuka a gupta jl hennessy technical report csl-tr-92-505 stanford university  
a fast distance calculation between convex objects by optimization approach s zeghloul p rambeaud jp lallemand   
relative exophthalmometry in zygomatic fractures using an optical sensor e nkenke m benz t maier m kramer g hã $ usler j procs carsâ ?? 03  
integrating bbl-style control into the generic blackboard system pm johnson dd corkhill kq gallagher aaai workshop on blackboard systems seattle washington & hellip ;  
pre-scheme : a scheme dialect for systems programming ra kelsey submitted for publication 1992.0 
anipqo : almost non-intrusive parametric query optimization for nonlinear cost functions a hulgeri s sudarshan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
kinetics of ordering transformations in metals h chen vk vasudevan  1992.0 
microsoft directx 9 programmable graphics pipeline k gray  2003.0 
affect cognition and awareness : affective priming with optimal and suboptimal stimulus exposures st murphy rb zajonc journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
distribution of a product by several properties e shell directorate of management analysis procs . 2nd . symposium in & hellip ;  
project size and software maintenance productivity : empirical evidence on economies of scale in rd banker s slaughter proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
what are sports grounds ? or : why semantics requires interoperability . interop '99 c riedemann w kuhn  1999.0 
theorem proving via general mappings pb andrews journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1981.0 
citrus responses to irrigation methods dr rodney rl roth br gardner proc . int . soc . citriculture  
nonlinear phenomena in materials science m agop n rezlescu g kalogirou graphic arts athens greece  
operator scheduling in a data stream manager d carney u cetintemel a rasin s zdonik m vldb 2003.0 
how do places matter ? a comparative study of chinese ethnic economies in los angeles and new york y zhou urban geography 1998.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations ; m markham gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
distributed component object model protocol -- dcom/1 .0 ( 1996 ) n brown   
recent advances in wireless networking u varshney   
the development of numerical methods for nonsmooth optimization in the ussr nz shor history of mathematical programming : a collection of & hellip ;  
a simplified derivation of linear least square smoothing and prediction theory hw bode ce shannon proc . ire  
speech recognition by hierarchical segment classification h behme wd brandt hw strube proc . icann  
linear road : a benchmark for stream data management systems a arasu m cherniack e galvez d maier a maskey vldb  
theory of shuffling j reeds unpublished manuscript  
what ever happened to the pc revolution ? j kirkley computerworld  
activity-based costing : a cost management tool . fj turk new directions for higher education 1993.0 
maintenance of spatial semijoin queries on moving points g iwerks h samet k smith proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
the relation between perception and behavior or how to win a game of trivial pursuit a dijksterhuis a van knippenberg journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
tube : interactive model-integrated object-oriented programming a rauschmayer p renner submitted for publication 2004.0 
wiley : new york 1985 nm bikales cg overberger g menges vol .  
waiting for the wireless revolution b nadel pc magazine may  
virtual teams : a review of current literature and directions for future research a powell g piccoli b ives data base for advances in information systems 2004.0 
the text encoding initiative guidelines and their application to building digital libraries ( n ide j klavans proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
phosphorylation of ser-3 of cofilin regulates its essential function on actin k moriyama k iida i yahara genes to cells 1996.0 
dynamic stereometry of the temporomandibular joint from 3d imaging and tracking data m krebs swiss federal institute of technology zurich switzerland  
muhiprocessor hash-based join algorithms d dewitt r gerber proc . 1985 vldb conference stockholm sweden sept  
composing user interfaces with interviews a mark ieee computer  
the treatment of akinesia using virutal images [ masterâ ?? s thesis ] j prothero seattle : university of washington  
tapes hold data too : challenges on tertiary storage mj carey lm hass m livny sigmod record  
optimizing candidate check costs for bitmap indices d rotem k stockinger k wu proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
storing semistructured data with stored ad dfs m fernandez d suciu proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of data & hellip ;  
hytime : evaluation and implementation experience j buford proceedings of acm hypertext  
microwave linear power amplifier with micromodule technology g locatelli l ricco m nannicini & hellip ; conference on communicationsâ ?? ( seattle washington  
writing post-soviet estonia on to the world map e berg s oras political geography 2000.0 
the jobs evaluation : monthly participation rates in three sites and factors affecting participation g hamilton   
steroids for treating tuberculous pleurisy pt matchaba j volmink cochrane database syst . rev 2000.0 
second order initial boundary-value problems of variational type d serre   
beam profile measurements at 40mhz in the ps to sps transfer channel g ferioli jj gras   
a new approach to the modal logic of intervals a hussain m marx  2004.0 
influence of reciprocal electromechanical transduction on outer hair cell admittance ek weitzel r tasker we brownell   
new concepts of cattle growth . rt berg rm butterfield  1976.0 
isbn 0 wiley w wiley   
hypertext document generator in a computer supported cooperative work environment y chang kh chang l murphy twd ii bg lee jd proceedings 1997 acm southeast  
facility location problem with concave cost functions . m hajiaghayi m mahdian m mirrokni unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
strategic alliance structuring : a game theoretic and transaction cost examination of interfirm a parkhe the academy of management journal 1993.0 
tappi pulp . conf sj szegda  1994.0 
revolutionary subjectivity : the cultural logic of the nicaraguan revolution jp reed  2000.0 
on the separation of equalization and coding jm cioffi proc . 29th allerton conf . communication control and  
hasanw. krishnamurthy r. query optimization for parallel execution s ganguly proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
access signallingâ ?? q. 2931 and related standards b law rr knight bt technology journal 1998.0 
altbausanierung mit naturbaustoffen k schillberg at  
independent quantization : an index compression technique for high-dimensional data spaces s berchtold c boehm hv jagadish hp kriegel j   
factors influencing career choices of native american and caucasian american high school students : a cm doud  2003.0 
relationship between interphase agnor distribution and nucleolar size in cancer cells m derenzini f farabegoli d trerã ¨ the histochemical journal 1992.0 
multaprocessor hash-based join algorithms d dewltt r gerber proc of the 1985 vldb conf stockholm sweden aug  
a compact and accurate model for classification m last o maimon ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
navigating nowhere/hypertext infrawhere j rosenberg acm sigweb newsletter 1994.0 
using logical objects to control hypertext appearance pj brown   
tertiary storage support for large-scale multidimensional array database management systems b reiner k hahn   
synchrotron radiation : new research opportunities for the next decade ( abstract only ) b batterman oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
system that tracked killer tied diverse data . b hoard computerworld. 1982.0 
on hamiltonâ ?? s quadratic equation and the general unilateral equation in matrices jj sylvester phil . mag 1884.0 
energy consumption of tcp reno tcp newreno and sack in multihop wireless networks h singh p singh proceedings of acm  
libbandb version 3.2 manual ab singer  2004.0 
j.-j . lâ · evy . analysis and caching of dependencies m abadi b lampson proceedings of the 1996 acm sigplan international conference  
generating schedules and code within a unified reordering transformation framework university of w kelly w pugh md  
fabric computing interfaces m orth r post e cooper proceedings of acm  
learning text editing tasks from examples ih witten dm tels watch what i do : programming by  
bon saying benough already ! [ in sql [ m carey d kossmann acm sigmod conference  
d. schwartz â ?? neptune : a hypertext system for cad applications â ?? n delis1eandm proc . acmsigmod acm new york  
thermochemical analysis of oxidation and corrosion processes in high temperature fuel cells p singh zg yang 131st tms annual meeting seattle washington feb  
steroids for treating cerebral malaria k prasad p garner cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
standards for intelligent networks rm stretch pm adams bt technology journal 2005.0 
fql-a funo tional query language p buneman re frankei proc acm sigmod int conf management of data boston mass  
concatenate reverse and map vanish for free j voigtlander   
direct measurement of localized joule heating in silicon devices by means of newly developed high a yasuda h yamaguchi y tanabe n owada s proc . int . rel 1991.0 
advances in public-key certificate standards w ford acm sigsac review 1995.0 
learning to filter spam e-mail : a comparison of a naive bayesian and a memory-based approach i androutsopoulosâ ? ¦   
characterization of legume and grass residues following in vitro and in sacco ruminal digestion djr cherney jh cherney ah davidson proc . int . grassl . congr  
3d scene reconstruction from uncalibrated images u topay  2002.0 
how does academic achievement come about : cross-cultural and methodological notes je nurmi k aunola international journal of educational research 2001.0 
donepezil for dementia due to alzheimerâ ?? s disease js birks r harvey cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
note on the expected size of a join a rosenthal sigmod record 1981.0 
psychotherapy for bulimia nervosa and binging pj hay j bacaltchuk cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
feature interaction in policies s reiff-marganiec kj turner computer networks 2004.0 
analysis of variations in diesel engine idle vibration m ajovalasit j giacomin   
how infants begin to extract words from speech pw jusczyk   
individual differences in sociosexuality : evidence for convergent and discriminant validity ja simpson sw gangestad journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
calibration of scintillation cells for radon-222 measurements ( abstract only ) k aakko e oksanen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the x-tree : an index structure for highdimensional data . 22nd conf . on very large databases s berchtold d keim hp kriegel bombay india  
study of the fundamentals mechanisms of convective cooling in electronic components o leon g de mey e dick proceedings of the 2 ndph . d. symposium university of  
concerning the influence of diffusion on the electro-crystallization of metals m braun & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1973.0 
eb 1961 dw pashley aeb presland phil . mag  
three common presentations of ascariasis infection in an urban emergency department cc valentine rj hoffner so henderson journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
micropattern formation in supported lipid bilayers jt groves sg boxer acc . chem . res  
glucocorticoids for croup k russell n wiebe a saenz sm ausejo d johnson cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
separation power of a gas centrifuge and certain errors in optimizing it oe aleksandrov at .  
deconvolution of images and spectra academic pa jansson san diego calif  
scalable coherent interface d scheme ieee computer  
automatic categorization of query results k chakrabarti s chaudhuri s hwang proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
keyword detection navigation and annotation in hierarchical text s chakrabarti b dom r agrawal p raghavan proc . 23rd vldb  
the diffraction of x-rays by an age-hardening alloy of alluminum and copper : the structure of an gd preston phil . mag  
analysis of an nn + low-high junction and the application to integrated injection logic devices tl gannon ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1980.0 
the x-tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles s berchtold d keim hp kriegel proc . 1996 int . conf . very large data  
tools and techniques for memory system design and analysis ar lebeck  1995.0 
understanding the factors influencing the performance of software development groups : an exploratory b lakhanpal information and software technology 1993.0 
nist chemical kinetics database : ver . 6.0 national institute of standards and technology wg mallard f westley jt herron rf hampson dh md  
the human factors of speech-based interfaces : a research agenda jh bradford acm sigchi bulletin 1995.0 
andm j gripp p bernasconi c chan kl sherman zirngibl \ \ demonstration of a 1tb/s optical packet switch  
qos control versus generous dimensioning dm johnson bt technology journal 2005.0 
warm water vapour pixels over high clouds as observed by meteosat sa tjemkes l van de berg j schmetz contributions to atmospheric physics 1997.0 
e-mailâ ?? s double-edged sword b cole-gomolski computerworld  
specialist help using multiple media da kirson jm carroll r eckhoff jf kelley s videotape demonstration  
interventions for trichomoniasis in pregnancy am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
christe . m. gong y. hauptmann a. lessons learned from building a terabyte digital video library h wactlar ieee  
interventions for treating chronic pelvic pain in women rw stones j mountfield cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
white matter lesions after occlusion of the bilateral carotid arteries in the rat : temporal profile h tomimoto i akiguchi h wakita j kimura no to shinkei 1997.0 
updating xml . acm intl i tatarinov zg ives a halevy d weld conference on management of data ( sigmod )  
initial vascularisation of the pig placenta : 1 v dantzer r leiser demonstration of non-glandular areas by histology and & hellip ;  
efficient evaluation of queries in a mediator for websources v zadorozhny l raschid me vidal sigmod conference 2002.0 
m. and segall rl ( 1965 ) mh loretto lm clarebrough phil . mag  
page-level cooperative garbage collection m hertz y feng ed berger   
methods of modern mathematical physics i : functional analysis ( revised and enlarged edition ) m reed b simon san diego  
spatial modelling of deforestation in southern cameroon : spatial disaggregation of diverse b mertens ef lambin applied geography 1997.0 
broadband satellite networks : a networking perspective g morabito s palazzo c rosenberg computer networks  
enduring issues in religion l john  1995.0 
improving the precision of a closed-domain question-answering system with semantic information h doan-nguyen l kosseim   
attitude polarization : effects of group membership dm mackie j cooper journal of personality and social psychology  
influence of symbolically modeled instrumental aggression and pain cues on aggressive behavior dp hartmann journal of personality and social psychology 1969.0 
a stro-ph/9906504 p gorham k liewer c naudet and proc . 26th int . cr conf. salt lake city utah aug  
probabilities for a probabilistic network : a case-study in oesophageal carcinoma lc van der gaag s renooij bmp aleman bg taal submitted for publication 2001.0 
a multi-environment cost evaluator for parallel database systems . procedings of the 2nd int . dasfaa f andres m couprie y viemont international conference on very large databases santiago  
the effect of altered sex ratios on the spawning of red salmon.â ?? in : studies of alaska red salmon ( oa mathisen  1962.0 
characterization of the c. elegans gap-2 gene encoding a novel ras-gtpase activating protein and its s hayashizaki y iino m yamamoto genes to cells 1998.0 
two examples of group exams from communication and engineering kl sandell l welch new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
a distributed heterogeneoussutercomputing management system g arif j yang ieee computer  
nulls in relational databases : revised r kocharekar acm sigmod record 1989.0 
the cost of general education . rp lisensky new directions for higher education 1993.0 
how would i feel if ... ? mood as input to a role fulfillment evaluation process ll martin t abend c sedikides jd green journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
formal eavesdropping and its computational interpretation 2001 m abadi j jurjens   
evidence for turonian rift related extensional subsidence and tertiary backthrusting : the almopias i sharp ahf robertson bull . geol . soc . greece athens  
a. sangiovanni-vincentelli â ?? interface-based design â ?? ja rowson proc . acm/ieee design automution conf  
com + verstehen . ds platt  1999.0 
donor-specific factors predict graft function following liver transplantation pd greig j forster ra superina sm strasberg m transplant proc 1990.0 
on the performance of bitmap indices for high cardinality attributes k wu e otoo a shoshani proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
a scheme for predicting user-perceived networked application performance ma oliver iw phillips dj parish kr bharadia bt technology journal 1999.0 
a bit-level systolic block fir filter chip with built-in self-test structure '' jc wang cw wu proc . int . symp .  
computers in modern ~ ociecy rj kochenburger cj turcio hamilton publishing santa barbara  
factors influencing detection probabilities and the benefits of call broadcast surveys for cj conway jp gibbs md  
real time traffic measurements for high-speed networks pc hershey cb silio jg waclawsky bt technology journal 1995.0 
a polarized view of string topology available at math r cohen v godin   
tools for datalog boundedness gg hillebrand pc kanellakis hg mairson my vardi proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1991.0 
selegiline for alzheimerâ ?? s disease j birks l flicker cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
rehabilitation for distal radial fractures in adults hh handoll r madhok te howe cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
software snafu triggers order delays loss t hoffman   
diapers and underpads part 2 : cost outcomes ds brown   
initial trust formation in new organizational relationships dh mcknight ll cummings nl chervany the academy of management review 1998.0 
flowers offering oil instead of nectar s vogel xi bot . congr . abstr . seattle washington  
organizing university economic development : lessons from continuing education and technology gw matkin new directions for higher education 1997.0 
ieee microwave theory tech. mtt-s digest baltimore mw pospieszalski ew wollack md  
do co-workersâ ?? wages matter ? theory and evidence on wage secrecy wage compression and effort g charness p kuhn   
the phenomenological theory of linear viscoelastic behavior nw tschoegl  1989.0 
le-xuan-hy gm oxenberg j. & deichmann ak ( 1986 ) . self-evaluation of abilities : accurate self - mj strube cl lott journal of personality and social  
mycology guidebook 2nd print rb stevens  1981.0 
vitamin d supplementation in pregnancy k mahomed am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev 1999.0 
environmental control of horn length dimorphism in the beetle onthophagus acuminatus ( coleoptera : dj emlen proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
r. musicant . lagrangian supportvector machines ol mangasarian andd journal of machine learning research  
learning to match ontologies a doan j madhavan r dhamankar p domingos ay vldb journal  
automatic resource compilation by analyzing hyperlink structure and associated text s chakrabarti b dom p raghavan s rajagopalan d www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
theoretical strength of perfect crystals wr tyson phil . mag  
teaching effectiveness in technology-mediated distance learning j webster p hackley the academy of management journal 1997.0 
examples of automatic asymptotic expansions b salvy acm sigsam bulletin 1991.0 
the theory of inoeulum ae dimond jg horsfall see ref  
distance string models for program behavior jr spirn ieee computer  
on the theory of optimal income taxation e sheshinski unpublished manuscript  
using technology in faculty development : practical examples kh gillespie new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
2nd ed. john hopkins university press baltimore gh goltb ce van loan md  
lanham boon thau loo scott shenker _ ion stoica querying the internet with pier rhjmh nick proceedings of the 29th vldb conference berlin germany  
nuffab '88 c ganguly bombay india 12-14 dec. 1988 1988.0 
effectiveness of virtual learning environments in basic skills business education : a field study in r ahmad g piccoli b ives   
efficient user-adaptable similarity search in large multimedia databases s thomas h kriegel proc . 23th int . conf . on vldb  
the disposition and metabolism of 2â ?? 3â ?? - dideoxycytidine an in vitro inhibitor of human t - ja kelley cl litterst js roth dt vistica dg   
composing monads using coproducts c luth n ghani   
blog tools nj rubenking pc magazine . retrieved january  
average properties of energetic ions in different parts of the cusp/cleft region ( abstract only ) k mursula g kremser b wilken proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
on the linear work hardening rate of fcc single crystals j friedel phil . mag  
hypertextas a medium for interactive learning mr kibby jt mayes c knussen procs . of 6th canadiansymposium on instructional  
computer aided manufacturing of composite complex shape helicopter structural elements by robot s cantoni f de nicola g di vita g totaro m european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
local bus : speeding video display wl rosch pc magazine  
a query language and optimization techniques for unstructured data . university of pennsylvania p buneman s davidson g hillebrand d suciu technical report ms-cis 96-09  
civic ideal into practice : democracy in the elementary school . curriculum concerns . r wade social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
viewpoint specification and z m ainsworth ah cruickshank lj groves pjl wallis   
a matter of degrees f fitter computerworld  
a variable span smoother . dept jh friedman  1984.0 
amplification and direct sequencing of fung al ribosomal rna genes for phylogenetics . innis m tj white t bruns s leeâ ? ¦  1990.0 
the agrarian revolution in georgia 1865-1912 rp brooks  1914.0 
from ideas and arguments to hyperdocuments : travelling through activity spaces na streitz j hannemann m thã 1/4 ring proceedings of the second annual acm conference on hypertext 1989.0 
vapor pressure of zinc cadmium and mercury ac egerton phil . mag  
application of the landsat data collection system in alaska dm anderson hl mckim & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1975.0 
bibliothek nr . 7721 ru von hans-gert roloff   
make linear models of op amps jr greenbaum electronic design  
improving cisc instruction decoding performance using a fill unit m franklin m smotherman proc . 28th ann . int &#39; l symp .  
a new micrograin cemented carbide alloy gs tendolkar s singh powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ; 1980.0 
antecedents to distance education and continuing education : time to fix them md froke new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
the impact of family status on black white and hispanic women 's commuting v preston s mclafferty e hamilton urban geography 1993.0 
transactions modeling c rolland c richard proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
statistical analyses and reproducible research r gentleman dt lang unpublished manuscript 2004.0 
a review of acoustooptical deflection and modulation devices ei gordon   
exploring the tradeoff between imbalance and separator size in nested dissection ordering e rothberg submitted for publication  
nature lond . 168 271 jm bijvoet af peerdeman aj van bommel bosnict-i b. ( 1969 ) â ? cents acc . chem . res  
measurements of cp-2 co-polar and cross-polar antenna illumination functions at s and x band rj keeler ph herzegh cl frush conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
security analysis of cryptographically controlled access to xml documents m abadi b warinschi   
corba : des concepts a la pratiqueâ ?? collection intereditions editions masson paris france 1997 j geib c gransart p merle   
speeding up the similarity search in multimedia database . t chen m nakazato ts huang   
naturwissenschafien 60 369 ( 1973 ) ; r. breslow g binsch acc . chem . res  
procol : a parallel object language with protocols j van den bos c laffra acm sigplan notices 1989.0 
fundamentals of acoustics le kinsler ar frey   
study of the steady flow produced by direct injection diesel engine intake ports jm desantes jv pastor a doudou proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
zinc supplementation in pregnancy k mahomed cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
responses to different quantum flux densities o bjã ¶ rkmanâ ? ¦ encyclopedia of plant physiology 1981.0 
denning and related activities of black bears in the coastal plain of north carolina rj hamilton rl marchinton international conference on bear research and management  
biogeography of the marine red algae of the south african west coast : a molecular approach mh hommersand s fredericq   
beam in gap measurements at the sns front-end s assadi w blokland c deibele w grice j   
a description language and pilot-system executive for information-transport systems e sandewall vldb 1979.0 
on the problem of the software cost function jj dolado information & software technology 2001.0 
hsv/aav rep1 hybrid amplicon vector improves the stability of transgene expression in human cells by y wang sm camp m niwano s shen jc bakowska xo  2002.0 
dnabootâ ?? bootstrap confidence intervals on dna parsimony 3.1 j felsenstein seattle : university of washington  
role of routine percutaneous hip aspirations prior to prosthesis revision es gould hg potter se bober skeletal radiology 1990.0 
the effects of bone plug length and screw diameter on the holding strength of bone-tendon-bone g pomeroy m baltz k pierz m nowak w post jp arthroscopy-new york - 1998.0 
simulating the impact of information flows in networked organizations p peters m jarke   
garcãa - solaco : â ?? suitability of data models as canonical models for federated dbsâ ?? c saltor acm sigmod record  
academic competitiveness among graduate students ma cretsinger  2003.0 
different patterns of fore-hindlimb coordination during overground locomotion in cats with ventral t bem t gã ³ rska h majczyå?ski w zmyså?owski experimental brain research 1995.0 
theory of probabilistic databases c roger proc . of the 13th vldb conference  
object-oriented real-time systems : concepts and examples te bihari   
the role of initial flaw size and plasticity in adjacent layers in channeling crack growth in thin jm ambrico mr begley submitted for publication 2002.0 
a cost model for nearest neighbor search in high-dimensional data space s berchtold hp kriegel   
deep blue 's hardware-software synergy s hamilton l garber   
implementing large production systems in a dbms environment t sellis c lin l raschid proceedings of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
compression for venous leg ulcers n cullum ea nelson aw fletcher ta sheldon cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
stochastic coding of speech signals at very low bit rates bs atal mr schroeder proc . int . conf . comm  
sellis 1991 : r. ng c. faloutsos and t. sellis flexible buffer allocation based on marginal gains f ng proc . acm sigmod  
the quantum theory of measurement p busch pj lahti p mittelstaedt  1991.0 
non structure theory s shelah to  
spectral difference method for unstructured grids i : basic formulation y liu m vinokur zj wang   
ch . 5 : 03 â § 7 ( 4 ) ( a ) - ( b ) ( e ) - ( g ) . other considerations include the particular history of marital mc act   
writing teaching assessment questions for precision and reflection wl rando new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
successful experience of using function points to estimate project costs early in the life-cycle r betteridge information and software technology  
a. and roberts ew 1939 ea owen phil . mag  
â ?? linear programming : the story about how it began . gb dantzig history of mathematical programming : a collection of  
applied xml programming for microsoft . net d esposito  2002.0 
r. and dobbs er 1955 jr barker phil . mag  
forage digestibility and fitness in grizzly bears fl bunnell t hamilton international conference on bear research and management  
hamilton cycles in split graphs with large minimum degree nd tan lx hung discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2004.0 
the tv-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional data ki lin hv jagadish c faloutsos the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
success with outsourcing and function pointsâ ?? doâ ?? s and donâ ?? ts ca dekkers procs . of software measurement european forum  
managing intervals efficiently inobject-relational databases hp kriegel m pã ¶ tke t seidl proc . 26thint . conf . on very large databases ( vldb )  
the rendezvous language and architecture for constructing multi-users applications r gill t brinck s rohall j patterson proceedings of acm tichi  
towards a sound view integration methodology ma casanova vmp vidal proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
corticosteroids for chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy ( cochrane review ) mm mehndiratta rac hughes cochrane database syst . rev 2001.0 
rationality and self-interest in peer to peer networks j shneidman dc parkes lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
noncrossing partitions in surprising locations preprint j mccammond university of californiaâ ?? santa barbara santa barbara ca  
hamiltonian methods in the theory of solitons ld faddeev la takhtajan  1987.0 
contribution to the theory and implementation of a magnetic cooling cycle with new thermal switches h quack & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1974.0 
conformal field theory p di francesco p mathieu  1996.0 
microsoft visual interdev k spencer e vincentâ ? ¦  1998.0 
random testing revisited . ps loo wk tsai information and software technology 1988.0 
good distance teaching : quality distance teaching = structured design + dialogue + communication ` in m parer  1994.0 
sic power-switching devicesâ ?? the second electronics revolution ? ja cooperjr a agarwal proceedings of the ieee 2002.0 
encouraging work reducing poverty g berlin   
california bill would put cap on year 2000 damages t hoffman computerworld  
integrating geographic information systems and agent-based modeling techniques for simulating social hr gimblett  2002.0 
fast and accurate text classification via multiple linear discriminant projections s chakrabarti s roy mv soundalgekar the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
s. shenker and l. zhang.â ?? macaw a media access protocol for wiiless lanâ ?? s : â ?? in v bharghavan a demers proc . acm  
mediator languagesâ ?? a proposal for a standard : report of an i 3/pob working group held at the p buneman l raschid j ullman acm sigmod record 1997.0 
investigation of polymeric space-charge and optically-nonlinear dipole electrets g yang  1996.0 
interventions for dysphagia in acute stroke pm bath fj bath dg smithard cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
interventions in the management of serum lipids for preventing stroke recurrence b manktelow c gillies jf potter cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
spontaneous pneumomediastinum sl bratton pp o'rourke journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
hm da keim and h.-p . kriegel â ?? a cost model for nearest neighbor search â ?? s berchtold c bo proc . 16th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . on principles of  
stages of faculty development . n ralph new directions for higher education 1973.0 
analyzing and reducing the communication gap . hk jacobson new directions for higher education 1979.0 
the united states pharmacopoeia convention inc. rockville us pharmacopoeia md  
establishing management objectives rl nolan acm sigmod record 1981.0 
encoding decoding and storing melodies for a data base of renaissance polyphony : a progress report hb lincoln vldb  
itâ ?? s time toimplement embedded networking and internetworking o pfeiffer jr rodrigues electronic design 2002.0 
orthotic devices for the treatment of tennis elbow pa struijs n smidt h arola c van dijk r cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
a theory of work-hardening of metal crystals nf mott phil . mag  
in search of standards jb baron rm baron new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
computational geometry by example m de berg m van kreveld m overmars o unpublished manuscript  
footstrike patterns during running over obstacles of different heights sd scholten n stergiou j houser d blanke proceedings of the 23rd meeting of the american society of & hellip ;  
different regimes in the ehrlich-schwoebel instability p politi j. phys . i france 1997.0 
distance education : agricultural student achievement mk swan proceedings of the 25 thnational agricultural education & hellip ;  
a distributed database for biomolecular images ak singh bs manjunath rf murphy sigmod record 2004.0 
characterization and chromaticity of q-trees ã?n egecioglu lp shen  1986.0 
j. davin '' snmp security protocols '' trusted information systems inc. hughes lan systems inc j galvin k mccloghrie mit laboratory for computer science rfc  
reducing the braking distance of an sql query engine mj carey d kossmann vldb 1998.0 
joseph m. hellersteirr potter 's wheel : an interactive data cleaning system v raman university of california at berkeley proceedings of the & hellip ;  
an efficient structure for string databases t kahveci ak singh vldb rome september  
zotepine for schizophrenia m fenton s morris p de-silva a bagnall sj cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
improving software quality and productivity dn card tl clark ra berg information and software technology 1987.0 
strategy making and structure : analysis and implications for performance d miller the academy of management journal 1987.0 
worst-case complexity analysis of methods for logic query implementation a marchetti-spaccamella a pelaggi d sacca proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
nonlinear blind source separation by self-organizing maps p pajunen a hyvarinen j karhunen proc . int . conf . on neural information  
sons 2001 j wiley   
new approach for bone marrow transplantation in patients with class 3 thalassemia aged younger than p sodani d gaziev p polchi b erer c giardini blood-new york - 2004.0 
cellstreamâ ?? pilot customer experience j chauhan id gallagher bt technology journal 1998.0 
a 200 plus seat restaurant and cafe facility was constructed at a cost of $ 2,012,764 i september  2003.0 
ambulatory venous pressure measurements a kriessman see ref  
how lossy compression shrinks images . b simon pc  
nearest neighbor searching and applications s arya  1996.0 
measurement of silicon strength as affected by wafer back processing g hawkins h berg m mahalingamâ ? ¦ 25 thannual proceedings : reliability physics ieee  
luca15 a putative tumour suppressor gene encoding an rna-binding nuclear protein is down-regulated h edamatsu y kaziro h itoh genes to cells 2000.0 
performance evaluation of attribute-based tree organization v gopalakrishna ce veni madhavan acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
how faithfully should the electronic office simulate the real one j johnson acm sigchi bulletin 1987.0 
the solution of nonlinear operator equations with critical points . j davis  1966.0 
a controlled experiment on the understandability of different requirements specification styles e kamsties a von knethen r reussner procs of  
fine-grain protocol execution mechanisms & scheduling policies on smp clusters b falsafi  1998.0 
the field drift of ions and its influence on the electrical properties of sno 2 ( abstract only ) av ignatov av burlak vv serdyuk v lantto s oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the piazza peer data management system ay halevy zg ives j madhavan p mork d suciu i ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
pier : using interactive multimedia m nilsson u nulden submitted for publication  
on the precision measurement of air velocity by means of the linear hot-wire anemometer lv king phil . mag  
interactive storytelling system using behavior-based non-verbal information : zenetic computer n tosa s matsuoka k miyazaki proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
learning source description for data integration ah doan p domingos ay levy webdb ( informal proceedings ) 2000.0 
hsg48 reducing error and influencing behaviour uk hse isbn  
human neutrophils utilize a rac/cdc42-dependent mapk pathway to direct intracellular granule b zhong k jiang dl gilvary pk epling-burnette blood-new york - 2003.0 
parametric query optimization ye ioannidis rt ng k shim tk sellis the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
data compression in oracle m poess d potapov proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
beam commissioning of the j-parc linac dtl-1 at kek y kondoâ ? ¦ proc . of 29th linac meeting in japan ( in japanese ) & hellip ;  
cytoskeleton and red cell shape s svetina a iglic v kralj-iglic b zeks cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
the dimensionality of self-esteem : ii . hierarchical facet model for revised measurement scales js fleming be courtney journal of personality and social psychology  
the major seventh : standards as a leading tone in higher education . c adelman new directions for higher education 1983.0 
optimizing queries across diverse data sources h laura hd kossmann el wimmersâ ? ¦ ptoc . 23rd int . conf . on vety large data bases  
routing on longest-matching prefixes w doeringer g karjoth m nassehi ieee/acm transactions on networking ( ton ) 1996.0 
do diverse juries aid or impede justice ? ks klein td klastorin wisconsin law review 1999.0 
the aurora experimental framework for the performance evaluation of speech recognition systems under d pearce hg hirsch   
cognitive style categorization and vocational effectss on performance of rel database users dg egly kt wescourt acm sigsoc bulletin 1981.0 
specs : personal pervasive systems m lamming d bohm   
carotid endarterectomy for symptomatic carotid stenosis cs cina cm clase rb haynes cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
becoming famous overnight : limits on the ability to avoid unconscious influences of the past ll jacoby c kelley j brown j jasechko journal of personality and social psychology  
algal class abundances in the western equatorial pacific : estimation from hplc measurements of dj mackey hw higgins md mackey d holdsworth deep-sea research i 1998.0 
integrating path and timing analysis using instruction-level simulation techniques t lundqvist p stenstroem lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
implementation of the epsilon dataflow processor vg grafe je hoch proceedings of the 23rd hawaii international conference on & hellip ;  
efficient frequency domain digital video scrambling for content access control w zeng s lei proc . acm  
on the implementation of bayes-optimal generalizers d wolpert p stolorz  1992.0 
components of reward in social dilemmas ss komorita jm barth journal of personality and social psychology 1985.0 
a comparison between deterministic and probabilistic approaches to the phenomenon of anomalous m kotulska cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
exceeding the datatlow lit via value prediction mh lipasti jp shen proc . of 29th international symposium on  
analysis of nonlinear resonance in rotated y-cut quartz thickness-shear resonators hf tiersten proc . 29th annual freg . control symposium  
images of anrâ ?? s g kozlowski unpublished  
composing mappings among data sources a halevy j madhavan proceedings of the conference on very large databases & hellip ;  
dual outer approximation methods for concave programs and reverse convex programs pt thach h tuy   
pharmacologic management of hypertensive crisis in the emergency department jj foley journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
d. suciu storing semistructured data with stored a deustsch m fernandez sigmod int &#39; s conf . on management of data  
adopting strategies to speeding rural labor transferring s yang access at  
adaptive fuzzy median filter p yu cs lee proc int symp artificial neural networks 1993.0 
significance of coagulation-flocculation and filtration operations in wastewater reclamation and t asano g tchobanoglous rc cooper   
effects of threats to attitudinal freedom as a function of agreement with the communicator s worchel jw brehm journal of personality and social psychology 1970.0 
redefining instructional materials : social science 2000 connections challenges choices . curriculum r wadeâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
the piazza peer data mgt project i tatarinovâ ? ¦ sigmod rec  
high-performance string searching : how a smart algorithm can make a big difference j prosise pc magazine  
separation and biostimulation of soybeans using high-intensity electric fields r morar a iuga l dascalescu v neamtu i proc . int . conf . modern  
optimization techniques for unstructured data p buneman s davidson g hillebrand d suciu a proc . of sigmod san diego  
modeltng concept8 for vlsi cad objecte ds batory w kim acm transactions on database systems ( 10 )  
parameter identification of linear systems using nonlinear noninvertible measurements ds bayard m eslami proceedings of the 23rd  
information literacy : overcoming barriers to implementation dw farmer new directions for higher education 1992.0 
adaptive stabilization of multivariable linear systems ci byrnes jc willems proceedings of the 23rd conference on decision and control & hellip ;  
attachment styles among young adults k bartholomew lm horowitz journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
my language my culture : international variations in standards for english jc stalker new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
ta training resources . dl wright new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
matching range images of human faces jc lee e milios   
mmse detection of cdma signals u madhow mi honig proc . int . symp . inform . theory  
compressed suffix arrays and suffix trees with applications to text indexing and string matching r grossi js vitter   
soil microbiol . biochem ea paul fe clark  1989.0 
reconstruction and interpretation of 3d body surface images l dekker bf buxton i douros t vassilev procs of scanning  
aids in the elderly : new york city vital statistics tj gaeta c lapolla e melendez journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
the large deflection of simply supported beams hd conway phil . mag  
utilization of mycorrhizal fungi in citrus nurseries ja menge h lembright elv johnson proc int soc citriculture  
gain measurements in optically pumped far-infrared laser media a semet s obenschain nc luhmann jr & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
trypanocidal drugs for chronic asymptomatic trypanosoma cruzi infection jc villar ja marin-neto s ebrahim s yusuf cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
viki : spatial hypertext supporting emergent structure cm catherine ms frank hc james proc . acm  
icatect : integrating design tools for preliminary architectural design r amor msc thesis department of computer science victoria university  
ingham â ?? constructing reliable web applications using atomic actionsâ ?? sk little sj shrivastava db caughey computer networks  
based blind source separation december 2001 : ica2001 conference s rickard r balan jrrt time-frequency san diego  
employing the periphery : the window as interface . chi '99 extended abstracts pittsburgh may 1999 r rodenstein acm press new  
measurement of distance and height in images based on easy attainable calibration parameters t bucher   
fundamentals of an optimal multirate subband coding of cyclostationary signals d kula radioengineering-prague - 2000.0 
environmental control of hair and sporangial formation in the marine red alga acrochaetium ja west proc . int . seaweed symp  
asymptotics in statistics lm le cam l marie gl yang   
networked multimedia event exploration p appan h sundaram proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
design and evaluation of incremental data structures and algorithms for dynamic query interfaces '' e tanin   
l. and eliã `` ns a.â ?? style sheet support for hypermedia documentsâ ?? j van ossenbruggen lr hardman proceedings of acm hypertext  
a database management system for the federal courts jr buchanan rd fennell h samet acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 
an agenda for human-computer interaction : science and engineering serving human needs g marchionini j sibert acm sigchi bulletin 1991.0 
ordering fullerene materials at nanometer dimensions . dm guldi f zerbetto v georgakilas m prato acc chem res 2005.0 
no pervasive computing without intelligent systems sg thompson b azvine bt technology journal 2004.0 
transfusion thresholds and other strategies for guiding allogeneic red blood cell transfusion sr hill pa carless da henry jl carson pc cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
transformation : the missing link of mda a gerber m lawley k raymond j steel a wood lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
a. ellis john r. ruttenberg john . c. and nicolau alexandru . parallel processing : a smart j fisher proc . acm  
john hopkins press : baltimore b mc elroy md  
bilateral filtering for gray and color images '' int ' l conf c tomasi r manduchi comp . vis. bombay india  
updating xml i tatarnov zg ives ay halevy ds wed proceedings of sigmodâ ?? 01  
theory of molecular liquids cg gray ke gubbins vol . i fundamentals  
applying traits to the smalltalk collection classes ap black n scharli s ducasse   
appreciating diverse learners in the social studies classroom . children 's literature . t mcgowanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
constructing and integrating data-centric web applications : methods tools and techniques s ceri i manolescu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
designing the user interface : strategies for effective human-computer interaction third b shneiderman   
immunotherapy for recurrent miscarriage jr scott cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
estimating the support of a high dimensional distribution [ r ] . 1999 b scholkopf cp john st johnâ ? ¦ microsoft technical  
honeycomb-automated nids signature generation using honeypots poster paper c kreibich proceedings of acm sigcomm  
calculating the heat-transfer crisis in steam generators heated by sodium pl kirillov vf titov ns smirnovâ ? ¦ at .  
a 1966 ieee trans g farral electronic  
boundary-layer transition on a swept cylinder y kohama m ukaku f ohta proc . int . conf . fluid mech  
the x-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional data . 22nd conf . on very large database 1996 s berchtold d keim hp kriegel bombay  
the object filter and access control framework v hays m loutrel eb fernandez   
an observational study of how objects support engineering design thinking and communication : m breretron b mcgarry proceedings acm press  
function-class decomposition : a hybrid software engineering method ck chang   
ifind ca system for semantics and feature based image retrieval over internet hj zhang l wenyin c hu   
radioimmunoassay relat . proced d rodbard pj munson a delean med. proc . int . symp  
adult learning theory and the pursuit of adult degrees r kiely lr sandmann j truluck new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
workplace privacy issues : avoiding liability 52 ali-aba 697 702 ( 1999 ) . summary judgment for the sfc morris jr   
how effective are different welfare-to-work approaches ? five-year adult and child impacts g hamilton s freedman l gennetian c  2001.0 
efficacy of sane evidence collection : a minnesota study le ledray k simmelink journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
racism conservatism affirmative action and intellectual sophistication : a matter of principled j sidanius f pratto l bobo journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
housing and management aspects influencing gilt development and longevity : a review dg levis proceedings of the 2000 allen d. leman swine  
information architecture : a new discipline for organizing hypertext opening keynote speech at p kahn proceedings of acm hypertext &#39; 01  
safety-critical systems design bp douglass   
factors affecting the expression of trifluoroacetylated liver microsomal protein neoantigens in rats jg kenna jl martin h satoh lr pohl   
diverse world of unconventional hydrogen bonds . nv belkova es shubina lm epstein acc . chem . res 2005.0 
on database theory and xml d suciu sigmod record 2001.0 
serial abdominal ultrasound in the setting of trauma1 so henderson j sung d mandavia journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
measurement and prediction of the verification cost of the design in a formalized methodology h robain y albouy m dabas m descloitres c information and software technology 1999.0 
study on mechanical and optical characteristics of reverse dispersion fiber cables m morimoto 48th iwcs procs  
performance modeling of las based scheduling in packet switched networks ia rai g urvoy-keller m vernon ew biersack proc . of acm sigmetrics-performance  
how to balance real and nominal convergence ? the case of poland p durajsz  2001.0 
essa . image-basedmotion blur for stop motion animation gj brostow andi proceedings of acm siggraph  
two layer vector quantization of images j mihalik   
artistic creation as stimulated by superimposed versus separated visual images rs sobel a rothenberg journal of personality and social psychology 1980.0 
mining anomalies using traffic feature distributions a lakhina m crovella c diot   
nist chemical kinetics database : version 5.0 . national institute of standards and technology wg mallard f westley jt herron rf hampson dh md  
separation and information hiding portal.acm.org   
serving culturally diverse populations : a social imperative for adult and continuing education . jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
microsoft office 2000 visual basic for applications : fundamentals ds boctor  1999.0 
using taxonomy discriminants and signatures for navigating in text databases '' vldb 1997 446-455 s chakrabarti d dom r agrawal p raghavan the vldb journal  
the tunnel-emission amplifier ca mead proc . ire  
performance measurements of compressed bitmap indices t johnson proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ; 1999.0 
a viewpoint dependent stereoscopic display using interpolation of multi-viewpoint images a katayama k tanaka t oshino h tamura proc . spie 1995.0 
s and walker dg 1965 b hickman phil . mag  
designing the user interface : supplemental materials university of maryland at college park b shneiderman md  
pholidoptera griseoaptera in der fragmentierten agrarlandschaft des schweizer mittellandes d csencsics  2002.0 
optimizing queries across diverse data sources lm haas d kossmann el wimmers j yang vldb 1997.0 
incremental data structures and algorithms for dynamic query interfaces etrbb shneiderman  1996.0 
wage discrimination : reduced form and structural estimates as blinder the journal of human resources 1973.0 
a combined framework for grouping and order optimization g moerkotte t neumann proc . vldb  
canadaâ ?? s community colleges : a critical analysis published by university of british columbia jd dennison p gallagher   
continuous nearest search t tao d papadias q shen  2002.0 
erp project problems plague city payroll c stedman computerworld  
compror : compression with a factor oracle a lefebvre t lecroq proceedings of the data compression conference ( dcc &#39; 01 ) 2001.0 
the efficacy of intravenous droperidol in the prehospital setting cl rosen af ratliff re wolfe sw branney e jedd journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
handling real-time images comes naturally to systolic array chip w hannaway g shea wr bishop electronic design  
3rorqlf * 1hjrl 9 using borehole measurements with the object of improving the knowledge of xju yhvfx proceedings international symposiumâ ?? 25 years of research  
a splitter filter for use with vdsl at the cabinet jw cook bt technology journal 2001.0 
pcb interconnect characterization from tdr measurements d smolyansky s corey electronic engineering 1999.0 
fast probabilistic algorithms for hamiltonian circuits and matchings d angluin lg valiant proceedings of the ninth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ; 1977.0 
decoupling multivariable self-tuning controller for varying time delays f mahieddine as morris   
potter 's wheel : an interactive data cleaning system v raman jm hellerstein vldb 2001.0 
hypertext : a survey and introduction j conklin ieee computer  
rofecoxib for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis s garner d fidan r frankish m judd t towheed cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
a course in combinatorics 2nd ed. 2001 jh van lint rm wilson   
geometrical methods of nonlinear analysis ma krasnosel ` skii pp zabreiko  1984.0 
xerox parc â ?? analysis and simulation of a fair queuing algorithm â ?? a demers s keshav s shenker proc . acm sigcomm symposium  
optimized query execution in large search engines with global page ordering x long t suel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
physics of high bootstrap fraction high performance plasmas on the diii-d tokamak mr wade tc luce jr ferron pa politzer dp   
low molecular weight heparins versus unfractionated heparin for acute coronary syndromes kd magee w sevcik d moher bh rowe cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
experiences with building middleware for audio and visual networked home appliances on commodity t nakajima proceedings of the acm international conference on  
large-eddy simulation of a blu-body ow on unstructured grids s camarri mv salvetti b koobus a dervieux submitted for publication 2001.0 
hons ( at least 8 months spent in a spanish-speaking country ) y spanish   
a comparative study of arbitration algorithms for the alpha 21364 router pipelined router s mukherjee f silla p bannon j emer s lang d proc . acm  
topical ointment for preventing infection in preterm infants jm conner rf soll wh edwards cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
mecamylamine ( a nicotine antagonist ) for smoking cessation t lancaster lf stead cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
tricyclic and related drugs for nocturnal enuresis in children cm glazener jh evans cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
ocular injuries in battered women . s beck s feitag n singer journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
testing a system specified using statecharts and z rm hierons s sadeghipour h singh   
separation power of a gas centrifuge and some errors in optimizing it oe aleksandrov at .  
the active database management systems manifesto kr dittrich s gatziu a geppert sigmod record  
applied logistic regression : john wiley & sons dw hosmer s lemeshow new york  
promoting universal usability with multi-layer interface design b shneiderman   
an approach to novelty detection applied to the classification of image regions s singh m markou ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
on saying ã cents â ? ¬ å?enough already ! ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in sql mj carey d kossmann proc . acm sigmod  
influence of cytokine genotypes on allograft rejection iv hutchinson dm turner d sankaran mr awad pj transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
instructional consultation in a statewide setting ma kerwin new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
easing the transition to an rbrvs-based physician compensation system pp louiselle   
monolithic capacitive pressure sensor with cmos readout circuit m ylimaula m ã?berg j kiihamã $ ki h ronkainen proc . 29th european solid-state circuits  
zippered polygon meshes from range images g turk m levoy proceedings of siggraph 1994.0 
transport phenomena . john wiley and sons new york 1960 rb bird we stewart en lightfoot   
data base decomposition in a hierarchical computer system portal.acm.org   
the xps approach to loading and unloading terabyte databases s atal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
grand challenges in embedded systems j sztipanovits j glossner t mudge c rowen a proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
spatial and directional filter characteristics of single units in the optic nerve of the california me mccourt  1982.0 
public-key functions as intractable as factorization . '' m rabin d signatures mit/lcs/tr -212 mit laboratory for computer science cambridge  
reconsidering the diagnosis and treatment of very young children with autistic spectrum or pervasive si greenspan zero to three  
mussel aquaculture in puget sound d skidmore kk chew  1985.0 
working with metafiles : modifying and sharing vector-oriented images c petzold pc magazine  
braking performance simulation for a tractor-semitrailer vehicle with an air brake system mw suh yk park sj kwon proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
query previews for networked information systems : a case study with nasa environmental data q previews   
probabilistic information theory f jelinek new  
analysis of link cost functions for pnni routing a magi a szentesi b szviatovszki computer networks 2000.0 
acoustic indicators of topic segmentation j hirschberg c nakatani   
in search of software maintenance productivity and quality : does software complexity matter ? rd banker sa slaughter proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
hancock . 3dsurface topography from intensity images p worthingtonande procs . international conference on computer vision  
scalable peer-to-peer networked virtual environment sy hu gm liao proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004.0 
composing crosscutting concerns using composition filters l bergmans m aksit communications-acm 2001.0 
the xml typechecking problem d suciu sigmod record 2002.0 
a database interface for an integrated cad system c jullien a leblond j lecourvoisier proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
querying the internet with pier n ahmed   
parametric state-feedback control for arbitrary eigenvalue assignment with minimum sensitivity tj owens jo ` reilly & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1989.0 
august 30 2000 oregon department of geology and mineral industries baker city field office m ferns ecology and environment inc. seattle  
co2 as an exhaust emissions surrogate in small dieselized mines mk gangal ed dainty g kunchur procs . 5th us mine ventilation symposium  
shin ` ichi satoh the sr-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional nearest neighbor queries n katayama proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference  
modeling concepts for vlsi cad objects ( abstract only ) ds batory w kim proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1985.0 
it agenda 2004 : which technologies will it leaders put to the test this year m brandel computerworld  
synchronization coherence and event ordering in multiprocessors m dubios c scheurich f briggs ieee computer  
addressing the problems of bayesian network classification of video using high-dimensional features a mittal lf cheong ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
seahorses : an identification guide to the world 's species and their conservation . 224pp sa lourie acj vincent hj hall isbn  
corticosteroids for hellp syndrome in pregnancy p matchaba j moodley cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
improving interactive information retrieval effectiveness with 3-d graphics r swan j allan   
lanczos type methods for systems of linear equations c brezinski h sadok   
anthrax threats : a report of two incidents from salt lake city er swanson de fosnocht journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
a method for retrieving music data with different bit rates using mpeg-4 twinvq audio compression m kobayakawa m hoshi k onishi proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
object query standards ae wade sigmod record 1996.0 
on automatic annotation of images with latent space models f monay d gatica-perez   
special issue on constructing software engineering tools j gray a liu l scott information & software technology 2000.0 
cr acad . sci . paris 314 ss chern serie i  
introducing information technology fundamentals into the undergraduate curriculum rj voigt electronic  
depot fluphenazine for schizophrenia ce adams m eisenbruch cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a new gravity anomaly separation approach : differential markov random field ( dmrf ) on ucan b sen am albora a ã?zmen electronic geosciences  
experiences in integrated multi-domain management d lewis t tiropanis a mcewan c redmond v wade proceedings ifip/ieee international conference on management & hellip ;  
r. damrauer jh bowie and jc sheldon ch depuy acc . chem . res  
the scattering of î ± and î ² particles by matter and the structure of the atom e rutherford phil . mag 1911.0 
theory of elasticity s timoshenko jn goodier   
teamwork key to workgroup success r hamilton   
assessment theory for college classrooms sm brookhart new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
susceptibility to metals and radical-inducing chemicals of metallothionein-null mice m satoh c tohyama see ref  
geometric structures in systems theory pe crouch iee proceedings part d - control theory and applications 1981.0 
a characterization of the dirichlet distribution applicable to learning bayesian networks ( revised ) d geiger d heckerman  1995.0 
vera a rule-based verification assistant for vlsi circuit design ap kostelijk proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
field ion microscope examination of heavy ion radiation damage in iridium . ii . analysis of vacancy ja hudson bl dury b ralph phil . mag 1970.0 
big merger year leaves out it j king computerworld  
a computer-based corporate planning system wf hamilton ma moses management science 1974.0 
the effect of learning styles on student performance in interactive video courses r rudd r telg proceedings of the 25 thnational agricultural education & hellip ;  
efficient incremental garbage collection for client-server object database systems l amsaleg m franklin vldb 1995.0 
how seductive details do their damage : a cognitive theory of interest in science learning sf harp  1997.0 
the bookmark and the compass : orientation tools for hypertext users m bernstein   
the evolutionary cost of learning g mayley   
a dos-limiting network architecture x yang d wetherall t anderson proceedings of acm sigcomm 2005.0 
time traveling with children 's literature . pull-out feature 1 . m aronson social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
antibiotics for preterm rupture of membranes s kenyon m boulvain j neilson cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
linear time algorithm for isomorphism of planar graphs ( preliminary report ) je hopcroft jk wong proceedings of the sixth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ; 1974.0 
storing semistructured data with stored a deuntsch m fernandez d suciu proceedings of acm  
early childhood environment rating scale . revised edition t harms rm clifford d cryer   
pamela space mission : the transition radiation detec-tor m ambriola r bellotti f cafagna m circella c   
influence of brothers and sisters on sex-role behavior gs leventhal journal of personality and social psychology 1970.0 
deconvolution in compton profile measurements p paatero s manninen t paakkari phil . mag. 1974.0 
cytologic diagnosis of fat emboli in peripheral blood during sickle cell infarctive crisis kh van hoeven jl wanner sk ballas   
a new randomized algorithm for document fingerprinting s ganguly g veda   
precision based precision timing without gps a pasztor d veitch proceedings of acm  
for the pierre auger collaboration m roth proc . 28th icrc ( tsukuba japan 2003 )  
centralized end-to-end flow control in a best-effort network-on-chip p avasare v nollet jy mignolet d verkest h proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
jet scour in cohesive and non-cohesive sediments . sa ansari uc kothyari kg ranga raju proc. 2nd int . ( 29th national ) conf . on fluid mechanics and & hellip ;  
temperature and velocity measurements in a hypersonic laminar boundary layer soâ ?? byrne pm danehy afp houwing s mallinson p proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on shock  
on the origin of the hungarian method hw kuhn history of mathematical programming : a collection of  
the research scanning polarimeter : calibration and ground-based measurements b cairns proc . spie 1999.0 
ability schooling and earnings : are twins different ? d blanchflower p elias  1999.0 
electromagnetic waves tj bromwich phil . mag  
vitamin e for intermittent claudication j kleijnen d mackerras cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
automatic clustering for browsing personal photographs jc platt m czerwinskim bp field microsoft research technical report msr-tr-2002-17  
feature extraction via generalized uncorrelated linear discriminant analysis j ye r janardan q li h park proc . 21st intâ ?? l conf . machine learning 2004.0 
decoupling partitioning and grouping : overcoming shortcomings of spatial indexing with bucketing h samet acm trans . database syst 2004.0 
piecewise smoothing for blurred images based on nonlinear diffusion equation [ z ] g xin l laifu   
prosocial studies . curriculum concerns . r wadeâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
limusa wiley 2002 dc montgomery gc runger   
tests of significance : theory and method in research on self-esteem tj scheff dj fearon & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa barbara  
comparison of evolutionary and deterministic multiobjective algorithms for dose optimization in n milickovic m lahanas d baltas n zamboglou lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
linear programming v chvatal  1983.0 
improved server assisted signatures k bicakci n baykal k bicakci n baykal computer networks 2005.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : surgery mj wagner jm wightman gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
the pascal p compiler : implementation notes ( revised edition ) kv nori u ammann k jensen hh nageli c jacobi tech . rep. 10 eth zurich switzerland oct. .  
an adaptive array in a spread-spectrum communication system rt compton ieee proceedings 1978.0 
poly manual d matthews acm sigplan notices 1985.0 
needed : graphics standards . t clarkson computerworld. 1985.0 
does reduced length of stay decrease the number of emergency department patients who leave without cmb fernandes a price jm christenson journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
bilder in der landeskunde lang mã 1/4 nchen 1996 d macaire w hosch   
a rule-based object/task modelling approach q chen proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1986.0 
piecewise polynomial solutions of aerosol dynamics a sandu  2004.0 
density-dependent shifts of hydrogen maser standards sb crampton htm wang   
r. impagliazzo t. pitassi and s. rudich reducing the complexity of reductions m agrawal e allender proc . 29th acm symposium on theory of computing ( 1997 )  
fuzzy neural network aided adaptive extended kalman filtering for gps navigation dj jwo hc huang submitted for  
context-sensitive learning methods for text categorization wc william s yoram  1996.0 
new paradigms for constructing symmetric encryption schemes secure against chosen-ciphertext attack a desai lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
lateral inhibition through delta-notch signaling : a piecewise affine hybrid model r ghosh cj tomlin lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
eiffel : a design and implementation language for software engineering b meyer inter. university of california santa barbara novembre  
r. & mutter m. ( 1981 ) vn pillai acc . chem .  
an adaptive query execution engine for data integration z ives d florescu m friedman a levy d weld proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of data 1999.0 
understanding ` variation ' in component-based development : case findings from practice m lycett information & software technology 2001.0 
on reverse nearest neighbor queries a maheshwari j vahrenhold n zeh   
hypertext : anintroductionandsurvey j conklin ieee computer  
constructing and integrating data-centric web applications s ceri i manolescu methods tools and techniques vldb  
coarse-grain dynamics and the conley decomposition theorem de norton  1994.0 
communication strategies for shared-bus embedded multiprocessors nk bambha ss bhattacharyya proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
updating xml acm sigmod int i tatarinov zg ives ay halevy ds weld conf . on management of data  
ground radar target classification using singular value decomposition and multilayer perceptron z matousek j kurty i mokris   
constructing the next 100 database management systems : like the handyman or like the engineer ? a geppert kr dittrich sigmod record 1994.0 
a nonlinear model of a turbine blade by asymptotic analysis jm rodriguez   
multicommodity distribution system design by benders decomposition am geoffrion gw graves management science 1974.0 
hypertext presentation of thesauri used in online searching . r pollard   
a logic of object-oriented programs m abadi krm leino lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
networked gamesâ ?? a qos-sensitive application for qos-insensitive users ? t henderson s bhatti   
data intensive production systems : the dips approach tk sellis cc lin l raschid sigmod record 1989.0 
fault detection in rule-based software systems d wang r hao d lee information and software technology 2003.0 
a vlsi decomposition of the de bruijn graph o collins s dolinar r mceliece f pollara   
mexican bank finds crisis control t hoffman computerworld  
untraceable mobility or how to travel incognito g ateniese a herzberg h krawczyk g tsudik computer networks 1999.0 
coping stress and social resources among adults with unipolar depression ag billings rh moos journal of personality and social psychology 1984.0 
limits of performance in reference-tracking and path-following for nonlinear systems ap aguiar jp hespanha p kokotovic   
concurrent signatures l chen c kudla kg paterson lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
traffimaticsâ ?? a pervasive view of co-operative vehicle highway systems g bilchev bt technology  
the piazza peer data management project i tatarinovâ ? ¦ sigmod record 2003.0 
rational homotopy of leibniz algebras m livernet manuscripta mathematica 1998.0 
international extrepreneurship : the intersection of two research paths pp mcdougall bm oviatt   
beyond the electronic book s moulthrop proc . 3rd acm hypertext conference  
neptune : a hypertext system for cad applications n delisle m schwartz proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference  
interoperability standards and software agent systems m lyell   
design by morphogenesis c hoile r tateson bt technology journal 2000.0 
hopf algebras me sweedler  1969.0 
rule-based approach to computerized map reading ai abdelmoty mh williams jmp quinn information and software technology 1993.0 
electrocardiographic manifestations : benign early repolarization1 wj brady tc chan journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
an analysis of three gigabit networking protocols for storage area networks v kaladhar ieee computer  
the prolog phenomenon d mcdermott acm sigart bulletin 1980.0 
observationsâ ?? geography and development : â ?? core and peripheryâ ?? r potter area  
amnioinfusion for meconium-stained liquor in labour gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
on detecting feature interactions in programmable service environment of internet telephony m nakamura p leelaprute k matsumoto t kikuno computer networks 2004.0 
implementation of a keyhole svd encoding technique for dynamic imaging magn reson med 1995 lp panych c oesterle gp zientara j hennig submitted for  
storing semi-structured data with stored dm fernandez d suciu & hellip ; pennslyvania : proceedings of the acm sigmod conference  
cad of rectangular microstrip antennas v schejbal radioengineering-prague - 1999.0 
ergodic theory ip cornfeld sv fomin yg sinai  1982.0 
data report : high-resolution stable isotope stratigraphy of the late middle eocene at site 1050 bs wade rd norris d kroon kroon d. proceedings of the ocean drilling program & hellip ;  
defining and assessing disadvantagement b fuller pp mcnamara new directions for higher education 1978.0 
branch history table indexing to prevent pipeline bubbles in wide-issue superscalar processors ty yeh yn patt proc . 26th annu . int . symp . microarchitecture 1993.0 
steady-state analysis of nonlinear circuits with periodic inputs ( computer aided steady state tj aprille ieee proceedings 1972.0 
screw dislocations etch figures and holes fh horn phil . mag  
general convergence results for linear discriminant updates aj grove n littlestone d schuurmans machine learning 2001.0 
accurate and fast modeling of planar inductors in cmos technologies j lescot j haidar f ndagijimana proc . 29th eur . solid state device research conf  
mullaproeessor hash-based jom algorithms d dewltt r gerber & hellip ; of the 1985 vldb conference stockholm sweden august  
research and practice in federated information systems mr ii gj houben rd kutsche k subieta b rieger sigmod record 2000.0 
theory of orientation and stereoselection k fukui  1970.0 
database management systems on a multi-computer computer m sinutko sigmod record 1977.0 
polarization diversity measurements by x - and ka-band radar k nakamura h inomata j awaka k okamoto t conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
the detection of asw aircraft by their underwater acoustic signaturesâ ?? a theoretical and j nitsche j waters proc . 29th navy symp . underwater  
fiscal year 1996 a report microsoft  
ancient images ancient thought : the archaeology of ideology as goldsmith s garvie d selin j smith proceedings of the 23rd annual chacmool conference . & hellip ;  
thermal decomposition of dinitrobenzofuroxan adducts with metal hydroxides b lurie e nikitina v sinditskii proc . of the 29th annual conf . on thermal analysis and  
agility through discipline : a debate k beck b boehm   
increased volume/length of stay for pediatric mental health patients : one ed 's response j meunier-sham journal of emergency nursing 2003.0 
september 11 2000 clerk city of sumpter telephone conversation regarding use of city of sumpter t thompson ecology and environment inc. seattle  
conservative visibility preprocessing using extended projections g schaufler j dorsey x decoret f sillion proc . of acm siggraph  
a cognitive model for minspeak nw bray 5th annual minspeak conference seattle washington & hellip ;  
neural-network nonlinear adaptive filtering using the extended kalman filter algorithm mb matthews gs moschytz proc . int . conf . neural  
using taxonomy discriminan ts and signatures for navigating in text databases . in : proc of the s chakrabarti b dom r agrawal  1997.0 
surfactant for meconium aspiration syndrome in full term infants rf soll p dargaville cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
nist electron effective-attenuation-length database version 1.0 national institute of standards cj powell a jablonski md  
a fast index for semistructured data b cooper n sample mj franklin gr hjaltason m vldb 2001.0 
potential and local efficiency of centrifuge separation of a nonisotopic binary mixture of gases vi tokmantsev at .  
adultlearnersand internetbased distance education in adult learning and the internet dv estmond new directions for adult and continuing education  
the influence of the complex electric permittivity and grain size on microwave drying of the grained i florek m lovas fizykochemiczne problemy mineralurgii 1995.0 
materials and devices using double-pumped phosphors with energy transfer fe auzel  1973.0 
water resources engineering . rk linsley   
a bist scheme using microprogram rom for large capacity memories h koike t takeshima m takada proc . int . test conf 1990.0 
time varying parametric modeling of speech . mg hall av oppenheim as willsky signal proc. 1983.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : internal m markham gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
homotopy lie algebras lower central series and the koszul property preprint ( 2001 ) available at s papadima ai suciu   
molecular approaches to assessing red sea urchin ( strongylocentrotus franciscanus ) populations : p debenham  1997.0 
the invention oftradition e hobsbawm t ranger new  
induced representations and normal subgroups g mackey proc . int . symp . linear  
total design 1988 s pugh ie morley   
incremental distance join algorithms for spatial databases gr hjaltason h samet sigmod conference 1998.0 
viewpoint hypercomputation : hype or computation ? c teuscher m sipper communications-acm 2002.0 
asymptotic equilibrium of nonlinear difference systems r medina m pinto   
maintaining unstructured case bases - group of 4 & raquo ; k racine q yang lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
pharmacotherapy for hypertension in women of different races a quan k kerlikowske f gueyffierâ ? ¦ cochrane database syst rev  
the initial time layer problem and the quasineutral limit in the drift-diffusion model for i gasser d levermore p markowich c schmeiser submitted for publication  
non-resonant pitch-angle scattering : comparison with the measurements for solar cosmic rays br ragot   
solving the project time/cost tradeoff problem using the minimal cut concept s phillips jr mi dessouky management science 1977.0 
distributed dbms means cost trouble js bozman computerworld  
astronom . and astrophys sk rosswogâ ? ¦   
tuiqiao : a hypertext tool for requirements analysis k takahashi c potts submitted for publication  
nocturnal mechanical ventilation for chronic hypoventilation in patients with neuromuscular and d annane jc chevrolet s chevret jc raphael cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the west and american ideals . fj turner  1914.0 
lira : an approach for service differentiation in the internet i stoica h zhang   
a performance comparison of the ibm rs/6000 and the astronautics zs-1 w mangione-smith sg abraham es davidson   
hanssen jr. aquanet : a hypertext tool to hold your knowledge in place cm catherine gh frank ar russel c william proc . acm  
the structure of images . < i > biol jj koenderink cybern . < / i  
sensorless force reflecting teleoperation for low cost web-interfaced systems r oboe s piovan   
stellar magnetic fields sn udovichenko gg valyavin vg shtol proc . int . conf  
the influence of size and life cycle duration of a lunar base on its logistics cost hh koelle technical university berlin ilr mitt  
musical atmospheric disturbances tl eckersley phil .  
boston metropatterns : a regional agenda for community stability in greater boston . m orfieldâ ? ¦ metropolitan area research corporation  
function decomposition in machine learning b zupan i bratko m bohanec j demsar   
netra : a toolbox for navigating large image databases ieee int ' l conf wy ma bs manjunath image process. santa barbara california  
applying parametric query optimization to non-parametric query metrics vrls vadali  2001.0 
two-stage identification of interconnected steady-state systems with cascade structure : a parametric z hasiewicz applied mathematics and computer science 1997.0 
d. kossmann . el wimmers . and j. yang . optimizing queries across diverse data sources l haas proceedings of international conference on very large  
the outsider : prejudice group conflict and politics in modern italy pm sniderman a schizzerotto t piazza p peri unpublished manuscript  
development of measles virus as a vector : expression of green fluorescent protein from different l hangartner  1997.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?macaw : a media access protocol for wireless lansã cents â ? ¬ â ? v bharghavan a demers s shenker l zhang proceedings of acm  
a method for improving automatic word categorization ee korkmaz  1997.0 
67 821â ± 828 ; d ) gr desiraju ad hamilton j chem acc . chem . res  
patches of different types for carotid patch angioplasty c counsell c warlow r naylor cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
multivalueddependencieswithnullvaluesinrelationaldatabases e lien proc . 5th int . conf . very large data bases  
enhancing faculty vitality through collaboration among colleagues . nr wylie jw fuller new directions for higher education 1985.0 
non-perturbative aspects of supersymmetric gauge theories and string theory jm pierre   
introducing xml/edi frameworks dr webber   
social facilitation and inhibition of emotional expression and communication r buck ji losow mm murphy p costanzo journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
the effects of cognitive incongruity upon encoding behavior lc barrow  1960.0 
performance analysis of a forwarding scheme for handoff in hawaii c blondia o casals l cerda g willems lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
improving reverse engineering models with test-case related knowledge p benedusi information and software technology  
taxonomies by the numbers : building high-performance taxonomies sc gates w teiken ksf cheng proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
pitch predictors with high temporal resolution p kroon bs atal   
supporting gi standards with a model-driven architecture r groenmo   
learning how to share gh anthes computerworld  
research in information managment at dublin city university m roantree af smeaton acm sigmod record 2002.0 
flexible buffer allocation based on marginal gains r ng c faloutsos t sellis proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1991.0 
supporting real-time applications in an inlegrated services packet network : architecture and dc ii s shenker l zhang proc . acm sigcomm  
applications of murphyâ ?? s elements p diaconis c greene technical report 335 dept. of statistics stanford university  
deoxyribonuclease for cystic fibrosis ce kearney ce wallis cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
constructing database systems in a persistent environment r cooper a dearle vldb 1987.0 
different crossovers ? jpl reinecke h moraal ms potgieter fb mcdonald proceedings of the 25 thinternational cosmic ray conference & hellip ;  
the x-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional data s bertchold da keim hp kriegel proceedings of the 22nd international conference on very & hellip ;  
habitat conditions influencing a remnant bull trout spawning population gold creek washington . ( sd craig rc wissmar seattle washington  
tetrahedron asymmetry xs li g chan zy zhou asc chan  2003.0 
biology of simian virus 40 ( sv40 ) transplantation rejection antigen ( trag ) . v j pretell rs greenfield ss tevethia vitro demonstration of sv40 trag in sv40-infected permissive & hellip ;  
the theory of probabilistic databases r cavallo m pittarelli vldb 1987.0 
organizational charts really do matter . m schrage computerworld  
heat transfer handbook ss kutateladze vm borishanskii g ] i  
estimating the recall performance of web search engines sj clarke p willett aslib proceedings 1997.0 
using taxonomy discriminants and signatures for navigating in text databases s chakrabarti b dom r agrawal p raghavan vldb 1997.0 
â ? ³ implementing large production systems in a dbms environment : concepts and algorithms.â ? ³ acm t sellis c lin l raschid sigmod record  
a methodology for constructing communication protocols g singh proc . acm sigcomm symp  
recording diffuse x-ray reflections with continuous synchrotron radiation . an application to type la ar lang g kowalski apw makepeace m moore phil . mag. 1985.0 
alkaloids fromnitrones jj tufariello acc . chem . res  
theory of separative cascades with large enrichments at the separative element na kolokol ` tsov ni laguntsov at . energ  
a query language and optimization techniques for unstructured data p buneman s davidson g hillebrand d suciu sigmod conference 1996.0 
quality of dicom header information for image categorization mo guld m kohnen d keysers h schubert b wein   
a feature interaction benchmark for the first feature interaction detection contest n griffeth r blumenthal jc gregoire t ohta computer networks 2000.0 
lie groups lie algebras and their representations vs varadarajan  1988.0 
fluorescence quenching measurements soc . 1997 119 8119 8120 . [ 8 ] [ 8a ] h.-g . lã ¶ hr f. vã ¶ gtle f experiments acc . chem . res  
delay bounds for a network of guaranteed rate servers with fifo aggregation s jamin pb danzig s shenker l zhang proc . of acm sigcomm  
a joint source-channel coding scheme for image-in-image data hiding k solanki o dabeer bs manjunath u madhow s   
order-preserving key transformations ak garg cc gotlieb acm transactions on database systems 1986.0 
a cooperative coevolutionary approach to function optimization ma potter ka de jong lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
expert aided sequential design of multivariable systems jm boyle   
how might i teach problem solving ? dr woods new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
high-dimensional index structures { improving the performance of multimedia databases s berchtold c bohm da keim submitted for publication  
typechecking for xml transformers t milo d suciu v vianu   
complaint resolution in the context of welfare reform : how w-2 settles disputes s lynn   
intravenous immunoglobulin for the treatment of kawasaki disease in children rm oates-whitehead jh baumer l haines s love cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
storing semistructured data with stored admfd suciu proc of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 1999.0 
parallel query scheduling and optimization with timeand space-shared resources mn garofalakis ye ioannidis proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very  
macaw : a media access protocol for wireless lans v bhargavan a demers s shenker l zhang proc . of acm sigcommm  
the plasma dispersion function bd fried sd conte   
heterogeneous decomposition and inter-level coupling for combined modeling pa fishwick   
predictive load controlforflexible buer allocation c faloutsos rt ng t sellis procs . of the 17th intl. conf . on vldb  
the quark-hadron phase transition ( abstract only ) h satz oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
reducing the peak-toâ ?? average power ratio of schemes by selective scrambling [ j ] rw bauml rfh fischer jb huber electronic letters  
data base system performance prediction using an analytical model k sevcik   
nafplio : semantic analysis of the character of a historic city j stefanou athens greece : peloponesian folklore institute publications  
â ?? measurements of the magneto-electric susceptibility of polycrystalline chromium oxide th oâ ?? dell phil . mag  
processing in memory : the terasys mas-sively parallel processor-in-memory array m gohkle b holmes k iobst ieee  
summary of the main points to be developed m pezzini presentation at  
le g. and monceau p. 1968 jg gilchrist phil . mag  
fluid motion recovery by coupling dense and parametric motion fields e memin p perez proc . int . conf . computer vision  
unbundling active functionality . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
window control strategies for hypertext traversal : an empirical study j lifshitz b shneiderman proc . 29th annual acm dc technical symposium  
lr 1923 tlr ayres phil . mag  
efficient nearest neighbor indexing based on a collection of space-filling curves n megiddo u shaft ibm almaden research center san jose ca tech . rep. rj  
the sr-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional nearest neighbor queries n katayama  1997.0 
strehlo. â ?? why decision support fails and how to fix itâ ?? reprinted in r kimball sigmod record  
parents ` attitudes and expectations regarding science education : comparisons among american chinese - h chen adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
a unified analysis of batched searching of sequential and tree-structured files sd lang jr driscoll jh jou acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
automorphisms of negatively curved groups d cooper preprint university of california at santa barbara  
constructing group learning je heimlich new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service for internet applications p castro b greenstein i stoica r morris d proc . acm sigcomm  
the nonlinear schrodinger equation c sulem pl sulem  1999.0 
interventions for treating scabies gj walker pw johnstone cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
counting points on hyperelliptic curves over finite fields p gaudry r harley lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
fundamentals of dressing the raw materials ( part i ) j vidlã ¡ ã © o hodek technical university ostrava  
consequences of diverse reproductive strategies in marine invertebrates gl eckert  1999.0 
treatment of recurrent hepatitis c virus infection after liver transplantation with interferon and g goetz mr schoen a haefker r neuhaus t berg transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
memory hits a glass ceiling s canter pc magazine 1993.0 
loading a cache with query results lm haas proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
mutations in the dhcr24 gene encoding 3î ² - hydroxysteroid 24-reductase cause autosomal recessive hr waterham j koster gj romeijn p vreken rc  2001.0 
corticosteroids for treating severe sepsis and septic shock d annane e bellissant pe bollaert j briegel d cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
nistir 6376 national institute of standards and technology 100 bureau drive gaithersburg mj donahue dg porter md  
xenotransplantation : the transplantation of organs and tissues between species dkc cooperâ ? ¦  1997.0 
xml type checking with macro tree transducers s maneth a berlea t perst h seidl   
prospero : a tool for organizing internet resources bc neuman   
efficient incremental garbage collection for workstation/server database systems l amsaleg   
designing buffers for router line cards s iyer rr kompella n mckeown stanford university hpng technical report-tr02-hpng-031001  
new linear parameterisation of all stabilising compensators for single-input/single-output plants g celentano g de maria   
discriminant analysis of principal components for face recognition w zhao a krishnaswamy r chellappa dl swets j nato asi series f computer and systems sciences 1998.0 
alasvegasalgorithmforlinearprogrammingwhenthedimensionissmall kl clarkson proc . 29th annu . ieee sympos . found . comput . sci  
e-cient incremental garbage collection for client server object database systems in â ?? vldb95â ?? l amsaleg m franklin o gruber zurich switzerland  
magnesium supplementation in pregnancy m makrides ca crowther cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
conformations of linear chains . systematics and suggestions for nomenclature j michl r west acc . chem . res 2000.0 
parametric trajectory models for speech recognition h gish k ng   
this work was partially sponsored by the european communities as an esprit project ( p-530 epsilon ) bonp evaluation sigmod record 1990.0 
the canonical almost complex structure on the manifold of 1-jets of pseudo-holomorphic mappings p gauduchon appendix  
reconstruction : america 's unfinished revolution 1863-1877 e foner   
unipotent hecke algebras : the structure representation theory and combinatorics fne thiem  2004.0 
predicated register allocation ae eichenberger es davidson   
protection in programming-language translations m abadi lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
worldwide geothermal resources jc rowley see ref  
how clonal are human mitochondria ? a eyre-walker nh smith jm smith proceedings : biological sciences 1999.0 
a complete axiomatization of real-time processes r gerber i lee a zwarico & hellip ; of pennsylvania { submitted for publication february  
value grouping for binary decision trees historical.ncstrl.org   
individuation gender role and dissent : personality mediators of situational forces c maslach rt santee c wade journal of personality and social psychology  
course of acarine disease in the field g giordani proc . 26th int . apiculture congress adelaide australia  
methods and standards for encryption of spacecraft telemetry and telecommand links ra rueppel hp bader  1985.0 
multilayer fuzzy control of multivariable systems by passive decomposition ae gegov applied mathematics and computer science 1995.0 
multidatabase interoperability in the jupiter system j murphy j grimson information and software technology 1995.0 
organization of the guinea-pig uterine innervation . distribution of immunoreactivities for different p alm lm lundberg j wharton jm polak the histochemical journal 1988.0 
a new linear post-filtering technique to reduce transform coding block-edge artifact at low bit s suthaharan hr wu & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing  
delays in implementing admission orders for critical care patients associated with length of stay in k clark lb normile journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
schema mediation for large-scale semantic data sharing ay halevy zg ives d suciu i tatarinov the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
speeding up construction of pmr quadtree-based spatial indexes gr hjaltason h samet the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2002.0 
approximation and collusion in multicast cost sharing submitted . available in preprint form at http j feigenbaum a krishnamurthy r sami s shenker  2001.0 
nonrigid registration of diffusion tensor images r sierra   
examples in trpl t sheard d stemple university of massachusetts coins technical report  
tinysec : link layer encryption for tiny devices c karlof n sastry d wagner   
web application transformations based on rewrite rules f ricca p tonella information & software technology 2002.0 
offering a precision-performance tradeoff for aggregation queries over replicated data twenty-sixty c olston j widom cairo egypt september  
the influence of wind on waves in water supposed frictionless w kelvin phil mag  
washington gap project mammal distribution models version 5 re johnson km cassidy  2002.0 
newer biophysical methods for membrane analysis in ntact red cells sb shohet   
modeling concepts for vlsi cad objects ds batoo wk batory acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
formal definition of mappings in a data base p paolini g pelagatti proceedings of the 1977 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1977.0 
adaptive precision in texture mapping a glassner acm siggraph computer graphics 1986.0 
phil mag . 10 177 . cooper mj ( 1965 ) mj cooper phil . mag  
interventions for influencing sleep patterns in exclusively breast fed infants mj renfrew s lang l martin m woolridge cochrane database syst  
linear algebra and its applications : harcourt brace jovanovich publishers g strang san diego  
complete and compatible sets of update operations kc sevcik al furtado int . conf . on management of data ( icmod ) ( milan italy june & hellip ;  
hires : the high-resolution echelle spectrometer on the keck 10-m telescope ss vogt sl allen bc bigelow l bresee b brown proc .  
telephone counselling for smoking cessation lf stead t lancaster r perera cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
vimp-a virtual market place for insurance products s field y hoffner electronic markets 1998.0 
manual for the multiple affective adjective checklistâ ?? revised edits m zuckerman b lubin san diego ca  
adaptive best-effort delivery of live audio and video across packet-switched networks k jeffay dl stone proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
change and love in an intimate note to the sincere seekers ss ravi-shankar  1999.0 
thermoregulation : what is regulated and how j bligh see ref  
how to specify and verify the long-run average behavior of probabilistic systems l de alfaro   
programmed word length computer al lucke   
c. 1950 rc faust phil . mag  
the treatment of aplastic anaemia with phytohaemagglutinin jg humble lancet i 1964.0 
the american girls collection history project : a third grade and teacher education collaboration k hoelscher social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
asymptotics in statistics : some basic concepts lm le cam gl yang  1990.0 
1998 . unbundling active functionality s gatziuâ ? ¦ acm sigmod  
constructing logically consistent special and general theories of relativity math . dept. us naval ra herrmann md  
how the new teachers performed . ld fink new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
a query languageand optimizationtechnieques for unstructured data p buneman s davidson g hillebrand d suciu proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
efficient user-adaptable similarity search in large multimedia databases t seidl hp kriegel vldb 1997.0 
february 2000 national institute of standards and technology gaithersburg wg mallard pj linstrom   
scott shenker ( xerox parc ) deborah estrin ( usc/isi ) '' sharing the cost of multicast trees : an s herzog proceedings of  
nist electron inelastic-mean-free-path database ( version 1.0 ) . national institute of standards and cj powell a jablonski md  
characterization of hypoxia : topic 1 report for the integrated assessment of hypoxia in the gulf of nn rabalais re turner d justic q dortch wj md  
building program optimizers with rewriting strategies e visser a tolmach proceedings of the third acm sigplan international & hellip ; 1999.0 
distributed systems s mullenderâ ? ¦ acm  
kohonenâ ?? s self organizing feature maps for exploratory data analysis a ultsch hp siemon proc . innc  
study of effective non-symmetrical multicomponent isotope separation cascades na kolokolâ ?? tsov ga sulaberidze at . energy  
the promise of sociocultural theory in democratizing adult education mv alfred new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
the theory of matrices fr gantmacher   
haemoglobin and haematocrit targets for the anaemia of chronic renal disease gf strippoli c manno fp schena jc craig cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
context-dependent perceptual and functional categorization in 10.5-month-olds vt kolstad r baillargeon unpublished manuscript  
separation of aqueous organic solvents through crosslinked poly ( acrylate-co-acrylic acid ) membranes m hoshi t saito a higuchi t nakagawa sen-i gakkaishi  
two time scale decomposition and stability analysis of power systems k khorasani   
suitability of data models as canonical models for federated databases f saltor m castellanos sigmod record 1991.0 
personality and social resources in stress resistance sc kobasa mc puccetti journal of personality and social psychology 1983.0 
large-vocabulary data-centric dialogues dj attwater sj whittaker bt technology journal 1999.0 
a homotopy theory for stacks electronic preprint arxiv : math s hollander   
automaker aims for companywide collaborative standards m ferranti computerworld  
a guide to data compression standards d salomon  2002.0 
scheduling algorithms for avoiding inconsistency in large databases g gardarin p lebeux vldb  
do south african fiscal deficits matter b standish o beelders  1991.0 
a software engineering view of data base systems cdserv4.inria.fr vldb 1978.0 
choice in dynamic linking m abadi g gonthier b werner lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
nonparametric versus parametric modelling-new statistical methods for model selection in n bissantz a munk a scholz  2002.0 
digital manipulatives : new toys to think with m resnick f martin r berg r borovoy v colella   
automatically inferring patterns of resource consumption in network traffic c estan s savage g varghese   
a variable span smoother department of statistics j friedman  1984.0 
evaluating replicebility of factors in the revised neo personality inventory : confirmatory factor rr mccrae ab zonderman pt costa mh bond sv journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
an adaptive query execution system for data integration zg ives d florescu m friedman a levy ds weld sigmod conference 1999.0 
networked learning environments ag chute pk sayers rp gardner new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
web power tools : the cutting edge ? b machrone pc magazine-american edition -  
millau : an encoding format for efficient representation and exchange of xml over the web m girardot n sundaresan www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
espnet : expert-system-based simulator of petri nets j duggan j browne & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1988.0 
condom effectiveness in reducing heterosexual hiv transmission s weller k davis cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
inequality productivity and child labor : theory and evidence ca rogers ka swinnerton unpublished manuscript 2001.0 
fãschlã ¡ r @ trecvid2003 : system description c gurrin h lee af smeaton proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
garcia-molina . adhoc self-supervisingpeer-to-peersearch networks bf cooper andh  2003.0 
state constitutions : the shopping mall cases bc williamson ja friedman wisconsin law review 1998.0 
a band theoretical study on the electronic properties in the phase transition cuau 1 to cuau 2 ( k kokko oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
how nouns and verbs differentially affect the behavior of artificial organisms a cangelosi d parisi   
query processing in a system for distributed databases ( sdd-1 ) n goodman pa bernstein e wong cl reeve jb acm trans . database syst  
accelerating motor adaptation by influencing neural computations jl emken dj reinkensmeyer   
edi : still awaiting take-off but already flying high p burrows electronic business  
note on the theory of permutations a cayley phil . mag  
lilsys : inferring unavailability using sensors j begole n matsakis j tang proc . acm cscw  
using taxonomy dicriminants and signatures to navigate in text databases s chakrabarti b dom r agrawal p raghavan   
flair images of brain diseases f segawa j kishibayashi k kamada n sunohara m no to shinkei 1994.0 
indigenous forest-dwelling communities in indonesiaâ ?? s outer islands : livelihood rights and c zerner unpublished manuscript  
interventions for pathological gambling ma oakley-browne p adams pm mobberley cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
slam updates require constant time s thrun d koller z ghahmarani h durrant-whyte submitted for publication 2002.0 
eajm cargille . the paradyn parallel performance measurement tool bp miller m callaghan ieee computer  
immune suppression of mycoplasma hyopneumoniae infected swine proc mj wannemueller proc . int . organ .  
storing semi-structured data using stored a deutsch m fernandez d suciu proc. acm sigmod  
verifying safety properties using separation and heterogeneous abstractions e yahav g ramalingam   
population resources and the ideology of science d harvey economic geography 1974.0 
balneotherapy for rheumatoid arthritis ap verhagen sm bierma-zeinstra jr cardoso ra de cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
setting environmental justice in space and place : acute and chronic airborne toxic releases in the sl cutter wd solecki urban geography  
a distributed algorithm for finding k disjoint paths of minimum total length c cheng spr kumar jj garcia-luna-aceves proc . 28th annual allerton conference on communication & hellip ;  
olanzapine for schizophrenia l duggan m fenton rm dardennes a el-dosoky s cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
3.3 statsci division mathsoft v splus inc. seattle washington  
exh . 48 [ 408-509 ] and 49 [ 510-512 ] respectively dm ka002730  2730.0 
magmatism at an oceanic spreading-ridge examples from the samail ophiolite oman js pallister ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1980.0 
on the size of convex hulls of small sets s mendelson journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
arena : adaptive distributed catalog infrastructure based on relevance networks v zadorozhny a gal l raschid q ye proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
efficient query reformulation in peer data management systems i tatarinov a halevy proc . of sigmod 2004.0 
heterostructure integrated thermionic cooling of opteoelectronic devices cj labounty   
fine structure of the 2 p state in helium-like sulfur and chlorine ae livingston ej galvez as zacarias fg serpa aip conference proceedings 1993.0 
experiments with a network design algorithm using-approximate linear programs d bienstock submitted for publication 1996.0 
organizational and retrieval processes in person memory : an examination of processing objectives tk srull journal of personality and social psychology  
scale frames and counter-scale frames : constructing the problem of environmental injustice he kurtz political geography 2003.0 
an authoruatron mechamsm for a relatlonai database system p gnfflths b wade acm transactions on database systems ( sept. .  
monitor for complex cad systems a alberto di janni proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;  
chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service lbr lntemet applications i stoica r morris d karger mf kaashoek h proc . acm sigcomm &#39;  
implications for fostering excellence . pg friedman rc jenkins-friedman new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
toomey & unknown ; syringe aspiration may be inaccurate in detecting esophageal intubation after gs chew gm vilke dp davis tc chan journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
server-supported signatures n asokan g tsudik m waidner lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
, nesime tatbul and stan zdonik . aurora : a new model and architecture for data stream management dj abadi d carney the vldb journal  
databases in the social studies : not why but how . jd mccoy social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
the kalman filter : an introduction to concepts p maybeck springer-verlag 1990.0 
houben gj and wu h. aham : a dexter-based reference model for adaptive hypermedia p de bra proceedings of acm hypertext  
continuous k-nearest neighbor queries for continuously moving points with updates gs iwerks h samet k smith proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
high peak and average power all-solid-state laser systems for airborne lidar applications g ehret hh klingenberg u hefter a assion a fix laseropto-stuttgart - 2000.0 
recognitionand interpretationof parametric gesture ad wilson af bobick proc . int . conf . comp . vis  
userâ ?? s guide for npsol ( version 4.0 ) : a fortran package for linear programming pe gill w murray ma saunders mh wright  1986.0 
microarchitecture evaluation with floorplanning and interconnect pipelining a jagannathan hh yang k konigsfeld d milliron   
optimizing queries across diverse data sources lm hass d kossmann el wimmers j yang l raschid proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference athens greece acm & hellip ;  
recurrent neural networks for blind separation of sources s amari a cichocki hh yang proc . int . symp . nolta 1995.0 
inheritance and persistence in database programming languages p buneman m atkinson proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1986.0 
assessment of the environmental impact from the construction of a dam and a reservoir s floras d pateras s raptis demonstration case study ( ref : 639620 ) [ http://ewse . ceo . org  
distributed music trioâ ?? media synchronization over wide area networks j escobar proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
autonomic computing for pervasive ictâ ?? a whole-system perspective m shackleton f saffre r tateson e bonsma c bt technology journal 2004.0 
building community capacity rj chaskin p brown sa venkatesh a vidal  2001.0 
r. and gerritsen r. extended semantics for generalization hierarchies lgi lee proc . acm-sigmod conference  
setting the climate for effective teaching and learning . br sisco new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
task decomposition and dynamic role assignment for real-time strategic teamwork p stone m veloso lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
the simulation of a two-cycle crankcase scavenged spark ignition engine on a digital computer and rb krieger  1968.0 
karmen 2 : a new precision in the search for neutrino oscillations j kleinfeller b armbruster m becker a benen g   
the farm crisis and mental health : a longitudinal ( 1981 1986 1989 ) and comparative study of the p beeson d johnson s ortega unpublished manuscript  
c k-analysis of subdivision surfaces at extraordinary points h prautzsch   
distributed database management jb rothnie vldb 1978.0 
structure and function of nucleic acids as cell constituents e chargaff fed . proc 1951.0 
stopover behaviour and departure decision of northern wheatears oenanthe oenanthe facing different v dierschke j delingat behavioral ecology and sociobiology 2001.0 
face-to-face with peer-to-peer networking d clark   
the technological framework for library planning in the next decade . ca lynch new directions for higher education 1995.0 
the coalescent . stoch jfc kingman proc . appl  
poisoning of hydrogen dissociation at pd ( 100 ) by adsorbed sulfur studied by ab initio quantum a gross cm wei m scheffler   
resources on instructional consultation s piccinin c knapper new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
videotape and the attribution process : reversing actorsâ ?? and observersâ ?? points of view md storms journal of personality and social psychology 1973.0 
jini home networking : a step towards pervasive computing u varshney r jain ieee computer  
the implication problem for unary functional dependencies in xml mw vincent j liu c liu submitted for publication  
source the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large data bases archive fj maryanski the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
stereo-electron microscopy of self-ion radiation damage in aluminum single crystals e johnson y ytterhus phil . mag. 1973.0 
from cml to process algebras f nielson h riis nielson lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
back-off smoothing in a syntactic approach to language modelling g bordel i torres e vidal proc . icslp  
masters and m. singer 1982 â ?? porous pavement : research rh field development and demonstration â ??  
nicotine for alzheimerâ ?? s disease jm lopez-arrieta jl rodriguez f sanz cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the effects of centrifugal and centripetal forces on product development speed and quality : how does k atuahene-gima academy of management journal 2003.0 
enhancing p2p file-sharing with an internet-scale query processor bt loo jm hellerstein r huebsch s shenker i proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
performance evaluation of subband coding and optimization of its filter coefficients j katto y yasuda proc . spie 1991.0 
epa region 10 guidance for pacific northwest state and tribal temperature water quality standards usep agency seattle washington . april  
a micropower learning vector quantizer for parallel analog-to-digital data compression j lubkin g cauwenberghs   
advanced data networkingâ ?? acronyms atm aesa bt technology journal 1998.0 
fire ant allergy . ct stafford allergy procs 1992.0 
an adaptive query processing system for data integration z ives d florescu m friedman a levy d weld proc . acm sigmod  
the structure and function of the blood-brain barrier mwb bradbury fed proc 1984.0 
do mandates matter ? : the effects of a mandate to enter a welfare-to-work program jt knab   
bireality : mutually-immersive telepresence np jouppi s iyer s thomas a slayden proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã ? sigmod record 2004.0 
group nearest neighbor queries d papadias q shen y tao k mouratidis   
a distributive n-amendment game with endogenous agenda formation em penn  2001.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?nearest neighbor queriesã cents â ? ¬ â ? n roussopoulos s kelley f vincent proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod  
the assessment of noncollegiate sponsored programs of instruction rj hamilton new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
constructing difference in public spaces : race class and gender as interlocking systems s ruddick urban geography  
dialogues : a basis for constructing programming environments acm sigplan notices 1983  1983.0 
robert b. potter and joan phillips p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
essentials of clinical geriatrics . rl lane jg ousland ib abrass   
insecticide resistance in fleas mk rust proc . int . symp . ectoparasites pets  
systems employing the dempster shafer uncertainty calculus kk bharadwaj gc neerja hcpr goel information and software  
office implementation : a case study . ls albert tj marchese new directions for higher education 1988.0 
avoiding competence substitution through knowledge sharing sk mcevily s das k mccabe academy of management review 2000.0 
spt : distributed sensor network for real time tracking b horling r vincent r mailler j shen r becker   
factors affecting chinook populations d weitkamp g ruggerone report to the city of seattle seattle washington  
on the decrease of velocity of swiftly moving electrified particles in passing through matter n bohr phil . mag  
a method of variational analysis combined with kalman filter for radar rainfall field correction s shouxiang l guoqing g wenzhong proc . 26th int . conf . on radar meteorology  
phased array theory and technology rj milloux ieee proceedings 1982.0 
vane vortex shedding effects on ssme lpotp turbine b marcu d balcazar cd zdenek kj lunde dj proceedings of the 52 '' d jannaf interagency propulsion & hellip ;  
creasing : formulating a hypothesis lc holtzhausen proc . int . soc . citriculture  
offering a precision-performance tradeoff for aggregation queries over replicated data c olston j widom vldb 2000.0 
evaluating the cost of bird-related damage to civilian and military flights as a vital tool to y leshem proceedings of the 23rd international bird strike committee  
designer zinc finger proteins : tools for creating artificial dna-binding functional proteins . m dhanasekaran s negi y sugiura acc chem res 2006.0 
a comparison of red 's byte and packet modes wm eddy m allman computer networks 2003.0 
ecological methodology : harper and row cj krebs new york  
interventions for preventing tobacco sales to minors lf stead t lancaster cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
1-800-hypertextâ ?? browsing hypertext with a telephone m wynblatt s goose h mollenhauer proc . of acm hypertext  
the globalization of environmental management standards : barriers and incentives in europe and in ma delmas santa barbara ca : university of california at santa barbara & hellip ; 2001.0 
live : what a concept ! ... networked games c crawford acm press siggraph series 1998.0 
nonlinear problems of elasticity ss antman  1994.0 
theory of ionization fluctuations je moyal phil . mag  
a case study in pervasive retail g roussos g giaglis j frissaer   
interventions for reducing the risk of mother-to-child transmission of hiv infection p brocklehurst cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
continued fractions with three limit points ge andrews bc berndt j sohn aj yee a zaharescu submitted for  
query decomposition for unstructured query languages d suciu vldb september  
church-related colleges and universities : an agenda for the 1990 s and beyond . rl noftzgerâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1992.0 
proceedinas 14th ieee photovoltaic soecialists conference ss li wl wang pw lai ry loo gs kamath rc san diego  
interventions for treating acute and chronic achilles tendinitis gj mclauchlan hh handoll cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
leslie carr and wendy hall ( 2003 ) '' decentering the dancing text : from dance intertext to hypertext t miles-board jl deveril proc . of acm conference on  
computer aided design and fabrication of partial foot prosthesis da boone d mathews d smith proceedings of the 23rd aaop annual meeting & scientific & hellip ;  
adaptable similarity search in large image databases t seidl hp kriegel   
fracture mechanics and infrared measurements of the selfdiffusion of chains in polymer melt hh kausch k jud proc . 28th iupac macromolecular symposium  
message proxies for e-cient bh lim p heidelberger p pattnaik m snir & hellip ; communication on smp clusters '' ibm almaden research report & hellip ;  
informix-online xps : a dynamically scalable rdbms for open parallel platforms h spintzik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
two-level models of hypertext j mayfield lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
macaw : a medium access protocol for indoor wireless lans '' v bharghavan a demers s shenker l zhang proc . acm  
fast flexible and accurate data locality analysis fj sanchez a gonzalez procs . of pact  
openping : a reflective middleware for the construction of adaptive networked game applications p okanda g blair proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ; 2004.0 
course description : itop geography   
the development of graduate students as reaching scholars : a four year longitudinal study final jd nyquist ae austin j sprague dh wulff seattle : university of washington  
designing global applications for wireless devices with java and xml a dabkowski am jankowska k kurbel   
the fund earned nil ( 2003 : nil ) in securities lending income for the year ended 31 december 2004 sl income as at  
justice the market and climate change c hamilton see low  
associations between body size mating pattern testis size and sperm lengths across butterflies mjg gage proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
report of analysis reference material 8418 wheat gluten . national institute of standards and m ihnat md  
on compact encoding of pagenumber k graphs c gavoille n hanusse submitted for publication 2001.0 
urgency of ethical standards intensifies in computer community mc mcfarland   
the essentials of the satâ ?? 03 competition d le berre l simon proc . sat  
scale-free topology for pervasive networks f saffre h jovanovic c hoile s nicolas bt technology journal 2004.0 
a source-to-source meta-translation system for relational query languages di howells nj fiddian wa gray vldb 1987.0 
a practical issue concerrning very large data bases g cohen proceedings of the vldb conference ( dublin ireland ) august  
needed : distributed control pg comba vldb 1975.0 
a proposal for a model psychopharmacology curriculum for psychiatric residents id glick ds janowsky c salzman ri shader neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
childhood conscientiousness and longevity : health behaviors and cause of death hs friedman js tucker je schwartz lr martin journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
econometric theory as goldberger   
performance evaluation and comparison of different modulation schemes for uwb multiaccess systems g durisi s benedetto   
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation and acupuncture-like transcutaneous electrical nerve jg gadsby mw flowerdew cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
rule-based behaviour modelling : specification and validation of information systems dynamics a tsalgatidou p loucopoulos information and software technology 1991.0 
the influence of national culture on the formation of technology alliances by entrepreneurial firms hk steensma l marino km weaver ph dickson academy of management journal 2000.0 
new black hole solutions in the string gravity with noncompact extra dimensions and their s alexeyev n popov a barrau j grain   
engineering federated information systems report of efis '99 workshop g saake fs ii m roantree sigmod record 1999.0 
source separation using higher order moments j cardoso   
dynamic texture segmentation g doretto d cremers p favaro s soatto proceedings of iccvâ ?? 03 2003.0 
r. and delghton mo nf moody gj maclusky electronic  
measuring structural change in concepts ee rissland ce brodley m friedman submitted for publication  
learners achieve pac separation pwgwct unsupervised procs . of colt/eurocolt lnai  
on the way to the professoriate : the dissertation rg hamilton new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
sensitivity of the barley mildew pathogen to triadimenol in selected europeanareas e limpert b koller zurich ( switzerland ) : institute of plant sciences  
a comparison of ` traditional ' and multimedia information systems development practices c barry m lang information & software technology  
multivalency and cooperativity in supramolecular chemistry . jd badji a nelson sj cantrill wb turnbull jf acc . chem . res 2005.0 
product development in japan : evolution vs. revolution l young electronic business  
the influence of random delays on parallel execution times vsamk vernon proc . 1993 acm sigmetrics &#39; 93  
maximum likelihood method for probabilistic multi-hypothesis tracking r streit t luginbuhl proc . spie 1994.0 
parametric query optimization j madhavan   
authentication revised tyc woo ss lam ieee computer  
trac je sammet programming languages : history and fundamentals  
ultrashort laser pulse phenomena : fundamentals techniques and applications on a femtosecond time jc diels w rudolph san diego  
distance browsing in spatial databases t sellis n roussopoulos acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
implementation and analysis of efficient graph planarity testing algorithms . rw shirey  1969.0 
occurrence and function of amines in endocrine cells producing polypeptide hormones c owman f sundler fed proc 1973.0 
i. beigel m. furst and s. rudich : the expressive power of voting polynomials j aspnes proceedings of the 23rd annual acâ ?? m syrn-posium on theory & hellip ;  
conditional price trends in the aftermarket for initial public offerings j affleck-graves s hegde re miller   
a query languageand optimization techniquesfor unstructured data p buneman s davidson g hillebrand d suciu proceedings of acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
aurora : a new model and architecture for data stream management dj abadi d carney u ã?etintemel m cherniack c the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
challenges : an application model for pervasive computing g banavex j beck e gluzberg j munson j sussman proc . acm mobigom  
confidence intervals for factor forecasts with many predictors j bai s ng unpublished manuscript  
using climate data to predict grizzly bear litter size hd picton rr knight international conference on bear research and management  
a parallel index for semistructured data b cooper n sample m shadmon   
group-delay measurements using phase-shift method : improvement on the accuracy t niemi g genty h ludvigsen   
sql query optimization : reordering for a general class of queries p goel b iyer sigmod conference 1996.0 
f. kaashoek h. balakrishnan . chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service for internet i stoica r morris d karger proceedings of acm sigcomm 2001  
statistics in epidemiology : methods techniques and applications h sahai a khurshid  1996.0 
unbundling active functionality a koschel s gatziu g von bultzingsloewen h current trends in data management technology idea group & hellip ;  
the variable valve timing mechanism for the rover k16 engine part 2 : application to the engine and ph parker proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2000.0 
effects of withdrawal of a performance-contingent reward on supervisory influence and power cn greene pm podsakoff the academy of management journal 1981.0 
virtual black holes at linear colliders y uehara   
racer system description v haarslev r moller lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
the influence of bolaamphiphilic steroid dimer on the formation and structure of bilayer lipid s kalinowski z lotowski jw morzycki cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
fast parallel similarity search in multimedia databases s berchtold sigmod conference 1997.0 
harrison jp 1965 d greig phil . mag  
issues in implementing a randomized experiment in a field setting ja devine jd wright lm joyner new directions for program evaluation  
protected fishes of the united states and canada . american fisheries society bethesda je johnson md  
operator scheduling in a data stream manager u centintemel zs ra d carney c mitch proc of the 28th international conference on vldb  
providing views and closure for the object data management group object model m roantree information and software technology 1999.0 
kristina s. johnson pofsap by  2000.0 
glonass/gps time transfer and the problem of the determination of receiver delays g de jong w lewandowski proc . 29th ptti  
â ?? the computer revolutionâ ?? â ?? computer scienceâ ?? and â ?? software engineeringâ ?? have n't a kay proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
interventions for treating trichomoniasis in women f forna am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
automatic hypertext linking j allan proc . acm hypertextâ ?? 96 conf  
the sr-tree : an index structure for high dimensional data n katayama s satoh acm sigmod conference  
5th european vlbi network symposium je conway rt schilizzi isbn  
dual/primal mesh optimization for polygonized implicit surfaces y ohtake ag belyaev proceedings seventh acm symposium on solid modeling and & hellip ; 2002.0 
denial-of-service resilience in peer-to-peer file sharing systems d dumitriu e knightly a kuzmanovic i stoica w   
proceedings of the 5th international iupac symposium on mycotoxins and phycotoxins cw thorp gm ware ae pohland technical university vienna  
how concept becomes reality . vol . 36 . ii j stinson r adsit f gordaninejad  1991.0 
services for reducing duration of hospital care for acute stroke patients esd trialists cochrane database syst rev 2005.0 
creating generative models from range images r ramamoorthi j arvo   
evaluation of the new emit enzyme immunoassay for the determination of whole-blood tacrolimus cj hesse cc baan ah balk hj metselaar w weimar transplant proc 2002.0 
harvard preprint hutp-9o / a075.-9 . ka olive dn schramm g. steigman a. ndtp \ \ va. lker s glashow phys . lett .  
complexity of probabilistic reasoning in ( directedpath ) singly connected ( not polytree ! ) bayes se shimony c domshlak submitted for publication  
the evolutionary model of design in approaches to computer aided architectural composition jh frazer jm frazer technical university of bialystok  
from deregulation to co-regulation . neo-corporatism and its contribution to a theory of coordinated h jã ¸ rgensen unpublished manuscript  
how to steer an embedded software project : tactics for selecting the software process model p kettunen m laanti information and software technology 2004.0 
observations of the decomposition of crystals of lead iodide in the electron microscope aj forty phil . mag  
nearest neighbor query n roussopoulos s kelly f vincent proc . of acm sigmod conf  
repetition and ideology in the aeneid . d quint md  
regulation of cytokines and acute phase proteins following tnf-alpha blockade in rheumatoid p charles mj elliott d davis a potter j kalden   
avoiding paradoxes in multi-agent competitive routing e altman r el azouzi o pourtallier e altman r computer networks 2003.0 
application of genetic algorithms to optimum offshore plant design pa joyce ta withers pj hickling proceedings of esrel  
thyrotoxic periodic paralysis and intravenous propranolol in the emergency setting rh birkhahn tj gaeta l melniker journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
how a president distracted by scandal entered balkan war e sciolino e bronner   
how java programs interact with virtual machines at the microarchitectural level l eeckhout a georges k de bosschere   
the failings of distance learning m deakin computerworld  
policy-based model-driven engineering of pervasive services and the associated oss k yang s ou m azmoodeh n georgalas bt technology journal 2005.0 
multicoloured hamilton cycles and perfect matchings in pseudo-random graphs d kuhn d osthus   
reducing computational complexity using closures in a mean field approach in data assimilation gl eyink jm restrepo fj alexander  2002.0 
abstraction methods in hypertext pk garg proceedings of acm  
projections and chemical coding of neurons with immunor eactivity for nitric oxide synthase in the m costaâ ? ¦   
a linear format for resolution dw loveland proceedings of the iria symposium on automatic demonstration  
an ethernet performance simulator for undergraduate networking b lewis barnett iii acm sigcse bulletin 1993.0 
lclint userâ ?? s guide ( 2nd edn ) vol . 2 d evans  1996.0 
design knowledge and design rational : a framework for representation capture and use tg gruber m russell stanford university technical report ksl 90-45  
previews and overviews in digital libraries : designing surrogates to support visual information s greene g marchionini c plaisant b shneiderman   
induction of icam-1 on hepatocyte membranes during liver allograft rejection and infection g steinhoff m behrend r pichlmayr trans . proc 1990.0 
neocortex size and social group size in insectivores and carnivores rim dunbar j bever  1997.0 
rabbit : ac compiler for scheme gl steele jr technical report massachusetts institute of technology may  
a study of student attitudes towards basic standards testing jm rivard  1999.0 
computer performance modeling handbook ss lavenberg  1983.0 
the management transition l goff computerworld  
network models with delays and fixed points g pecelli bg kim  1999.0 
the binding site of measles virus hemagglutinin on the receptor cd46 : alanine-scanning mutagenesis d koller swiss institute of technology zurich switzerland  
altering test environments for reducing test anxiety and for improving academic performance . d bushnell  1978.0 
sddl : a system for distributed databases jb rothnieâ ? ¦ acm trans . database syst  
pervasive computing : hogwarts startrek reality and back d husemann computer networks 2001.0 
viki : spatial hypertext supporting emergent structure to appear in c marshall f shipman j coombs proc . acm echtâ ?? 94  
adaptive best-effort delivery of digital audio and video across packet-switched networks k jeffay dl stone t talley fd smith lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
providing dynamic security control in a federated database nb idris wa gray rf churchhouse proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
improving the query performance of high-dimensional index structures by bulk-load operations s berchtold c boehm hp kriegel lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
varying instructional strategies to accommodate diverse thinking skills . curriculum concerns . mr hillis jf eschenbach social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
reducing social context cues : electronic mail in organizational communications l sproull s kiesler management science 1986.0 
research and practice in federated information systems : report of the efisâ ?? 2000 international w hasselbring wj van den heuvel gj houben rd sigmod record  
efficient concurrent zero-knowledge in the auxiliary string model i damgard lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
using laptops in engineering courses for real-time data collection and analysis mw ohland ea stephan new directions for teaching and learning 2005.0 
mouse hepatitis virus strain jhm infects a human hepatocellular carcinoma cell line pj koetters l hassanieh sa stohlman t gallagher virology-new york - 1999.0 
risk factors for hiv-1 infection among street-recruited intravenous drug users in new york city sr friedman a rosenblum d goldsmithâ ? ¦ montreal canada june  
phase margin of linear time invariant systems from routh array v krishnamurthi n al-awad   
field . phototoc : automatic clustering for browsing personal photographs jc platt m czerwinski a brent technical report 17 microsoft research 1 microsoft way  
applying an operational formal method throughout software engineering education m muller x pan p walter k schimrigk ae kelley information and software technology 1998.0 
j konstantin b & kawamoto s. ( 2002 ) mastering web services security . indianapolis : wiley b hartman d flinn   
nanoscale materials jr heath acc . chem . res  
identifying factors influencing engineering student retention through a longitudinal and cross - t anderson r carter m ohland b thorndyke g proc . amer . soc . eng . ed. montreal canada june  
the plane jet wg bickley phil . mag  
fast-convergence algorithm for ica-based blind source separation using array signal processing h saruwatari t kawamura k shikano   
interactive muves in the dive system o hagsand ieee computer  
and the ordering of events in a distributed system l lamport  1978.0 
software diversity : practical statistics for its measurements and exploitation d patridge wj krzanowski information & software technology  
honoring narrative evidence in the research and evaluation of peer support c macneil s mead unpublished manuscript  
the angular dislocation eh yoffe phil . mag  
2000 end of year report on campus outreach initiatives m casas s fenstermaker  1999.0 
the socio-economic impact of pervasive computingâ ?? intelligent spaces and the organisation of mh lyons jmm potter dam holm r venousiou r bt technology journal 2004.0 
inferring document similarity from hyperlinks d grangier s bengio proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
compile-time composition of run-time data and iteration reorderings mm strout l carter j ferrante   
sharing knowledge-based technology via knowledge-representation interchange : the stanford kif tr gruber technical report knowledge systems laboratory stanford  
introduction to the special issue on semantic integration ah doan nf noy ay halevy acm sigmod record 2004.0 
suitability of data models as canonical models for federated dbs f saltor m castellanos acm sigmod record  
using taxonomy discriminants and signatures for navigating in text databases scbdr agrawal p raghavan   
digitalized signatures and public key functions as intractable as intractable as factorization mo rabin  1979.0 
shen . lower-bound time-complexity analysis of logic programs fba king proc . int . symp . ilps  
liver biopsy is essential in anti-hcv ( + ) renal transplant patients irrespective of liver function j boletis j delladetsima e psimenou i vafiadi transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?rule languages and internal algebras for rule-based optimizers '' m cherniak sb zdonik proceedings of the sigmodconference on management of data & hellip ;  
decomposition-a strategy for query proce . ssmg e wong k youssefi acm trans . database syst . 1 3 ( sept. 1979 )  
race and evolutionary theory : differences in models of self-perceived physical attractiveness for tj wade unpublished manuscript  
transforming e-knowledge a revolution in the sharing of knowledge ( 2003 ) d norris j mason p lefrere   
how quality contributes consumer satisfaction : a preliminary study to investigate how hotel h nadiri 6th international conference : quality management and & hellip ;  
response to nc rowe 's review b shneiderman acm sigmod record 1982.0 
short period group velocity measurements and maps in central asia al levshin   
s-plus 2000 guide to statistics : mathsoft i mathsoft inc. seattle washington  
narcissism : theory and measurement ra emmons journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
building on rock rather than sand m hogg sm bouch mfg smeaton bt technology journal 2001.0 
probabilistic primality tests a bektaå ?  2005.0 
topic focus and the grammar pragmatics interface jk gundel   
all-out search . a singh d lidsky pc magazine  
applying the standards : continuity and change . teacher 's resources . ph porter social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
linear structural relationships with latent variables : the lisrel model m cadwallader geography 1971.0 
precision tillage : in-field real-time control of seedbed quality aj scarlett jc lowe da semple procs . of  
equity in tertiary mathematics : imaging a future r zevenbergen proceedings of the d 1999.0 
general topology jl kelley  1997.0 
surface characterization of coated powders with xps : al 2 o 3-sio 2 coated tio 2 pigments ( abstract l johansson oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
developing a personal and professional agenda for change . e hayes new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
avoiding non-termination in unification grammars c samuelss procs . 4th int . workshop on natural language understanding  
thecomparativeaccuraciesofglobalpositioningsystemdierentialpositioning modes . '' de wells da davidson d delikaraoglou rb langley proceedings of the iag symposia symposium d the future of & hellip ;  
the effect of in-service education on emergency nurses ' documentation of physical assessment kj cone ma anderson ja johnson journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
using session initiation protocol to build context-aware voip support for multiplayer networked a singh a acharya proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ; 2004.0 
evaluation of student-centered teaching . v faw unpublished manuscript  
toil sweat and the city s pendse bombay : metaphor for modern india  
how welfare and work policies affect children : a synthesis of the literature p morris a huston g duncan d crosby j bos manpower demonstration research corporation  
optimizing queries across diverse data sources 23 rdintl l haas d kossmann el wimmers j yang conf . on very large databases ( vldb &#39; 97 )  
finding text in images v wu r manmatha em riseman   
task decomposition support to reactive scheduling in the proceedings of the 5th european conference b drabble  1999.0 
an investigation of the potential role of speech production models in automatic speech recognition rc rose j schroeter mm sondhi proc . int . conf . sp . lang . proc  
representations for text categorization s dumais j platt d heckerman msil algorithms technical report microsoft research  
an adaptive recursive lms filter pl feintuch proc . ieee  
on the densification process of porous materials under uniaxial compression : theory and experiments a shirizly j tirosh l rubinski  1996.0 
technology consortia and the relationship revolution in education gc godbey gj richter new directions for higher education 1999.0 
methods for tamper detection in digital images j fridrich   
learning response time for websources using query feedback and application in query optimization jr gruser l raschid v zadorozhny t zhan the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
a framework for unifying reordering transformations university of maryland at college park college w kelly w pugh md  
framework for server data fragment grouping to improve scalability in intermittently synchronized wg yee mj donahoo s navathe proc . acm cikm  
tcp-aware packet marking in networks with diffserv support m mellia i stoica h zhang computer networks 2003.0 
checking safety properties using induction and a sat-solver m sheeran s singh g stalmarck lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
the benefits of journal writing : reducing maternal psychological distress levels after the neonatal lm barry  2000.0 
contours of constructive hypertexts m bernstein m joyce d levine proceedings of the acm conference on hypertext 1993.0 
a functional meta-structure for hypertext models and systems r furuta pd stotts   
finite element cad for microwave filters s verdeyme d billargeat s bila s moraud h proc 28th eumc workshop amsterdam netherlands oct  
operational planning for electronic toll collection : a unique approach to computer modeling analysis j danko v gulewicz   
jakiela . intelligent suggestive cad systems : research overview j mark technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
everyday devices that see : electronic-perception technology c bamjiâ ? ¦ in proc . siggraph acm press  
stochastic process algebras - between lotos and markov chains h hermanns u herzog v mertsiotakis computer networks 1998.0 
chord : a scalable p2p lookup service for internet applications i stoica r morris d karger mf kaashoek h proc . of acm sigcomm  
eden : an engine for definitive notations e yung msc thesis department of computer science university of  
iron supplementation in pregnancy k mahomed cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
contestable markets and the theory of industry structure revised edition wj baumol jc panzar rd willig san diego  
improving the performance of interactive tcp applications using service differentiation w noureddine f tobagi computer networks 2002.0 
moment method solution using parametric geometry '' 1994 international ieee ap-s symposium digest jm song wc chew seattle washington june  
the red queen : sex and the evolution of human nature m ridley   
microsoft excel 2000/visual basic for applications fundamentals r jacobson  1999.0 
the x-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional data . 22 ndint sd berchtold d keim hp kriegel conf . on very large data bases  
individual psychodynamic psychotherapy and psychoanalysis for schizophrenia and severe mental l malmberg m fenton cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
to appear in the proceedings of the astrophysics of gravitational wave sources college park k gultekin mc miller dp hamilton md  
why decision support fails and how to fix it r kimball k strehlo acm sigmod record 1995.0 
catastrophic neck-flow transition during laser-heated drawing d poly ( ethylene terephthalate ) fiber y ohkoshi j watanabe w okumura y gotoh m senâ ?? i gakkaishi  
computing commonsense p singh m minsky i eslick bt technology journal 2004.0 
effects of feeding different protein/energy levels and essential fatty acids on growth physiology e fountoulaki  2004.0 
antibiotics/antiinflammatories for reducing acute inflammatory episodes in lymphoedema of the limbs c badger k seers n preston p mortimer cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
homeopathy for chronic asthma k linde ka jobst cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
delfosnetx : a workbench for xml-based information retrieval systems m fernandez p pavon j rodrä ± guez l anido m procs . of the 7th international symposium of string & hellip ;  
r 1976 compton scattering with 412 kev y-radiation m cooper p pattison jr schneider phil . mag  
managing intervals efficiently in object-relational databases hp kriegel m poetke t seidl vldb 2000.0 
magic : manual and gaze input cascaded s zhai c morimoto s ihde  1999.0 
the magicboard f bã © rard  1999.0 
structure and function of epigeic animal communities with emphasis in the lizard podarcis milensis ( c adamopoulou  1999.0 
a rule-based objectflask modeling approach q chen acm sigmod record  
unbundling active functionality s gatziu a koschel h fritschi sigmod record 1998.0 
dynamically distributed query evaluation j trevor d suciu proceedings of the twentieth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart  
an algorithm for convex polytopes dr chand ss kapur journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1970.0 
some info that may be helpful in mfipâ ?? afdc assistance category changes in swim . g hamilton internal memo . new york : manpower demonstration research & hellip ;  
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotation in cl mcarthur j gorchynski c rooke g hamilton journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
s. 1959 zs basinski phil . mag  
relaxed multijava : balancing extensibility and modular typechecking t millstein m reay c chambers   
control-flow semantics of use cases in uml kg van den berg ajh simons   
using children 's literature to teach about the american revolution . jj drake fd drake social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
an approach to interactive media system for mobile devices es ryu c yoo proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
indexing and retrieval of 3d models aided by active learning c zhang t chen   
on selfish routing in internet-like environments l qiu yr yang y zhang s shenker   
beyond location : hypertext workspaces and non-linear views ms frank cm catherine l mark proc . acm  
a theory and method of love c hendrick s hendrick journal of personality and social psychology  
global cost functions for test generation m abramovici dt miller r henning   
compositing digital images [ c ] p thomas d tom proceedings d sic  
2â ?? 4 1988 m illinois   
compositing digital images t porter t duff acm siggraph computer graphics 1984.0 
modeling and comparing change using spatiotemporal helixes acm-gisâ ?? 03 a stefanidis k eickhorst p agouris p  2003.0 
piecewise linear histograms for selectivity estimation x yu a fu   
thioridazine for schizophrenia a sultana j reilly m fenton cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
support vector machine active learning with application to text categorization s tong d koller j. machine learning res  
efficient string matching : an aid to biliographic search a aho m corasick comm . acm  
influence of modelsâ ?? reinforcement contingencies on the acquisition of imitative responses a bandura journal of personality and social psychology 1965.0 
activation of thalamocortical projections related to tremorogenic processes d albe-fessard g guiot y lamarre g arfel see rel  
0 . gruber . efficient incremental garbage collection for client-server object database systems l amsaleg m franklin procs . of the international conf . on very large databases & hellip ;  
human factors study of two screen-oriented query languages : stbe and qbe g ozsoyoglu wa abdul-qader information and software technology 1992.0 
bayesian estimation of distance and surface normal with a time-of-flight laser rangefinder j lang   
localized corrosion of metals j tousek trans tech publications zurich switzerland  
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : tg janz gc hamilton ma eilers m wagner m journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
heytens m. kumar k. and m. muralikrishna â ?? gamma-a high performance datallow database machine d dewitt b gerber g graefe proceedings of the 1986 vldb conference japan august  
adaptive source separation with uniform performance b laheld jf cardoso   
computation based on a share of a patientâ ?? s national cost p person at  
reconciling schemas of disparate data sources : a machine-learning approach a doan p domingos ay halevy sigmod conference 2001.0 
ideologically structured action : an enlarged agenda for social movement research mn zald mobilization-san diego - 2000.0 
rationale and new experimental evidence on the adequacy of conducted instead of radiated r bersier b szentkuti & hellip ; . 5th int . symp . electromagn . compat . ( zurich switzerland ) & hellip ;  
topics in galois theory no jp serre   
reverse link power control performance for high speed data over cdma s kumar s nanda a falconi proc . int . conf . telecommunications  
strategic laboratory use : how to use hypothesis-based laboratory testing d hancock proc . 28th annu . conv . am . assn. bov . pract. san antonio & hellip ;  
interventions for the treatment of twin-twin transfusion syndrome d roberts jp neilson am weindling cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
infrared charge coupled devices aj steckl & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
attitudes toward rape : a comparative analysis of police rapists crisis counselors and citizens hs feild journal of personality and social psychology  
cognitive modeling demonstrates how people use anticipated location knowledge of menu items aj hornof de kieras   
1978 new orleans data base design working report vy lumâ ? ¦ 5th international conference on very large data  
storing semistructured data with stored a deutsh m fernandezâ ? ¦ proc of acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
a variable span scatterplot smoother . laboratory for computational statistics jh friedman  1984.0 
e. mw friedman and cj pollard . 1987 . a centering approach to pronouns s brennan proceedings of the 25 thannual meeting of the association  
acousto-optics - a review of fundamentals a korpel ieee proceedings 1981.0 
influencing database language standards l gallagher sigmod record 1994.0 
towards high-quality synthesis of the guitar and string instruments m karjalainen v v & m & i z janosy proc . int . comp . music  
mediating interface between hypertext and structured documents k hayashi a sekijima   
valproate for acute mood episodes in bipolar disorder k macritchie jr geddes j scott d haslam m de cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
nonionizing electromagnetic wave effects in biological materials and systems cc johnson aw guy proc . ieee  
relational learning with statistical predicate invention : better models for hypertext m craven s slattery machine learning 2001.0 
improving the java memory model using crf jw maessen x shen   
parametric optimization of synthetic gratings using vector diffraction theory ( abstract only ) e noponen a vasara j turunen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
setting two variables at a time yields a new lower bound for random 3-sat d achioptas proc . 32nd acm stoc  
data collection and analysis for profiling programs : expectations and reality js kaser new directions for program evaluation 1996.0 
the cost of ems . rr panko computer networks  
setting economic leakage targets c report   
circulant preconditioners from b-splines rh chan t tso h sun  1997.0 
version 3.99 . 03 ttr manual tallinn technical university  
packet classification on multiple fidels g pankaj n mckeown proceedings of sigcomm  
topological synthesis of mobile wireless networks for managing ad hoc wireless networks i rubin p vincent & hellip ; of ifip/ieee international conference on management of & hellip ;  
decomposition -- a strategy for query processing e wong k youssefi acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
distance browsing in spatial databases h samet g hjaltason acm tods  
hypercomplex numbers : an elementary introduction to algebras il kantor as solodovnikov  1989.0 
an x-ray topographic study of planar growth dffeets in a natural diamond [ j ] b lawn y kamiya ar lang phil mag  
how aristotle discovered dna m delbrã 1/4 ck aip conference proceedings 1976.0 
special issue on management of semistructured data d suciu sigmod record  
bimatrix equilibrium points and mathematical programming ce lemke management science 1965.0 
a new fast and accurate kinetic code for the study of the low frequency dynamics in a magnetised c marchetto f califano m lontano proc . 29th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;  
tertiary storage : current status and future trends s prabhakar d agrawal a el abbadi a singh  1996.0 
the productivity payoff : the 100 most effective users of information technology p gillin computerworld  
isbn 0 ww wiley   
frustrated networking pros say efforts not appreciated b wallace computerworld  
the dynamics of the ceo-board relationship : an evolutionary perspective w shen academy of management review 2003.0 
measuring the emissions of passing cars dh stedman acc . chem . res  
final report on the saturation work initiative model in san diego g hamilton d friedlander  1989.0 
electronic brainstorming and group size rb gallupe ar dennis wh cooper js valacich lm the academy of management journal 1992.0 
five-level triage system more effective than three-level in tertiary emergency department da travers ae waller jm bowling d flowers j journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
beneficial effect of d-ribose in patient with myoadenylate deaminase deficiency bm patten lancet i 1982.0 
on classes of nonstationary parametric processes ja sills ew kamen proc . 29th conf . inf . sci . syst . johns hopkins univ  
revised stable models-a new semantics for logic programs lm pereira am pinto   
detection dans un guide dâ ?? onde par decomposition de lâ ?? operateur retournement temporel c prada t folegot n mordant m fink proceedings des 5iemes journees dâ ?? acoustique sous marine  
wiley 1998 s processing   
rule languages and internal algebras for rule-based optimizers m chemiack s zdonik proc . of the acm slgmod int . co @ on management of data  
calibration of microprocessor performance models b black jp shen ieee computer 1998.0 
de crisis overwonnen-kwaliteit produktiviteit en concurrentiepositie we deming isbn  
optimal partial-match retrieval when tields are independently specified av afro jd ullw acm trans . database syst . 4 2 ( june 1979 )  
cordic based application specific processor for orthogonal transforms f argã 1/4 ello jd bruguera r doallo t lang el   
a proposal for a new block encryption standard '' advances in cryptology-eurocrypt '90 x lai jl massey proceedings  
web 100 : extended tcp instrumentation for research education and diagnosis m mathis j heffner r reddy   
dominance functions for parametric lagrangians s hildebrandt h von der mosel to  
wch jr. aquanet : a hypertext tool to hold your knowledge in place cc marshall fg halasz ra rogers proc . acm  
wa gray and rf churchhouse . ( 1994 ) providing dynamic security control in a federated database nb idris proc . 1994 intl. conf . on very large databases  
132 1006 ( 1933 ) [ cas ] gp thomson phil . mag  
global query optimization tk sellis proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1986.0 
the case for a hybrid p2p search infrastructure bt loo r huebsch i stoica jm hellerstein   
sputtering of gold foils in a high voltage electron microscope : a comparison of theory and d cherns mw finnis md matthews phil . mag  
dap-1 a novel protein that interacts with the guanylate kinase-like domains of hdlg and psd-95 k satoh h yanai t senda k kohu t nakamura n genes to cells 1997.0 
the far-infrared helium laser r turner ra murphy & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
direct measurements of the inherent frequency stability of quartz crystal resonators ae wainwright fl walls wd mccaa   
microstructure of the mist zone on glass fracture surfaces jw johnson dg holloway phil . mag  
geographic routing without location information a rao c papadimitriou s shenker i stoica proceedings of the 9th annual international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
usability evaluation of the city university of new york cuny + database a oulanov electronic library 2001.0 
microscopic analysis of autograft bone applied at the interface of porous-coated devices in human aa hofmann rd bloebaum mh rubman kn bachus rl international orthopaedics 1992.0 
issues examples and challenges in formative assessment e hunt jw pellegrino new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
antiretrovirals for reducing the risk of mother-to-child transmission of hiv infection p brocklehurst j volmink cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
uml in a nutshel ss alhir   
andm . yannakakis . on monotone formulaewith restricted depth m klawe np wpaul proc . 16th acm symp . theory comp  
abstractions in semantic networks : axiom schemata for generalization aggregation and grouping u schiel acm sigart bulletin 1989.0 
the transportation revolution gr taylor new york : rinehart  
hemispheric disconnection : callosotomy and hemispherotomy jg villemure o vernet o delalande advances and technical standards in neurosurgery 2000.0 
fundamentals of production theory r fã $ re  1988.0 
integral solutions of linear systems me flahive proc . int . number  
t. & scheraga ha ( 1989 ) g montelione acc . chem .  
out-of-hospital pediatric intubation by paramedics : the san diego experience gm vilke pj steen am smith tc chan journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
developing institutional teams . jp gallagher new directions for higher education 1994.0 
traffic barrier systems initial report-installation of a thrie beam guardrail rl blost demonstration project  
nsw tool builder 's guide re millstein re schantz technical report massachusetts computer associates inc.  
structure and implementation of a relational query language for the problem solver f antonacci vn spadavecchia a turtur vldb 1977.0 
photocontrolling peptide helices ga woolley acc . chem . res 2005.0 
body size and foraging behavior in birds ri goudie jf piatt proc . int . omithol . cong  
bcontinuous nearest neighbor search ^ in proc y tao d papadias q shen intl. conf . on very large data bases ( vldb ) 287y298  
a resource management framework for predictable quality of service in web servers m aron s iyer p druschel submitted for  
some factors influencing the injuries sustained by child pedestrians struck by the front of cars sj ashton proceedings of the 23rd stapp car crash conference stapp & hellip ;  
strain and sex differences in chloroform-induced nephrotoxicity . different rates of metabolism of lr pohl h satoh   
case standards debate rages : sheer number of proposals hampers users vendors organizations n margolis   
a decomposition storage model gp copeland s khoshafian   
topical negative pressure for treating chronic wounds d evans l land cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
14â ?? 18 november 1993 . the fifth acm conference on hypertext proceedings acm siglink s sigir acm press seattle washington  
optical considerations in line focus fresnel concentrators d buie   
on the feasibility of peer-to-peer web indexing and search j li bt loo jm hellerstein mf kaashoek dr lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
how the church acts.â ?? ma as embodiment  1999.0 
the role of isdn in data networking chw everrett km blakey lnc morgan bt technology journal 1998.0 
corticosteroids for acute severe asthma in hospitalised patients r manser d reid m abramson cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
piecewise smooth surface reconstruction h hugues t derose t duchampâ ? ¦ computer graphics proceedings annual conference series 1994.0 
variable size block matching motion compensation with applications to video coding mh chan   
changing the rules : transformations for rule-based query optimizers m cherniack sb zdonik proc . acm sigmod intã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents l conference of management of  
interactive retrieval of 3d shape models using physical objects h ichida y itoh y kitamura f kishino proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
fundamentals of broadcast ofdm r wesel j cioffi proc . 29th asilomar conf . on signals systems and computers & hellip ;  
factorization of the popov function of a multivariable linear distributed parameter system in the l pandolfi   
calcium antagonists for aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage gj rinkel vl feigin a algra m vermeulen j van cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
acute l-thyroxine overdose ; therapy with sodium ipodate : evaluation of clinical and physiologic pd berkner h starkman n person journal of emergency medicine 1991.0 
hyperbaric oxygen for carbon monoxide poisoning dn juurlink mb stanbrook ma mcguigan cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?probabilistic analysis of large finite state machines ã cents â ? ¬ â ? 31st acm/ieee design gd hachtel e macii a pardo f somenzi  1994.0 
utilizing clinical factors to reduce head ct scan ordering for minor head trauma patients ec miller jf holmes rw derlet journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
insurer â ?? liesâ ?? to avoid year 2000 costs t ouellette computerworld  
prostacyclin and analogues for acute ischaemic stroke . pm bath fj bath cochrane database syst .  
intra-and interorganizational cooperation : toward a research agenda kg smith sj carroll sj ashford the academy of management journal 1995.0 
immunolocalization of proliferating perisinusoidal cells in rat liver sj johnson je hines ad burt the histochemical journal 1992.0 
generation of geometric model by registration and integration of multiple range images t masuda 3-d digital imaging and modeling 2001 . proceedings . third & hellip ; 2001.0 
towards a revised cen standard for electronic health record communication d kalra g freriks d lloyd g klein t beale s procs mobile-health europe  
tengger support of design-through-code [ uml through java ] for feature-oriented separation of w harrison c barton m raghavachari oopsla  
object-oriented encapsulation for dynamically typed languages n scharli ap black s ducasse   
a discounting method for reducing the eect of distribution variability in probability-level data k copsey procs . of eurofusion  
the functional model and the dab language daplex dw ishipmanbll shipman acm trans . database syst  
chemical properties division national institute of standards and technology gaithersburg kk irikura p synspec   
death and the loss of civilized prã © dation among the piaroa of the orinoco basin j overing see ref 1993.0 
active modeling of 3-d objects : planning on the next best pose ( nbp ) for acquiring range images h zha k morooka t hasegawa t nagata 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1997 . proceedings. & hellip ; 1997.0 
the quest for correct information on the web : hyper search engines m marchiori www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
loadstar : load shedding in data stream mining y chi h wang ps yu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
challenges : an application model for pervasive computing . august 2000 g banavar j beck e gluzberg j munson j sussman proc . 6th acm mobicom boston  
an investigation into loading a cache with query results l haas d kossmann i ursu technical report ibm almaden san jose ca march  
nyquistâ ?? s problem-the joint optimization of transmitter and receiver in pulse amplitude modulation dw tufts proc . ieee  
compactly representing parallel program executions a goel a roychoudhury t mitra   
12301 parklawn drive rockville atc collection   
dunbeath : whittles 2005 . 851 pp g milligan   
biogeography of ants in eastern madagascar bl fisher d girman see ref  
stationary and nonstationary learning characteristics of the lms adaptive filter b widrow mg larimore cr johnson ieee proceedings 1976.0 
query optimization for parallel execution s ganguly   
swale international standards for voip g travers p richard bt technology  
emotional expression and brain physiology i. approach/withdrawal and cerebral asymmetry rj davidson p ekman c saron j senulis wv journal of personality and social psychology  
how to read a poem : andfall in love with poetry e hirsch  1999.0 
logic aided lamarckian evolution e lamma   
influence of loss of child on mother 's reproduction cp prakasam  1994.0 
encoded bitmap indexing for data warehouses po ` neil d quass sigmod 1997 proceedings acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
how to leak a secret rl rivest a shamir y tauman lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
recommended resources . ml mcbee new directions for higher education 1980.0 
budesonide at different doses for chronic asthma n adams j bestall pw jones cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
pict : a programming language based on the pi-calculus 1997 bc pierce dn turner & hellip ; documentation demonstration programs and standard  
a constructive view of gpsg or how to make it work s buseinann c hauenschild procs . 12th col1ng-88 budapest  
changes in part d of idea : an initial analysis of benchmark policy changes and their relationships pj kleinhammer-tramill ks gallagher p earley unpublished manuscript  
electromigration failure modes in aluminum metallization for semiconductor devices jr black proc . ieee  
performance measures for library networked services and resources r poll   
control-sensitive feature selection for lazy learners f domingos artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
modern times : the industrial revolution and the concept of time . fh doppen social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
computational methods for fast and accurate dna fragment assembly cf allex  1999.0 
local knowledge : innovation in the networked age js brown p duguid management learning 2002.0 
guidelines for blood recovery and reinfusion in surgery and trauma . american association for blood cp stowell gf giordano j kiss sw renner rb md  
radiomap : experiential interactive environment m hohl   
hypergraph partitioning for vlsi cad : methodology for reporting and new results ae caldwell ab kahng aa kennings il markov   
inferring function semantics to optimize queries m cherniack sb zdonik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
arabesques of influence : the repressed conradian masterplot in the novels of graham greene rw pendleton  1992.0 
inner and outer ecology ; transitions to a sustainable worldview . rk hetzel   
energy and depletable resources : economics and policy 1973-98 cd kolstad   
program slicing m harman kb gallagher information and software technology 1998.0 
fundamentals of data element definition rm curtice proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1981.0 
t.â ?? papatheodourou evaluation of hypermedia application development and management systems â ?? s christodoulou g styliaras proceedings of acm hypertext â ?? 98  
transparency and awareness in a real-time groupware system m beaudouin-lafon a karsenty proceedings of the 5th annual acm symposium on user & hellip ; 1992.0 
congestion pricing overlaid on edge-to-edge congestion control m yuksel s kalyanaraman a goel   
interventions targeted at women to encourage the uptake of cervical screening c forbes r jepson p martin-hirsch cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
e. galleani d'agliano and r. julien b coqblin proceedings of the conference on superconductivity in d and & hellip ;  
evaluated phase diagrams of binary metal -- tellurium systems of the d-block transition elements sr bharadwaj  1989.0 
distinctiveness-sensitive nearest-neighbor search for efficient similarity retrieval of multimedia n katayama s satoh & hellip ; 2001 . proceedings . 17th international conference on 2001.0 
