progress through ich toward harmonization of genetic toxicology testing practices for gs probst seattle   washington dc    
an empirical review of price behaviour on the internet h riquelme electronic markets   2001.0 
lohman . gm r * optimizer validation and performance evaluation for local queries lf mackert proceedings of sigmodâ ?? 86 . washington . may    
crypt breakerâ ?? s workbench users manual   '' rw baldwin mit laboratory for computer science ( october 1986 )   unpublished  
convergent stakeholder theory tm jones   ac wicks the academy of management review   1999.0 
hierarchical grouping in artificial intelligence . aaai spring symposium on artificial intelligence m mortimer  2000.0 
object   message   and performance : how they coexist in self d ungar   rb smith   c chambers   
sybase iq multiplex-designed for analytics r macnicol   b french   
energy conservation 2000 mayville and horicon : a study of a community-based program b neal   c sabo wisconsin demand-side demonstration   april    
heated   humidified air for the common cold m singh cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
aspects of disc brake judder h jacobsson proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2003.0 
inside visual c++ jk david  1996.0 
instrumental stakeholder theory : a synthesis of ethics and economics tm jones the academy of management review   1995.0 
curves and surfaces in computer aided geometric design g farin   
progressive encoding for lossless transmission of 3d meshes p alliez   m desbrun acm siggraph conference proceedings    
continuous querying in database-centric web applications jc shafer   r agrawal www9 / computer networks   2000.0 
hints of discontent s alexander   
the haskell school of expression : learning functional programming through multimedia   2000 p hudak   
syntactic accidents in program analysis d damian   o danvy proceedings of the 2000 acm sigplan international conference  
sigcas chair 's message cd martin computers and society    
dose loads on hydrobionts and the population in regions of operation of nuclear-powered ships va danilyan   vd vysotskii   mn katkova   ii kryshev at .  
distributed data bases : a-sumnary of research jp fry   me deppe computer networks    
perceiving pervasive discrimination among african americans : implications for group identification nr branscombe   mt schmitt   rd harvey journal of personality and social psychology   1999.0 
improved query performance with variant indices poâ ?? neill   d quass proceedings of sigmod conference    
the placement allocation program : a practical solution to the disk file assignment problem j wolf proc . acm sigmetrics conf    
graduate program in communication sciences & disorders cg students  2006.0 
an adaptivecongestioncontrol schemeforreal-timepacket video h kanakia   pp mishra   a reibman proceedings of acm sigcomm computer communications review    
lernerautonomie und lernstrategien   fernstudieneinheit 23   langenscheidt   mã 1/4 nchen   2000 p bimmel   u rampillon   
or constraint maintenance ibm research report rj 7348 s cen   jwdp rules ibm almaden research center   march    
mix barrington   huong lethanh   on counting ac0 circuits with negative constants a ambainis   a david proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on  
a cmos analog parallel array processor chip with programmable dynamics for early vision tasks r carmona   f jimã © nez-garrido   r domãnguez - castro   
inferring high-level behavior from low-level sensors dj patterson   l liao   d fox   h kautz lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
client puzzles : a cryptographic defense against connection depletion attacks a juels   j brainard proceedings of ndss    
l   j. gerlach   and t. kropf . an efficient algorithm for real-time model checking j fro proc . edaa/acm/ieee  
practical predicate placement jm hellerstein   
program micro-and macrotheory : a guide for social change wr shadish new directions for program evaluation . jossey-bass inc   san & hellip ;    
data compression for bitmap indexes y chen   
histochemistry of nucleotidyl cyclases and cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases g poeggel   h luppa the histochemical journal   1988.0 
pat selinger speaks out p selinger   m winslett sigmod record    
the utilisation of un-cultivated rural land in southern norway during the last 2000/2500 yearsâ ?? d moe proceedings   ve congrs international de la socit dâ ?? & hellip ;    
differential analysis on manifolds with corners rb melrose   
naturalistic study of evaluation utilization mc alkin new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
concurrentuseofb-treeswith variable-length entries wg kelleram sigmod rec    
the architecture of simplicity d miller the academy of management review   1993.0 
coalescing in temporal databases mh bijhlen   rt snodgrass   md soo   
introduction to lie algebras and representation theory [ m ] je humphreys new york    
algorithms for cochannel source separation and signal estimation a mathur  1996.0 
javascript 1.2 addison-wesley s mintert   
toward a theory of organizational creativity rw woodman   je sawyer   rw griffin the academy of management review   1993.0 
mortality factors in a cyclic vole population k norrdahl   e korpimaki proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
relational algebras   logic   and functional programming pav hall acm sigmod record   1984.0 
peter jones   daphne comfort and david hillier p geographer   t geography geography   2005.0 
the ecommerce revolution s steward   j callaghan   t rea bt technology journal   1999.0 
bounded concurrent time-stamps are constructible d dolev   n shavit proc . acm stoc  
trans-bis ( acetylacetonato . o   o ' ) ( 3-methyl-pyridine-n ) nitrocobalt ( ili ) a cryst acc . chem .  
state evaluation in a legislative environment : adapting evaluation to legislative needs jr brown new directions for program evaluation    
neill and g. graefe . multi-table joins through bitmapped join indexes p oã cents sigmod record    
formal description of realtime systems : a review . m joseph   a goswami information and software technology   1989.0 
lazy theorem proving for bounded model checking over infinite domains l de moura   h ruess   m sorea lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
the kdb-tree a search structure for large multldlmenslonal dynamic indexes jt robmsonsla robinson proc acmsigmod   pp l & 18    
maximal objects and the semantics of universal relation databases d maier   jd ullman acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
skip navigator department chair : jonathan mark kenoyer fs list  1999.0 
wavelet packet modelling of infant sleep state using heart rate data gp nason   t sapatinas   a sawczenko submitted for publication   1999.0 
martingales and stochastic integrals in the theory of continuous trading   stoch jm harrison   sr pliska proc . appl    
source proceedings of symposium d of the 1993 e-mrs spring meeting on integrated processing for h sik   m riet   c dubon-chevallier   b sermage proceedings of symposium d of the 1993 e-mrs spring meeting & hellip ;   1994.0 
program abstract for neer grant de-fg-07-99id13781 jp blanchard university of wisconsin    
strrversion2 . 0 [ computerprogrammanual ] s fowler   r andingham & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa barbara    
dynamically reconfigurable coprocessor for network processors e maehle   c albrecht   r hagenau proc . work in progress session   29th euromicro conference & hellip ;    
hematoma of the rectus abdominis muscle : case report and review of the literature il dubinsky journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
bt trustwiseâ ?? enabling ecommerce through trust ba cross bt technology journal   1999.0 
r * optimizer validation and performance for distributed queries l mackert   g lohman proc . of intl. conf . on vldb    
the erosion of federal program evaluation hs havens new directions for program evaluation    
a next step : discussion to consider unifying the ers and joint committee standards dl stufflebeam new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 
effective training of program evaluators : a mixture of art and science ed brown new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
three-dimensional electroanatomical mapping within the isthmus between the tricuspic valve and the h kottkamp   b anderson   y ho   g hindricks submitted for publication    
fragments of relations d maier   jd ullman proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1983.0 
wealth and the timing of retirement s khitatrakun  2000.0 
data placement in bubba g gopeland   w alexander   e boughter   t keller proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of data    
on the selection of indices for a file . rep. rj1341   ibm   san jose   cabf.   jan. 1974 wf king acm transactions on database  
design of a lightweight automotive brake disc using finite element and taguchi techniques dg grieve   dc barton   d crolla   jt buckingham proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   1998.0 
reusable models : making your models more user-friendly om ulgen   n otto   t thomasma   
features and performance   white paper rd protocol microsoft  
range queries in olap data cubes   in â ?? sigmodâ ?? 97 ct ho   r agrawal   n megiddo   r srikant & hellip ; acm sigmod international conference on management of data    
a token-ring medium-access-control with quality of service guarantees for wireless ad-hoc networks d lee   r attias   a puri   r sengupta   s tripakis   p proceedings of acm  
andm . mehta . sprint : ascalableparallel classifier fordata mining . in 22 nd j shafer   r agrawal vldb proceedings   bombay   india    
transient handover blocking probabilities in road covering cellular mobile networks rj boucherie   j van der wal computer networks   2003.0 
pharmacological treatment for aphasia following stroke ( cochrane review ) j greener   p enderby   r whurr cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
cytologic features of neoplastic lesions in endocervical glands kp siziopikou   hh wang   g abu-jawdeh   
adsp oâ ?? neil . the dangers of replication and a solution jn gray   p helland proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
inverter-fed multiphase reluctance machines with reduced armature reaction and improved power r mayer   h mosebach   u schrã ¶ der   h weh proc . int . conf . electrical machines    
role-based security   object-oriented database & separation of duties m nyanchama   s osborn acm sigmod record    
tina dacus   lann bookout   and jim patek   '' water availability modeling project : year 1-concept plan   k sokulsky proceedings of the 25 thwater for texas conference   water  
a lagrangian relaxation method for approximating the analytic center of a polytope   '' m kojima   n megiddo   s mizuno   
client-level outcomes of mental health services for children and adolescents ca heflinger new directions for program evaluation    
implementation of a nurse practitioner-staffed fast track c covington   t erwin   f sellers journal of emergency nursing   1992.0 
modelling of features and feature interaction patterns in nokia mobile phones using coloured petri l lorentsen   ap tuovinen   j xu proceedings of the 23rd international conferece on theory & hellip ;    
adaptive scheduling with client resources to improve www server scalability d andresen   t yang  1996.0 
interbase : a multidatabase prototype system oa bukhres   j chen   ak elmagarmid   x liu   jg   
efficient xml-to-sql query translation : where to add the intelligence ? r krishnamurthy   r kaushik   j naughton proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
the definition and measurement of oviposition preference in plant-feeding insects mc singer insect-plant interactions   1986.0 
cd-rom . 2000 ed e encyclopedia california : microsoft    
easyliving : ubiquitous computing & the role of geometry b brumitt   j krumm   b meyers   s shafer   
a review and empirical analysis of feature weighting methods for a class of lazy learning algorithms d wettschereck   dw aha   t mohri artificial intelligence review    
some conjectures in the block theory of solvable restricted lie algebras j feldvoss  1993.0 
new cyclic difference sets with singer parameters jf dillon   h dobbertin submitted for  
macrocultures : determinants and consequences e abrahamson   cj fombrun the academy of management review   1994.0 
ecological methodology : harper collins publishers cj krebs new york    
the determinants of goal commitment ea locke   gp latham   m erez the academy of management review   1988.0 
program evaluation je sieber new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
internet protocol version 6 ( ipv6 )   2000   microsoft windows 2000 tcp/ip protocols and services t lee   j davies microsoft  
efficient temporal-logic query checking for presburger systems d zhang   r cleaveland proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
black is beautiful : a reexamination of racial preference and identification j hraba   g grant journal of personality and social psychology   1970.0 
db2 design advisor : integrated automated physical database design j rao   s lightstone   g lohman   d zilio   a storm   c proc . vldb    
when good fit is bad : the dynamics of perceived fit mj davern   
irreversibility and adiabatic computation : trading time for energy m li   pmb vitanyi   
the self-sufficiency project at 36 months : effects on children of a program that increased parental p morris   c michalopoulos  2000.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?maintaining views incrementally   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc a gupta   is mumick   vs subrahmanian acm sigmod    
emergency nurses ' moral evaluation of patients cl grief   r elliott journal of emergency nursing   1994.0 
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation for knee osteoarthritis m osiri   v welch   l brosseau   b shea   j mcgowan   p cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
deconstructing binary race and sex categories : a comparison of the multiracial and transgendered ja greenberg san diego law review   2002.0 
bugs : avoiding the avoidable and living with the rest l hatton procs . of durham    
a message passmg framework for logical query evalatlon a van gelder proc acm sigmod int conf on management of data   may    
data base directions : information resource management-making it work   executive summary . acms anthology sigmod record   1986.0 
acute inflammation in gram-negative infection : endotoxin   interleukin 1   tumor necrosis factor   and hz movat   mi cybulsky   ig colditz   mk chan   ca fed proc   1987.0 
myocardial infarction in young adults : risk factors and clinical features mg kanitz   sj giovannucci   js jones   m mott journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
wk im . multimedia information management in an object-oriented database system d woelk proc . very large data bases    
a design for integrating the internet chair and a telerobot m cohen proc . int . conf . information society in the 21st  
parallel mining of association rules r agrawal   jc shafer   
query by diagramm : a graphic query system . acms anthology   
recurrence of nephrotic syndrome during cyclosporin treatment after renal transplantation aj voets   aj hoitsma   rap koene lancet i   1986.0 
improved query performance with variant indexes   acm sigmod intl p ã?neill   d quass conf . on management of data   tucson    
anti-rana antibody : a marker for seronegative and seropositive rheumatoid arthritis kc ng   ka brown   jd perry   ej holborow lancet i   1980.0 
a fast algorithm for high-dimensional similarity joins k shim   r srikant   r agrawal technical report   ibm almaden research center    
a decidable class of bounded recursions jf naughton   y sagiv proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1987.0 
separable algebras over commutative rings f demeyer   e ingraham  1970.0 
md   chair anne drapkin lyerly aj morales   
automating the development and evolution of user dialogue in an interactive information system ai wasserman   d shewmake submitted far publication    
use of computer-aided instruction in graduate nursing education : a controlled trial ep hoffer   ho methewson   a loughery   go barnett journal of emergency nursing   1975.0 
end-to-end performance and fairness in multihop wireless backhaul networks v gambiroza   b sadeghi   ew knightly   
micro-payments based on ikp . ibm zurich research laboratory r hauser   m steinerâ ? ¦  1996.0 
cyclic nucleotides as modulators of leukocyte chemotaxis hr hill see ref    
while a phobic waits : regional brain electrical and autonomic activity predict anxiety in social rj davidson   jr marshall   aj tomarken   jb submitted for publication    
general features of monetary models and their significance . '' n wallace unpublished manuscript   2002.0 
soil catenas   tropical deforestation   and ancient and contemporary soil erosion in the peten   t beach physical geography   1998.0 
risk factors and pathogenesis of posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorders m ho transplantation proceedings   1995.0 
should there be holocaust education for k-4 students ? the answer is no s totten social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
heuristic versus systematic information processing and the use of source versus message cues in s chaiken journal of personality and social psychology   1980.0 
continuing professional education : a spiritually based program lw miller new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
the 1980-81 washington pre-college counselors guide rj noeth seattle : washington pre-college test program    
naã ¯ ve-network aware internet video encoding hm briceo   s gortle   l mcmillan proc . acm multimedia    
interview with authors b landing san diego    
db2 query parallelâ ?? ism : staging and implement at ion y wang   
workflow management with service quality guarantees m gillmann   
ernesn 2000 biomagnetic systems for clinical use s della penna   c del gratta   c granata   a phil .  
more accurate equation for analyzing by the radial averaging method the separation of a binary vi tokmantsev at .  
assessing students ' problem-solving assignments rs anderson   jb puckett new directions for teaching and learning   2003.0 
needha chair 's message m hagler ieee edsoc/asee ee div . '' newsletter ''   spring  
sevcik : the grid file h nievergelt acm tods    
the composition of boards of directors and strategic control : effects on corporate strategy b baysinger   re hoskisson the academy of management review   1990.0 
linguistically informed models of constituent structure for ordering in sentence realization e ringger   m gamon   m smets   s corston-oliver   r microsoft research technical report msr-tr-2003-54    
hard-won lessons in program evaluation m scriven new directions for program evaluation   1993.0 
multicomplexes   bounded cohomology and additivity of simplicial volume . available at http://front . t kuessner   
national tall fescue testâ ?? 1996 . progress report 1997   ntep no. 98-1 . national turfgrass evaluation kn morris   r shearman md    
cancer incidence and survival among children and adolescents : united states seer program 1975-1995   lag ries   ma smith   jg gurney   m linet   t tamra   md    
querying object-orienteddatabases wk michaelkifer   y sagiv proc . of acm sigmod    
navajo education   1948-1978 : its progress and its problems . volume iii   part a   navajo history . ra roesselâ ? ¦  1979.0 
regularization of mellin-type inverse problems with an application to oil engeneering   february 2004 o hansen   s fischer   r ramlau   
toxicity assessment of waters from macquarie harbour   western tasmania   using algae   invertebrates jl stauber   m ahsanullah   b nowak   tm florence mount lyell remediation research and demonstration program   & hellip ;    
semantic brokering over dynamic heterogeneous data sources in infosleuth m nodine   w bohrer   ahh ngu   
a predicate matching algorithm for database rule systems   '' acm sigmod int en hanson   m chaabouni   ch kim   yw wang conf . on management of data   atlantic city   nj   may    
pm4d final report m fischer   c kam  2002.0 
theory construction as disciplined imagination ke weick the academy of management review   1989.0 
pre-scheme : a scheme dialect for systems programming ra kelsey submitted for publication   1992.0 
kinetics of ordering transformations in metals h chen   vk vasudevan  1992.0 
differential phase shift ar jameson & hellip ; on radar meteorology   zurich   switzerland   amer . meteor . soc    
project size and software maintenance productivity : empirical evidence on economies of scale in rd banker   s slaughter proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1994.0 
review of load-flow calculation methods b stott proc . ieee    
sources of conflict between work and family roles jh greenhaus   nj beutell the academy of management review   1985.0 
asim users manual . alewife systems memo 13 d chaiken   bh lim   d nussbaum  1990.0 
operator scheduling in a data stream manager d carney   u cetintemel   a rasin   s zdonik   m vldb   2003.0 
î ² - peptides : nature improved ?   c & en 1997   16 june   32â ?? 35 . gellman   sh   foldamers : a manisfesto s borman acc . chem . res    
controlled spawning of southern flounder paralichthys lethostigma : issues and progress tij smith   mr denson   
on the relative placement and the transportation problem for standard-cell layout km just   jm kleinhans   fm johannes proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
improvement of a global ionospheric model to provide ionospheric range error corrections for single - a komjathy   r langley md   1996.0 
linear road : a benchmark for stream data management systems a arasu   m cherniack   e galvez   d maier   a maskey   vldb  
qcd : renormalization for the practitioner p pascual   r tarrach  1984.0 
certificate chain discovery in spki/sdsi ( work in progress ) rl rivest   d clarkeâ ? ¦  1999.0 
one-pass wavelet synopses for maximum-error metrics p karras   n mamoulis proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
huron college : an intergenerational program . wf price   jd bromert new directions for higher education   1980.0 
reconceptualizing mentoring at work : a developmental network perspective mc higgins   ke kram academy of management review   2001.0 
what practices are being adopted on the web ? v turau ieee computer   1998.0 
on the expression complexity of the modal-calculus model checking s dziembowski   m jurdzinski   d niwinski  1996.0 
advances in attribute grammar driven hardware compilation g economakos   i panagopoulos   g papakonstantinou information and software  
bounded-diameter spanning tree and related problems j ho   dt lee   ch chang   ck wong proc . acm symp . on computational geometry    
the text encoding initiative guidelines and their application to building digital libraries ( n ide   j klavans proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   1996.0 
secretary treasurer 's reports jj joyce acm sigmod record   1977.0 
integers   without large prime factors   in arithmetic progressions a granville   
phosphorylation of ser-3 of cofilin regulates its essential function on actin k moriyama   k iida   i yahara genes to cells   1996.0 
dynamic stereometry of the temporomandibular joint from 3d imaging and tracking data m krebs swiss federal institute of technology   zurich   switzerland    
adiba and bg lindsay . database snapshots me al801 vldb   october   2001.0 
high frequency data do improve volatility and risk estimation f corsi   m dacorogna   u muller   g zumbach olsen & associated discussion paper   zurich   switzerland    
optimizing candidate check costs for bitmap indices d rotem   k stockinger   k wu proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
a gradient from stable to cyclic populations of clethrionomys rufocanus in hokkaido   japan nc stenseth   on bjornstad   t saitoh proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
a new approach to the modal logic of intervals a hussain   m marx  2004.0 
temporal and selective association of multiple sigma factors with rna polymerase during sporulation m fujita genes to cells   2000.0 
blending two cultures : state legislative auditing and evaluation ra brooks new directions for program evaluation    
cambridge : cambridge university press ; 2000 gb regulation   
information technology diffusion : a review of empirical research rg fichman   
parallelism   control and synchronization expression in a single assignment language d comte   g durrieu   o gelly   a plas   jc syre acm sigplan notices   1978.0 
on the separation of equalization and coding jm cioffi proc . 29th allerton conf . communication   control   and  
film criticism and micro-computer courseware evaluation gm della-piana new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 
relationship between interphase agnor distribution and nucleolar size in cancer cells m derenzini   f farabegoli   d trerã ¨ the histochemical journal   1992.0 
task complexity : a review and analysis dj campbell the academy of management review   1988.0 
automatic film genre classification s fischer   w effelsberg proc . acm multimedia    
holiday inn books client/server m wagner computerworld    
colin d nash noaa   seattle   washington ( brief telephone discussion )   & hellip ;    
investigative journalism methods in educational evaluation de nelson new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 
so what is the problem ? difficulties at the gate ew willemsen new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
cultural variations in the cross-border transfer of organizational knowledge : an integrative rs bhagat   bl kedia   pd harveston   hc triandis academy of management review   2002.0 
august . congestion avoidance and control v jacobson computer communications review   proceedings of acm sigcomm    
dialogue specification and control : a review of models and techniques dt clarke   gp crum information and software technology   1994.0 
libbandb version 3.2 manual ab singer  2004.0 
comparative test of solar dryers g michael   h bergler   m owen-jones   g schroder technology demonstration center   platforma solar de almeria    
the kdb-tree : a search structure for large multidimensional dynamic indexes jt robinson  1981.0 
legal and government implications of the ers standards for program evaluation j cahn new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 
an unconditionally stable full-wave maxwell 's equations solver for vlsi interconnect modeling ccp chen   tw lee   n murugesan   sc hagness   g fdtd - proceedings of the 2000 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;    
paps -- the public assistance processing system jr david proc . acm urban symposium    
higher education funding formulas mp mckeown-moak new directions for higher education   1999.0 
supporting consistent updates in replicated multidatabase systems w du   ak elmagarmid   w kim   o bukhres the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
derived trail making test indices in a sample of cocaine abusers : demographic effects c roberts   am horton jr   
a preliminary report on the application of the strength of client feeling scale-revised : measuring s iwakabe   a stalikas   n gazzola   k rogan fourth european congress of psychology   athens    
en varian   hr ( 1999 ) information rules c shapiro a strategie guide to the network  
distributed data bases ; a summary of research m deppe   jp fry computer networks    
an end-to-end communication architecture for collaborative virtual environments s shirmohammadi   nd georganas computer networks   2001.0 
associate of science in nursing and advanced placement entry associate of arts -- â ?? college transfer s year at  
statistical equilibrium with special reference to the mechanism of ionisation by electronic impacts rh fowler phil . mag    
learning to filter spam e-mail : a comparison of a naive bayesian and a memory-based approach i androutsopoulosâ ? ¦   
improved performance guarantees for bandwidth minimization heuristics u feige   r krauthgamer unpublished manuscript    
maintaining views incremently h gupta   is mumick   vs subrahmanian acm sigmod int . conference on management of data   washington & hellip ;    
interview n myhrvold pc magazine    
why culture is common   but cultural evolution is rare r boyd   pj richerson proceedings-british academy   1996.0 
improving interactional organizational research : a model of person-organization fit ja chatman the academy of management review   1989.0 
note on the expected size of a join a rosenthal sigmod record   1981.0 
on the cyclic to acyclic scheme transformation and solving cyclic queries zm ozsoyoglu   e choukhmane proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0 
an ethnographic methodology for design process analysis . < i > proceedings of the 12th international mk stacey   cm eckert technical university of munich    
control and collaboration : paradoxes of governance c sundaramurthy   m lewis academy of management review   2003.0 
handbuch des fachsprachenunterrichts   narr   tã 1/4 bingen   2000 r buhlmann   a fearns   
exterior differential systems rl bryantâ ? ¦  1991.0 
a practical guide to the smartphone application security and code signing model for developers j pratt microsoft    
migrate   documentation and program   part of lamarc 0.9 p beerli  1997.0 
aladdin   the 1024x1024 insb array : test results am fowler proceedings spie   1995.0 
multi-phase redistribution : a communication-efficient approach to array redistribution sd kaushik   ch huang   j ramanujam   p sadayappan submitted for  
fatal spontaneous rupture of a gravid uterus : case report and literature review of uterine rupture s suner   l jagminas   jf peipert   j linakis journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
data base research at berkeley m stonebraker sigmod record   1990.0 
efficient support of delay and rate guarantees l georgiadis   r guerin   v peris   r rajan acm sigcomm    
the ems revolution ( a survey of electronic message systems ) rr panko   
modeling random early detection in a differentiated services network aa abouzeid   s roy computer networks   2002.0 
improved masking algorithm chaotic communications systems   me zaghloul  1996.0 
the escrow transactional method pe o'neil acm transactions on database systems   1986.0 
benefits of music therapy as an adjunct to chest physiotherapy in infants and toddlers with cystic mc grasso   bm button   dj allison   sm sawyer   
using the tools of philosophy : metaphor in action ca lane new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 
program personnel : the missing ingredient in describing the program environment ka peterson   l bickman new directions for program evaluation   1988.0 
â ?? the kdb tree : a search structure for large multidimensional dynamic indexes jtr rob811 proceedings of the 1981 acm-sigmod conference   april   11.0 
acupuncture for idiopathic headache d melchart   k linde   p fischer   b berman   a white   cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
separation power of a gas centrifuge and certain errors in optimizing it oe aleksandrov at .  
scalable coherent interface d scheme ieee computer    
relational users can learn from ims mistakes . tf o'neil computerworld.   1981.0 
a hierarchical a posteriori error estimate for nonlinear incompressible elasticity in the plane r araya   p le tallec   ep stephan submitted for  
range queries in olap data cubes h ch   r agrawal   n megiddo   r srikant proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
range-sum queries in data cubes ct ho   r agrawal   r srikant proc . of  
learning table access cardinalities with leo . v markl   gm lohman   
andm j gripp   p bernasconi   c chan   kl sherman zirngibl   \ \ demonstration of a 1tb/s optical packet switch  
measuring and testing program philosophy kj conrad   tq miller new directions for program evaluation   1987.0 
running microsoft word 2000 c rubin  1999.0 
the economics of distributed computing . 2003 j gray microsoft  
specifying connections for a universal relation scheme database d maier   ds warren proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
supporting image/video applications in a mobile multihop radio environment using route diversity n gogate   ss panwar proc . int . conf . communications    
e-mailâ ?? s double-edged sword b cole-gomolski computerworld    
matthew   pat hanrahan . wiregl : a scalable graphics system for clusters g humphreys   m eldridge   i buck   g stoll proceedings of acm siggraph    
needlestick injuries and subsequent disease : first-person accounts from 3 nurses ba algie   l arnold   cl fowler journal of emergency nursing   1999.0 
phidgets ( 2001 ) : easy development of physical interfaces through physical widgets s greenberg   c fitchett proc acm  
workflow management with service quality guarantees ( sigmod02 ) m gillmann   g weikum   w wonner sigmod  
extended logging for database snapshot refresh b kã $ hler   o risnes proc . of the 13th internat . vldb conference   brighton    
panel : the state-of-the-art in temporal database management : perspectives from the research and j clifford   c jensen   r snodgrass   m bã ¶ hlen   h proceedings of the vldb international workshop on temporal & hellip ;    
separation of concerns : overhead in modeling and efficient simulation techniques g yang   a sangiovanni-vincentelli   y watanabe   f   
self-regulation of mood : strategies for changing a bad mood   raising energy   and reducing tension re thayer   jr newman   tm mcclain journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
multi-agent trading environment mj owen   l lee   g sewell   s steward   d thomas bt technology journal   1999.0 
program design . fd van aalst new directions for higher education   1974.0 
electro-rheological valves in a hydraulic circuit aj simmonds   
review of current regulation techniques for three-phase pwm inverters mp kazmierkowski   ma dzieniakowski iecon-proceedings -   1994.0 
improved query performance with variant indexes . sigmod intl. conf p ã?neill   d quass on management of data   tucson    
directional wavelet transform via parabolic scaling : i. resolution of the wavefront set ej candes   dl donoho technical report   stanford university    
escape deliverable 4.0 towards a common methodology   esprit long term research project 25377   ja hughes   a crabtree   t rodden isbn    
access path selection in a relational database management pg selingerâ ? ¦ proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data    
numerical solution of ordinary differential equations lf shampine   
flexibly mapping synchronous groupware architectures to distributed implementations t urnes   tcn graham submitted for publication   1999.0 
bayesian denoising of visual images in the wavelet domain ep simoncelli lecture notes in statistics-new york-springer verlag -   1999.0 
methylamide / - carboline ( fg 7142 )   an anxiogenic benzodiazepine antagonist   is also a proconvulsant j rossier   rh dodd   s feldblum   a valin   l prado lancet i    
utilizing unilateral and multilateral groups to enhance program development . ms charuhas new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
qualifications of evaluators : a federal perspective w lohr new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
improving mailed questionnaire design s sudman   n bradburn new directions for program evaluation   1984.0 
characterization of the c. elegans gap-2 gene encoding a novel ras-gtpase activating protein and its s hayashizaki   y iino   m yamamoto genes to cells   1998.0 
al-taha   richard t. snodgrass   michael d. soo   bibliography on spatiotemporal databases k khaled acm sigmod record    
measuring child   adolescent   and family service use bj burns   a angold   ej costelloâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation    
qcdnum15 : a fast qcd evolution program m botje to  
multi-table joins through bitmapped join indices on o'ngg95 patrick   g graefe acm sigmod record    
surgical interventions for age-related cataract ( cochrane review ) t snellingen   jr evans   t ravilla   a foster cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
incremental development : review of nonmonolithic life-cycle development models . dr graham information and software technology   1989.0 
and social programs t evaluators new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
the next generation of uppaal a david   g behrmann   kg larsen   w yi   
community characteristics of old-growth western juniper woodlands ws waichler   rf miller   ps doescher journal of range management   2001.0 
impurity transport simulation in radiatively improved and itb plasmas in ftu l carraro   m finkenthal   k fournier   l gabellieri     
â ?? a review of complementary transistor circuits ras is electronic design    
when code is content : experiments with a whistling machine m bã ¶ hlen   jt rinker proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
automating physical database design in a parallel database j rao sigmod conference   2002.0 
the organizational impact of profit sharing gw florkowski the academy of management review   1987.0 
matrix transpose on meshes with wormhole and xy routing   rapp . tech c ho ibm research division almaden research center   juin    
donor-specific factors predict graft function following liver transplantation pd greig   j forster   ra superina   sm strasberg   m transplant proc   1990.0 
on the performance of bitmap indices for high cardinality attributes k wu   e otoo   a shoshani proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
a bit-level systolic block fir filter chip with built-in self-test structure   '' jc wang   cw wu proc . int . symp .  
is & t 's nip18 int . conf . digital printing technol k suganami   m takeuchi   t oguchi  2002.0 
a physical piano model for music performance g borin   d rocchesso   f scalcon proc . int . computer music conf    
agent-based semantic interoperability in infosleuth . acms anthology sigmod record   1999.0 
vibrations due to loads moving with sub-critical and supercritical velocities on rigid track g pflanz   j garcia   g schmid proc . int . workshop wave    
strong typing and physical units r mã $ nner acm sigplan notices   1986.0 
understanding client/server computing w fastie pc magazine   enterprise computing    
staffing intermediate care services : a review of the literature to inform workforce planning sa nancarrow   g mountain isbn    
some findings on the cost of congestion in a retail application of waiting line analysis rd vonriesen barnes   jim d.   and heflin   thomas l.   proceedings and  
the grid file : an adaptable   symmetric multikey fik w-ture j nievergelt   h hinterberger   kc sevcik acm trans . on database systems    
smad8b   a smad8 splice variant lacking the ssxs site that inhibits smad8-mediated signalling m nishita   n ueno   h shibuya genes to cells   1999.0 
coarse grained parallel next element search a chan   f dehne   a rau-chaplin   
fair games and full completeness for multiplicative linear logic without the mix-rule jme hyland   chl ong unpublished manuscript    
predicate migration placement jm hellerstein proc . of acm sigmod   minneapolis    
temporal database system implementations mh bohlen acm sigmod record    
the broadband call control demonstratorâ ?? a platform for itu-t   davic and tina-c implementations pw reece   rm macey   pl clarke bt technology journal   1998.0 
a discussion of indices for the evaluation of fuzzy associations in relational databases d dubois   h prade   t sudkamp   
product models 4d m fischer   c kam cife technical report number 143   cife stanford university    
scapholunate dissociation : a practical approach for the emergency physician pd casey   r youngberg journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
the influence of antenna illumination function characteristics on differential reflectivity ph herzegh   re carbone conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
what is the data warehousing problem a gupta   is mumick are materialized views the  
reconceptualizing the determinants of risk behavior sb sitkin   al pablo the academy of management review   1992.0 
julio and josefina hernandez   roger terronez   chris hartmire   jim drake   and fred ross r orendain   
statistical synopses for graph-structured data n polyzotis   m garofalakis proceedings of sigmod    
road rage ' j vitiello computerworld    
cross-validation and the bootstrap : estimating the error rate of a prediction rule . dept. of b efron   r tibshirani  1995.0 
network tomography using end-to-end multicast measurements d towsley proc . of acm  
efficient resumption of interrupted warehouse loads w labio   jl wiener   h garcia-molina   v gorelik sigmod conference   2000.0 
rangequeriesinolapdata cubes ct hoetal proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
syllable-level desynchronisation of phonetic features for speech recognition k kirchhoff   
metaevaluation n nilsson   d hogben new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 
the functions of program theory l bickman new directions for program evaluation   1987.0 
committee hearings as an evaluation format nk stenzel new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 
the university mission statement : a tool for the university curriculum   institutional effectiveness   me mouritsen new directions for higher education   1986.0 
comparison of flutter device and chest physical therapy in the treatment of cystic fibrosis m gondor   pa nixon   r mutich   p rebovich   dm   
appraisals of control and predictability in adapting to a chronic disease g affleck   h tennen   c pfeiffer   j fifield journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
d. quass improved query performance with variant indexes po neil proceedings of acm sigmod    
elective versus selective caesarean section for delivery of the small baby a grant cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
the last wave of affirmative action m adams wisconsin law review   1998.0 
computational strategies for object recognition p suetens   p fua   aj hanson acm computing surveys ( csur )   1992.0 
our peopleâ ?? innovative and creative m fowler bt technology journal   2000.0 
a review of spinal immobilization techniques ra de lorenzo journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
participatory evaluation : a tool to assess projects and empower people i brunner   a guzman new directions for program evaluation   1989.0 
natural language and message sequence chart representation of use cases lmg feijs information & software technology   2000.0 
the grid le : an adaptable   symmetric multikey le structure j nievergelt   h hinterberger   kc sevcik acm transactions on database systems    
billsus daniel i webb geoffrey   j pazzani michael machine learning for user modelinguser modeling and user - & hellip ;    
parallel algorithms for the execution of relational database operations d bitton   h boral   dj dewitt   wk wilkinson acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
dnabootâ ?? bootstrap confidence intervals on dna parsimony 3.1 j felsenstein seattle : university of washington    
uncapping mandatory retirement : the lobbyists ' influence . hj pratt new directions for higher education   1989.0 
knowledge   bargaining power   and the instability of international joint ventures ac inkpen   pw beamish the academy of management review   1997.0 
automating camera management in a lecture room q liu   y rui   a gupta   j cadiz proceedings of acm  
risk preference differentials of small groups and individuals rs shupp   a williams unpublished  
using labeled paths for loop-free on-demand routing in ad hoc networks h rangarajan   jj garcia-luna-aceves   
final report c plinta   sbr phase development and demonstration of an ocu-style message & hellip ;    
refinements of the ziegler-nichols tuning formula cc hang   kj astrom   wk ho  1992.0 
cooperation among technical specialists in a distributed computing environment k eschenfelder   s sawyer   r heckman   
co.   2000 d verwã ¶ hnungsfalle   a wunsch   kv gmbh   
the teaching of evaluation in schools of management r perloff   rf rich new directions for program evaluation   1986.0 
using views to answer queries with contraction and relaxation options   x qian submitted for  
fluoride gels for preventing dental caries in children and adolescents ( cochrane review ) vcc marinho   jpt higgins   s logan   a sheiham cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
sequence of proteins of immunological interest . us department of health and human services   nih   ea kabat   tt wu   hm perry   ks gottesman   c foeller md    
local checking of global integrity constraints a gupta   j widom proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
managing intervals efficiently inobject-relational databases hp kriegel   m pã ¶ tke   t seidl proc . 26thint . conf . on very large databases ( vldb )    
automated animal-tracking system : tracking elk with retransmitted loran-c : pp. 53â ?? 61 in ph dana   w fowler   d hindman international loran association   santa barbara   california    
the starburst long field manager tj lehman   bg lindsay vldb   1989.0 
preventing the misuse of evaluation . cj stevens   m dialâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation   1994.0 
the measurement and use of registered reflectance and range data in scene analysis d nitzan   ae brain   ro duda ieee   proceedings   1977.0 
an improved automatic lipreading system to enhance speech recognition ed petajan   b bischoff   d bodoff   nm brooke   
agent-based semantic interoperability in infosleuth sigmod record 28 : 1 j fowler   b perry   m nodine   b bargmeyer  1999.0 
bid . 1078   700   9 s shaik   
n : threshold circuits of bounded depth ah hmpst   w maass   p pudlak   m szegedy   g tur proc . 28th ieee focs    
cancer statistics review 1973â ?? 1988 . nih publication no. 91-2789   national cancer institute l ries   b hankey   b miller   a hartman   b edwards md    
differential analysis on complex manifolds ro wells  1991.0 
an architectural description of intelligent network features and their interactions kj turner computer networks   1998.0 
hm   da keim and h.-p . kriegel   â ?? a cost model for nearest neighbor search   â ?? s berchtold   c bo proc . 16th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . on principles of  
sequences of proteins of immunological interest . us department of health and human services ea kabat   tt wu   hm perry   ks gottesman   c foeller md    
query optimizationby predicatemove-around ay levy   is mumick   y sagiv proc . 20th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;    
self-employment for welfare recipients : implementation of the seid program gc doolittle   bl fink new york : manpower research demonstration corporation    
john hawkes : an interview jj enck   j hawkes wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
analysis of distributed db processing strategies r epstein   m stonebraker 6th vldb conf.   montreal   que   canada    
cache consfstency and concurrency control fn a client/server dbms archf fecture y wang   l rowe proc . acm-sigmod lntematlonaf conference on management of & hellip ;    
on vulnerability and protection of ad hoc on-demand distance vector protocol w wang   y lu   bk bhargava   
forced oscillations in a circuit with non-linear resistance b van der pol phil . mag    
p.   & zeidner   m. ( 2000 ) . ( eds . ) . handbook of self-regulation mp boekaerts san diego    
querying multidimensional databases . acms anthology   
pipelining in multi-query optimization nn dalvi   sk sanghai   p roy   s sudarshan   
an initial design report on the design of ariel e hanson sigmod record    
nonlinear blind source separation by self-organizing maps p pajunen   a hyvarinen   j karhunen proc . int . conf . on neural information  
wavelet synopses with error guarantees mn garofalakis   pb gibbons   
improved h-mode access with inboard gas puffing ar field   er arends   pg carolan   pj catto   nj   
checking computations in polylogarithmic time lb bfls   l fortnow   l levin   m szegedy proceedings of the 23rd annual acm symposium on the theory & hellip ;    
analysis of a family of exact inversion formulas for cone beam ct a katsevich   a zamyatin submitted for  
luca15   a putative tumour suppressor gene encoding an rna-binding nuclear protein   is down-regulated h edamatsu   y kaziro   h itoh genes to cells   2000.0 
system performance and benchmarking : learning table access cardinalities with leo v markl   g lohman proc . acm sigmod   june    
on the shoulders of giants : intertextuality and classical studies d fowler md    
instruction selection using binate covering for code size optimization s liao   s devadas   k keutzer   s tjiang proceedings of the 1995 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
risnes . extending loggingfordatabase snapshot refresh b kahlerando proceedings of the international conference on very large  
aquarius prolog p van roy ieee computer    
dynamic dependencies : a geographic investigation of local labor markets . s hanson   g pratt economic geography   1992.0 
the aurora experimental framework for the performance evaluation of speech recognition systems under d pearce   hg hirsch   
staples joins kiosk retailers l mearian   
specs : personal pervasive systems m lamming   d bohm   
an interview with vladimir nabokov a appel jr   v nabokov wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
catalytic enantioselective michael additions to unsaturated ester derivatives using chiral copper ( da evans   mc willis   jn johnston acc . chem . res   1999.0 
electronic textbook of electromagnetic waves z raida   
female mate preference enhances offspring growth and reproduction in a fish   poecilia reticulata jd reynolds   mr gross proceedings : biological sciences   1992.0 
implementation of the epsilon dataflow processor vg grafe   je hoch proceedings of the 23rd hawaii international conference on & hellip ;    
architecture of future data base systems la rowe   m stonebraker sigmod record   1981.0 
efficient checking sequences for testing finite state machines k inan   h ural information and software technology   1999.0 
managerial skill development ja waters the academy of management review   1980.0 
adaptive fuzzy median filter p yu   cs lee proc int symp artificial neural networks   1993.0 
antidepressants versus placebo for people with bulimia nervosa ( cochrane review ) j bacaltchuk   p hay cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
distributed system requirements modeling with message sequence charts : the case of the rmtp2 l helouet information and software technology   2003.0 
ftp : the family transition program : final report on florida 's initial time-limited welfare program d bloom  2000.0 
towards a wide spectrum language to support program specification and program development fl bauer   m broy   r gnatz   w hesse   b krieg - acm sigplan notices   1978.0 
james wu . a logic for object-oriented logic programming ( maierâ ?? s o-logic : revisited ) m kifer proc . of the acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ;    
dispersing is isnâ ?? t an answer nd meyer computerworld    
effects of threats to attitudinal freedom as a function of agreement with the communicator s worchel   jw brehm journal of personality and social psychology   1970.0 
separation and biostimulation of soybeans using high-intensity electric fields r morar   a iuga   l dascalescu   v neamtu   i proc . int . conf . modern  
self fibring in predicate logics dm gabbay   
continuous versus interrupted sutures for perineal repair c kettle   rb johanson cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
functional implementations of continuous modeled animation ( expanded version ) c elliott   
people and places in the laura ingalls wilder books p fritzer   v bristor social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
ethical issues in the use of control groups rf conner new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
a mm-cut placement algorithm for general cell asse : mblies based on a graph representation   16th acm u lauther san diego   ca    
sensory and perceptual development hl pick   ad pick see mussen    
stakeholders as deck chairs ca murray new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 
xml raises concerns as it gains prominence sj vaughan-nichols   
race   space   and place : the geography of economic development ag mcfarlane san diego law review   1999.0 
range queries in olap data cubes in : joan p   ed ct ho   r agrawal   r megiddo   r srikant proceedings of the international acm sigmod conference . acm & hellip ;    
autonomic arousal   interpersonal climate   and orality j masling   roâ ?? neill   es katkin journal of personality and social psychology   1982.0 
encyclopedia of physical science and technology rj tedeschi  1992.0 
based blind source separation december 2001 : ica2001 conference s rickard   r balan   jrrt time-frequency san diego    
a more complicated protocol for ... j smith proceedings of acm sigcomm    
social cognitive theory of organizational management r wood   a bandura the academy of management review   1989.0 
mass flow-control on hydraulically driven disc spreaders h hesse   g keuper proc . 29th annual symposium : actual tasks on agricultural & hellip ;    
database research at the ibm almaden research center lm haas   pg selinger sigmod record   1991.0 
low power error control for wireless links c fragouli   p lettieri   m srivastava proc . 3rd acm/ieee mobicom  
leo-db2 's learning optimizer m stillger   g lohman   v markl   m kandil vldb   2001.0 
adaptive method for range top-k queries in olap data cubes zx loh   tw ling   ch ang   sy lee   
ordering fullerene materials at nanometer dimensions . dm guldi   f zerbetto   v georgakilas   m prato acc chem res   2005.0 
deciding equality formulas by small domains instantiations a pnueli   y rodeh   o shtrichman   m siegel lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
from the past secretary treasurer jd joyce acm sigmod record   1977.0 
no pervasive computing without intelligent systems sg thompson   b azvine bt technology journal   2004.0 
the elastic range of friction js rankin phil . mag    
role theory   differential association   and compulsive crimes dr cressey see cavan    
three approaches to the study of psychotherapy : process   outcome and change . tm tomlinson  1963.0 
tcp nice : a mechanism for background transfers a venkataramani   r kokku   m dahlin acm sigops operating systems review   2002.0 
making database systems fast enough for cad applications d maier acm press frontier series   1989.0 
seer cancer statistics review 1973-1990   national cancer institute . bethesda ba miller   lag ries   bf hankey   cl kosary   a md    
social loafing : a meta-analytic review and theoretical integration sj karau   kd williams journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
saturation in electrical machines ' hcj jong & hellip ; conference en electrical machines   athens   greece   & hellip ;    
and d. shasha p. oâ ?? neil . the dangers of replication and a solution jn gray   p helland proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
a multiple criteria decision support system with considering userâ ?? s preference w liu   yz lu proceeding of 98 international conference on management & hellip ;    
unsteady squeeze film derivation for incompressible fluid ja carretero technical report   massachusetts institute of technology   2000 .  
in : fowler   am ( ed )   infrared astronomical instrumentation bm swinyard   mj burgdorf   pe clegg   gr davis   mj proc . spie    
a review of 300 attempted strangulation cases part i : criminal legal issues gb strack   ge mcclane   d hawley journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
auto-tuned spline synopses for database statistics management ac konig   g weikum   
deciding equivalences among aggregate queries w nutt   y sagiv   s shurin   
staying â ?? on messageâ ?? â ?? mapping from a to b z cui   jw shepherdson   y li bt technology journal   2003.0 
recent progress in understanding minimax search df beal proceedings of acm annual  
automating physical database design in a parallel database system j rao   c zhang   g lohman   n megiddo  2002.0 
the department chair 's balancing acts wh gmelch new directions for higher education   2004.0 
calcium supplementation on bone loss in postmenopausal women b shea   g wells   a cranney   n zytaruk   v robinson   cochrane database syst rev    
equestrian injuries : a five-year review gd hobbs   dm yealy   j rivas journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
a bounded retransmission protocol for large data packetsâ ?? a case study in computer checked jf groote   j van de pol procs . of the 5 thamast conference   munich    
the object filter and access control framework v hays   m loutrel   eb fernandez   
reconsidering the use of race as an explanatory variable in program evaluation je davis new directions for program evaluation   1992.0 
evaluation and social justice : issues in public education . ka sirotnikâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation   1990.0 
running microsoft office 2000 m halvorson   mj young  1999.0 
regional patch dynamics of a common weed species s eber   r brandl   
agent-based semantic interoperability in infosleuth m nodine   b perry   b bargmeyer sigmod record    
toward a universal psychological structure of human values sh schwartz   w bilsky journal of personality and social psychology    
in whom we trust : group membership as an affective context for trust development m williams academy of management review   2001.0 
practitioners ' views on the use of formal methods : an industrial survey by structured interview c snook   r harrison   
state concerns for learning : quality and state policy . j stevens   bd hamlett new directions for higher education   1983.0 
workplace privacy issues : avoiding liability   52 ali-aba 697   702 ( 1999 ) . summary judgment for the sfc morris jr   
z-lopeâ ¬ z   jf stoddart v balzani   m gome acc . chem . res    
circuit bases of strongly connected digraphs pm gleiss   j leydold   pf stadler   
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining j shafer   r agrawal   m mehta vldb   1996.0 
data quality review for med pol : nineteen years of progress ld mee   m horvat   jp villeneuve unep   athens ( greece ) . 1994.   1994.0 
an evolutionary approach to estimating software development projects js aguilar-ruiz   i ramos   m toro information & software technology   2001.0 
metamathematics of first-order arithmetic p hã ¡ jek   p pudlã ¡ k  1993.0 
race   education   and the construction of a disabled class t glennon wisconsin law review   1995.0 
the zucker-fatty rat : a review ga bray fed proc   1977.0 
separation and information hiding portal.acm.org   
performance measurements of compressed bitmap indices t johnson proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;   1999.0 
s and walker dg 1965 b hickman phil . mag    
a formal foundation for distributed workflow execution based on state charts d wodtke   g weikum lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
the young women 's leadership school : single-sex public education after vm i ab bellman wisconsin law review   1997.0 
a polygen model for heterogeneous database systems : the source tagging perspective yr wang   se madnick vldb   1990.0 
on the effectiveness of gc in java r shaham   ek kolodner   m sagiv   
the them ' y of relatzonal databases computer science press   rockville d maier md    
multi-table joins through bitmapped join indices g graefe   poâ ?? neil acm sigmod record    
a combined framework for grouping and order optimization g moerkotte   t neumann proc . vldb  
fragment excision versus conventional disc removal in the microsurgical treatment of herniated k faulhauer   c manicke acta neurochirurgica   1995.0 
testing the diversity of multi version software using fault injection l chen   j napier   j may   g hughes procs of advances in safety and reliability   sarss  
the design of postgres   procs m stonebraker   l rowe acm sigmod ( washington   dc   may  
y in practical programs b mcadam unpublished  
a splitter filter for use with vdsl at the cabinet jw cook bt technology journal   2001.0 
chamberlin   d d.   lorie   ra   and price   tg 1979 . access path selection in a relational database pg selinger   mm astrahan proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
robust nonlinear parameter estimation in the bounded noise case e walter   h piet-lahanier proc . 25th conf . decision contr.   athens   greece    
dos-resistant authentication with client puzzles t aura   p nikander   j leiwo lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
automating information engineering . ig macdonald information and software technology   1988.0 
the impact of human resource management on organizational performance : progress and prospects b becker   b gerhart the academy of management journal   1996.0 
emerging issues in the discussion of active learning te sutherland new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
an empirical study of on-chip parallelism l snyder   
optimized query execution in large search engines with global page ordering x long   t suel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
the y programming language dr hanson acm sigplan notices   1981.0 
low molecular weight heparins versus unfractionated heparin for acute coronary syndromes kd magee   w sevcik   d moher   bh rowe cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
no more middlemen . t hoffman computerworld    
identification of linear time-invariant systems from frequency-response data corrupted by bounded g gu   p misra   
m. interval hierarchies and their applicauon to predicate files kc wong   ad edelaerg acm trans database syst    
things i have seen and heard : an interview for young children about exposure to violence je richters   p martinez unpublished manuscript    
practical application of mun analysis aj nelson proc . 29th annu . conv . am . assoc. bovine pract.   am . assoc. & hellip ;    
visual panel : virtual mouse   keyboard and 3d controller with an ordinary piece of paper z zhang   y wu   y shan   s shafer proceedings of acm workshop on perceptive user interfaces ( & hellip ;   2001.0 
an overview of evolutionary algorithms : practical issues and common pitfalls ld whitley   
improved query performance with variant indexes [ a ] . acm po ` neil   d quass proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
ocular injuries in battered women . s beck   s feitag   n singer journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
international and domestic evaluation : comparisons and insights rf conner new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
a review and empirical evaluation of feature weighting methods for a class of lazy learning d wettschereck   dw aha   t mohri artificial intelligence review   1997.0 
separation power of a gas centrifuge and some errors in optimizing it oe aleksandrov at .  
i   mumick   and v. subra . hmanian . maintaining views incrementally a gupta proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
creating practical knowledge a quigley   g kuhne new directions for adult and continuing education    
db2 common server : technology   progress   & directions b lindsay proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
jun gu . a structured approach for vlsi circuit design kf smith ieee computer    
concurrency control in database structures with relaxed balance o nurmi   e soisalon-soininen   d wood proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1987.0 
more programming pearls : confessions of a coder j bentley  1988.0 
naturalistic evaluation eg guba new directions for program evaluation   1987.0 
spatial and directional filter characteristics of single units in the optic nerve of the california me mccourt  1982.0 
reconsidering the diagnosis and treatment of very young children with autistic spectrum or pervasive si greenspan zero to three    
electrical stimulation of the ventral sacral nerve roots : selective activtion in patients njm rijkhoff   l hendrikx   fmj debrunye   h wijkstra proceedings of the international continence society   25 & hellip ;    
program ( sped ) . 1996 m lloyd   usped kearns & hellip ; single parent employment demonstration program : kearns    
running microsoft frontpage 2000 j buyens  1999.0 
the nucleus : panel discussion b donn study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 
bad for business p gillin   
distinguished database profiles : interview with jim gray m winslett sigmod record    
neometric forcing s fajardo   hj keisler   
weighted proportionally fair differentiated service tcp p oechslin   j crowcroft proc . of acm computer communications review    
higher education and the path to progress . rh atwell new directions for higher education   1994.0 
control of nonlinear systems and differential inclusions h frankowska to  
structural clinical interview for dsm-iiir new york psychiatric institute r spitzer   jb williams   m gibbon new york    
a review of theories & research on group development ap beck unpublished  
approaching the ml performance with iterative decoding e papagiannis   ma ambroze   m tomlinson   
outcome measurement : showing results in the nonprofit sector mc plantz   mt greenway   m hendricks new directions for program evaluation    
method for optimal actuator and sensor placement for lar ge flexible space structures [ z ] kb lim proceedings of the aiaa guidance   navigation an d control & hellip ;    
an assessment of fire   climate   and apache history in the sacramento mountains   new mexico mw kaye   tw swetnam physical geography   1999.0 
synchronization   coherence   and event ordering in multiprocessors m dubios   c scheurich   f briggs ieee computer    
smoothing the wavelet periodogram using the haar-fisz transform p fryzlewicz   gp nason submitted for publication    
a practical aid for experimenters s bisgaard  1988.0 
mills . the fuzzball l david proc . acm sigcomm conference ( sigcommâ ?? 88 )    
a new gravity anomaly separation approach : differential markov random field ( dmrf ) on ucan   b sen   am albora   a ã?zmen electronic geosciences    
pleasure : a program for simple and multiple folding of plas g de micheli   a sangiovanni-vincentelli submitted for  
what is ada rf brender ieee computer    
vera   a rule-based verification assistant for vlsi circuit design ap kostelijk proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
pfeiffer   s.   eâ ? elsberg   w. 1996 . automatic audio content analysis s fischer proc . acm multimedia    
a performance evaluation of four parallel join algorithms in a shared-nothing multiprocessor da schneider   dj dewitt proc . of acm-sigmod intl. conf . on mgmt . of data   june    
a retrospective review of the relationship between facial fractures   head injuries   and cervical d sinclair   m schwartz   j gruss   b mclellan journal of emergency medicine   1988.0 
the 1975 australian family law act : a model for assessing legal impacts r mccleary   je riggs new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 
dynamic end-to-end guarantees in the spring environment   '' m dinatale   ja stankovic technical report   94   university of massachusetts at amherst    
scripts in organizational behavior da gioia   pp poole the academy of management review   1984.0 
the changes of 27-day variation in cosmic rays and geomagnetic activity a michaelâ ? ¦ proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf salt lake city    
multiprocessor implementations of message passing systems rh halstead cambridge laboratory for computer science at mit    
main-memory index structures with fixed-size partial keys p bohannon   r rastogi sigmod record   2001.0 
common features of simulation based scheduling fp wyman   
a. 0 . mendelson & y. sagiv   testing implications of data dependencies dm mms acm transactions on database systems    
â ? ³ a predicate matching algorithm for database rule systems.â ? ³ acm sigmod international conference e hansonâ ? ¦ sigmod record    
total variance : a progress report on a new frequency stability characterization da howe   ca greenhall   
on ensuring three-layer wirability by stretching planar layout t gonzalez   sq zheng  1989.0 
molarchâ ? ã?molecular architecture modeling program s immel technical university of darmstadt    
experimental mathematics : an application to retarded differential equations with infinite lag a feldstein   ck grafton proc . 1968 acm national  
formulas containing hydrolysed protein for prevention of allergy and food intolerance in infants da osborn   j sinn cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
window on the world d maier proc . acm sigmod    
a review and reconceptualization of organizational commitment ae reichers the academy of management review   1985.0 
db2/xml : designing for evolution k beyer   f ã?zcan   s saiprasad   b van der linden proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
how superissuperoxide dt sawyer   js valentine acc . chem . res    
cross-cultural training effectiveness : a review and a theoretical framework for future research js black   m mendenhall the academy of management review   1990.0 
supporting consistent updates in replicated multidatabase systems . int w du   a elmagarmid   w kim   o bukhres journal on vldb    
using program theory to describe and measure program quality l bickman   ka peterson new directions for program evaluation    
statement on non-heart-beating donor programs g kootstra transplantation proceedings   1995.0 
theperformanceadvantages of integrating message passing in cache-coherent multiprocessors sc woo   j singh   j hennessy technical report csl-tr-93-593   stanford university    
primary inclusion of culturally diverse minority program participants in the evaluation process am madison new directions for program evaluation   1992.0 
an efficient implementation of boolean functions and finite state machines as self-timed circuits i david   r ginosar   
oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil pe   shasha d. the dangers of replication and a solution j gray   p helland proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
fire your broker l david pc magazine   new york    
improving accuracy in end-to-end packet loss measurement j sommers   p barford   n duffield   a ron proceedings acm sigcomm   2005.0 
michael j. miller and bill gates : uncut mj miller pc magazine    
the nucleus : panel discussion cr o'dell study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 
program micro - and macrotheories : a guide for social change wr shadish jr new directions for program evaluation   1987.0 
drug disc . today 1996   1 ( 6 )   248 ; ellman   ja r storer acc . chem . res    
echinacea for preventing and treating the common cold d melchart   k linde   p fischer   j kaesmayr cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
empowerment for children . curriculum concerns . jc mcdermott social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
a rule-based object/task modelling approach q chen proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1986.0 
updates for structure indexes r kaushik   p bohannon   jf naughton   p shenoy vldb   2002.0 
fuzzy neural network aided adaptive extended kalman filtering for gps navigation dj jwo   hc huang submitted for  
a theory of quality management underlying the deming management method jc anderson   m rungtusanatham   rg schroeder the academy of management review   1994.0 
joins : evaluation and reduction to sql mo akinde   mh bã ¶ hlen   md generalized proceedings of the vldb 2001 international workshop on  
technology trends for the bell system network : interview with john s. mayo jh ten eyck computerworld   1981.0 
c4 . 5 : using error estimation for automatic parameter selection ghj cross-validated technical report   computer science department   stanford  
relational specifications of infinite query answers j chomicki   
range top/bottom k queries in olap sparse data cubes zw luo   tw ling   ch ang   sy lee   b cui proceedings of the 12th international conference on database & hellip ;   2001.0 
estimating compilation time of a query optimizer if ilyas   j rao   gm lohman   d gao   e lin   
communication modality as a determinant of message persuasiveness and message comprehensibility s chaiken   ah eagly journal of personality and social psychology    
supplemental instruction : from small beginnings to a national program ge widmar new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
behavior of webs under concentrated loads acting between vertical stiffeners   commission 8.3   eur p dubas   e gheri convention for constructional steelwork   zurich   switzerland    
ruoslahti   e. & pierschbacher s dedhar md    
placement of standard cells using simulated annealing on the connection machine a casotto   a sangiovanni-vincentelli proc . int . conf . computer-aided design    
seer cancer statistics review   1975-2000 . national cancer institute . bethesda lag ries   mp eisner   cl kosary   bf hankey   ba   
supporting display generation for complex database objects bb flynn   d maier sigmod record   1992.0 
injectable gold for rheumatoid arthritis p clark   p tugwell   k bennet   c bombardier   b shea cochrane database syst . rev   2000.0 
fault detection in rule-based software systems d wang   r hao   d lee information and software technology   2003.0 
implementation of data abstraction in the relational system   ingres j ongâ ? ¦ acm sigmod record   march    
common directions toward improvement . ec galambos new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
dynamic nature and function of epidermal langerhans cellsin vivo andin vitro : a review   with mbm teunissen the histochemical journal   1992.0 
bg lindsay on maintainingpriorities in a production rule system r agrawal   rj cochrane proc . of 17th vldb   barcelona    
traffimaticsâ ?? a pervasive view of co-operative vehicle highway systems g bilchev bt technology  
rational homotopy of leibniz algebras m livernet manuscripta mathematica   1998.0 
range queries in data cubes ct ho   r agrawal   r srihant proc . intâ ?? l conf . management of data ( sigmod )    
l.   and stonebraker   m.   â ?? the postgres data model   â ?? r rowe proc 1987 vldb conference   bnghton   england   sept    
why do bad moods increase self-defeating behavior ? emotion   risk taking   and self-regulation kp leith   rf baumeister journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
home-grown progress : the evolution of innovative school-to-work programs ra pedraza   e pauly   h kopp  1997.0 
the design of templates as tools for formative evaluation s loucks-horsley new directions for program evaluation   1996.0 
the-kdb tree : a fast index structure for high-dimensional similarity joins k shim   r srikant   r agrawal research report   ibm almaden research center   san jose   & hellip ;    
hopf algebras me sweedler  1969.0 
a unified loss function in bayesian framework for support vector regression w chu   ss keerthi   cj ong   
rule-based approach to computerized map reading ai abdelmoty   mh williams   jmp quinn information and software technology   1993.0 
what constitutes misuse ? cj stevens   m dial new directions for program evaluation   1994.0 
quasi-experimental analysis : a mixture of methods and judgment ds cordray new directions for program evaluation   1986.0 
electrocardiographic manifestations : benign early repolarization1 wj brady   tc chan journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
implementation of a keyhole svd encoding technique for dynamic imaging magn reson med 1995 lp panych   c oesterle   gp zientara   j hennig submitted for  
substantive due process and parental corporal punishment : democracy and the excluded child mk kearney san diego law review   1995.0 
classification of recursive formulas in deductive databases c youn   lj henschen   j han   
wind energy handbook b tony   s david   j nick   b ervin   
parent practices interview c webster-stratton  1995.0 
global and local indices of cosmic ray activity av belov   ea eroshenko   vg yanke   vi antonova   on proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf.   salt lake city   1999.0 
steady-state analysis of nonlinear circuits with periodic inputs ( computer aided steady state tj aprille ieee   proceedings   1972.0 
an optimized synthesis of dimethyl 2   2 ' - dihydroxy-1   1 ' - binaphthalene-3   3 ' - dicarboxylate and of m hovorka   j zaã?vada org . prep . proc . int    
vietnam country/review paper   for the workshop on community-based rehabilitation ( cbr ) and poverty xtue nghiem  2005.0 
a review of the current information on the bay scallop ( argopecten irradians ) with emphasis on sl macfarlane  1999.0 
a practical type system and language for reference immutability a birka   md ernst   
risedronate for the prevention and treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis a cranney   l waldegger   n zytaruk   b shea   b cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
amdahl unleashes ibm 3725 rival . j beeler computerworld.   1983.0 
estimating the impact of heap liveness information on space consumption in java r shaham   ek kolodner   m sagiv   
choosing the pick of the litter s van arsdale   j sisk pc magazine    
wavelet synopses with error guarantees g minos   bg phillip proceedings of acm sigmodâ ?? 2002    
nicotine replacement therapy for smoking cessation c silagy   t lancaster   l stead   d mant   g fowler cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
credible compilation . masterã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents s thesis d marinov  2000.0 
kruglinski scot wingo george shepherd . programming microsoft visual c++ fifth edition j david  1998.0 
a scanning fabry-perot interferometer for the 50-1000 micron range jc lecullier   g chanin & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
selective memoization ua acar   ge blelloch   r harper   
suncode : a program user 's manual m delahunt ecotope inc.   seattle washington    
no-difference research wh yeaton   l sechrest new directions for program evaluation   1987.0 
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining r agrawal   m mehta   jc shafer proc .  
appointment of strategic mentor consultantâ ?? icvt update   
adapting the internet as distribution channel for stationary retailers : the austrian case m madlberger electronic markets   2001.0 
throughfall and aquatic biogeochemistry in the anavilhanas archipelago   negro river   brazil s filoso  1996.0 
a reliable dissemination protocol for interactive collaborative applications ( tmtp ) r yavatkar   j griffioen   m sudan proceedings of acm multi-media    
neural-network nonlinear adaptive filtering using the extended kalman filter algorithm mb matthews   gs moschytz proc . int . conf . neural  
learning to summarise xml documents using content and structure mr amini   a tombros   n usunier   m lalmas   p proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
towards a common api for structured peer-to-peer overlays f dabek   b zhao   p druschel   j kubiatowicz   i lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
potential and local efficiency of centrifuge separation of a nonisotopic binary mixture of gases vi tokmantsev at .  
infosleuth ( 1997 ) agent-based semantic integration of information in open and dynamic environments r bayardoâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of  
national institutes of health state-of-the-science conference statement : ercp for diagnosis and s cohen   br bacon   ja berlin   d fleischer   ga   
a performance evaluation of four join algorithms in a shared-nothing multiprocessor environment da schneider   dj dewitt proceedings of the acm sigmod conference   portland   or   june    
a model and toolset for the uniform tagging of encoded documents ja barnes   sa mamrak   
the influence of the complex electric permittivity and grain size on microwave drying of the grained i florek   m lovas fizykochemiczne problemy mineralurgii   1995.0 
dialogue and collaboration as keys to building innovative educational initiatives in a knowledge - ml walshok new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0 
the design and simulation of a multi-computer network message processor b unger   ds bidulock computer networks   1982.0 
self-efficacy : implications for organizational behavior and human resource management me gist the academy of management review   1987.0 
approaches to program eh kaplan new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
a bist scheme using microprogram rom for large capacity memories h koike   t takeshima   m takada proc . int . test conf   1990.0 
sessionless test scheme : power-constrained test scheduling for system-on-a-chip ml flottes   j pouget   b rouzeyre proceedings ifip international conference on very large  
female delinquents : defining their place in the justice system ab poulin wisconsin law review   1996.0 
for the macro collaboration d michael proc . 29th int . conf . high energy  
theamericanjeremiad s bercovitch  1978.0 
a laboratory for the study of automating programming te cheatham jr   b wegbreit acm sigsam bulletin   1972.0 
cmoraga   â ?? design of multivalued circuit using genetic algorithmsâ ?? w wenjun ieee proc . 26th-int . symp . on multiple-valued logic    
pseudohyphal development of saccharomyces cerevisiae contributions to microbiology   2000  2000.0 
the ibm icecube/lars project c fleiner   dr kenchammana-hosekote   oa zaki   r tech . report rj 10292   ibm almaden research center and ibm  
toward autonomic computing with db2 universal database s lightstone   g lohman   d zilio sigmod record   2002.0 
infosleuth : semantic integration of information in open and dynamic environments b bohrerâ ? ¦ & hellip ; of the acm international conference on management of data ( & hellip ;    
on the equivalence of the set covering and process network synthesis problems b imreh   j fulop   f friedler submitted for  
lens-fed multiple beam arrays d archer electronic progress   1974.0 
banuozden   and avi silberschatz.â ?? resourceschedulingin enhancedpay-per-view continuousmedia mn garofalakis proceedings of the 23rd international conferenceon very  
query optimization by predicate move-around ay levy   is mumick   y sagiv proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;   1994.0 
feedback queues with preemption-distance priorities m paterok   o fischer   l opta proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;   1989.0 
multicast using ad hoc on-demand distance vector routing em royer   c perkins proc . of acm mobicom    
technical overview of the common language runtime ( or why the jvm is not my favorite execution e meijer   j miller   
temporal support in database management systems g introduction   p statement   
intersection syndrome : a case report and review of the literature-diagnosis and operative treatment dp hanlon   jr luellen journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
theoretical and empirical results in program testing t budd   r demillo   r lipton   f sayward proc . 9th acm popl   january    
seiq : a fast and scalable classifier for data mining [ r ] m mehta   r agrawal   j rissanen ibm almaden research center    
ocular pharmacokinetics dm maurice   s mishima pharmacology of the eye   1984.0 
the effects of cognitive incongruity upon encoding behavior lc barrow  1960.0 
performance analysis of a forwarding scheme for handoff in hawaii c blondia   o casals   l cerda   g willems lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
relaxed balancing made simple t ottmann   e soisalon-soininen unpublished manuscript   1996.0 
preliminary design review : pca integrated radar-tracker application jm lebak & hellip ; of technology lincoln laboratory technical report pca-irt-1    
snapshot of e-commerce 's opportunities and threats yvoa saanen electronic markets   1999.0 
methotrexate for rheumatoid arthritis me suarez-almazor   e belseck   b shea   g wells   p cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
gastric volvulus : two cases and a review of the literature lw milne   jj hunter   js anshus   p rosen journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
use of chemicals to protect trees from mountain pine beetle attack pj shea amman   gene d. camp . proceedings-symposium on the management & hellip ;    
bear management and sheep husbandry in norway with a discussion of predatory behavior significant i mysterud international conference on bear research and management    
a multidimensional digital hashing scheme for files with composite keys ej otoo   
griffiths selinger   mm astrahan   dd chamberlin   ra lorie   tg price   access path selection in a p sac proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
feline : fast elliptical lines for anisotropic texture mapping j mccormack   r perry   ki farkas   np jouppi   
analysis of factors affecting component placement accuracy in smt electronics assembly e kamen   a goldstein   d creveling   e sahinci   z   
tetrahedron asymmetry xs li   g chan   zy zhou   asc chan  2003.0 
working and earning : the impact of parents ' fair share on low-income fathers ' employment . jm martinez   c miller  2000.0 
ra lorie   and tg price   â ?? access path selection in a relational database management $ . $ nâ ?? pg selinger   mm astrahan   dd chamhcrlin proc . of acm sigmod    
j. and grupen   ra ( 2000 ) . distiinctive features should be learned h piater technical report 2000-08   university of  
estimating the recall performance of web search engines sj clarke   p willett aslib proceedings   1997.0 
consistency guarantees : exploiting application semantics in a collaborative toolkit p dourish proceedings of acm cscw    
using technology to enhance students ' skills a deden   vk carter new directions for higher education   1996.0 
models of organization and total quality management : a comparison and critical evaluation ba spencer the academy of management review   1994.0 
the danger of replication and a solution j gary   p helland   po ` neil   d shasha procs . of acm sigmod international conf . on management of & hellip ;    
blood transfusion for treating malarial anaemia ( cochrane review ) m meremikwu   hj smith cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
citrus leaf spot   a new mexican lime disease : a review s becerra   vm medina   jg garza   m orozco proc . int . soc . citriculture    
the 5 minute rule for trading memory for disc accesses and the 10 byte rule for trading memory for j gray   f putzolu proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1987.0 
lie groups   lie algebras   and their representations vs varadarajan  1988.0 
a joint source-channel coding scheme for image-in-image data hiding k solanki   o dabeer   bs manjunath   u madhow   s   
the revenge of the jd d maier   jd ullman   my vardi proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1983.0 
expert aided sequential design of multivariable systems jm boyle   
a 1986 . the design of postgres m stonebraker   l rowe sigmod rec    
non-congestion packet loss detection for tcp error recovery using wireless links nkg samaraweera iee proceedings communications   1999.0 
a goal-driven auto-configuration tool for the distributed workflow management system mentor-lite ( m gillmann   j weissenfels   g shegalov   w wonner   g acm sigmod conf . on modeling of data ( sigmod )   dallas   texas    
an analysis of oregon state university 's total quality management pilot program . le coate new directions for higher education   1993.0 
a critique of ansi sql isolation levels j gray   uc berkeley   
adaptive equalization techniques for indoor dynamic wireless communication channels l he   m amin   c reed & hellip ;   soheil a. dianat   michael d. zoltowski   digital wireless & hellip ;   2001.0 
reactor simulator program for simulating vvã?r -1000 operation pe filimonov   vv mamichev   sp averâ ?? yanova at .  
forecasting pacific herring ( clupea harengus pallasi ) recruitment from spawner abundance and jf schweigert   dj noakes proc . int . herring symposium   oct    
the plasma dispersion function bd fried   sd conte   
the rice parallel processing testbed rc covington   s madala   v mehta   jr jump   jb proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmetrics conference on & hellip ;   1988.0 
a strategist 's cognitive map of the steel industry : a case study of mr. david roderick ( chairman us c stubbart   a ramaprasad technical report   university of massachusetts   department of  
caching and database scaling in distributed shared-nothing information retrieval systems a tomasic   h garcia-molina   
medical outcome of cocaine bodystuffers r june   se aks   n keys   m wahl journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
three-dimensional registration using range and intensity information g godin   m rioux   r baribeau proc . spie   1994.0 
program evaluation : a pluralistic enterprise wr shadish new directions for program evaluation    
data base system performance prediction using an analytical model k sevcik   
the misuse of evaluation in educational programs m dial new directions for program evaluation   1994.0 
word level confidence annotation using combinations of features r zhang   a rudnicky   
is it a tree   a dag   or a cyclic graph r ghiya   l hendren   
diesel injection system modelling . methodology and application for a first-generation common rail r payri   h climent   fj salvador   ag favennec proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2004.0 
efficient optimization of a class of relational expressions av aho   y sagiv   jd ullman acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1979.0 
combustion behaviour of low volatile australian coals . commonwealth of australia national energy iw smith development and demonstration program    
integrating logic retiming and register placement tc tien   hp su   yw tsay   yc chou   yl lin proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0 
new spaces of law enforcement : closed circuit television   public behaviour and the policing of m goodwin   c johnstone   k williams association of american geographers annual conference   & hellip ;    
construction and selection of smoothing formulas . rep. no. 863   ballistic res . lab.   aberdeen ls dederick md    
a review and evaluation of software science a fitzsimmons   t love acm computing surveys ( csur )   1978.0 
improved query performance with variant indexes dq poâ ?? neil proceedings of sigmod    
progress in colloid and polymer sci . 1997   103   170 ; c ) jf rusling jf rusling acc . chem . res    
stakeholder influence strategies j frooman the academy of management review   1999.0 
what are formal methods ? . pf gibbins information and software technology   1988.0 
sultan mahmud bhuiyan   mohammed shamsul alam and mohammed shahedur rashid p geographer   t geography geography   2005.0 
an interview with the old man of floating-point . feb. 1998 c severance unpublished manuscript available at http://http . cs .  
expert opinion in program evaluation d nevo new directions for program evaluation    
fast joins using join indices z li   ka ross the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 
assessing innovative methods nl smith new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 
mutations in the dhcr24 gene encoding 3î ² - hydroxysteroid 24-reductase cause autosomal recessive hr waterham   j koster   gj romeijn   p vreken   rc  2001.0 
a literature review of the treatment and education for autistic and related communication td peerenboom  2003.0 
part of speech tagging and lemmatisation for the spoken dutch corpus fv eynde   j zavrel   w daelemans proceedings of lrec-2000â ??   athens   greece    
an environment for management of end-to-end qos over ip-based heterogeneous networks jpr costa   ab de lima   cr barra   jra amazonas   
genie : a generalized array optimizer for vlsi synthesis s devadas   ar newton proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
varieties of investigative evaluation . nl smithâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation   1992.0 
checking the congruence between a program and its organizational environment c roberts-gray   ma scheirer new directions for program evaluation    
this work was partially sponsored by the european communities   as an esprit project ( p-530 epsilon ) bonp evaluation sigmod record   1990.0 
ibm soa â ?? on the edgeâ ?? gj cuomo proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
a syntax-directed approach to inverse compilation cr hollander proc .  
unipotent hecke algebras : the structure   representation theory   and combinatorics fne thiem  2004.0 
the escalation of commitment to a course of action bm staw the academy of management review   1981.0 
computer im deutschunterricht   fernstudieneinheit 14   langenscheidt   mã 1/4 nchen   2000 m grã?ner   t hassert   
agent-based semantic interoperability in infosleuth t austin   b bargmeyer   ep agency sigmod record   1999.0 
review of research on ta training . rd abbott new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
an extended owner-coupled set data model and predicate calculus for database management j bradley acm transactions on database systems   1978.0 
advances in program theory nl smith   l bickman new directions for program evaluation  
programming visual c++ jk davidâ ? ¦  1998.0 
a simple model and its empirical validation p jitendra   f victor   t don   k jim   mtcp proceedings of acm sigcomm    
value grouping for binary decision trees historical.ncstrl.org   
the nucleus : panel discussion fl whipple study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 
a predicate matching algorithm for database rule systems en hanson   m chaabouni   c kim   y wang proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   1990.0 
stability analyses of step changed loads on a multi-machine power system l wangâ ? ¦   
market efficiency and the returns to technical analysis h bessembinder   k chan   
loved or hated : ibm 8100 's stormy romance with users . t henkel computerworld.   1981.0 
d. fogg   and m. stonebraker   â ?? implementatin of data abstraction in the relational database system j ong acm sigmod  
evaluation concerns and the presentation of data m deveaux new directions for program evaluation    
quadrature formulas on spheres using scattered data hn mhaskar   fj narcowich   jd ward math . comp.   to  
differential geometry : manifolds   curves   and surfaces m berger   b gostiaux  1987.0 
four-phase logic is practical sp asija electronic design    
parallel algorithms for relational database operations dj dewitt   d bitton   h boral   wk wilkinson acm trans . on database systems    
algorithm t gao   pm vaidya   cl liu   apdmc placement proc . 29th dac    
common and uncommon models for evaluating teaching . l baird new directions for higher education   1973.0 
impact of a sexual responsibility program on young males e gottsegen   ww philliber adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 
formulas and theorems for the special functions of mathematical physics w magnus   f oberhettinger   
conductor routing and via elimination in the sprint system kr stevens stanford university   digital systems laboratory   technical  
web application transformations based on rewrite rules f ricca   p tonella information & software technology   2002.0 
efficient compilation of lazy evaluation t johnsson   
a combined filter for gps-based attitude and baseline estimation l ward   p axelrad proceedings of ion gps   1996.0 
hydrofluoric acid : a review of toxicity . jc bertolini journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 
the real stroustrup interview s hamilton ieee computer    
seer summary staging manual-2000 : codes and coding instructions   national cancer institute   nih pub . jl young jr   sd roffers   lag ries   ag fritz   aa md    
a model ofauthorization fornext-generationdatabase systems f rabitti   e bertino   w kim   d woelk acm transactions on database systems    
complete and compatible sets of update operations kc sevcik   al furtado int . conf . on management of data ( icmod )   ( milan   italy   june & hellip ;    
numerische methoden spektrum akademischer verlag 2000 j faires   rl burden   
s and mundy jn 1961 js dugdale phil . mag    
common and avoidable causes of eis failure hj watson   h glover computerworld    
the design and implementation of the ariel active database rule system en hanson   
improved query performance with variant indexes eon patrick   d quass sigmod conference    
adult and pediatric pharyngitis : a review . rb vukmir journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 
absorptive capacity : a review   reconceptualization   and extension sa zahra   g george academy of management review   2002.0 
interacting effects of information and coping style in adapting to gynecologic stress : should the sm miller   ce mangan journal of personality and social psychology   1983.0 
building program optimizers with rewriting strategies e visser   a tolmach proceedings of the third acm sigplan international & hellip ;   1999.0 
practical predicate dispatch t millstein   
ohlen . temporal database system implementations b mh acm sigmod record    
mainframers win ticket to ride client/server bus j king computerworld    
study of effective non-symmetrical multicomponent isotope separation cascades na kolokolâ ?? tsov   ga sulaberidze at . energy    
one small candle : the true story of alina and leo bacall l murphy unpublished  
tutoring answer explanation fosters learning with understanding v aleven   kr koedinger   k cross   
separation of aqueous organic solvents through crosslinked poly ( acrylate-co-acrylic acid ) membranes m hoshi   t saito   a higuchi   t nakagawa sen-i gakkaishi    
production of pure hydrogen by the fluidized bed membrane reactor process j grace   am adris   j lim & hellip ; world hydrogen energy conference   montreal   canada   june    
giving users the keys to their web content t ouellette computerworld    
netcard-a practical electronic-cash system r anderson   c manifavas   c sutherland lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
semantic checking of questions expressed in predicate calculus language r demolombe vldb   1979.0 
scheduling algorithms for avoiding inconsistency in large databases g gardarin   p lebeux vldb    
pragmatic questions about parental liability statutes nr cahn wisconsin law review   1996.0 
the housing indicators program : a model for evaluation research and policy analysis ? sk mayo new directions for program evaluation    
automatically inferring patterns of resource consumption in network traffic c estan   s savage   g varghese   
viscwind   viscous effects on wind turbine blades ' jn sã ¸ rensen technical university of denmark    
wavelet synopses for general error metrics m garofalakis   a kumar   
the design of postgres m stonebraker   la rowe sigmod conference   1986.0 
the conlan project : concepts   implementations   and applica . tions r piloty   d borrione ieee computer    
neil   and d. shasha . the dangers of replication and a solution j gray   p helland   p oã cents proceedings of the acm sigmod  
millau : an encoding format for efficient representation and exchange of xml over the web m girardot   n sundaresan www9 / computer networks   2000.0 
capital costs in economic program evaluation : the case of mental health services nl cannon   t mcguire   b dickey new directions for program evaluation    
analyzing factors that influence end-to-end web performance b krishnamurthy   ce wills www9 / computer networks   2000.0 
wiley-vch   weinheim   2000 ; m ) ae kaifer m switches acc . chem . res    
lilsys : inferring unavailability using sensors j begole   n matsakis   j tang proc . acm cscw  
circuit layout j soukup ieee   proceedings   1981.0 
modeling for all scales academic press 2000 ht odum   ec odum   
mining generalized association rules s ramakrishnan   a rakesh proceedings of 21 stvldb conference   zurich   switzerland    
general optical implementations of fractional fourier transforms s liu   j xu   y zhang   l chen   c li   
the ethereal hand : organizational economics and management theory l donaldson the academy of management review   1990.0 
learning algorithm for nonparametric filtering sy efroimovich   ms pinsker automat . i telemeh    
smoothed bootstrap and statistical data cloning for classifier evaluation g shakhnarovich   r el-yaniv   y baram   
verifying safety properties using separation and heterogeneous abstractions e yahav   g ramalingam   
leo å ? db2â ?? s learning optimizer m stillger   gm lohman   v markl   m kandil the vldb journal    
automated statistics collection in action p haas   m kandil   a lerner   v markl   i popivanov   proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
activation of reticular neurons of the medulla by visceral afferents nn preobrazhenskii   yp limanskii neirofiziologiya   i    
vpr : a new packing   placement and routing tool for fpga research v betz   j rose lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
on the size of convex hulls of small sets s mendelson journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
guided tissue regeneration for periodontal infra-bony defects ( cochrane review ) ig needleman   e giedrys-leeper   rj tucker   hv cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
arvind . id : a language with implicit parallelism . csg memo 305   computation structures group rs nikhil  1990.0 
process engineering for the alliance partners c paton   a goodier   r mistry   d williams bt technology journal   2000.0 
1 . mumick   and y. sagiv . query optimization by predicate move-around a levy proc . of the int . conf . on very large data bases    
fine structure of the 2 p state in helium-like sulfur and chlorine ae livingston   ej galvez   as zacarias   fg serpa aip conference proceedings   1993.0 
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization ps seshadri   s sudarshan   s bhobe proc . sigmod   dallas   usa    
a. silberschatz s. sudarshan . dali : a high performance main memory storage manager hvjdlr rastogi proceedings of the vldb conference    
toomey & unknown ; syringe aspiration may be inaccurate in detecting esophageal intubation after gs chew   gm vilke   dp davis   tc chan journal of emergency medicine   2002.0 
  nesime tatbul   and stan zdonik . aurora : a new model and architecture for data stream management dj abadi   d carney the vldb journal    
the kalman filter : an introduction to concepts p maybeck springer-verlag   1990.0 
sp and beal ar 1980 s parkin phil .  
recurrent neural networks for blind separation of sources s amari   a cichocki   hh yang proc . int . symp . nolta   1995.0 
running an effective help desk : planning   implementing   marketing   automating   improving   c barbara  1994.0 
growth and enhancement of the agarophyte gracilaria ( florideophyceae ) rg saunders   jg lindsay proc . int . seaweed . symp    
improved algorithm for the deinterleaving of radar pulses dj milojevic   bm popovic iee proceedings   1992.0 
autonomic computing for pervasive ictâ ?? a whole-system perspective m shackleton   f saffre   r tateson   e bonsma   c bt technology journal   2004.0 
what is a database jk lyon acm sigmod record   1973.0 
on finding primal { and dual { optimal bases . rj 6328 ( 61997 ) n megiddo ibm almaden research center   san jose   california    
flow cytometry : a clinical test of platelet function ad michelson blood-new york -   1996.0 
david bell p geographer   t geography geography   2005.0 
censor chair : exploring censorship and social presence through psychophysiological sensing e aley   t cooper   r graeber   a kerne   k overby   zo proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
human factors and typography for more readable programs rm baecker   a marcus acm  
structure and function of nucleic acids as cell constituents e chargaff fed . proc   1951.0 
the university without walls ( uww ) program at loretto heights college : individualization for adults . e greenberg new directions for higher education   1980.0 
two-year results of a program to reduce poverty and reform welfare jm bos   ac huston   rc granger   gj duncan   tw brock new york : manpower demonstration research . corp. brown   l.   & hellip ;    
aortic dissection and turner 's syndrome : case report and review of the literature-new aspects of l bordeleau   a cwinn   m turek   k barron-klauninger journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
the laptop initiative in the graphic communications management program at the university of bp klinger  2004.0 
design with digital tools   mcgraw hill   2000 m von wodtke   
asf : a practical simulation-based methodology for the synthesis of custom analog circuits k mj   r phelps   jr hellums   ra rutenbar   lr carley proc . acm . ieee iccad    
jini home networking : a step towards pervasive computing u varshney   r jain ieee computer    
seva : sensor-enhanced video annotation x liu   m corner   p shenoy proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
from cml to process algebras f nielson   h riis nielson lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 
short versus standard duration oral antibiotic therapy for acute urinary tract infection in children m michael   em hodson   jc craig   s martin   va moyer cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
masters   and m. singer   1982   â ?? porous pavement : research rh field development and demonstration   â ??  
fast and efficient equivalence checking based on nand-bdds r drechsler   m thornton   
streamminer : a classifier ensemble-based engine to mine concept-drifting data streams w fan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
performance evaluation of subband coding and optimization of its filter coefficients j katto   y yasuda proc . spie   1991.0 
partial method compilation using dynamic profile information j whaley   
the structure and function of the blood-brain barrier mwb bradbury fed proc   1984.0 
composite international diagnostic interview : expanded substance abuse module lm robins   t babor   lb cottler unpublished manuscript    
economic forces in the coevoltuion of information technology and intellectual property institutions p david  2002.0 
the impact of branching heuristics in propositional satisfiability algorithms j marques-silva lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
field arithmetic md fried   m jarden  1986.0 
transition metal-promoted sifica and alumina catalysts for the selective reduction of nitrogen jh sinfelt acc chem res    
using evaluation indicators to track the performance of education programs g psacharopoulos new directions for program evaluation    
the greater common good a roy   
study of an auto-refrigerating cascade system z shaozhi   c guangming   z hongxian  2000.0 
avoiding competence substitution through knowledge sharing sk mcevily   s das   k mccabe academy of management review   2000.0 
the ising model on the ring : mutation versus recombination s fischer   i wegener lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
a method of variational analysis combined with kalman filter for radar rainfall field correction s shouxiang   l guoqing   g wenzhong proc . 26th int . conf . on radar meteorology    
eversion versus conventional carotid endarterectomy for preventing stroke ( cochrane review ) pg cao   p de rango   s zannetti   g giordano   s cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
vane vortex shedding effects on ssme lpotp turbine b marcu   d balcazar   cd zdenek   kj lunde   dj proceedings of the 52 '' d jannaf interagency propulsion & hellip ;    
scanning iqe-measurement and accurate current determination on large area solar cells b fischer   m keil   p fath   e bucher   
breast disorders : a review for emergency physicians ml givens   m luszczak journal of emergency medicine   2002.0 
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining rammm mehta   j shafer vldb   proceedings of 24th international conference on very & hellip ;    
building theories from case study research km eisenhardt the academy of management review   1989.0 
interpolation and sat-based model checking kl mcmillan lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
a case for end system multicast ycs rao   h zhang proceedings of acm sigmetrics   2000.0 
contingency perspectives of organizational strategy : a critical review of the empirical research a ginsberg   n venkatraman the academy of management review   1985.0 
how organizations differ : implications for multisite program evaluation sj guastello   dd guastello new directions for program evaluation    
a review of software testing . pd coward information and software technology   1988.0 
a 2d neuromorphic vlsi architecture for modeling selective attention g indiveri submitted for publication   1999.0 
ecological methodology : harper and row cj krebs new york    
common methodology a crabtree   j hughes   m rouncefield isbn    
lecture notes on arithmetic algorithms ge collins university of wisconsin    
automating decision guidance in a group decision environment m limayem   g desanctis proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1993.0 
benefits of bounded model checking at an industrial setting f copty   l fix   r fraer   e giunchiglia   g kamhi   a lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
volcanism and continentâ ?? island arc collision in the pentadaktylos range   cyprus f baroz proc int oph symp cyprus    
social justice   evaluation   and the educational system dp ericson new directions for program evaluation   1990.0 
george alan blackburn   gordon clark and david pilgrim p geographer   t geography geography   2005.0 
two methods of rijndael implementation in reconfigurable hardware v fischer   m drutarovsky lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
deconstructing babel : xml and application integration h balen   
parlin creek large woody debris placement project bw collins jackson demonstration state forest newsletter    
practical methods of resistance evaluation of citrus varieties to citrus variegated chlorosis wb li   lc donadio   mjg beretta   v rossetti   or proc . int . soc . citicult    
a case study in pervasive retail g roussos   g giaglis   j frissaer   
30   2000   the group had entered into the following interest rate option agreements : a september at september    
software architecture : introducing ieee standard 1471 mw maier   d emery   r hilliard   
special features of the physics and thermophysics of the irgit reactor va konovalov   gv konyukhov at .  
a model for aids education d longshore new directions for program evaluation   1990.0 
computer aided design and fabrication of partial foot prosthesis da boone   d mathews   d smith proceedings of the 23rd aaop annual meeting & scientific & hellip ;    
and answer assembly ã ? ã?ã?ã ?   ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ?   ã?ã ? ã?ã ?   ã?ã ? ã ? sigmod record   2004.0 
hate in cyberspace : regulating hate speech on the internet a tsesis san diego law review   2001.0 
mit scheme userâ ?? s manual c hanson   
n rand raveau b 1989 cnr rao acc . chem . res    
the error concealment feature in the h. 26l test model yk wang   mm hannuksela   v varsa   a hourunranta   m   
arithmetic and algebra   continuity or cognitive break ? m cerulli   ma mariotti proceedings of the 25 thconference of the pme . utrecht nl    
product liability   punitive damages   business decisions and economic outcomes s garber wisconsin law review   1998.0 
pharmacokinetics of mycophenolate mofetil ( rs61443 ) : a short review res bullingham   a nicholls   m hale transplant proc   1996.0 
finite representation of infinite query answers j chomicki   t imielinski acm transactions on database systems   1993.0 
associations between body size   mating pattern   testis size and sperm lengths across butterflies mjg gage proceedings : biological sciences   1994.0 
part-of-speech tagging using progol j cussens lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
urbansim reference guide : beta version p waddell university of washington   seattle    
strategy and environment : a conceptual integration lj bourgeois iii the academy of management review   1980.0 
presentation of the society of research on nicotine and tobacco s david   r niaura   w shadel   d britt   g  2001.0 
on compact encoding of pagenumber k graphs c gavoille   n hanusse submitted for publication   2001.0 
effects of cyclic nucleotides and intracellular ca on voltage-activated ciliary beating in y nakaoka   h machemer journal of comparative physiology a : sensory   neural   and & hellip ;   1990.0 
scale-free topology for pervasive networks f saffre   h jovanovic   c hoile   s nicolas bt technology journal   2004.0 
summary : developing a successful measurement program d baugher new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
techniques for speeding up range-max queries in olap data cubes ct ho   r agrawal   n megiddo   jj tsay ibm research report    
global wires harmful r otten proc . int . symp . physical design   1998.0 
delay the teaching of arithmetic ? a gleason unpublished  
a community corrections study : the lsi as a predictor of program success p philbrick   i gat   l guisti unpublished manuscript    
rule-based behaviour modelling : specification and validation of information systems dynamics a tsalgatidou   p loucopoulos information and software technology   1991.0 
the 2001 trading agent competition mp wellman electronic markets   2003.0 
management fashion e abrahamson the academy of management review   1996.0 
source separation using higher order moments j cardoso   
serum cholesterol   thyroid failure   and coronary artery disease pb fowler   h ikram   so banim lancet i   1972.0 
biometry ms degree program b yandell  1995.0 
a log-structured history data access method ( lham ) eon patrick   g weikum  1993.0 
message to all sdcs employees a bersin  2002.0 
learners achieve pac separation pwgwct unsupervised procs . of colt/eurocolt   lnai    
progress with biotechnology and gm crops in developing countries c thirtle proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference of & hellip ;    
the danger of replicationand a solution j gray   p helland   po ` neil   d shasha acm sigmod int . conf on management of data   montreal   june    
assessing the socioeconomic impact of improved treatment of head and spinal cord injuries m berkowitz journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
policy-based quality of service and security management for multimedia services on ip networks in g valrie   d sandrine   k brigitte   d gladys   h eric mmns 2002 ifip/ieee international conference on management & hellip ;    
bayesian imitation learning in a robotic head ap shon   db grimes   cl baker   rpn rao nips ( demonstration track )    
atlas of immunofluorescent autoantibodies   urban & schwarzenberg   baltimore ar krapf   ca von mã 1/4 hlen   fe krapf   rm nakamura   md    
switching from a primal { dual newton algorithm to a primal { dual ( interior ) simplex { algorithm . rj n megiddo ibm almaden research center   san jose   california    
occurrence and function of amines in endocrine cells producing polypeptide hormones c owman   f sundler fed proc   1973.0 
the effect of message framing on breast self-examination attitudes   intentions   and behavior be meyerowitz   s chaiken journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
aurora : a new model and architecture for data stream management dj abadi   d carney   u ã?etintemel   m cherniack   c the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
challenges : an application model for pervasive computing g banavex   j beck   e gluzberg   j munson   j sussman proc . acm mobigom    
women in engineering program advocates network ( wepan ) conference le schumaker seattle   washington   june    
the feasibility of using interrupted time-series analysis to measure jobs-plus impacts on employment hs bloom   b glispie new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
confidence intervals for factor forecasts with many predictors j bai   s ng unpublished manuscript    
data staging for on-demand broadcast d aksoy   mj franklin   s zdonik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
using climate data to predict grizzly bear litter size hd picton   rr knight international conference on bear research and management    
scalable lock-free dynamic memory allocation mm michael   
independence is good : dependency-based histogram synopses for high-dimensional data a deshpande   m garofalakis   r rastogi sigmod conference   2001.0 
access path selection in a relational dbms pg selinger   mm astrahan   dd chamberlin   ra lorie    1979.0 
cancers after cyclosporine therapy i penn transplant  
all but 49 numbers are wiener indices of trees h wang   g yu   
e   â ?? an imtlal report on the design of anel   â ?? h hanson acm sigmod record   sept    
interval hierarchies and their application to predicate files m edelberg acm tods    
a simulation study of the ospf-omp routing algorithm gm schneider   t nemeth computer networks   2002.0 
resumption algorithms wj labio   jl wiener   h garcia-molina   v gorelik technical report   stanford university   1998 . available at http : /  
fast parallel similarity search in multimedia databases s berchtold sigmod conference   1997.0 
andv . cheh . 2000 a zambrowski & hellip ; of the home health prospective payment  
sources of survey error : implications for evaluation studies mt braverman new directions for program evaluation    
operator scheduling in a data stream manager u centintemel   zs ra   d carney   c mitch proc of the 28th international conference on vldb    
the relationship between personality   anger expression   and perceived family control among cj coles   af greene   ho braithwaite adolescence-san diego -   2002.0 
human-mouse differences in the expression patterns of disease genes and developmental control genes f fougerousse   p bullen   m herasse   s lindsay   i submitted for  
morphogenesis of b103 neuroblastoma and b103-4c its mutant derivative : modelling lesch-nyhan mhy ma   nc stacey   ja duley   gp connolly cellular and molecular biology letters   1999.0 
on the use of the cyclomatic number to measure program complexity jl elshoff   m marcotty   
learning with the set covering machine m marchand   j shawe-taylor   
m. and   kandil   leo-db2 's learning optimizer m stillger   gm lohman   v markl proc of 27th vldb  
specification of chinese text segmentation and pos tagging y shiwen   
pharmacological interventions for non-ulcer dyspepsia p moayyedi   s soo   j deeks   b delaney   m innes   d cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
adaptive neural network classifier with multifloat input coding em kussul   tn baidyk   vv lukovich   da rachkovskij proceedings of neuronimes &#39; 93   nimes   france   oct. 25-29   & hellip ;    
the evolutionary model of design in approaches to computer aided architectural composition jh frazer   jm frazer technical university of bialystok    
toward autonomic computing with db2 universal database d zilio   ibm canada sigmod record   2002.0 
in dd williams ys lincoln   eg guba & hellip ; evaluation : new directions for program evaluation    
an experimental comparison of national telephone and personal interview surveys . survey research rm groves unpublished manuscript    
temporal inegrity constraints in relational databases j chomicki   
avoiding paradoxes in multi-agent competitive routing e altman   r el azouzi   o pourtallier   e altman   r computer networks   2003.0 
vectorized â ?? â ?? topoâ ?? â ?? program for the theoretical simulation of molecular shape f torrens   e orti   j sanchez-marin aip conference proceedings   1991.0 
policy-based model-driven engineering of pervasive services and the associated oss k yang   s ou   m azmoodeh   n georgalas bt technology journal   2005.0 
a goal-driven auto-configuration tool for the distributed workflow management system mentor-lite m gillmann   j weissenfels   g shegalov   w wonner   g sigmod conference   2000.0 
interview with john mcdermid : the cost of cots n talbert ieee computer    
seer cancer statistics review   1973â ?? 1999 . national cancer institute . bethesda rlagempk cl md    
und v. wulf ( eds . ) : vernetztes lernen mit digitalen medien s uellner proceedings der tagung d-cscl 2000   physica   heidelberg    
neocortex size and social group size in insectivores and carnivores rim dunbar   j bever  1997.0 
rabbit : ac compiler for scheme gl steele jr technical report   massachusetts institute of technology   may  
carbon monoxide poisoning : a review for clinicians-outcome of patients treated with normobaric j varonâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
acupuncture for idiopathic headache ( cochrane review ) d melchart   k linde   p fischer   b berman   a white   cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
a fast software implementation for arithmetic operations in gf ( 2 ^ n ) e de win   a bosselaers   s vandenberghe   p de lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
a review and empirical evaluation of parameter weighting methods for a class of lazy learning d wettschereck   dw aha   t mohri artificial intelligence review    
the format manual . rep. 320 -- 3510   ibm washington sci . center   wheaton gm berns   
pervasive computing : hogwarts   startrek   reality and back d husemann computer networks   2001.0 
the normal incidence grating inverse photoemission spectrometer in the energy range 8-28 ev ( abstract t ollonqvist   l saisa   j vayrynen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
quel as a data type m stonebraker   e anderson   e hanson   b rubenstein proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1984.0 
a scalable parallel classier for data mining j shafer   r agrawal   m mehta proc . 22nd international conference on vldb   mumbai   india . (  
van jacobson . on estimating end-to-end network path properties m allman proceedings of acm  
an improved technique for electrolytic colouration of alkali halide crystals ( abstract only ) p raerinne   p ketolainen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
the functional data model and the data language daplex ' d shipman shipman acm transactions on database systems    
corticotropin-releasing factor : effects on the autonomic nervous system and visceral systems mr brown   la fisher fed proc   1985.0 
a discussion of the molecular mechanisms of moisture transport in epoxy resins cl soles   af yee   
varying instructional strategies to accommodate diverse thinking skills . curriculum concerns . mr hillis   jf eschenbach social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
anti-m monoclonal antibodies cross-reacting with variant m ^ g antigen : an example of modulation of e jaskiewicz   m czerwinski   d syper   e lisowska   
on the use of kriged p-wave travel time correction surfaces lk steck   aa velasco   ml begnaud proceedings of the 23rd seismic research review : worldwide & hellip ;    
decision-oriented approaches to program evaluation rc larson   eh kaplan new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
â ?? multimedia-technologie powerpack â ?? springer-verlag berlin heidelberg oktober 2000 r steinmetz   
sequences of proteins of immunological interest   5th ed.   national institutes of health   bethesda ea kabat   tt wu   hm perry   ks gottesman   c foeller md    
racial ambivalence and american value conflict : correlational and priming studies of dual cognitive i katz   rg hass journal of personality and social psychology    
quantum electrodynamics : with unstable vacuum es fradkin   dm gitman   sm shvartsman  1991.0 
smart cards the better way to pay a michael computerworld    
chief programmer teams : principles and procedures . ibm rep. fsc 71-5108   ibm fed . syst . div.   hd mills md    
the current conveyor : history   progress and new results as sedra   gw roberts   f gohh  1990.0 
poâ ?? neil   and d. shasha . the dangers of replication and a solution j gray   p helland acm sigmod conf . on management of data   canada    
10ã ? â ?? human-machine symbiosis d roy bt technology journal   2004.0 
neeraj ; goe   c.   '' hierarchical censored production rules system employing dempsterâ ?? shafer k bharadwaj information and software technology    
a pattern-matching approach to link program theory and evaluation data jm marquart new directions for program evaluation    
three techniques for helping international program managers use evaluation findings r werge   ra haag new directions for program evaluation   1989.0 
the dangers of replication j gray   p helland   poâ ?? neil   d shasha proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
fast-convergence algorithm for ica-based blind source separation using array signal processing h saruwatari   t kawamura   k shikano   
wavelet thresholding for unequally spaced data a kovac submitted for publication   1998.0 
no bad dogs : ethological lessons for learning in hamsterdam b blumberg   p todd   p maes   
mobile ecommerce k sabatakakis   m zumbuhl   s krotsch andersen consulting   zurich    
faculty incentives : some practical keys and practical examples . z bowen new directions for higher education   1985.0 
a faculty code is not a coda . rm o'neil new directions for higher education   1974.0 
and the ordering of events in a distributed system l lamport  1978.0 
participation   satisfaction   and productivity : a meta-analytic review ki miller   pr monge the academy of management journal   1986.0 
the socio-economic impact of pervasive computingâ ?? intelligent spaces and the organisation of mh lyons   jmm potter   dam holm   r venousiou   r bt technology journal   2004.0 
smart struts - the solution for helicopter interior noise problems w gembler   h schweitzer   r maier   m pucher   p european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
a visual reasoning system with diagrams and sentences h sawamura at diagrams    
error estimation and adaptivity for nonlinear fe analysis a huerta   a rodriguez-ferran   p diez   
combining constraint solving and symbolic model checking for a class of systems with non-linear w chan   r anderson   p beame   d notkin lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
the network workbench : network simulation software for academic investigation of internet concepts jm pullen computer networks   2000.0 
a measure of trading model performance with a risk component mm dacorogna   ua muller   ov pictet   
liver biopsy is essential in anti-hcv ( + ) renal transplant patients irrespective of liver function j boletis   j delladetsima   e psimenou   i vafiadi transplantation proceedings   1995.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?rule languages and internal algebras for rule-based optimizers   '' m cherniak   sb zdonik proceedings of the sigmodconference on management of data   & hellip ;    
dp-47-85 rpc concrete demonstration project program   federal highway & hellip ;    
black . scheduling support for concurrency and parallelism in the mach operating system l david ieee computer    
dynamic geography of marine fish populations   washington sea grant program ad mccall  1990.0 
advanced separation of concerns j brichau   m glandrup   s clarke   l bergmans lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
a fast signature scheme based on quadratic equations h ong   cp schnorr   a shamir proc . 16th acm symp . theory of computing    
the implementation of the suggestive selling training program for the employees of the xyz resort t mccomb  1999.0 
stack database model/view of multimedia data af cã ¡ rdenas   pa michael   bs islam   
esda : virtual prototypes aid complex system design t david electronic engineering    
minimum weight honeycomb core composite sandwich panels subjected to in-plane shear loads jr vinson proceedings of the 23rd annual society of engineering & hellip ;    
plasma : a planetary scale monitoring architecture d aksoy proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
shadow play : the fabled menace of punitive damages m galanter wisconsin law review   1998.0 
falling forward : real options reasoning and entrepreneurial failure rg mcgrath the academy of management review   1999.0 
efficient optimization of a class of relational expeessions av ah   y sagiv   jd ullman acm transactions on database systems   1979.0 
range sum queries in dynamic olap data cubes hg li   tw ling   sy lee   zx loh cooperative database systems for advanced applications   2001 & hellip ;   2001.0 
retrieval performance versus disc space utilization on worm optical discs s christodoulakis   da ford acm sigmod record   1989.0 
heterogemeous integration of biomimetic acoustic microsystems andreas g. andreou   david h. goldberg g camvenberghs   
radiolarian and diatom fluxes in two california borderland basins as indices of climate variability al weinheimer  1994.0 
a message ferrying approach for data delivery in sparse mobile ad hoc networks w zhao   m ammar   e zegura   
writing to learn : back to another basic . s tomlinson new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
query optimization by predicate move-around aylis mumick   y sagiv   
michael stonebraker and jim frew and kenn gardels and jeff meredith tss benchmark proceedings of  
an adaptive recursive lms filter pl feintuch proc . ieee    
improved query performance with variant indexes   d quass   
advanced visual interfaces : an international workshop   aviâ ?? 98   lâ ?? aquila   italy   mai   25â ?? 27 t catarci   mf costabile   s levialdi   l tarantino acm press   new  
framework for server data fragment grouping to improve scalability in intermittently synchronized wg yee   mj donahoo   s navathe proc . acm cikm    
a systems approach to product development ' jb simons   
semantacs for set-oraented productron rules an relataonal database systems ibm research report rj j wldom   sjfa syntax ibm almaden research center   june    
the postgres storage system m stonebraker proc . 1987 vldb conference   brighton   england   sept    
tagging frenchcomparing a statical and a constraint-based method c pierre   p tapanainen procs . of    
matrix transpose on meshes with wormhole and xy routing ct ho   
on automating web service description b benatallah   mha leger   c rey   f toumani vldb journal   v ( 14 )    
using a color reflection model to separate highlights from object color gj klinker   sa shafer   t kanade   
three-dimensional boundary singular elements for electrostatic analysis et ong   kh lee   km lim   
stochastic process algebras - between lotos and markov chains h hermanns   u herzog   v mertsiotakis computer networks   1998.0 
on the computation of multidimensional aggregates a sameet   a rakesh   md prasadâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 22nd international conference on very & hellip ;    
exploiting synthetic chemistry with mesoionic rings : improvements achieved with thioisomã 1/4 nchnones m ã?valos   r babiano   p cintas   jl jimã © nez   jc acc . chem . res   2005.0 
multilevel optimization for large-scale circuit placement tf chan   j cong   t kong   jr shinnerl proceedings of the 2000 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2000.0 
chemical engineersâ ?? s handbook . jh perry   
indexing by statistical tagging p bouillon   rh baud   g robert   p ruch proceedings of journees dâ ?? analyse statistique des donnees & hellip ;   2000.0 
neil und p. oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil : a critique of ansi sql isolation levels h berenson   p bernstein   j gray   jme oã cents proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference  
survival with acute primary coronary artery dissection : a case report and review of the literature lap wellford   tm kelly journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
socialization and immigrant students ' learning in adult education programs my lee   v sheared new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
the exodus query optimizer g grã $ fe   d dewitt proc . acm sigmod  
rr independence is good : dependency-based histogram synopses for high-dimensional data a deshpande   mn garofalakis proc . 2001 acm sigmod intl. conf . managment of  
the   th   nieweg   ho   kapsenberg m langenhuysen jg : demonstration of igm cytomegalovirus-antibodies as an & hellip ;    
assessing the program environment : implications for program evaluation and design rh moos new directions for program evaluation    
arithmetic or algebra ? w doorenâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 25 thconference of the pme . utrecht nl    
the grid file : an adaptable   symmetric multikey file structure j nievergelt   h hinterberger   kc sevcik acm transactions on database 1984.0 
managing intervals efficiently in object-relational databases hp kriegel   m poetke   t seidl vldb   2000.0 
a model of ceo dismissal jw fredrickson   dc hambrick   s baumrin the academy of management review   1988.0 
the magicboard f bã © rard  1999.0 
structure and function of epigeic animal communities with emphasis in the lizard podarcis milensis ( c adamopoulou  1999.0 
a rule-based objectflask modeling approach q chen acm sigmod record    
also availabie as ibm research report rjssb7   ibm almaden research center   march 1992 . mohan   c. ibm m mohas3 alegre proc   acm sig mod international conference on management of & hellip ;    
acyclic formulas and minimal unsatisability s szeider   
systematic synthesis of analogue circuitsâ ?? part iii : all-transistor circuit synthesis dg haigh   fq tan   c papavassiliou procs 2004 ieee international symposium on circuits and & hellip ;    
end-to-end packet delay and loss behavior in the internet b jean-chrysostome proceedings of acm sigcomm    
buffer management based on return on consumption in a multi-query environment ps yu   dw cornell the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
ibm 8265 atm backbone switch software architecture h alaiwan computer networks   1999.0 
indexing and retrieval of 3d models aided by active learning c zhang   t chen   
the orgasmic functioning questionnaire ( ofq ) cm meston   s jung   l hanson   bb gorzalka unpublished manuscript    
bibliographyon temporal databases   '' md soo acm sigmod record    
the concept of the garden in children 's learning and literature . curriculum concerns . bl nourie   sl hull social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
citrus canker in latin america : a review v rossetti proc int soc citriculture    
mining association rules between sets of items in large databases a rakesh   i tomasz   s arun & hellip ; of the 1993 acm sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
an evaluation of two ten-year sediment budgets   nahal yael   israel ap schick   j lekach physical geography    
as if i were dead : an interview with jacques derrida j derrida applying : to derrida   1996.0 
energy extremals and nonlinear stability in an energy-relative enstrophy theory of the bve on a cc lim submitted for publication    
discussion paper   no. 123institutional change and american economic growth : a first step towards a dc north   l davis  1969.0 
automatic lm genre classification s fischer   w eelsberg proc . acm  
the unit preference strategy in theorem proving l wos   d carson   g robinson proc . afips    
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining cs john   r agrawal   m mehta proc . 22nd int . conf . very large databases    
an upturn soon ? e chelimsky new directions for program  
ribavirin with or without alpha interferon for chronic hepatitis c ( cochrane review ) ll kjaergard   gc krogsgaard cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
value priorities and readiness for out-group social contact l sagiv   sh schwartz journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
an agent-based multiservice negotiation for ecommerce w merlat bt technology journal   1999.0 
investigations into the influence of roads on the genetic structure of populations of the common w reh see ref    
information source selection for resource constrained environments d aksoy sigmod record   2005.0 
structure and evolution of turbulent preplanetary disc ( abstract only ) m verronen   h vanhala   ka hameen-anttila proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
performance of a database manager in a virtual memory system sw sherman   rs brice acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
evaluation der rechnergestã 1/4 tzen bildverbesserung in der videoendoskopie von kã ¶ rperhã ¶ hlen s krã 1/4 ger   f vogt   w hohenberger   d paulus   h   
interventions for treating genital chlamydia trachomatis infection in pregnancy ( cochrane review ) p brocklehurst   g rooney  2000.0 
the infosleuth project . acms anthology   p edition   
interactive methods for visualizable geometry aj hanson   
access pathselectionina relationaldatabase management system p selinger   mm astrahan   dd chamberlin   ra lorie   proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
channel adapted multiple description coding scheme using wavelet transform m pereira   m antonini   m barlaud   
adaptive source separation with uniform performance b laheld   jf cardoso   
r * optimizer validation and performance evaluationfor distributedqueries lf mackert   gm lohman proc . 12th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;    
fact division chair 's message ak gupta   d mahr   
the role of emergency services in health care for the elderly : a review . jl wofford   e schwartz   je byrum journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
the role of teacher as mentor lj zachary new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
logical and physical versioning in main memory databases r rastogi   s seshadri   p bohannon   dw leinbaugh   a proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very & hellip ;   1997.0 
optimizing smalltalk message performance f mellender   s riegel   a straw acm press frontier series   1989.0 
between apathy and advocacy : teaching and modeling ethical reflection k hanson new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
differential games r issacs  1967.0 
the infosleuth project white-paper d woelk   c tomlinson technical report infosleuth-95-01   microelectronics and computer  
semantic of message sequence charts with use case maps rg crespo submitted for  
m.   ross   d.   botstein   d.   and brown   p. ( 1999 ) clustering methods for the analysis of dna r tibshirani   te hastie technical report   stanford  
predicate calculus and program semantics . texts and monographs in computer science ew dijkstra   cs scholten  1990.0 
institutionalization of program evaluation in canada : the federal level l rutman   j mayne new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
ensuring relaxed atomicity for flexible transactions in multidatabase systems . in proceedings of the a zhangâ ? ¦ acm press . minneapolis   minnesota   usa  
tv advertising   program quality   and product-market oligopoly t nilssen   l sã ¸ rgard   
a sat based approach for solving formulas over boolean and linear mathematical propositions g audemard   p bertoli   a cimatti   a kornilowicz   r lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
a method for estimating the prevalence of disability from traumatic brain injury jl guerrero   s leadbetter   dj thurman   g whiteneck submitted for publication    
bad blood : the tuskegee syphilis study and legacy recruitment for experimental aids vaccines ks hagen new directions for adult and continuing education   2005.0 
disc brake judder considering instantaneous disc thickness and spatial friction variation h jacobsson proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2003.0 
concrete in the service of the modem world pk mehta   
circulant preconditioners from b-splines rh chan   t tso   h sun  1997.0 
ensuring semi-atomicity for flexible transactions in multi-database system a zhang   m nordine   b bhargava   o bukhres proc . sigmod  
logical and physical versioning in main memory databases p bohannon   d leinbaugh   r rastogi   s seshadri   a proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
hypercomplex numbers : an elementary introduction to algebras il kantor   as solodovnikov  1989.0 
the specification of program ow in madcap vi j morris   m wells proc . acm natl. conf    
algorithms for resuming interrupted warehouse loads wj labio   jl wiener   h garcia-molina   v gorelik technical report   stanford university    
training evaluators of social experiments and social programs jh lewis new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
the dangers of replication and a solution j gray   p helland sigmod conference   1996.0 
developing and testing program classification and function theories kj conrad   jr buelow new directions for program evaluation    
electronic brainstorming and group size rb gallupe   ar dennis   wh cooper   js valacich   lm the academy of management journal   1992.0 
structure based on current-mode cmos technology m ae-barr   mn hasen   m new proc . 26th int . symp . multiple-valued logic    
parallel algorithms for high-dimensional proximity joins jc shafer   r agrawal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
hard-won lessons in program evaluation s michael  1993.0 
a logic for object-oriented programming ( maierâ ?? s o-logic : revisited ) m kifer   j wu proc . acm sigact-sigmod symp . on principles of database & hellip ;    
computerized stock trading subject of sec caveat . j connolly computerworld.   1984.0 
rule languages and internal algebras for rule-based optimizers m chemiack   s zdonik proc . of the acm slgmod int . co @ on management of data    
psychological interventions for non-ulcer dyspepsia ( cochrane review ) s soo   p moayyedi   j deeks   b delaney   m lewis   d cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
reincorporating the bantustans into south africa : the question of bophuthatswana ' jh drummond geography    
legislative program evaluation : utilization-driven research for decision makers . rk jonasâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation   1999.0 
progress on anaerobic digestion within the framework of the ec concerted action cost 681 . am bruce & hellip ; of research and demonstration projects . elsevier applied & hellip ;   1987.0 
a review of the experimental data from the high pressure phase in polyethylene u leute   w dollhopf colloid & polymer science   1980.0 
carnot and infosleuthâ ?? database technology and the web n jacobs   r shea proc . of acm  
nonclassroom learning : a review of the literature . ja carr new directions for higher education   1986.0 
m.   1958 h tomlinson phil . mag    
an application of interference microscopy to integrated circuit inspection and metrology m davidson   k kaufman   i mazor   f cohen proc . spie    
acute arterial spasm in an extremity caused by inadvertent intra-arterial injection successfully b arquilla   r gupta   j gernshiemer   m fischer journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
heliox for treatment of exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( cochrane review ) g rodrigo   c pollack   c rodrigo   b rowe   eh cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
a snapshot differential refresh algorithm b lindsay   lm haas   c mohan   h pirahesh   
abstractions in semantic networks : axiom schemata for generalization   aggregation and grouping u schiel acm sigart bulletin   1989.0 
michael james furlong m ed  2002.0 
out-of-hospital pediatric intubation by paramedics : the san diego experience gm vilke   pj steen   am smith   tc chan journal of emergency medicine   2002.0 
robotic attentive sensing and its application to integrated circuit wafer inspection mj barth  1991.0 
body size and foraging behavior in birds ri goudie   jf piatt proc . int . omithol . cong    
the deming theory of management wb gartner   mj naughton the academy of management review   1988.0 
point vs. interval-based query languages for temporal databases ( extended abstract ) d toman proceedings of the fifteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1996.0 
challenges in evaluating a national demonstration program for homeless persons with alcohol and rb huebner   sb crosse new directions for program evaluation   1991.0 
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization . acm sigmod intl p roy   s seshadri   s sundarshan   s bhobe conference on management of data  
knowledge gained by mothers enrolled in a home visitation program a hammond-ratzlaff   a fulton adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 
data in search of a theory : a critical examination of the relationships among social performance   aa ullmann the academy of management review   1985.0 
efficient filtering of xml documents forselective dissemination of information m altinel   m franklin proc . the 26th intâ ?? l conf . on very large data bases  
the assessment of cellular proliferating by immunohistochemistry ; a review of currently available w al   da levision  1992.0 
variable size block matching motion compensation with applications to video coding mh chan   
changing the rules : transformations for rule-based query optimizers m cherniack   sb zdonik proc . acm sigmod intã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents l conference of management of  
2000 pilze einfach bestimmen r winkler at  
covering indexes for branching path expressions r kaushik   p bohannon   jf naughton   hf korth proc . of acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data    
studying world war ii in the elementary school . curriculum concerns . me haas   jk tiptonâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
impact of an education program about domestic violence on nurses and doctors in an australian gl roberts   b raphael   jm lawrence   bo ` toole   do ' journal of emergency nursing   1997.0 
an aspect-based approach to modeling access control concerns i ray   r france   n li   g georg   
autonomic index management s lifschitz   mav salles   
cross-cultural nongeneralizations mq patton new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
homotopy algebras via resolutions of operads   available as math m markl   
assessing social-psychological classroom environments in program evaluation gd haertel   hj walberg new directions for program evaluation   1988.0 
organizational improvisation and organizational memory c moorman   as miner the academy of management review   1998.0 
utilizing clinical factors to reduce head ct scan ordering for minor head trauma patients ec miller   jf holmes   rw derlet journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
extending logging for database snapshot refresh   int b kahler   o risnes conf on vldb   brighton   september    
tengger support of design-through-code [ uml through java ] for feature-oriented separation of w harrison   c barton   m raghavachari oopsla  
adapting to the revolution of equal opportunity for the handicapped . cw bailey new directions for higher education   1979.0 
selective disruption of neural synchronization by means of repeated transient phase reset pa tass   df russell   u barnikol   a neimann   t  2005.0 
qualcomm-icsi-ogi features for asr a adami   l burget   s dupont   h garudadri   f grezl     
the quest for correct information on the web : hyper search engines m marchiori www6 / computer networks   1997.0 
efficient spatial query processing in geographic database systems . acms anthology   
loadstar : load shedding in data stream mining y chi   h wang   ps yu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
overview of the common language runtime e meijer   j gough microsoft  
challenges : an application model for pervasive computing . august 2000 g banavar   j beck   e gluzberg   j munson   j sussman proc . 6th acm mobicom   boston    
â ?? inchworm   inchworm   measuring the marigoldsâ ?? : biometry in action   â ?? inaugural lecture series jn perry isbn    
assume-guarantee model checking c flanagan   s qadeer   
microprocesses of institutional change in the context of privatization g johnson   s smith   b codling academy of management review   2000.0 
scheduling support for concurrency and parallelism in the mach operating system dl black   
stationary and nonstationary learning characteristics of the lms adaptive filter b widrow   mg larimore   cr johnson ieee   proceedings   1976.0 
a practical report kg kaasi zurich    
research directions for distributed databases h garcia-molina   b lindsay acm sigmod record   1990.0 
temporal database system implementations m bã ¶ hlen acm sigmod record   1995.0 
sex effects on evaluation vf nieva   ba gutek the academy of management review   1980.0 
logic aided lamarckian evolution e lamma   
constructing end-to-end paths for playing media objects a nakao   l peterson   a bavier computer networks   2002.0 
ibm upgrades pen line with thinkpad 710t b brown pc magazine   1993.0 
encoded bitmap indexing for data warehouses po ` neil   d quass sigmod 1997   proceedings acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
addison-wesley   2000 m reading   
automating daml-s web services composition using shop2 d wu   b parsia   e sirin   j hendler   d nau lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
dissection of the vertebral arteries : case report and discussion j glauser   om hastings   m mervart   ma volk journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
an associative classifier based on positive and negative rules ml antonie   
learning to generate fast signal processing implementations b singer   m veloso   
agent-based semantic integration of information in open and dynamic environments rj bayardo   w bohrer   r brice   a cichocki   g acm sigmod record vol . 26   no. 2 ( june 1997 )   sigmodâ ?? 97 .  
educating patients and families about mental illness : a practical guide . gaithersburg cc bisbee md    
efficient construction of low weight bounded degree planar spanner   '' 2002 xy li   y wang submitted for  
a wavelet tour of signal processing academic s mallat san diego   calif    
benchmark . michael stonebraker and jim frew and kenn gardels and jeff meredith s ts proceedings of sigmod    
nevot implementation and program structure h schulzrinne university of massachusetts   technical report    
species displaced by spartina in the pacific northwest k sayce & hellip ; grant program   university of washington   seattle   washington & hellip ;    
theory as method : small theories of treatments mw lipsey new directions for program evaluation   1993.0 
reinforcement learning with bounded risk p geibel   
inferring function semantics to optimize queries m cherniack   sb zdonik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
width-3 permutation branching programs '   technical memorandum tm-293 da barrington mit laboratory for computer  
selective and authentic third-party distribution of xml documents b carminati ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
taxane diterpene synthesis strategies . a review cs swindell org . prep . proc . int    
hinterberger   h.   sevcik . kc : â ?? ibe grid file : an adapable symmetric multikey file structureâ ?? j nievergelt acm transactions cm database  
bisphosphonates for steroid induced osteoporosis j homik   a cranney   b shea   p tugwell   g wells   r cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
maier 1991 : t. keller   g. graefe   and d. maier   efficient assembly of complex objects g keller proc . acm sigmod  
software prototypingâ ?? progress and prospects dc ince   s hekmatpour information and software technology   1987.0 
theory and development of a simple turbine as a prime mover for utilization of solar energy bs leo  1959.0 
wavelet shinkage wvd-a ten minutes tour dl donoho technical report tr-416   statistics department   stanford  
improved service top-cited outsourcing goal . j vijayan   t hoffman computerworld    
the interpreted-compiled range of ai/db systems . acms anthology sigmod record   1989.0 
intergenerational progress of mexican-origin workers in the us labor market sj trejo   
ackoffâ ?? s fables rl ackoff isbn    
an experimental study of the placement of an aircraft inside a large welded zinc-plated steel pa johnson   kr goldsmith seattle   washington   usa   november    
comparison of organic and conventional rotations at the neely-kinyon long-term agroecological km delate   c cambardella & hellip ; armstrong research and demonstration farm progress report   & hellip ;    
from process logic to program logic k honda   
grounded mos resistor . '' sa mahmoud   ho elwan   am soliman electronic engineering    
maryland : supplemental report on the baltimore options program d friedlander  1987.0 
large scale parallel data mining mj zaki   ct ho  2000.0 
the trading behaviour of uk institutional investors a ersoy-bozcuk   ma lasfer unpublished manuscript   2001.0 
hmap-a temporal data model managing intervals with different granularities and indeterminacy from c combi   g pozzi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
discussion of gass jdm . pathogenesis of hemorrhagic disciform lesion of the posterior ocular fundus . ae maumenee md    
on certain graphs with linearly bounded ramsey numbers a kostochka   v rodl   
the determinants of daily travel-activity patterns : relative location and sociodemographic factors s hanson urban geography    
concurrent object-oriented programming languages c tomlinson   m scheevel acm press frontier series   1989.0 
social value orientations and impressions of partner 's honesty and intelligence : a test of the might pam van lange   d michael kuhlman journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
robotic gait training : toward more natural movements and optimal training algorithms dj reinkensmeyer   d aoyagi   j emken   j galvez   w   
genetic loads and the cost of natural selection jf crow mathematical topics in population genetics   1970.0 
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization p roy   s seshadri   s sudarshan   s bhobe   
endohedral rare-earth fullerene complexes ' in fullerenes ' 93 eg suâ ? ¦ santa barbara    
interview by lynne greeley   17 november 2001 se case san  
examining edge congestion mst carpendale   r xing proceedings of acm chi &#39; 94   2001.0 
rochester 's intelligent gateway ka lantz   kd gradischnig   ja feldman   rf rashid ieee computer    
sexual assault nurse examiner ( sane ) program coordinator co ` brien journal of emergency nursing   1996.0 
the sciences and liberal arts : reaching a common language . c vest new directions for higher education   1994.0 
barcelona : mondadori   2000 . 232 p n desgracia   
physiotherapy for patients with parkinsonâ ?? s disease ( cochrane review ) kh deane   d jones   ed playford   y ben shlomo   ce cochrane database syst rev    
antivirals for the common cold to jefferson   d tyrrell cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
the ordering of events in a distributed system   âº comm l lamport   c time acm    
placement experiences of the youngest foster care population rm goerge   f wulczyn zero to three   1999.0 
interview with authors e larson san diego    
toward decent text encoding n holmes ieee computer   1998.0 
burnham-on-crouch ad 2000 burnham-on-crouch town council p harper isbn    
theory of intersections on the arithmetic surface sj arakelov proc . int . congr . of  
on the physical units of nature gj stoney phil . mag    
dynamic alternative routing in the british telecom trunk network rr stacey   dj songhurst proc . int . switching  
muscles : testing and function . williams and wilkins   baltimore ho kendall   fp kendall   ge wadsworth md    
r a. lorie   and tt price . access path selection ma relational database management system pg selinger   mm astrahan   dd chamberlain proc . olfacm sigmod conf    
scheduling algorithms for multiprogramming in a hard-real-time environment . acms anthology j. acm   1973.0 
rule languages and internal algebras for rule-based optimizers m cherniack   sb zdonik sigmod conference   1996.0 
client/server costs hard to divvy up r cafasso computerworld    
learning practical knowledge p jarvis new directions for adult and continuing education   1992.0 
techniquesforsimultaneous placement and routing of custom analog cells in koan/anagramii j cohn   d garrod   r rutenbar   lr carley proc . acm/ieeeiccad    
the impact of topology on overlay routing z li   p mohapatra proceedings of the 23rd conference of the ieee & hellip ;    
effectiveness of a neuro-fuzzy classifier in automated modeling of classification problem-solving n bolloju   
logical and physical versioning in main memory databases pbdwl abraham   sssr rastogi   s seshadri  1997.0 
stakeholder influence in the evaluation of cities-in-schools re stake new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 
scheduling algorithms for message transmission over a satellite broadcast system e modiano milcom 97 proceedings   1997.0 
progress in identification of disease resistance in the oryza species accessions gc eizenga   th tai   fn lee   y jia proc . 29th rice technical working group . little rock   ar    
a bounded retransmission protocol for large data packets jf groote   j van de pol lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
information integration and xml in ibm 's db2 pg selinger vldb   2002.0 
multi-query optimization tk sellis acm trans . on database systems    
the microsoft database research group . acms anthology sigmod record   1998.0 
10x : human-machine symbiosis d roy bt technology  
wk ho   â ?? refinements of the ziegler-nicholsttuning formulaâ ?? cc hang   kj astrdm lee proceedings-d    
maintaining consistency in a database with changing types sb zdonik   
programming pascal with physical units a dreiheller   b mohr   m moerschbacher acm sigplan notices   1986.0 
stratigraphy and sedimentology of the upper proterozoic kingston peak formation   panamint range   jmg miller ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1983.0 
aurora * : a distributed stream processing system h balakrishnan   d carney   u cetintemel   m submitted for  
task scheduling using intertask dependencies in carnot d woelk   p attie   p cannata   g meredith sigmod record   1993.0 
computing global combine operations in the multi-port postal model abnj bruck   ct ho   s knipis   b schieber procs . of the 5th ieee symp . on parallel and distributed & hellip ;    
no more turn over s alexander computerworld    
application of efficient linear fm matched filtering algorithms to synthetic aperture radar m sack   ig cumming   mr ito iee proceedings   1985.0 
fail-safe compilation of protocols on dynamic communication networks b awerbuch  1987.0 
the organizational imperative rj gerhard new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
pseudo-continuous-time quadratic regulators with pole placement in a specific region ls shieh   jl zhang   
modelling and verification of end-to-end transport protocols aas danthine   j bremer computer networks    
hackers steal legislators ' attention . j kirchner computerworld.   1983.0 
june 1999 . dbis toolkit-adaptible middleware for large-scale data delivery m altinel   d aksoy   t baby   m franklin   w shapiro   acm sigmod intl. conference on management of data ( sigmod 99  
technological design considerations for monolithic mos switched-capacitor filtering systems dj allstot   wc black ieee   proceedings   1983.0 
certain features of the technology for separating hydrogen isotopes by chemical isotopic exchange of bm andreev   ã?p magomedbekov   ys parkâ ? ¦ at .  
using separation of concerns for embedded systems design ek jackson   j sztipanovits   
what bakke leaves to the states : preliminary thoughts . rm o'neil new directions for higher education   1978.0 
the principal 's other problems : honest incompetence and the specification of objectives j hendry academy of management review   2002.0 
a predicate matching algorithm for database rules systems   '' e hansenâ ? ¦ proc . 1990 acm-sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
knowledge utilization and power in university decision making ae guskin new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
searching in the presence of linearly bounded errors ja aslam   
the next really bad idea jc dvorak pc magazine    
communication theory and the utilization of evaluation dl newman   rd brown   la braskamp new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
adaptive long-lived renaming using bounded memory y afek   h attiya   a fouren   g stupp   d touitou unpublished manuscript    
sexual conflict : males with highest mating success convey the lowest fertilization benefits to rr warner   dy shapiro   a marcanato   cw petersen proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
aurora : a data stream management system dj abadi   d carney   u cetintemel   m cherniack   c   
the computational complexity of avoiding conversational implicature e reiler proc . 28th annual meeting of the association for & hellip ;    
