11578 sorrento valley road qd inc san diego  
initiation of crazes in polystyrene as argon jg hannoosh phil . mag  
immunogold labelling is a quantitative method as demonstrated by studies on aminopeptidase n in gh hansen ll wetterberg h sjã ¶ strã ¶ m o norã © n the histochemical journal 1992.0 
the burden of infectious disease among inmates and releasees from correctional facilities tm hammett p harmon w rhodes see  
the role of faculty advising in science and engineering jr cogdell new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
the zero multiplicity of linear recurrence sequences wm schmidt to  
predicitve validity of kindergarten screeners for young children with reading difficulties ra haats  2002.0 
the photosynthetic reaction center jr norris j deisenhofer san diego : academic  
f. diene aw ndiaye y. hachage linã © aire scalable et distribuã © lh * lh sous windows nt f bennour res . rep. ceria u. paris  
multidimensional similarity structure analysis i borg jc lingoes  1987.0 
linear algebra and its applications harcourt brace jovanovich g strang san diego  
ded. d. roncagliolo y u. velarde ( 1997 ) interactions and independence in stated preference j ortãºzar proceedings of the 25 theuropean transport  
stereochemical applications of gas-phase electron diffraction k kuchitsu m nakata s yamamoto i hargittai m hargittai  
obtaining complete answers from incomplete databases ay levy proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
li. c. and vitter . j. 2001 . supporting incremental join queries on ranked inputs a natsev y chang j smith proceedings of the very large data bases conference ( vldb ;  
classical topology and combinatorial group theory j stillwell  1995.0 
a database index to large biological sequences e hunt mp atkinson rw irving   
progress through ich toward harmonization of genetic toxicology testing practices for gs probst seattle washington dc  
pain and leg ulceration associated with reduced abpi and atropie blanche d hofman proceedings of the 2 nd meeting on measurements in wound & hellip ; 1998.0 
recognita plus : ocr with strength in hardware b simon pc magazine ( 10 )  
the family transition program : implementation and interim impacts of floridaâ ?? s initial time - d bloom m farrell jj kemple n verma   
world population prospects : the 1996 revision u nations new york  
the racing algorithm : model selection for lazy learners o maron aw moore artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
survival skills for graduate school and beyond ba fischer mj zigmond new directions for higher education 1998.0 
consequences of migration and remittances for mexican transnational communities . d conway jh cohen economic geography 1998.0 
too much middleware m stonebraker sigmod record 2002.0 
a correctness proof for a practical byzantine-fault-tolerant replication algorithm . technical memo m castro b liskov  1999.0 
on a stochastic optimization algorithm using ipa which updates after every customer ekp chong pj ramadge proc . 28th allerton conf . on communication control and & hellip ;  
flight to objectivity : essays on cartesianism and culture s bordo   
capturing design rationale in concurrent engineering teams m klein   
chromosome banding in x-linked mental retardation c fonatsch lancet i  
wanted : true believers f hayes computerworld  
multirate analog-digital systems for signal processing and conversion j franca a petraglia sk mitra proceedings of the ieee 1997.0 
an empirical review of price behaviour on the internet h riquelme electronic markets 2001.0 
psm : software tool for simulating prototyping and monitoring of multiprocessor systems a stafylopatis i papakonstantinou s kaxiras information and software technology 1992.0 
electrocardiographic manifestations : patterns that confound the ekg diagnosis of acute myocardial wj brady tc chan m pollack journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
learning with kernels [ ph. d. thesis ] aj smola technical university of berlin  
caldwell p consultants b pc & hellip ; for comparison of supplemental technology demonstration & hellip ;  
data in your face '' : push technology in perspective ( invited paper ) acm sigmod intl m franklin s zdonik conference on management of data seattle wa june  
service specification and protocol construction for a layered architecture university of maryland sl murphy md  
foot orthoses . . williams & wilkins : baltimore kk wu md  
tools for statistical inference ma tanner  1993.0 
temperatures necessary to kill fungi in wood s chidester proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the american wood - & hellip ;  
modeling and analysis of a traveling wave tube under multitone excitation jg wohlbier  2000.0 
lohman . gm r * optimizer validation and performance evaluation for local queries lf mackert proceedings of sigmodâ ?? 86 . washington . may  
load balancing in dynamic structured p2p systems ssy patel   
virtual communities of transaction : the role of personalization in electronic commerce p schubert electronic markets 2000.0 
unitary representations realized in l 2-sections of vector bundles over semi-simple symmetric spaces t kobayashi proc . of the 27-28th symp . of funct . anal . and real anal . (  
dimethyl ether ( dme ) spray characteristics in a common-rail fuel injection system . j yu proceedings of the institution of mechanical engineers d & hellip ; 2003.0 
crypt breakerâ ?? s workbench users manual '' rw baldwin mit laboratory for computer science ( october 1986 ) unpublished  
nasal continuous positive airways pressure immediately after extubation for preventing morbidity in pg davis dj henderson-smart cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
mentoring undergraduate minority students : an overview survey and model program mc terrell rk hassell new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
optimally sparse representations in general dictionaries by l 1 minimization d donoho m elad technical report statistics department stanford university  
tunning red for web traffic m christiansen k jeffay d ott fd smith proc .  
a sigma ~ 3 type condition for heavy cycles in weighted graphs s zhang x li h broersma discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2001.0 
qualitative â ?? â ?? versusâ ?? â ?? quantitative methods in social research dept of sociology u t wilson california at santa barbara  
the art of deliberalizing : a handbook for the true professional . wc booth new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?conflict detection tradeoffs for replicated data ã cents â ? ¬ â ? jm carey m livny acm  
internal and external motivation to respond without prejudice e ashby plant pg devine journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
white christmas could become dream . w brandel computerworld. 1989.0 
virtual reality : through the new looking glass k pimentel k teixeira  1993.0 
biological data management : research practice and opportunities t topaloglou proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
myocardial infarction and the emotional climate ah crisp m queenan mf d'souzaâ ? ¦ lancet i 1984.0 
a resource for your cosmetology career 2000 edition s fundamentals   
on the nature of continental shelves : academic press jj walsh san diego  
detection of change-points in nonparametric regression pl speckman unpublished manuscript 1994.0 
measuring the light regime under vegetation . ca federer  1964.0 
predicting the benefits of information retrieval techniques a arnt   
visualization optimization and business strategy dl gresh ei kelton d. gresh e. kelton proceedings ieee visualization  
the defect structure and mechanical properties of spinel single crystals mh lewis phil . mag  
real-time networking for the implementation of cim lr lin hp huang proc . int . conf . automation  
progress in the development of large area sub-millimeter resolution cdznte strip detectors jr macri dv boykin k larson m mayer ml proc . spie 1996.0 
convergent stakeholder theory tm jones ac wicks the academy of management review 1999.0 
hierarchical grouping in artificial intelligence . aaai spring symposium on artificial intelligence m mortimer  2000.0 
students in learning groups : active learning through conversation c bouton ry garth learning in groups new directions for teaching and  
hierarchical and variation geometric modeling with wavelets . in proceedings of the 1995 symposium on sj gortler mf cohen  1995.0 
process specification language : an analysis of existing representations nistir 6160 national a knutilla c schlenoff s ray st polyak a tate md  
new chance : implementing a comprehensive program for teenage parents and their children j quint b fink s rowser  1991.0 
adding some spice to csi curricula g holmes tc smith proceedings of szgcse â ?? 97 1997.0 
hardware and system architecture for a very large database r healey b heckman vldb 1975.0 
genetic-algorithm programming environments jlr filho pc treleaven c alippi   
interactive med . 3d-simulations by means of stereoscopy and standard hardware h wã ¶ rn j mã 1/4 hlingâ ? ¦ rechner-u . sensorgestã 1/4 tzte chirurgie-procs gi  
semantics pragmatics and second language acquisition : the case of combien extractions l dekydtspotter ra sprouse k swanson r thyre proceedings of the 23rd annual boston university conference & hellip ;  
coauthors 2003 : european temperature variability over the last 500 years uncertainties extremes j luterbacher   
understandittg activex and ole d chappell   
object message and performance : how they coexist in self d ungar rb smith c chambers   
lisp . vr pratt  1977.0 
stevens ce harley ej zang ea oleszko wr william dc et al w szmuness hepatitis b vaccine : demonstration of efficacy in a & hellip ;  
sybase iq multiplex-designed for analytics r macnicol b french   
characterizing the effects of clock jitter due to substrate noise in discrete-time 1 = 6 modulators p heydari proc . ieee/acm design automation conf  
algebraic attacks on combiners with memory f armknecht m krause   
congenital diaphragmatic hernia-morgagni type l sinclair bl klein journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
acquiring student feedback that improves instruction . hg murray new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
drafter : an interactive support tool for writing multilingual instructions c paris k vander linden   
bill 1989â ?? select committee p offences   
new developments in laser resonators ae siegman  1990.0 
on modelling behavloural semantics of data m brodm proc 7th int &#39; l conf vldb  
comparing data streams using hamming norms ( how to zero in ) g cormode m datar p indyk s muthukrishnan ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2003.0 
a quantitative cytochemical assay for osteoclast acid phosphatase activity in foetal rat calvaria dm webber ip braidman wr robertson dc anderson the histochemical journal 1988.0 
what are the national regimes and local traditions of social welfare and their historical derivation r greca  1995.0 
gastroenteritis due to kanagawa negative vibrio parahaemolyticus i goto i minematsu n ikeda n asano m lancet i 1987.0 
devise : integrated queryingand visual explorationof large datasets m livny r ramakrishnan k beyer g chen d proceedings of the 1997acm-sigmod conference  
efficient numerical error bounding for replicated network services hy aminvahdat technical report cs-2000-08 computer science department duke  
unsupervised image segmentation by stochastic reconstruction v metzler r vandenhouten j krone r grebe   
affinity relation discovery in image database clustering and content-based retrieval ml shyu sc chen m chen c zhang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
vision-based pedestrian detection : will ants help ? m bertozzi a broggi a fascioli   
evaluating administrators . dp hoyt new directions for higher education 1982.0 
initial results from the euv engineering test stand d tichenor a ray-chaudhuri s lee h chapman w   
information gathering in the world wide web : the w3ql query language and the w3qs system d konopnicki o shmueli acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 
on the design of a distributed query processing algorithm ct yu c chang m templeton d brill e lund proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on  
babel : a testbed for research in origins of language 1998 a mcintyre submitted for  
observations of frontal zone structures with a vhf doppler radar and radiosondes mf larsen j roettger conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
when gulliver travels : social context psychological closeness and self-appraisals jd brown nj novick ka lord jm richards journal of personality and social psychology  
list of acronyms anxan exchange bt technology journal 2001.0 
survey of job shop scheduling techniques nistir national institute of standards and technology a jones lc rabelo md  
energy conservation 2000 mayville and horicon : a study of a community-based program b neal c sabo wisconsin demand-side demonstration april  
heated humidified air for the common cold m singh cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
code compression j ernst w evans cw fraser ta proebsting s proceedings of the acm sigplan 1997 conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
ariadne : a system for constructing mediators for internet sources ( demonstration ) j ambite n ashish g barish a knoblock s minton proceedings of acm sigmodâ ?? 98 conference on management of & hellip ;  
cost effective dynamic program slicing x zhang r gupta   
pan-browser support for annotations and other meta-information on the world wide web ma schickler ms mazer c brooks www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
how coping mediates the effect of optimism on distress : a study of women with early stage breast cs carver c pozo sd harris v noriegaâ ? ¦ journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
aspects of disc brake judder h jacobsson proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2003.0 
getting started : informal small-group strategies in large classes jl cooper p robinson new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
thread-local heaps for java t domani g goldshtein ek kolodner e lewis e   
revisiting scholarship c kreberâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning no  
roussopoulos . performanceandscalabilityofclient-server database architecture a delisandn  1992.0 
scalable session messages in srm using self-configuration p sharma d estrin s floyd l zhang   
reyes de los guillermo p revere   
transputer implementation of kalman filters lp maguire gw irwin   
waiting times for stationary processes i kontoyiannis a recurrence technical report no. 92 stanford university july  
jade : jabber-based authoring in distributed environments a roczniak a el saddik proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
a finite element method for the dynamic analysis of automatic transmission gear shifting with a four n zhang a crowther dk liu j jeyakumaran   
hermes : a heterogeneous reasoning and mediator system 1994 vs subrahmanian s adali a brink r emery jl lu submitted for  
proposed air force guidelines for successfully supporting the intrinsic remediation ( natural th wiedemeier jt wilson dh kampbell rn miller proceedings 1994 outdoor action conference may 23-25 & hellip ;  
multimedia miner : a system prototype for multimedia data mining j han sh chee jy chiang proceedings of acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
integration of teaching and research : myth reality and possibility m weimer new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
a value-added model for electronic commerce to ` daniel electronic markets  
photoprotection by carotenoids mm mathews-roth fed proc 1987.0 
prehospital cardiac arrest survival and neurologic recovery m hillis d sinclair g butler e cain journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
inside visual c++ jk david  1996.0 
preferential treatment for short flows to reduce web latency x chen j heidemann computer networks 2003.0 
instrumental stakeholder theory : a synthesis of ethics and economics tm jones the academy of management review 1995.0 
curves and surfaces in computer aided geometric design g farin   
a data warehouse intelligent cache manager [ c ] p schenermannâ ? ¦ proc of the 22nd vldb conf  
assessment enhancement and verification determinants of the self-evaluation process c sedikides journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
the velocity of sound below 1 k kr atkins dv osborne phil . mag  
dye standards part i : terminology and general principles h lyon e schulte a de leenheer s lewis v the histochemical journal 1992.0 
estimating dna sequence entropy jk lanctot   
svâ `` jeuxantiquesâ '' ve encarta  1993.0 
learning plateaus in generalized cognitive condensations : phase transition path dependence and r wallace r fullilove  2001.0 
multiaccess of a slotted channel using a control mini-slot l merakos d kazakos proc . int . conf . communications  
urban watershed gis models for neighborhood environmental education . 1997 acsm/asprs annual cj van zee p hayes seattle washington april  
plan mining by divide-andconquer j han q yang e kim proceedings of sigmodâ ?? 99 workshop on research issues on & hellip ;  
contextual method for the re-design of existing software products r jones n milic-frayling k rodden a blackwell   
imaging of layered structures in biological tissues with opto-acoustic front surface transducer aa karabutov ev savateeva aa oraevsky proc . spie 1999.0 
foundations of differential geometry ( interscience new york 1963 ) s kobayashi k nomizu vol .  
blind nasotracheal intubation in the presence of facial trauma cl rosen re wolfe se chew sw branney ej roe journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
electron microscopy and diffraction of twinned structures in evaporated films of gold dw pashley mj stowell phil . mag  
genera crustaceorum et insectorum pa latreille tomus i  
legal studies and mediation . j rifkin new directions for higher education 1980.0 
ethical decision making in organizations : a person-situation interactionist model lk trevino the academy of management review 1986.0 
application servers ( panel session ) : born-again tp monitors for the web c mohan l cable m devin s dietzen p helland d proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2001.0 
ws-catalognet : an infrastructure for creating peering and querying e-catalog communities k baina b benatallah h paik f toumani c rey a proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
pollution prevention at shipyards pnppr center seattle washington september  
stochastic averaging of hamiltonian systems : a direct martingale proof of a result by freidlin and r sowers n sri namachchivaya submitted for publication  
nsf workshop on industrial/academic cooperation in database systems m carey l seligman sigmod record 1999.0 
î ³ - spectrometric determination of the content of natural radionuclides in ground water a mukhamedov gv poteshkin us salikhbaevâ ? ¦ at .  
controlled trial of internet based treatment for chronic back pain m buhrman s fã $ ltenhag l strã ¶ m g andersson unpublished manuscript  
evaluation of local detectors on non-planar scenes f fraundorfer h bischof   
participation 's effects on performance and satisfaction : a reconsideration of research evidence ja wagner iii the academy of management review 1994.0 
using new clues to find data c fie1771 fields n negroponte third international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
imino esters : versatile substrates for the catalytic asymmetric synthesis of r-and î ² - ae taggi am hafez tr lectka amino acids and î ² - lactams . acc . chem . res  
came : the first step to automated software engineering m saeki procs . oopsla 2003 workshop on process engineering for & hellip ;  
address compression through base register caching a park m farrens   
selectivity estimation in spatial databases acm sigmod intl s achaya v poosala s ramaswamy conference on management of data  
to edit rdf u protã © gã ©   
exploiting temporal parallelism for software-only video effects processing k mayer-patel la rowe   
ii fundamentals of parallel logic simulation rj smith proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;  
efficient transparent application recovery d lomet g weikum client-server information systems .  
parametric query optimization for linear and piecewise linear cost functions ah hs02 s sudarshan  2002.0 
personal communication p hunt herpetologist santa barbara california  
predatory behavior of grizzly bears feeding on elk calves in yellowstone national park 1986-88 sp french mg french international conference on bear research and management  
dolphin : integrated meeting support across local and remote desktop environments and liveboards na streitz j geiã?ler jm haake j hol proceedings of the 1994 acm conference on computer supported & hellip ; 1994.0 
potential interference to gps from uwb transmitters ; phase ii test results : accuracy loss-of-lock m luo m koenig d akos s pullen p enge technical report 3.0 stanford university march  
capitalistic mathematics vp maslov manuscript  
santilliâ ?? s lieâ ?? isotopic generalization of galileiâ ?? s and einsteinâ ?? s relativities ( 1990 ) ak aringazin a jannussis df lopez m nishioka b kostarakis publisher athens greece  
rainwater-harvesting agriculture for food production in arid zones : the challenge of the african hj bruins m evenari u nessler applied geography  
knowledge of blindness adaptation techniques among rehabilitation undergraduate students mj hoover  2003.0 
personal communications j mao ibm almaden research center  
behavioral ecology and the evolution of hunter-gatherer societies on the northern channel islands dj kennett  1998.0 
report on the 18th british national conference on databases ( bncod ) c goble b read sigmod record 2002.0 
role of interoperability in business application development d cohen g larson l berke proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
traces of the spirit : the religious dimensions of popular music r sylvan  1998.0 
a selection combining scheme for rake receivers n kong   
towards generic service management concepts : a service model based approach . 7th ieee/ifip m garschhammer r hauckâ ? ¦ seattle washington usa : ieee publishing may  
sustained product innovation in large mature organizations : overcoming innovation-to-organization d dougherty c hardy the academy of management journal 1996.0 
national survey results on drug use from the monitoring the future study 1975-1997â ?? volume i l johnston poâ ?? malley j bachman md  
a parallel scheme for test pattern generation a motohara k nishimura h fujiwara i shirakawa proc . int . conf . computer-aided design  
safety of computer control systems 1992 ( safecomp ' 92 ) . computer systems in safety-critical hh frey proc . ifac symposium zurich switzerland  
intra-annual changes in the abundance of coho chinook and chum salmon in puget sound in 1997 rj beamish m folkes r sweeting c mahnken   
biological monitoring and assessment : using multimetric indexes effectively jr karr ew chu  1997.0 
extracting structured data from web pages a arasu h garcia-molina   
effects of externally mediated rewards on intrinsic motivation el deci journal of personality and social psychology 1971.0 
wireless infrared communications m kahn joseph r barry john proceedings of the ieee  
introduction to combinatorics pg . 82 1996 mj erickson   
comparison of systems with complex behavior i mezic a banaszuk   
transportation and world development jc lowe economic geography 1988.0 
effect of drive train and fuel control design on helicopter handling qualities g guglieri european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
implicit stereotyping in person judgment mr banaji c hardin aj rothman journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
lowering security overhead in link state routing rc hauser t przygienda g tsudik computer networks 1999.0 
safetynet : a language-based approach to programmable networks i wakeman a jeffrey t owen d pepper computer networks 2001.0 
preface to the proceedings of the workshop on data reverse engineering e chikofsky hd kathi  2000.0 
performance analysis using the mips r10000 performance counters m zagha b larson s turner m itzkowitz   
xenobiotics and hammation lb schook dl laskin san diego : academic  
link prediction approach to collaborative filtering z huang x li h chen   
the universal distribution and a free lunch for program induction j neil j woodward unpublished  
presynaptic localization of sodium/calcium exchangers in neuromuscular preparations pw luther rk yip rj bloch a ambesi ge   
academic press eb davies op semigroups san diego  
passive dynamic running mh raibert cm thompson experimental robotics i  
word and acoustic confidence annotation for large vocabulary speech recognition l chase   
rethinking risk financing cp helbling g fallegger d hill  1996.0 
high resolution infrared solar observations by balloon r zander & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
querying imprecise data in moving object environments r cheng ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
enforcing modeling guidelines in an ordbms-based uml repository n ritter hp steiert   
audit and feedback : effects on professional practice and health care outcomes g jamtvedt jm young dt kristoffersen o thomson cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
branch libraries for multimedia repositories ( poster ) m kozuch w wolf a wolfe d mckay proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
implementing the earnings supplement project : a test of a re-employment incentive hs bloomâ ? ¦   
wharton l. levy dh re smalley h. acc . chem . res  
the future of fiber-optic computer networks pe greenâ ? ¦   
exposed points in spaces of bounded analytic functions . sd fisher  1967.0 
2df mechanical engineering g smith a lankshear proc . spie 1998.0 
immunocytochemical localization ofras p21 product in thyroid follicular cells of normal rats using y mizukami a nonomura t hashimoto e kawahara s the histochemical journal 1988.0 
evaluation of a random access system with hardware simulation ( for satellite location and data gg delmas & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1975.0 
distributed restoration in telecommunications networks d johnsonâ ? ¦ bt technology journal 1994.0 
the 3d resurf double-gate mosfet : a revolutionary power device concept f udrea a popescu electronic letters 1998.0 
the highly conserved dad1 protein involved in apoptosis is required for n-linked glycosylation t makishima t nakashima k nagata-kuno k genes to cells 1997.0 
e-business models r trombly computerworld  
an analysis of the relationship between nln pre-admission scores age and student success in two em kirking  2004.0 
communication skills training for health care professionals working with cancer patients their d fellowes s wilkinson p moore cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
composite objects revisited w kim e bertino jf garza proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1989.0 
optimization of dynamic query evaluation plans rl cole g graefe proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
yu . a. medvedev and bm stepanov av zhemerev at .  
progressive encoding for lossless transmission of 3d meshes p alliez m desbrun acm siggraph conference proceedings  
the house mouse : atlas of embryonic development k theiler  1989.0 
provably secure coin flip in a byzantine environment s awerbuch b chor s goldwasser s micali  1985.0 
distance learning : whatâ ?? s holding back this boundless delivery system i bruder electronic learning 1989.0 
soft-link hypertext for information retrieval md ` inverno p howells mj hu m luck information & software technology 2002.0 
testability 1985 technology forecast b milne electronic design  
an organisational perspective of inter-organisational workflows x zhao c liu y yang international conference on business process management  
the gene-finder computer tools for analysis of human and model organisms genome sequences v solovyev a salamov proc . int . conf . intell . syst . mol . biol 1997.0 
socioeconomic restructuring and regional change : rethinking growth in the european community . a rodriguez-pose economic geography 1994.0 
introduction to integrated project support environments p hitchcock information and software technology 1987.0 
h instability and 1 = f noise in bipolar transistors z yiqi s qing 28th annu . proc . int . reliability physics symp  
the remit system for paraphrasing relational query expressions into natural language bgt lowden vldb 1986.0 
the l.-s. & leising pa milne md  
mapinfo spatialware : a spatial information server for rdbms . c mina vldb 1998.0 
correlation-dispersion method of measuring the output of a water-water power reactor ln bogachek ka gazaryan vv lyenkoâ ? ¦ at .  
the stakeholder approach to evaluation : origins and promise ch weiss new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
experience in developing and testing network protocol software using fdts mu uyar ma fecko ay duale pd amer as sethi information and software technology 2003.0 
modes of action of fk506 cyclosporin a and rapamycin r morris transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
tata probabilistic temporal databases i : algebra a dekhtyar r ross vs subrahmanian technical report cs-tr-3987 department of computer science  
mpegâ ?? 7 camera t ebrahimi y abdeljaoued rmf i ventura od   
a. h. muroya and rg gould . 1972 p edwards vivo demonstration of the circadian . rhythm of cholesterol  
asilomar report p bernstein m brodie s ceri m franklinâ ? ¦ sigmod record  
i2i trust in e-commerce js olson gm olson communications-acm 2000.0 
the stimulation of reproduction in coelenterates by low levels of toxic stress . ard stebbing unep athens ( greece ) . 1991. 1991.0 
contractual types o nierstrasz submitted for publication 2003.0 
arrangement of latches in scan-path design to improve delay fault coverage w mao md ciletti proc . int . test conference 1990.0 
selenium determination in animal whole blood using stabilized temperature platform furnace and rh eckerlin dw hoult gr carnrick at spectrosc  
automatic assessment aids for pascal programs mj rees acm sigplan notices 1982.0 
the formulation of molecular quantum mechanics with the aid of particle density operators and phase m schleicher & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1974.0 
engineering applications of correlation and spectral analysis js bendat a piersol  1980.0 
optimal selection of supply voltages and level-conversion during data-path scheduling under resource m johnson k roy proceedings of the 1996 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;  
the transmembrane domain of the large subunit of hsv-2 ribonucleotide reductase ( icp10 ) is required cc smith jh luo jcr hunter jv ordonez virology-new york - 1994.0 
binary data transmission techniques for linear systems ml doelz et heald dl martin proc . ire  
proda : a suite of web-services for progressive data analysis m jahangiri c shahabi proceedings of 24th acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
continuous querying in database-centric web applications jc shafer r agrawal www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
unpacking phonological awareness : two treatments for low-skilled kindergarten children re o'connor jr jenkins ta slocum unpublished manuscript  
lp { the larch prover : version 3.1 1995 s garland mit laboratory for computer science http://larch . lcs . mit .  
the discovery of the individual 1050-1200 c morris   
â ?? punctualityâ ?? and verb semantics s engelberg   
evaluation of winter rye hybrids fertility l madej r osinski j jagodzinski biuletyn-instytutu hodowli i aklimatyzacji roslin 1995.0 
martingale estimating functions based on eigenfunctions for discretely observed small diffusions m uchida  2004.0 
social experimentation h riecken   
computer implementation of thenite element method a george stanford university technical report stan-cs-208 stanford ca  
land degradation in the yallahs basin jamaica : historical notes and contemporary observations d barker dfm mcgregor geography  
scatter/gather : a cluster-based approach to browsing large doctnnent collections dr cutting dr karger jo pedersen jw tukey proc . acm sig1r  
september 11 terror war and blowback d kellner unpublished manuscript  
unity and diversity : holiday celebrations around the world . a lockledge social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
four cheers for geography s jenkins geography  
fluency in a discourse or manipulation of mental objects w dã ¶ rfler proceedings of pme  
dec. 1981 . [ black 1985 ] ap black . supporting distributed applications : experience with eden ca grove proc . 10th acm symp . operating  
merialdo & p. sindoni g.â ?? the araneus web-base management systemâ ?? g mecca p atzeni a masci acm sigmod international conference on management of  
classroom behaviors related to college teaching effectiveness h murray new directions for teaching and learning : using research to & hellip ;  
a multimedia presentation algebra s adalä ± ml sapino vs subrahmanian sigmod 1999.0 
inc. march 1985 m pirnie & hellip ; river pcb reclamation/demonstration project evaluation of  
hits and miss-es : a year watching the web j graham-cumming www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
blink measurement by image processing and application to warning of driverâ ?? s drowsiness in t nakano k sugiyama m mizuno s yamamoto procs . ieee intelligent vehicles  
description of the picture of a city j stefanou j stefanou athens greece : ntua publications  
falcon : feedback adaptive loop for content-based retrieval t authors c identified   
a characterization of the bivariate normal-wishart distribution d geiger d heckerman   
a university-industry association model for curriculum enhancement . m passer new directions for higher education 1984.0 
o-linked oligosaccharide on igal hinge region in iga nephropathy . fundamental study for precise y hiki a horii h iwase a tanaka contributions to nephrology 1995.0 
designing solutions with com + technologies r brown w baron wd chadwick  2001.0 
hints of discontent s alexander   
the undergraduate curriculum and distance education . ge miller new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
the social delegation cycle g boella l van der torre lnai n. 3065 : procs . ofâ ?? eonâ ?? 04  
what teachers can do to relieve problems identified by international students ds lee new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
the haskell school of expression : learning functional programming through multimedia 2000 p hudak   
the lilog knowledge representation system t bollinger u pletat acm sigart bulletin 1991.0 
combining ontologies : an analysis of problems and solutions m klein   
dynamic performance and minimum loading effects of an isolated self-excited reluctance generator ys wang   
pulsar-appropriate clock statistics d matsakis f josties proc . 28th annual precision time and time interval ( ptti ) & hellip ;  
an evaluation of buffer management strategies for relational database systems / / vldb '85 ht chou dj dewitt proceedings of 11th international conference on very large & hellip ;  
australian women in it l von hellens s nielsen communications-acm 2001.0 
thin is in : wafer-thinning method delivers ultra-slim chips with a clean process d bursky electronic design  
helping faculty to help their students learn . j katz new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
database decomposition into 4nf g grahne k raiha 9th vldb  
syntactic accidents in program analysis d damian o danvy proceedings of the 2000 acm sigplan international conference  
locational trends in r & d by large us corporations 1965-1977 ej malecki economic geography 1979.0 
on the instability of cylindrical fluid surfaces l rayleigh phil . mag  
collapse analysis of reinforced concrete frames under earthquake [ a ] cm liu xl liu proc . int . conf . on concrete 1992.0 
a pattern of vortexflow of continental crust and the environ mental geology in china l zonghua  1986.0 
efficient algorithms for large-scale topology discovery b donnet p raoult t friedman m crovella   
yu . a. nikolaev and yu . r. kevorkyan â ?? grain-boundary segregation of phosphorous in low-alloy av nikolaeva at .  
grassroots k kamiya m rã ¶ scheisen t winograd technical report stanford university cf. url http://diglib .  
discrete subgroups of semisimple lie groups ga margulis  1991.0 
a direct particle simulation method for hypersonic rarified ow jd mcdonald technical report 411 stanford university march  
hierarchical dynamic router k kawamura m umeda h shiraishi proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
cytoplasmic ion transport as a general very early step in the orientation of the embryonic left - m levin  2003.0 
shaping minds musically t machover bt technology journal 2004.0 
an empirical study of sale rates and prices in impressionist and contemporary art auctions o ashenfelter k graddy unpublished manuscript  
aexible multicast routing protocol for group communication s aggarwal s paul d massey d caldararu computer networks 2000.0 
deployment and support of complex integrated solutions i buxton swj hodgkiss gd king bt technology journal 1997.0 
impact of control system design on a flexible manufacturing system for colliery arches sj williams   
downsizing in privatized firms in russia ukraine and belarus i filatotchev t buck v zukov academy of management journal 2000.0 
dictionary methods for cross-lingual information retrieval l ballesteros wb croft lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
compensatory conviction in the face of personal uncertainty : going to extremes and being oneself i mcgregor mp zanna jg holmes sj spencer journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
sigcas chair 's message cd martin computers and society  
dose loads on hydrobionts and the population in regions of operation of nuclear-powered ships va danilyan vd vysotskii mn katkova ii kryshev at .  
irrigation management transfer in nigeria : a case ofâ ® financial sustainability for operation ik musa international conference on irrigation management transfer  
systematics of the molar-toothed redhorse suckers ( moxostoma carinatum ) and the rediscovered m. re jenkins bj freeman unpublished  
the situational factors affecting teaching . ld fink new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
manipulating complex objects m lacroix m vanhoedenaghe acm press frontier series 1990.0 
women fire and dangerous things : what categories reveal about the mind university of chicago press g lakoff isbn  
storage consideration in relation to source capacity and peak demands â ?? a paper presented at the dp proudfit madison wisconsin : university of wisconsin march  
rate-monotonic analysis for real-time industrial computing mh klein jp lehoczky r rajkumar   
distributed data bases : a-sumnary of research jp fry me deppe computer networks  
the evolution of polyandry ja zeh dw zeh  1996.0 
intra-transaction parallelism in the mapping of an object model to a relational multi-processor m rys mc norrie hj schek vldb  
database requirements for a software engineering environment : criteria and empirical evaluation s chen jm drake wt tsai information and software technology 1993.0 
er mapper user guide . 922 p er mapping san diego  
the distribution of electrons among atomic levels ec stoner phil . mag  
building a large and efficient hybrid peer-to-peer internet caching system l xiao x zhang a andrzejak s chen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
pp. 4-5 p assessment   
advanced diagnostics : a pascal interactive system nh white gm haylett information and software technology 1987.0 
law theory and geography n blomley g clark urban geography  
preparing for an adult education evaluation . rc mason new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
nonvisual presentation of graphical user interfaces : contrasting two approaches ed mynatt g weber   
phylip : phylogenetic information package j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
experience building the open oodb query optimizer a joseâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm  
a survey of distributed deadlock detection algorithms ak elmagarmid acm sigmod record 1986.0 
oam : an office analysis methodology . office automation group memo oam-016 m sirbu s schoichet j kunin m hammer  1981.0 
self-similarity in the web . 2 : 205â ?? 223 s dill r kumar ks mccurley s rajagopalan d  2002.0 
erp can magnify errors c stedman computerworld  
adding medications in the emergency department : effect on knowledge of medications in older adults ks hayes journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
the peter norton programmer 's guide to the ibm pc . p norton  1985.0 
range multicast routers for large-scale deployment of multimedia application n jiang yh ho ka hua proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
guide to finding pediatric injury prevention public education materials t smith journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
recent developments in sic power devices and related technology j millã ¡ n p godignon d tournier   
an overview of web services security p kearney j chapman n edwards m gifford l he bt technology journal 2004.0 
xml document versioning sy chien vj tsotras c zaniolo sigmod record 2001.0 
mentoring to diversity : a multicultural approach . g rodriguez new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
charge-based proportional scheduling . technical memorandum mit/lcs/tm -529 january 1995 u maheshwari mit laboratory for computer  
ande . j. shekita . object and filemanagement in the exodus extensible database system mj carey dj dewitt je richardson international conference on very large data bases  
expectations of italian cheese in the pizza industry rj alvarez proceedings of the 23rd annual marschall invitational & hellip ;  
fast ion dynamics in textor measured by collective thomson scattering h bindslev l porte ja hoekzema d van eester a   
a new solid subdivision scheme based on box splines ys chang kt mcdonnell h qin proceedings seventh acm symposium on solid modeling and & hellip ; 2002.0 
cooking with biomass fuels increases the risk of blindness vk mishra rd retherford kr smith   
influence of gaps and neighbouring plants on seedling establishment in limestone grassland p ryser experimental field studies in northern switzerland . zurich . & hellip ;  
strong asymmetries in impurity distributions of jet plasmas . b alper   
a concentric-circle model for community mining in graph structures wj zhou jr wen wy ma hj zhang   
understanding your chemstation h packard san diego calif  
the adabas buffer pool manager h schoning   
evolutionary algorithms v kvasnicka j pospä ± chal p tino slovak technical university bratislava  
experimental results on qcd from cleo ii t browder proc . 28th international conference on high energy physics  
in the middle of the night : a psychosocial resource book for after hours st mcnamara ec meyer ka fraser ea sands journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
the md5 message-digest algorithm . request for comments 1321 rl r-vest  1992.0 
responses of grizzly bears to seismic surveys in northern alaska pe reynolds hv reynolds eh follmann international conference on bear research and management  
vancomycin for prophylaxis against sepsis in preterm neonates ap craft nn finer kj barrington cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
repeated lumbar or ventricular punctures in newborns with intraventricular hemorrhage a whitelaw cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
multi-dimensional constrained gradient mining jmw lam  2001.0 
determining computable scenes in films and their structures using audio-visual memory models h sundaram sf chang   
hardware technology trends and database opportunities d patterson k keeton   
1 w 980 nm pump modules with very high efficiency b sverdlov b schmidt s pawlik b mayer c harder proc . 28th eur . conf . on optical communication  
m. arofalakis . sketching streams through the net : distributed approximate query tracking g cormode proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
lecture-â ?? process for developing aap guidelinesâ ?? . baltimore n halsey md  
e-research : research on pay-per-use of broadband internet service bh lee electronic times  
measurement of low-level strain birefringence in optical elements using a photoelastic modulator tc oakberg proc . spie 1996.0 
eigenvalue problem for linear 2 nx 2-ports ag onishchuk radiotekhnika i elektronika 1978.0 
establishing the planning process for selecting appropriate career programs . pc winstead new directions for higher education 1987.0 
creating multimedia to die for r raskin pc magazine-american edition - 1994.0 
the evolutionof lisp gl steele jr rp gabriel history of programming languagesâ ?? ii  
mitochondrial carbonic anhydrase in osteoclasts and two different epithelial acid-secreting cells ek karhukorpi p lakkakorpi n carter s dodgson the histochemical journal 1992.0 
capturing causality in distributed systems m raynal m singhal ieee computer  
two-electron transfers and molecular x-ray radiation during heavy ion collisions c stoller & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1976.0 
plant resistance to nematodes ja veech see ref  
data and knowledge base research at hong kong university of science and technology p drew b hamidzadeh k karlapalem acy kean dl sigmod record 1995.0 
guest editor 's introduction f dehne algorithmica 1999.0 
catalytic ethylene dimerization and oligomerization : recent developments with nickel complexes f speiser p braunstein l saussine acc . chem . res 2005.0 
a novel design technique for tuneable notch filters gw medlin   
tolerance graphs and orders s felsner lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
dynamical systems iii vi arnol 'd â ? ¦  1988.0 
operating systems : an advanced course jn gray lecture notes in computer science  
campus energy management programs . ma pierce new directions for higher education 1992.0 
wireless lans at risk c ellison pc magazine april  
components and recognition of facial expression in the communication of emotion by actors p gosselin g kirouac fy dore journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
0 . g. tsatalos sj white and mj zwiiiing . shoring up persistent applications mj carey dj dewitt mj franklin ne hall ml proc . acm sigmod  
algebraic dependencies c papadimitriou m yannakakis unpublished memorandum laboratory for computer science mit & hellip ;  
selenium as an antiviral agent ma beck see ref  
possibilities for natural enemies in heliothis management and the contribution of the commonwealth dj greathead dj girling proc . int . workshop  
update semantics of relational views f bancilhon n spyratos acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
stuttering measurement training jc ingham rj ingham santa barbara ca : university of california santa barbara  
foundations of theoretical mechanics rm santilli  1984.0 
the fuel economy potential of heat engine/flywheel hybrid automobiles sm rohde na schilke supplement to procs . 1980 flywheel technology symposium  
integrity = validity + completeness a motro acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
routing worm : a fast selective attack worm based on ip address information cc zou d towsley w gong s cai   
id 90.1 reference manual . csg memo 284-2 rs nikhil  1990.0 
regulated cascode switched-current memory cell c toumazou jb hughes dm pattullo electronic letters 1990.0 
the total meridional heat flux and its oceanic and atmospheric partition c wunsch submitted for publication 2005.0 
preliminary concepts for participant observer ratings of community support programs c macias gb teague  1992.0 
translight : a global-scale lambdagrid for e-science t defanti c de laat j mambretti k neggers communications-acm 2003.0 
ap & ss a bridzius v vansevicius  2001.0 
a psychological taxonomy of trait-descriptive terms : the interpersonal domain js wiggins journal of personality and social psychology  
clarans : a method for clustering objects for spatial data mining rt ng   
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large databases g sudipto r rastogi k shim proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
algorithm 63 : partition car hoare communications of the acm 1961.0 
videoanywhere : a system for searching and managing distributed video assets . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
state is workers seek greener pastures p thibodeau   
automatic assignment of grammatical relations l lesmo v lombardo   
steklo i keramika ia boguslavskiiâ ? ¦ no . i  
predation and coloniality in seabirds m gochfeld proc . int . ornithol . congr  
semantic web recommender systems cn ziegler   
leadership and the research university . ss lipschutz new directions for higher education 1985.0 
comparative monte carlo study of biased regression techniques ie frank technical report 105 department of statistics stanford  
cross-cultural field study . j duley new directions for higher education 1974.0 
geopolitics and discourse : practical geopolitical reasoning in american foreign policy ã ? tuathail political geography  
diagnosis for wiring interconnects wt cheng jl lewandowski e wu   
usability engineering process model t granollers j lorã © s f perdrix integration with software engineering : procs . of hci-intl  
oral or topical nasal steroids for hearing loss associated with otitis media with effusion in cc butler jh van der voort cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
monitoring of leakage in embankment dams through resistivity measurementsâ ?? a 2.5 d modelling study p sjã ¶ dahl t dahlin b zhou s johansson procs . 8th eegs-meeting aveiro portugal  
full text pdf format pdf ( 244 kb ) source symposium on principles of database systems archive mj atallah s prabhakar proceedings of the nineteenth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ; 2000.0 
a financial incentive to encourage employment among repeat users of employment insurance : the d tattrie   
simplicity : a region-based retrieval system for picture libraries and biomedical image databases jz wang proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
amniotic fluid acetylcholinesterase as a possible diagnostic test for neural tube defects in early ad smith nj wald hs cuckle gm stirrat m bobrow lancet i 1979.0 
effects of an intervention programme for improved discharge-planning c haeggmark b nilsson vard i norden 1997.0 
queueing theory rb cooper proceedings of the acm &#39; 81 conference 1981.0 
experimental study of propulsive efficiency of pulsed detonation r zitoun v gamezo c guerroud d desbordes proc . of the 21st int . symp . on shock waves great keppel  
index selection for databases : a hardness study and a principled heuristic solution s chaudhuri m datar v narasayya knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
4 175 180 203 amniosenosa 204 cell migrations 175 bonder cells 179 180 hemocytes 176 pgc i drosophila   
fuse : lightweight guaranteed distributed failure notification j dunagan nja harvey mb jones d kostic m submitted for publication 2004.0 
decision support in knowledge acquisition : concept characterization using genetic algorithms a lee-post   
five-year multicenter retrospective review of cyclobenzaprine toxicity ha spiller ml winter kv mann dj borys s muir journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
freud jung and hall the king-maker . the expedition to america s rosenzweig  1992.0 
perceiving pervasive discrimination among african americans : implications for group identification nr branscombe mt schmitt rd harvey journal of personality and social psychology 1999.0 
improved query performance with variant indices poâ ?? neill d quass proceedings of sigmod conference  
viral radio a lippman dp reed bt technology journal 2004.0 
querying multiple features of groups in relational databases d chatziantoniou ka ross proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
part five : should continuing education be mandatory ? . rg brockett bf legrand new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
commuting with delay prone buses m datar   
in : atlas mundial encarta pp de los libres-uruguaiana microsoft corporation 2001.0 
the placement allocation program : a practical solution to the disk file assignment problem j wolf proc . acm sigmetrics conf  
interventions to help external cephalic version for breech presentation at term gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
hydrology and hydraulic systems . 2 ndedition waveland press inc. ; 867pp rs gupta  2001.0 
bio-ajax : an extensible framework for biological data cleaning ch wuq sigmod record 2004.0 
treatment of osteoarthritis with celecoxib a cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor : a randomized controlled wg bensen jj fiechtner ji mcmillen ww zhao ss mayo clinic proceedings 1999.0 
sane development and operation guide le ledray journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
groundwater fauna of the south platte river system colorado jv ward nj voelz see ref  
local correspondence for detecting random forgeries jk guo d doermann a rosenfeld   
comparing hierarchical data in external memory . university of maryland ss chawathe proceedings of the 25th vldb conference  
caâ ?? s object database gets two-step release s craig computerworld  
object oriented techniques in information engineering kw short conference proceedings on data management 91 table of & hellip ; 1992.0 
issues in developing very large data warehouses l do p drew w jin v jumani d van rossum proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
additive logisitic regression : a statistical perspective on boosting jh friedman t hastie r tibshirani  1998.0 
198 1 . the evolution of sex-role reversal and monogamy in shorebirds wj erckmann ph. d. diss. univ. washington seattle  
recent bt patents gm maclarty bt technology journal 2005.0 
graduate program in communication sciences & disorders cg students  2006.0 
neural structures associated with recognition of facial expressions of basic emotions r sprengelmeyer m rausch ut eysel h przuntek proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
domain-specific keyphrase extraction yb wu q li rs bot x chen proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
northwest region seal and sea lion ( pinniped ) managment map of seal and sea lion trouble spots n fisheries national marine fisheries service seattle washington  
effects of long-term and reduced-dose hormone replacement therapy on endothelial function and intima m hashimoto m miyao m akishita t hosoi k toba menopause-new york - 2002.0 
imhexr mcfc stack scale-up t benjamin g rezniko r donelsonâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 27th intersociety energy conversion & hellip ; 1992.0 
poesia : an ontological workflow approach for composing web services in agriculture r fileto l liu c pu ed assad cb medeiros the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
an authorization mechanism for a relational database system pp griffiths bw wade acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
an adaptivecongestioncontrol schemeforreal-timepacket video h kanakia pp mishra a reibman proceedings of acm sigcomm computer communications review  
a majority consensus approach to concurrency control for multiple copy databases rh thomas acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
issues in co-operative software engineering using globally distributed teams i gorton s motwani information and software technology 1996.0 
simple : a methodology for programming high performance algorithms on clusters of symmetric da bader j jã ¡ jã ¡ md  
integrating association rule mining with relational database systems : alternatives and implications / s sarawagi s thomas r agrawal san jose california usa marz  
human t-cell lymphotrophic virus type-i ( htlv-i ) retrovirus and human disease dj bentrem ee mcgovern ml hammarskjoeld rf journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
use of the weiss-weinstein bound to compare the direction-finding performance of sparse arrays df delong  1993.0 
the effects of latency and occupancy on the performance of dsm multiprocessors c holt m heinrich jp singh jl hennessy technical report csl-tr-95-xxx stanford university  
deconstructing the internet using vugh o martin proceedings of vldb  
incremental subgradient methods for nondifferentiable optimization a nediä ? d bertsekas technical report lids-p-2460 massachusetts institute of  
price and service discrimination in queuing systems : incentive compatibility of gc scheduling ja van mieghem management science 2000.0 
linear clustering of objects with multiple attributes hvj jag901 proceedings of acm sigmod 2001.0 
sql multimedia and application packages ( sql/mm ) base documents p cotton  1994.0 
effect of limestone feed on emissions of nox and n2o from a circulating fluidized bed combustion t shimizu d fujita  1993.0 
principles of peptide synthesis m bodanszky  1993.0 
technologyâ ?? s impact rj coley electronic school  
contrastplotsandp-sphere trees : space vs. time in nearest neighbour searches rr goldsteinj & hellip ; of the very large data bases ( vldb ) conference cairo egypt  
high-speed dacs require special testing pj hanlon bl price electronic design  
av/stol ground effects test facility tm evans jm cooksey & hellip ; symposium 25 th anaheim calif proceedings . part 1 1979.0 
simplifying the representation of radiance from multiple emitters g drettakis submitted for publication 1994.0 
the credit hour and faculty instructional workload t ehrlich new directions for higher education 2003.0 
autosegmental phonology ja goldsmith   
corcus sativus nigella sativa km nadakarni  1976.0 
the use of discrete observer theory to trim and stabilize periodic coefficient dynamic systems mh peters pv bayly da peters european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
atomic energy research establishment report no . tp 232 ( revised ) harwell england ( unpublished ) im boswarva ab lidiard phil . mag  
a content based image retrieval system based on the fuzzy artmap architecture m uysal f yarman-vural proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
implementation of a mobile mpeg-21 peer s lauf i burnett proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
for the pierre auger collaboration m mostafa proc . 28th icrc ( tsukuba japan 2003 )  
anderson pw and palmer rg 1977 dj thouless phil .  
formation of ganymede grooved terrain by sequential extensional episodes : implications of galileo gc collins jw head rt pappalardo icarus-new york - 1998.0 
general secure multi-party computation from any linear secret-sharing scheme r cramer i damgard u maurer lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
the family of concurrent logic programming languages e shapiro acm computing surveys ( csur ) 1989.0 
crime in greece in perspective cd spinellis  1997.0 
apj rm light r lynds ej oã?neil jr  1998.0 
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching a guttrnan proceedings of the sigmod conference boston june  
lower bounds for the weak pigeonhole principle beyond resolution 2002 a atserias ml bonet jl esteban & hellip ; and computation . preliminary version in proc . 28th & hellip ;  
manual for assessment of quality of object relations we piper m mccallum as joyce unpublished manuscript  
minimization of multiple-valued multiple-threshold perceptrons by genetic algorithms a ngom z obradovic i stojmenovic proc . 28th ieee international symposium on multiple-valued & hellip ;  
polysaccharides from corallina officinalis jr turvey pr simpson proc . int . seaweed symp  
covariance selection and estimation via penalized normal likelihood jz huang n liu m pourahmadi unpublished manuscript 2005.0 
issacâ ?? 96 : proceedings of the 1996 international symposium on symbolic and algebraic computation yn lakshman zurich switzerland . acm press new york  
a study of virtual reality-a development of virtual space editor '' vis-edit '' - r kijima m hirose procs . of the 7th human interface symposium  
interventions for encouraging sexual lifestyles and behaviours intended to prevent cervical cancer j shepherd r weston g peersman iz napuli cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
data grid management systems rw moore a jagatheesan   
facilitating collective musical creativity a tanaka n tokui a momeni   
regional body-wave corrections and surface-wave tomography models to improve discrimination w walter m pasyanos a rodgers k mayeda a   
30 . pp edwards and mj sienko l francis acc . chem . res  
arvind . id nouveau . csg memo 265 rs nikhil k pingali  1986.0 
efficient processing of expressive node-selecting queries on xml data in secondary storage : a tree c koch proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
analysis patterns for patient treatment t sorgente eb fernandez mm larrondo-petrie submitted for  
building temporal structures in a layered multimedia data model ga schloss mj wynblatt proc . second acm international conference on  
kinetics of aperiodic cascade boosters with respect to their operating speed and safety vf kolesov vk khoruzhii at .  
statistics of frequency-response estimates jl douce   
management 976 f a info supp .  
promise : peer-to-peer media streaming using collectcast m hefeeda a habib b botev d xu b bhargava proceedings of acm multimedia 2003.0 
autonomous mobile robot navigation and learning cr weisbin jr einstein fg pin   
closed-loop balancing and singular perturbation : a new result l fortuna g muscato g nunnari electronic letters 1991.0 
prolog session r hudson history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
linking learning teaching and development m fiddler c marienau new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
having h-space structure is not a generic property p jianzhong   
eager : programming repetitive tasks by example a cypher proceedings of chi 1991.0 
agricultural biotechnology : critical issues and recommended responses from the land-grant abt force md  
the weakest failure detectors to solve certain fundamental problems in distributed computing c delporte-gallet h fauconnier r guerraoui v   
survey of reviews on alloy powders published during seventies ak chakraborty kb jape powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ; 1980.0 
ole automation programmerâ ?? s reference d clark  1996.0 
partnership is the secret of progress v ford people  
y jiang and yk ng.â ?? record-boundary discovery in web documents â ?? d embley proc . acm sigmod conf  
effects of components of protection-motivation theory on adaptive and maladaptive coping with a pa rippetoe rw rogers journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
j. oral laser appl m strassl a kasenbacher e wintner at  
literacy and health communities : potential partners in practice pa sissel md hohn new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
diffraction pattern sampling for automatic pattern recognition gg lendaris gl stanley proc . ieee 1970.0 
an algebraic description of programs with assertions verification and simulation rm burstall proceedings of acm conference on proving assertions about & hellip ; 1972.0 
of pilgrims and turkey : a look at thanksgivings past and present . teacher 's roundtable . c sage social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
strudel : a web-site management system m fernandez j kang a levy d suciu   
verifiable secret sharing and multiparty protocols with honest majority t rabin m ben-or & hellip ; of the twenty-first annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ; 1989.0 
lernerautonomie und lernstrategien fernstudieneinheit 23 langenscheidt mã 1/4 nchen 2000 p bimmel u rampillon   
rule and data allocation in distributed deductive database systems sj lim yk ng   
automatic composition of transition-based semantic web services with messaging d berardi d calvanese g de giacomo r hull m proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
final report l koehnken mount lyell remediation research and demonstration program . & hellip ;  
concluding observations . dw steeples new directions for higher education 1986.0 
computation of floating mode delay in logic circuits '' practice and implementation s devadas k keutzer s malik a wang mit technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
guaranteeing delay jitter bounds in packet switching networks d verma h zhang d ferrari proceedings of tricomm  
real estate war in cyberspace : an emerging electronic market ? k crowston rt wigand   
khordeh avesta f shahzadi san diego  
a coherence theorem for ordered families of probability measures on a partially ordered space da ross unpublished manuscript 1993.0 
pouchitis after ileal pouch-anal anastomosis : a pouchitis disease activity index wj sandborn wj tremaine kp batts jh pemberton mayo clinic proceedings 1994.0 
the multiple ergodicity of non-discrete subgroups of diff ï ? ( s 1 ) 2001 jc rebelo rr silva   
the digital doorkeeper ' -- automatic face recognition with the computer . jl nettles aj witsmeer p seitz m bichsel proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ; 1991.0 
risk and protective factors among youth offenders mb carr ta vandiver adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
schubert varieties and cycle spaces at huckleberry ja wolf   
the role of athletics in student development . n sanford new directions for higher education 1973.0 
microsoft excel data analysis and business modeling wl winston  2004.0 
aries/im : an efficient and high concurrency index management method using write-ahead logging c mohan proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
representing othersâ ?? preferences in mixed motive games : was schelling right g devetag m warglien   
manolopoulosy ( 1994 ) fast subsequence matching in time-series databases c faloutsos m ranganathan & hellip ; . acm international conference on management of data ( sigmod  
or constraint maintenance ibm research report rj 7348 s cen jwdp rules ibm almaden research center march  
a performance study of four index structures for set-valued attributes of low cardinality s helmer g moerkotte the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
customer data faces rough road to factory c stedman computerworld  
path queries on compressed xml p buneman m grohe c koch proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
morphological diagnosis and heterogeneity . atlas of tumor pathology : tumors of the lower respiratory tv colby mn koss wd travis md  
ands . clark.â ?? collaborativewritingasaprocessofformalizinggroup memory â ?? m mandviwalla k sandoe proc . 28th annual hawaii int . conf . on system sciences  
expert system for selecting expert system shells . a martin rkh law information and software technology 1988.0 
metaphorical models of thought and speech : a comparison of historical directions and metaphorical ee sweetser procs . 13th annual meeting of the berkeley linguistics & hellip ;  
singularity design motivation gc hunt jr larus technical report msr-tr-2004-105 microsoft corporation dec. .  
living in the feudalism of adult basic and literacy education : can we negotiate a literacy democracy ba quigley new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
mediacups : experience with design and use of computer-augmented everyday artefacts m beigl hw gellersen a schmidt computer networks 2001.0 
90 wb frakes pb gandel representing reusable software f gandel information and software technology  
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : gm newland lr wolf ja bishop gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
beyond process : tqm content and firm performance r reed dj lemak jc montgomery the academy of management review 1996.0 
the photoelectric effect ow richardson kt compton phil . mag  
adaptive disk scheduling in a multimedia dbms k lund v goebel   
biohydrometallurgy pr norris dp kelly proc int symp warwick  
the relationship between international trade and linguistic competence j stanley d ingram g chittick report to deet  
r. yavatkar . distributed file organization with scalable cost/performance . acm-sigmod int . conf r vingralek y breitbart g weikum on management of data  
msn messenger 5.0 msn messenger microsoft corporation  
local and global query optimization mechanisms for relational databases k satoh m tsuchida f nakamura k oomachi vldb 1985.0 
lightweight uses of logic in conceptual modelling d robertson j augustä ± acm press new york  
data management for asymmetric communication environments s acharya r alonso m franklin s zdonik b disks proc . acm sigmod conf. san jose ca may  
logjam : a tangible multi-person interface for video logging j cohen m withgott p piernot   
out of the depths an autobiographical study of mental disorder and religious experience . at boisen  1960.0 
international students publications and forms areas of study program administrators graduate faculty f assistance   
certificate programs : alternative ways to career advancement and social mobility gj lopos new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
transition to a unified system : using perl to drive library databases and enhance web site jc fagan electronic library 2001.0 
role of nectin in organization of tight junctions in epithelial cells a fukuhara k irie a yamada t katata t honda k genes to cells 2002.0 
ultrastructural studies on stomatal development b galatis  1974.0 
basic computer literacy skills expected of students by instructors at wisconsin indianhead technical rd pennings  2001.0 
slab : a software-based real-time virtual acoustic environment rendering system . jd miller   
determination of low levels of cadmium in blood by electrothermal atomization and atomic absorption ht delves j woodward at spectrosc  
quantum groups proc vg drinfeld proc . int . congr . math. berkeley  
the role of the grants officer lw willard new directions for higher education 2002.0 
sensory stimulation for brain injured individuals in coma or vegetative state f lombardi m taricco a de tanti e telaro a cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
kriber-an interactive pascal program to calculate distances and angles to generate input files for r bialek & hellip ; kristallografie und petrografie eth zurich switzerland (  
providing focus for financial management . aj falender new directions for higher education 1983.0 
kanata : adaptation and evolution in data sharing systems p andritsos a fuxman a kementsietsidis rj acm sigmod record 2004.0 
mix barrington huong lethanh on counting ac0 circuits with negative constants a ambainis a david proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on  
multidatabase interoperability sigmod record 1990 sigmod record 1990.0 
mining fuzzy association rules in database mk chan f ada hw man sigmod record  
modeling the global short-period wavefield with a monte carlo seismic phonon method pm shearer ps earle  2004.0 
pflanzensoziologie.â ?? springer verlag j braun-blanquet wien at  
automatic acquisition of the lexical semanl ics of verbs fl ` om sentence frames m webster m mm ` cus procs of a cl &#39; 89  
the transport of ciguatoxin : a case report g asaeda journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
erp project dynamics and enacted dialogue : perceived understanding perceived leeway and the nature p besson f rowe acm sigmis database 2001.0 
calculating upward and downward simulations of state-based specifications j derrick e boiten information and software technology 1999.0 
inside visual c++ 6.0 ( mit cd ) d kruglinski g sheperd s wingo   
a cmos analog parallel array processor chip with programmable dynamics for early vision tasks r carmona f jimã © nez-garrido r domãnguez - castro   
finding hierarchical heavy hitters in data streams g cormode d srivastava proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
classification of the finite dimensional simple lie algebras in prime characteristic aa premet h strade   
first-year impacts p patterns new york : manpower  
efficient semantic-based content search in p2p network ht shen y shu b yu ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering. 2004.0 
s. peyt on jones a short-cut to deforestation a gill j launchbury proc . acm  
measurements of electron cyclotron emission from non-maxwellian electron distributions in tcv p blanchard h weisen s alberti s coda p gomez   
effective memory use in a media server ( extended version ) . stan-ford technical report sidl-ivp - e chang h garcia-molina  1996.0 
asynchronous groupware support effects on process improvement groups : an action research study rj mcqueen   
endoscopic submucosal resection with hook knife o tsuneo & hellip ; international endoscopy conference with live demonstration & hellip ;  
ho nson je schweitzer and er warkentine â ?? a dbms facility for handling structured engineering j hr proc . 1989 acm engineering design  
perceived organizational support and leader-member exchange : a social exchange perspective sj wayne lm shore rc liden the academy of management journal 1997.0 
a perspective on the future of massively parallel computing : fine-grain vs. coarse-grain parallel pt tosic   
automatic data fusion with hummer a bilke j bleiholder c bohm k draba f naumann proceedings of the 31st vldb conference trondheim norway 2005.0 
behavior of dielectric barrier discharges in nitrogen/oxygen mixtures r brandenburg kv kozlov am morozov he wagner p proc . 26th int . conf . on phenomena in ionized gases ( icpig - & hellip ;  
a survey of protein variation in populations of the pacific oyster crassostrea gigas 92 pp . m. sci ne buroker thesis university of washington seattle washington 1975  
cold tolerance e beck see ref  
environmental isotopes in hydrogeology id clark p fritz crc new york 1997.0 
a data model and query language to explore enhanced links and paths in life science sources g mihaila f naumann l raschid me vidal   
on the apparent visual forms of relativistically moving objects pm mathews m lakshmanan i nuovo cimento 1972.0 
microsoft asp . net step by step ga duthie   
some numerical results about minimization problems involving eigenvalues e oudet to  
una evaluaciã ³ n del del modelo entidad relaciã ³ n extendido h saiedian information and software technology 1997.0 
3d-surface modelling for automotive applications with the use of neural networks m gadola d vetturi p maffezzoni proc . 28th isata-international symposium on automotive & hellip ;  
is splitting focal attention mediated by exogenous orienting of attention l macdonald unpublished manuscript  
primitives for workload summarization and implications for sql s chaudhuri p ganesan v narasayya proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
ã ? . srivastava d. and tan m. 1996 semantic data caching and replacement s dar mj franklin b jã ³ nsson & hellip ; of the 22 thinternational conference on very large data  
tc metadata for multimedia documents kr bã?hm sigmod record special issue on metadata for digital media  
older learners : a viable clientele . km o'donnell new directions for higher education 1980.0 
hemispheric asymmetry and emotion rj davidson approaches to emotion  
mechanical behavior of steam-treated spruce wood under compressive strain pp kã $ renlampi p tynjã $ lã $ p strã ¶ m submitted for  
electromagnetic analysis and design in magnetic resonance imaging j jianming   
whither engineering?â ?? thinking for the future av lewis bt technology journal 1999.0 
odeview : the graphical interface to ode r agrawal n gehani j srinivasan proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
h. garc ia-molina and andreas paepcke . starts stanford protocol proposal for internet retrieval and l gravano k chang technical report computer science department stanford  
information management for gaze control in vision guided biped walking jf seara   
participation in the iczm processes : mechanisms and procedures needed g king & hellip ; study for the european demonstration programme on iczm  
usage scenarios of dbms keynote r munz 25th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
efficient ebv superinfection of group i burkitt 's lymphoma cells distinguishes requirements for tj evans mg jacquemin pj farrell virology-new york - 1995.0 
a conceptual framework for the design of organizational control mechanisms wg ouchi management science 1979.0 
human resource development 's role in women 's career progress ks mcdonald lm hite new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
the disposition of children with croup treated with racemic epinephrine and dexamethasone in the jd rizos be digravio mj sehl jm tallon journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
applying cosine series to join size estimation c luo z jiang wc hou proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
a language based multidatabase system e kã 1/4 hn t tschernko k schwarz proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
smart mater . struct x wang ddl chung at  
an integrated system for the evaluation of risk from volcanic gases at vulcano isalnd ( sicily ) m favalli f giannini mt pareschi m ranci proceedings of iamg98 isola dâ ?? ischia naples 1998  
the molecular portraits of breast tumors are conserved across microarray platforms z hu c fan js marron x he bf qaqish g karaca  2005.0 
studies on primary hyperoxaluria ew frederick mt rabkin rh richie lh smith vivo demonstration of a defect in glyoxylate metabolism . n & hellip ;  
self-monitoring during collegiate studying : an invaluable tool for academic self-regulation bj zimmerman as paulsen new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
regular research articles b cooper acm sigmod record 2005.0 
entendendo a lei de responsabilidade fiscal e nascimento i debus unpublished manuscript  
rigorous evaluation of cots middleware technology i gorton a liu p brebner   
transformational morphology of the greek noun a malikouti-drachman athens greece  
intelligent software agents for managing distributed genomics data jw keeleâ ? ¦ proc . 28th conf . int &#39; l soc . animal genetics  
a sign-based phrase structure grammar for turkish . master 's thesis o sehitoglu middle east technical university  
optimality conditions and homogenization f murat l tartar proceedings ofâ ?? nonlinear variational problemsâ ?? isola d & hellip ;  
value and productivity in the internet economy a barua ab whinston f yin   
explaining away political crimes . hf dahl ã ? sã ¸ rensen unpublished manuscript  
architecture / / advances in databases and information systems third east european conference adbis ' lb sokolinsky proceedings of short papers.-maribor : institute of & hellip ;  
maximizing cross-functional new product teams ' innovativeness and constraint adherence : a conflict k lovelace dl shapiro lr weingart academy of management journal 2001.0 
swarms : a geographic information system for desert locust forecasting k cressman see ref  
fuzzy logic in diagnosis : possibilistic networks '' invited chapter in fuzzy logic ( j. baldwin ) john m ulieru   
psychology-uw-milwaukee navigation banner n on-line  2005.0 
increasing success in school through priming : aa training manual ld wilde lk koegel rl koegel  1992.0 
learning a word processing system with training wheels and guided exploration r catrambone jm carroll acm sigchi bulletin 1986.0 
semantics and implementation of schema evolution in object-oriented databases proc . of acm-sigmod j banerjee w kim hk kim hf korth conf . om management of data san francisco ca may  
cardiotocography for antepartum fetal assessment n pattison l mccowan cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
unskilled and unaware of it : how difficulties in recognizing oneâ ?? s own incompetence lead to j kruger d dunning journal of personality and social psychology 1999.0 
usage and attitude survey about credit and t & e cards ba agency athens greece  
risk vs. opportuniy the technology 's there but few web sites conduct transactions . are companies ' k gow computerworld  
an ontological analysis of the relationship construct conceptual modeling w yair cs veda w kon acm transactions on database systems  
reconciling distance functions and level sets j gomes o faugeras lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
broadband pilot project brings architects builders together onlineâ ?? â ?? s lais computerworld  
orderable dimensions of visual texture for data display : orientation size and contrast c ware w knight   
rethinking database system architecture : towards a self-tuning risc-style database system s chaudhuri g weikum vldb 2000.0 
creating an interactive immersive decision environment : linking modelling to visualisation i bishop proceedings of the 23rd annual international conference of & hellip ;  
a geographic redirection service for on-line games c chambers w feng w feng d saha proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
integration of asynchronous and self-checking multiple-valued current-mode circuits based on dual - t hanyu m kameyama   
codifying guarded definitions with recursive schemes e gimenez lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
sexual selection and taxonomic diversity in passerine birds tg barraclough ph harvey s nee proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
the transmeta code morphing software : using speculation recovery and adaptive retranslation to jc dehnert bk grant jp banning r johnson t   
tuple routing strategies for distributed eddies f tian dj dewitt vldb 2003.0 
multimethod probes of individualism and collectivism hc triandis c mccusker ch hui journal of personality and social psychology  
some complexity questions related to distributed computations a yao proc . 11th acm  
integrating user views in database design sb navathe r elmasri ja larson ieee computer  
agile software development : addison-wesley pub co a cockburn   
sands the feynman lectures on physics l feynman volume  
issues relating to extension of the basic linear algebra subprograms ds dodson   
additive problems and eigenvalues of the modular operators yv linnik proc . int . cong . math . stockholm  
stufengerechte beurteilung und optimierung der thermischen prozesssicherheit mittels dynamischer a keller  1998.0 
biomass for greenhouse gas emission reduction task 4-6 : techno-economic characterisation of nd diamantidis eg koukios  1999.0 
characterization of human ocular mucin secretion mediated by 15 ( s ) - hete je jumblatt lt cunningham y li mm jumblatt cornea-new york - 2002.0 
computing optimal attribute weight settings for nearest neighbor algorithms cx ling h wang artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
neural networks for identification prediction and control dt pham x liu  1995.0 
on ripples jr wilton phil . mag  
the limits of economy of material in frame structures agm michell phil . mag  
process excellence and capability determination c mackie bt technology journal 1997.0 
from ternary relationship to relational tables : a case against common beliefs sigmod record 2002 sigmod record 2002.0 
use of object-oriented constructs in a computational modeling system for earth scientists ka carlson  1995.0 
soil microbiology and biochemistry . 2 . ed . califã ³ rnia ea paul fe clark san diego : academicpress  
co-operation in the digital ageâ ?? engendering trust in electronic environments a seleznyov mo ahmed s hailes bt technology journal 2004.0 
radioprotection ( colloques ) this issue na beresford sm wright cl barnett jl hingston   
emergency treatment of fever phobia ds nelson journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
ad 2003 . telegraphcq : continuous dataflow processing for an uncertain world s chandrasekaran o cooperâ ? ¦ proc . of the conf . on innovative data systems research ( cidr  
fast software processing of motion jpeg video bc smith   
adaptive implementation of internal model principle for continuous time systems g feng   
in situ respiration of benthic communities in castle harbor bermuda kl smith ka burns jm teal marine biology 1972.0 
small place big money : the cayman islands and the international financial system . sm roberts economic geography 1995.0 
semantic streams : a framework for declarative queries and automatic data interpretation k whitehouse f zhao j liu   
automotive box section design under torsion . part 1 : finite element modelling strategy mmk lee t pine tb jones proceedings-institution of mechanical engineers part d & hellip ; 2000.0 
theory of dielectrical optical waveguides d marcuse academic san diego  
estuarine processes and intertidal habitats in grays harbor washington lw gatto a demonstration of remote sensing techniques . crrel report  
technical article : understanding performance testing a ching a wagner  2001.0 
administrative arm-twisting in the shadow of congressional delegations of authority l noah wisconsin law review 1997.0 
j. cardiff-graphical interaction with heterogeneous databases - t catarci g santucci vldb journal to be  
a contract and balancing mechanism for sharing capacity in a communication network e anderson f kelly r steinberg   
balneotherapy for rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis ap verhagen hc de vet ra de bie ag kessels m cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
short proofs on lrâ ?? differentiability h rieder p ruckdeschel  2000.0 
discrete fairing l kobbelt proceedings of the seventh ima conference on the mathematics & hellip ; 1997.0 
bancilhon . f. & mark r. ( 1995 ) . objects and sql : strange relations cj date m nelson   
a comparison of mpi performance on different mpps m resch h berger t boenisch lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
supporting multi-party voice-over-ip services with peer-to-peer stream processing x gu z wen ps yu zy shae proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
topologically constrained manganese ( iii ) and iron ( iii ) complexes of two cross-bridged tj hubin jm mccormick nw alcock dh busch acc . chem . res 1996.0 
emi prediction in system level simulation rf milson pa jamieson kj scott 11th int zurich emc symposium zurich switzerland  
methodology of social sciences pa gemtos  1987.0 
convergence-innovation and change of market structures between television and online services m dowling c lechner b thielmann   
adiabatic invariants and the theory of quanta p ehrenfest phil . mag  
inferring high-level behavior from low-level sensors dj patterson l liao d fox h kautz lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
reference reconciliation in complex information spaces x dong a halevy j madhavan   
surgical interruption of pelvic nerve pathways for primary and secondary dysmenorrhoea ml proctor cm farquhar oj sinclair np johnson cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
i want my aop r laddad   
rare earths -- applications and technology ck gupta ts krishnan bombay india 25-26 sept. 1986 1986.0 
explaining the enigmatic anchoring effect : mechanisms of selective accessibility f strack t mussweiler journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
guest editor 's introduction : user interfacesâ ¿ opening a window on the computer d hix ieee software 1989.0 
application of head-mounted display to radiotherapy treatment planning jc chung proceedings acm  
toward middleware fault injection for automotive networks p koopman e tran g hendrey   
the state 's new role in facilities planning : maintain alter replace and reallocate . ws fuller new directions for higher education 1980.0 
the perceived fairness of selection systems : an organizational justice perspective sw gilliland the academy of management review 1993.0 
faecal index techniques for estimating herbage consumption by grazing animals jl corbett proc . int . grassl . cong  
using ultrasound to determine external pacer capture-an echocardiographic evaluation d ettin t cook journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
symbolic math software b simon pc magazine august  
calculation and mapping of critical loads in europe status report 1993 rivm report 259101003 rj downing jp hetteling pam de smet   
assessment of neonatal diaphragmatic paralysis using magnetic phrenic nerve stimulation gf rafferty a greenough g dimitriou mi polkey   
animal models to study escherichia coli o157 : h7 isolated from patients with haemorrhagic colitis me potter lw riley tj barrett pa blake ca lancet i 1983.0 
spin vector shape and size of the amor asteroid ( 6053 ) 1993 bw ~ 3 p pravec m wolf l sarounova aw harris jk icarus-new york - 1997.0 
simulating p2p networks mt schlosser sd kamvar technical report stanford university  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?dynamic voting . ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in proc s jajodia d mutchler   
plasma etching an introduction 1academic dm manos dl flamm san diego  
confirmation of traumatic interhemispheric subdural hematoma by magnetic resonance imaging va romano gj toffol journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
varbrul programs s pintzuk unpublished manuscript  
the forcing geodetic number of a graph g chartrand p zhang discussiones mathematicae graph theory 1999.0 
termination of context-sensitive rewriting by rewriting s lucas proceedings of the 23rd international colloquium on automata & hellip ; 1996.0 
video transport over wireless channels : a cycle-based approach for rate control m hassan l atzori m krunz proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
a hybrid approach to ner by memm and manual rules m fresko b rosenfeld r feldman proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
conclusion : what have we learned ? wb elley international journal of educational research 2001.0 
client puzzles : a cryptographic defense against connection depletion attacks a juels j brainard proceedings of ndss  
the impact of herbivory by olympic marmots on the structure of subalpine meadow vegetation : ms af watson university of washington seattle  
test challenges for deep sub-micron technologies tc kwang d sujit proc 37th acm/ieee dac  
rb warren '' a computer system for cardiac electrical measurement and control '' rc barr gs herman-giddens ms spach proc . 28th acemb sept  
multimode spectral coding of speech at low bit rates a das  1996.0 
the linear rational collocation method with iteratively optimized poles for two-point boundary value jp berrut hd mittelmann submitted for publication  
using signal proceesing to analyze wireless data traffic c partridge d cousins a jackson r krishnan t proceedings of acm workshop on wireless  
monoallelic expresion of the odourant receptor gene and axonal projection of olfactory sensory t ishii s serizawa a kohda h nakatani t genes to cells 2001.0 
merging models based on given correspondences pa bernstein ra pottinger proc . 29th vldb conference berlin  
rooted circuits of closed-set systems and a max-flow min-cut theorem for stem clutters of affine m hachimori m nakamura submitted for  
applying wavelets in image database retrieval jz wang g wiederhold o firschein sx wei technical report stanford university november  
the acute pediatric scrotum mw schul ma keating journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
fast subsequence matching in time-series c faloutsos m fanganathan y monolopoulos proceedings 1994 acm sigmod conference  
smart furniture : a platform for context-aware embedded ubiquitous applications h tokuda proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
fast long-lived renaming m moir jh anderson lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
efficient peer-to-peer keyword searching . february 2002 p reynolds a vahdat unpublished  
computational methods in number theory mathematical centre tracts 154/155 mathematisch centrum hw lenstra jr r tijdeman   
nonlinear programming : a historical note hw kuhn history of mathematical programming ( jk lenstra et al. eds . & hellip ; 1991.0 
analyzing blood cell image to distinguish its abnormalities ( poster session ) ks kim pk kim jj song yc park proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
fast evolutionary strategies x yao y liu pj angeline e d. proceedings of the sixth annual conference & hellip ; 1997.0 
a tutorial introduction to the electronic design interchange format jp eurich   
on the constitution of atoms and molecules ( pt 1 ) n bohr phil . mag  
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using hactals i kamel c faloutsos proceedings of the 20th vldb conference  
an extendible hashing structure for image similarity searches s lin   
read-only transactions in a distributed database h garcia-molina g wiederhold acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
the n-tier hub technology ra sommer tr gulledge d bailey sigmod record 2002.0 
object-oriented and conventional analysis and design methodologies rg fichman cf kemerer   
the colorado wind-profiling network - a summary of performance rg strauch kb earnshaw da merritt kp moran k conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
children 's literature . af gallagherâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
common expression analysis in database applications s finkelstein proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
id nouveau : quick reference guide r nikhil technical report mit laboratory for computer science cambridge  
concurrency control in database systems b bhargava   
double dissociation between implicit and explicit personality self-concept : the case of shy behavior jb asendorpf r banse d mucke journal of personality and social psychology 2002.0 
utility-based termination of anytime agents t sandholm v lesser cs technical report 9454 univ. of massachusetts  
adding database management to ada pav hall acm sigmod record 1983.0 
viper : augmenting automatic information extraction with visual perceptions k simon g lausen proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
a new method to segment playfield and its applications in match analysis in sports video s jiang q ye w gao t huang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
l j. gerlach and t. kropf . an efficient algorithm for real-time model checking j fro proc . edaa/acm/ieee  
one-ip : techniques for hosting a service on a cluster of machines op damani pe chung y huang cmr kintala ym wang www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
homoplasy : academic press mj sanderson l hufford san diego calif  
improving the tcpa specification b arbaugh   
others . 1995 . ecological effects of stocked trout in naturally fishless high mountain lakes north wj liss pacific northwest region seattle  
secure online 3d human body database a ruto b buxton i mirkin c goonatilake procs of scanning  
necessary and sufficient conditions to linearize doubly recursive programs in logic databases w zhang ct yu d troy acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
gillies ; ja ; moosmã 1/4 ller h. ; rogers cf ; dubois dw ; derby j jg watson jc chow effectiveness demonstration of fugitive dust control methods  
sources of solutes in precipitation and surface runoff of mixed-conifer and alpine catchments in the mr williams  1997.0 
d vanwilligen aws helwig vincent . loran-c & galileo an european navigation solution o gwa proc of the 29th annual technical symposium of the & hellip ;  
266-275 v. ( 1997 ) . â ?? do n't scrap it wrap it ! a wrapper architecture for legacy data sources.â ?? m tork roth pm schwarz proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very  
transforming the information super highway into a private toll road ( october 1999 ) at 3 m cooper   
generating machine specific optimizing compilers r hoover k zadeck proceedings of the 23rd acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ; 1996.0 
physiology and biochemistry of seeds in relation to germination . vol . 2 viability dormancy and jd bewley m black  1982.0 
practical predicate placement jm hellerstein   
v-blast : an architecture for realizing very high data rates over the rich-scattering wireless pw wolniansky gj foschini gd golden ra   
experiments on production of intense proton beams by charge exchange injection method . gi budker gi dimov vg dudnikov at . energ 1967.0 
volunteering computing a preliminary concept and project proposal lfg sarmenta  1996.0 
before they called it psychopharmacology he lehmann neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
use of mls elevation data for flare-out guidance ( microwave landing system elevation data or ll sanders national aerospace meeting washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
ipsofacto : a visual correlation tool for aggregate network traffic data f korn s muthukrishnan y zhu sigmod conference 2003.0 
eager aggregation and lazy aggregation py weipeng l per-ake proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;  
variation of gait pattern in adult hemiplegia m colaso j joshi neurology india ( bombay ) 1971.0 
low thrust ion propulsion : development activity at profiel tecnologie gf cirri g matticari g noci g perrotta mf ross proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion & hellip ;  
some in-situ measurements of the radiated emission in a door network jp rouzaud f issa & hellip ; symposium on powerline communications athens greece  
touring into the picture using hand shape recognition ( poster session ) em ji hs yoon yj bae proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
what should be optimized in a decision tree n berkman t sandholm technical report university of massachusetts at amherst  
personal communication b goyette  1999.0 
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals i kamel c faloutsos   
program micro-and macrotheory : a guide for social change wr shadish new directions for program evaluation . jossey-bass inc san & hellip ;  
dynamic pricing by software agents jo kephart je hanson ar greenwald computer networks 2000.0 
distributed-memory model checking with spin f lerda r sisto lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
the alpha adrenoceptors on endothelial cells ja angus tm cocks k satoh fed proc 1986.0 
im . ode strikes the right cord h curtis electronic news  
semantics-based concurrency control : beyond commutativity br badrinath k ramamritham acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
lineage tracing in a data warehousing system y cui j widom   
using cooperative learning with students who have attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . pull-out he taylor s larson social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
set-oriented mining of association rules . research report rj 9567 m houtsma a swami  1993.0 
dynamics of gender ethnicity and race in understanding classroom incivility m alexander-snow new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
products of modal logics 1997 d gabbay v shehtman   
timing trigger and control distribution for lhc detectors . bg taylor procs 1st workshop on electronics for lhc experiments cern /  
lh * : linear hashing for distributed les w litwin ma neimat d schneider & hellip ; sigmod international conference on management of data may  
assessing empirical approaches for analyzing taxes and labor supply t macurdy d green h paarschâ ? ¦ the journal of human resources 1990.0 
a complete mechanization of ! - order type theory . '' t pietrzykowski dc jensen proceedings of acm annual conference 1972.0 
a case of nocardia epidural abscess al harvey j myslinski l ortiz journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
analysis-by-synthesis multimode harmonic speech coding at low bit rate c li  2000.0 
ca 2-regulated photoproteins : structural insight into the bioluminescence mechanism es vysotski j lee acc . chem . res 2004.0 
the internet : a learning environment r mcgreal new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
efficient multicarrier realization of full-rate space-time orthogonal block coded systems b farhang-boroujeny c schlegel submitted for  
influence of sulphate groups in the binding of peanut agglutinin . histochemical demonstration with ja martinez-menarguez j ballesta m aviles jf the histochemical journal 1992.0 
satisfying accountability needs with nontraditional methods . s vernon new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
cost minimization allocation ( cma ) algorithm i chong technical report univ. of massachusetts  
dynamic queries : database searching by direct manipulation b shneiderman c williamson c ahlberg   
fast recognition of lines in digital images without user-supplied parameters a busch proceedings of  
two-dimensional transesophageal echocardiography in early diagnosis and treatment of hemodynamic h steltzer g blazek a gabriel k leitner n transplant proc 1991.0 
numerical document queries h seidl t schwentick a muscholl   
preparation for the role of teacher as part of induction into faculty life and work s johnston new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
generating a three-dimensional campus model t drury   
surveillance of the flow of salmonella and campylobacter in a community nv harris seattle washington us : communicable disease control & hellip ;  
data compression for bitmap indexes y chen   
loading data in description reasoners . acm sigmod intern a borgida rj brachman conference on management of data ( washington dc usa 1993 )  
meta-tag that page p kruger electronic library  
influence of genetic polymorphism on the cadmium induction of cytochrome p450 2a6 s satarug k kiyotani m fujieda h yamazaki p   
an accurate and efficient gate level delay calculator for mos circuits fc chang cf chen p subramaniam design automation conference 1988 . proceedings. 25th acm / & hellip ; 1988.0 
a role for b lymphocyte stimulator ( blys ) in sjã ¶ grenâ ?? s syndrome x mariette s roux je gottenberg f desmoulins j   
observations on the biology and control of the pine processionary caterpillar ( thaumetopoea ds kailidis athens greece  
powder metallurgy alloys p ramakrishnan bombay india 11 oct. 1980 1980.0 
sustainable community indicators : guideposts for local planning . community environmental council j zachary inc. santa barbara california  
a generalized model for a relational temporal database sk gadia cs yeung proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
history of the development of medical information systems at the laboratory of computer science at go barnett proceedings of acm conference on history of medical & hellip ; 1987.0 
histochemistry of nucleotidyl cyclases and cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases g poeggel h luppa the histochemical journal 1988.0 
differential vector quantization of achromatic imagery rl baker rm gray proc . int . picture coding symp  
mitochondrial disease and retinal pigmentary degeneration fw newell proceedings of the 23rd international congress of & hellip ;  
interoperability of peer-to-peer file sharing protocols sm lui sh kwok   
a cartoon guide to wavelets jb buckheit dl donoho  1995.0 
semantics of recursive relationships in entity-relationship model hk lee information and software technology 1999.0 
campus-based academies institutes and seminar or workshop series ph lewis lm fino jy hungar wh wallace rf welch new directions for higher education 1994.0 
sil : modeling and measuring scalable peer-to-peer search networks bf cooper h garcia-molina lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
physically modelling the acoustics of a room using a digital waveguide mesh dt murphy dm howard proceedings of the 25 theuromicro  
the silent crisis : the state of rain forest nature preserves cp van schaik j terborgh b dugelby see kramer  
enkephalin-and serotonin-like immunoreactivity in the aortico-pulmonary paraganglia of the white - h gobbi aja barbosa jc nogueira jm polak vpa the histochemical journal 1992.0 
biotech no iogydb io en g in ee ri ng ae humphrey hr bungay fjs schultz rp canale af md 1972.0 
quantitative histochemical determination of succinic dehydrogenase activity in skeletal muscle ce blanco gc sieck vr edgerton the histochemical journal 1988.0 
declaration on religious liberty dignitatis humanae n. 3 . 4 ibid . 9 ibid . n. 65 ii vatican council   
bringing object-relational technology to mainstream v krishnamurthy s banerjee a nori sigmod conference 1999.0 
positive and negative global self-esteem : a substantively meaningful distinction or artifactors ? hw marsh journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
towards a framework for numeracy assessment r callingham p griffin proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the mathematics & hellip ;  
carnegie mellon university r cyert new directions for higher education 1988.0 
ambient technologyâ ?? now you see it now you do n't r payne b macdonald bt technology journal 2004.0 
consistency within diversity : guidelines for programs to honor exemplary teaching md svinicki rj menges new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
companies power up networking g lee ieee  
â ?? equations with two distinct masses hj bhabha phil . mag  
quantum complexity of numerical problems s heinrich submitted for  
improved condition for the optimality of decentralised control for large-scale systems tc yang n munro   
preliminary experience with process modeling in the marvel software development environment kernel ge kaiser   
efficient code distribution in wireless sensor networks n reijers k langendoen proceedings of the 2nd acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
efficiently publishing relational data as xml documents j shanmungasundaram e shekita r barr m carey b & hellip ; . of the int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb ) cairo & hellip ;  
concept based query expansion qyf hp proc acm sigir  
defining job concentrations : the los angeles case rl forstall rp greene urban geography 1997.0 
phase transitions in foods academic press inc yh roos san diego california  
defining knowledge management : four basic functions c frappaolo computerworld  
distance browsing in spatial databases gr hjaltason h samet acm transactions on database systems 1999.0 
shape-based pedestrian detection and localization m bertozzi a broggi   
the jumpers are referenced as left right and open ( see â ?? jumper settingsâ ?? ) . the jumpers and j setup   
the quasi-cylindrical shock tube w chester  1954.0 
adaptive application-specific garbage collection s soman c krintz d bacon   
independent components analysis and computational harmonic analysis dl donoho  1998.0 
pat selinger speaks out p selinger m winslett sigmod record  
indexing and retrieval of video based on spatial relation sequences s daä?taå ? a ghafoor proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 1999.0 
business-to-business interactions : issues and enabling technologies ; vldb volume 12 number 1 ; 2003 ; b medjahed b benatallah a bouguettaya ahh ngu   
the hyperaccessibility of suppressed thoughts dm wegner r erber journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
two-phase deadlock detection algorithm in distributed databases s kawazu s minami k itoh k teranaka very large data bases 1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ; 1979.0 
pc-hypertext a poor pc magazine  
generative video : a meta video representation rs jasinschi submitted to publication  
reading street names from maps-technical challenges g nagy a samal s seth t fisher e guthmann k procs . gis/lis conference cincinnati oh  
the cortex of the rat : a stereotaxic atlas kj zilles  1985.0 
the utilisation of un-cultivated rural land in southern norway during the last 2000/2500 yearsâ ?? d moe proceedings ve congrs international de la socit dâ ?? & hellip ;  
output feedback variable structure controllers and state estimators for uncertain/nonlinear dynamic sh zak   
population bottlenecks and nonequilibrium models in population genetics t maruyama pa fuerst i. allele  
the energy method stability and nonlinear convection b straughan  1992.0 
a dual wm/fp system d kirovskiâ ? ¦ technical report no . msr-tr-2001-57 microsoft research  
a new efficient algorithm for computing grobner basis jc faugere proceedings of mega 1998.0 
data integration in data warehousing d calvanese g de giacomo m lenzerini d nardi r international journal of cooperative information systems 2001.0 
differential analysis on manifolds with corners rb melrose   
case tool construction for a parallel software development methodology jp gray information and software technology 1997.0 
decongestants and antihistamines for acute otitis media in children ca flynn g griffin f tudiver cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
models of light reflection for computer synthesized pictures jf blinn acm siggraph computer graphics 1977.0 
on deviations from parabolic growth kinetics in high temperature oxidation g borchardt g strehl   
power in top management teams : dimensions measurement and validation s finkelstein the academy of management journal 1992.0 
application of hla based solutions for modeling and control of chemical plants a bouguezouli s strassburger & hellip ; . 12 . symp . simulationstechnik asim98 zurich switzerland  
the iliad : the trojan war m stephanides g stephanides  1991.0 
a study of transitive closure as a recursive mechanism hv jagadish r agrawal l ness proceedings of acm-sigmod 1987 annual conference on  
calcineurin and the biological effect of cyclosporine and tacrolimus pf halloran l kung j noujaim transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
transformative learning and the urban context pl kappel bj daley new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
gb dom . focused crawling : a new approach to topic-specific web resource discovery [ j ] s chakrabarti m van den ber computer networks  
c. cockroft al and angus j. 1949 sc curran al cocroft phil . mag  
interoperating geographic information systems mf goodchildâ ? ¦  1999.0 
lipoic acid content of escherichia coli and other microorganisms aa herbert jr guest archives of microbiology 1975.0 
some observations on saint-venant 's principle . ba boley  1957.0 
a sustainable world tc trzyna   
nebraska univehsity oâ ?? ru charles b varney geography 1959.0 
building clinical information spaces on the world wide web p wehr proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group international & hellip ;  
challenges for spoken dialog systems jr glass  1999.0 
b shapiro rm and millstein re nsw reliability plan s mi   
the effects of task interruption and information presentation on individual decision making c speier js valacich i vessey   
a mediator system for model-based information integration b ludã $ scher a gupta m martone int . conf .  
query processing techniques in the summary-table-by-example database query language g ã?zsoyoä?lu v matos m ã?zsoyoä?lu acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1989.0 
equi-depth histogramsforestimatingselectivityfactorsfor multidimensional queries m muralikrishna dj dewitt proc . acm  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?compiled - directed data prefetching in multiprocessors with memory hierarchyã cents â ? ¬ â ? eh gomish ed granston av veidenbnum procs . of 17th isca  
experimental astronomy m barbera a collura a dara m leone fr powell  1996.0 
responding to journals in a learning process tj fenwick new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
shifting factors and the ineffectiveness of third party assurance seals : a two-stage model of dh mcknight cj kacmar v choudhury electronic markets 2004.0 
your wish is my command : sanction-based obligations in a qualitative decision theory g boella l van der torre procs . of aamas 03  
the across-breed epd tables adjusted to a 1994 base ld van vleck lv cundiff proc . bif 28th res . symp. birmingham al  
work initiatives for welfare recipients : lessons from a multi-state experiment jm gueron  1986.0 
wen mei w. hwu . modular interprocedural pointer analysis using access paths bc cheng proc . acm pldi  
origin and evolution of auchenorrhyncha ( homoptera ) based upon fossil evidence de shcherbakov proc . 28th int . congr . entomol  
overview of reverse engineering and reuse research pav hall information and software technology 1992.0 
on power-law relationships of the internet topology c faloutsous p faloutsous c faloutsous proceedings of acm sigcomm  
mitigation of denial of service attacks j mã ¶ lsã $   
patterns of contact and communication in scientific collaboration r kraut c egido j galegher proc acm cscw  
radiation hormesis td luckey  1991.0 
a critical evaluation of the diffusion of cost and management accounting innovations d askarany m smith   
distribution of electrons in a substance after thermalization aa vorob ` ev ap yalovets at .  
support systems and community mental health g caplan new york  
a query language for a homogeneous temporal database sk gadia jh vaishnav proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
a unifying model of physical databases ds batory cc gotlieb acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
co-operating mobile agents for distributed parallel processing rg hercock jc collis dt ndumu agents . washington . seattle  
ion current fluctuations in artificial ion track pores-power spectrum and generalized entropy a wolf z siwy ye korchev n reber r spohr cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
monomial realization of crystal graphs for uq ( a ( 1 ) n ) ja kim   
k : a high-level knowledge base programming language for advanced database applications ym shyy   
have you hugged an editor today ? r raskin pc magazine  
anti-self dual lagrangians ii : unbounded non self-adjoint operators and evolution equations ( 2005 ) n ghoussoub l tzou   
customer handling intermediate serverâ ?? an architecture-led project g mathieson bt technology journal 1997.0 
modell des langwelligen strahlungsaustauschs und idealer regler fã 1/4 r das gebã $ udemodul type56 c felsmann technical university of dresden  
adenotonsillectomy for obstructive sleep apnoea in children j lim m mckean cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
type checking records and variants in a natural extension of ml d rã © my proceedings of the 16th acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ; 1989.0 
naturalistic study of evaluation utilization mc alkin new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
dynamics of red [ a ] d lin r morris proceedings of sigcomm 1997.0 
determination of the content of uranium isotopes and isotopes of transuranium elements in spent fuel v ya aaz gabeskiriya vv mikulenokâ ? ¦ at .  
on the spectral gap of the m/m/n / n queue c fricker p robert d tibi unpublished manuscript  
the potential for open source software in telecommunications operational support systems gl bruce jp wittgreffe jmm potter p robson bt technology journal 2005.0 
concurrentuseofb-treeswith variable-length entries wg kelleram sigmod rec  
hierarchical test generation based on alternative graph models j raik  1997.0 
eqmvalence properties of semantic data models for database systems sa borkin tr-206 laboratory of computer science mit cambridge mass  
occupational stress in nigeria police force . ondo state university nigerial eo akinnawo unpublished manuscript  
reduction of the cost of erythropoietin therapy by coadministration of l-carnitine in hemodialysis d karvadias c fortounas j tsouchnikas t edta 32nd congress athens greece  
mining insurance data at swiss life ju kietz u reimer m staudt proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
the state of coral reef ecosystems of the united states and pacific freely associated states : 2002 . dd turgeon rg asch bd causey re dodge w jaap   
andr . ladin . organizinglongrunning activities with triggers and transactions u dayal m hsu proceedings of the acm sigmod  
'' ping-pong '' gaze in severe monoamine oxidase inhibitor toxicity jl erich rd shih re o'connor journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
towards a formal representation of device functionality jc bonnet   
coordinating mechanisms in care provider groups : relational coordination as a mediator and input jh gittell management science 2002.0 
single dose oral diclofenac for postoperative pain j barden j edwards r moore h mcquay cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
the architecture of simplicity d miller the academy of management review 1993.0 
the rufus system : information organizationforsemi-structured data '' k shoens a luniewski p schwarz j stamos j proceedings of the 19th vldb conference ireland  
mission to planet earth/earth observing system reference handbook nasa goddard space flight center g asrar r greenstone md  
strategic informative advertising in a tv-advertising duopoly t nilssen l sã ¸ rgard  2000.0 
model for delay faults based on paths gl smith proc . int . test conf  
real-time resource tracking system for semiconductor industry ieeexplore.ieee.org   
a model and a method for logical data base design a flory j kouloumdjian vldb  
fairness and social risk i : unaggregated analyses pc fishburn rk sarin management science 1994.0 
coalescing in temporal databases mh bijhlen rt snodgrass md soo   
a methodology for eliciting product and process expert knowledge in immersive virtual environments jm ritchie jel simmons rg dewar id carpenter & hellip ; international conference on management of engineering and & hellip ;  
mmdb reloading algorithms l gruenwald mh eich proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . management of data  
high performance fortran : status report gl steele jr acm sigplan notices 1993.0 
a new generation of spoken dialogue systems : results and lessons from the sundial project j peckham proc . eurospeech  
introduction to lie algebras and representation theory [ m ] je humphreys new york  
an d kroo i. ( 1993 ) '' a rolefo rgenetic algorithmsinapreliminary designenvironment '' p gage proceedings fromtheaiaacf d  
conversational video over ip a auchterlonie bt technology journal 2004.0 
under pressure of publicity and the subsequent reactions from animal welfare environmental and nrc handelsblad see  
tool support for object-oriented patterns g florijn m meijers p van winsen lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
converting relational to object-oriented databases j fong sigmod record 1997.0 
policy for older adult education da peterson h masunaga new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
active storage for large-scale data mining and multimedia applications e riedel g gibson c faloutsos   
chord : a sclable peerto-peer lookup service for internet applications i stoica r morris d karger mf kaashoek h proc . acm  
fast algorithms for mining association rules . 20th int r agrawal r skrikant conf . on very large databases ( vldb ) . santiago de chile  
minimization of non-linear approximation functions k madsen  1985.0 
an aristotelian understanding of object-oriented programming d rayside   
panga ( 1998 ) exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained association rules r ng lvs lakshmanan j han proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of  
making explicit the development toward the scholarship of teaching cb weston l mcalpine new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
analysis of sigmods co-authorship graph m nascimentoâ ? ¦ sigmod record 2003.0 
expiration and partially materialized views w labio h garcia-molina technical report stanford university 1997 . available at http : -  
simplified mass production process for 16 efficiency multi-crystalline silicon solar cells s arimoto m nakatani y nishimoto h morikawa m proc . 28th ieee pvsc anchorage  
report on the 5th international workshop on knowledge representation meets databases ( krdbâ ?? 98 ) a borgida sigmod record 1998.0 
endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography in gallstone-associated acute pancreatitis k ayub r imada j slavin cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
predicting real outcomes : when heuristics are as smart as statistical models a todorov unpublished manuscript  
seven lightnings over californiaâ ?? don daniel a palero in los angelesâ ?? a video documentary d erwan p gã © rard santa barbara university of california  
transmission of blood-bourne pathogens during sports : risk and prevention . e mast r goodman w bond journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
field measurement of the acoustic nonlinearity parameter in turbine blades yl hinton vt directorate jk na wt yost gl   
practical theism and pantheism : two approaches to god in the thought of william james . mg bradford  1977.0 
real-time numerical peak detector . f blais m rioux signal proc. 1986.0 
hierarchical techniques for visibility computations j bittner  2002.0 
algorithms for cochannel source separation and signal estimation a mathur  1996.0 
integrating technology & human decisions : global bridges into the 21st century r lahdelma p salminen j hokkanen dk despotis c new technologies publications athens  
scanning tunneling microscopy of polysialic acid ( abstract only ) l haikkila jps aalto lj pelliniemi r laiho j oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
significance in scale space f godtliebsen js marron p chaudhuri unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
top 20 montana m links ny times sc statutesâ ? ¦   
designing an efficient and scalable server-side asynchrony model for corba d brunsch dc schmidt   
test development for communication protocols : towards automation r dssouli k saleh e aboulhamid a en-nouaary c computer networks 1999.0 
itqs : an integrated transport query system b huang z huang h li d lin h lu y song proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the canvass news video composition g ahanger tdc little online demonstration http://hulk . bu . edu/projects/fap / demo & hellip ;  
double sylvester sums for subresultants and multi-schur functions a lascoux p pragacz   
physician-patient communication in the urban clinical setting dm levine bulletin-new york academy of medicine 1994.0 
micelles membranes microemulsions and monolayers wm gelbart  1995.0 
eigenstructure assignment in descriptor linear systems by output feedback gr duan iee proceedings part d : control theory and applications  
perception imagery and science rn shepard  1999.0 
when discourse becomes syntax : noun phrases and clauses as emergent syntactic units in finnish ml helasvuo  1997.0 
strategic change : the influence of managerial characteristics and organizational growth w boeker the academy of management journal 1997.0 
emergency nurses ' perceptions of critical incidents and stress debriefing c burns nj harm journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
spatial and temporal variabilities of phytoplankton community structure in the northern north y obayashi e tanoue k suzuki n handa y nojiri deep-sea research i 2001.0 
semantic and schematic similarities between database objects : a context-based approach v kashayp a sheth the vldb journal  
strategies and resources for enhancing mentoring relationships . lm golian new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
first lakhtin memorial lecture : international federation for heat treatment and surface engineering t bell zurich switzerland  
converging on ooad agreement v ohnjec application development trends 1997.0 
the impact of case on is professionals ' work and motivation to use case j iivari j maansaari   
general motivational effects of dissonance arousal ms pallak ts pittman journal of personality and social psychology 1972.0 
bitwidth aware global register allocation s tallam r gupta   
anticoagulants for preventing recurrence following presumed non-cardioembolic ischaemic stroke or p sandercock o mielke m liu c counsell cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
fluid-rock interaction and carbon recycling in subduction zones : evidence from stable isotope ge bebout md barton proc 28th int geol conf abstract  
computational studies on the cyclizations of enediynes enyne-allenes and related polyunsaturated pr schreiner a navarro-vazquez m prall acc chem res 2005.0 
otitis media in dairy calves a preliminary case report gm dechant ga donovan 28th ann . conv . proc . am . assoc. bov . pract  
labour shortage aired at world it congress p thibodeau computerworld  
correct systems : building a business process solution wml holcombe f ipate  1998.0 
guest editor 's introduction wc newstetter journal of the learning  
substructure clustering on sequential 3d object datasets z tan akh tung data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
mohamed zc aã ¯ t. querying shapes of histories rb akkesh agrawal g psaila el wimmers   
formal methods are a surrogate for a more serious software concern r glass ieee computer  
in ( 0 . 5 ) 3 ga ( 0 . 47 ) as/inp sam avalanche photodiodes grown by gas source mbe ( abstract only ) g zhang t hakkarainen k tappura k rakennus h oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
pathfinder : a pattern-based packet classier ml bailey b gopal ma pagels ll peterson p proc .  
w and neal we j 1970 nw grimes jm pearson r fane phil . mag  
progression of coronary artery calcification : a pilot study je maher lf bielak ja raz pf sheedy rs mayo clinic proceedings 1999.0 
1 995 ga abbink a samâ ?? cge demonstration model for  
undergraduate curriculum 2000 . a levine new directions for higher education 1989.0 
a novel approach for privacy-preserving video sharing j fan h luo ms hacid e bertino proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
a comparison of approaches to the evolution of homogeneous multi-robot teams m quinn   
a novel dna polymerase in the hyperthermophilic archaeon pyrococcus furiosus : gene cloning t uemori y sato i kato h doi y ishino genes to cells 1997.0 
investigation of the three-dimensional neutron field in the igr core ap vasilâ ?? ev nv gorin yz kandievâ ? ¦ at .  
a system for automatic personalized tracking of scientific literature on the web kd bollacker s lawrence cl giles   
how state regulatory agencies address privatization : the case of wastewater treatment jg heilman gw johnson new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
semi-structured data extraction from heterogeneous sources x gao l sterling   
swarni ( 1993 ) mining association rules between set of items in large databases i agrawal proc . of the acm sigmod conference of management of data  
special issue editorial k ramamohanarao the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
s3 : similarity search in cad database systems s berchtold hp kriegel   
user-level operating system extensions based on system call interposition a alexandrov  1999.0 
mineral paragenetic sequence of the lead-zinc-copper-cobalt-nickel ores of the southeast missouri rd hagni & hellip ; paragenesis : athens greece theophrastus publications sa  
electronic replacements for head-per-track drums or disks av pohm ieee computer  
measures of three levels of social support : resources behaviors and feelings a vaux unpublished manuscript  
define â ?? re-engineerâ ?? rl manganelli computerworld  
voltage collapse and transient energy function analyses of ac/dc systems ca canizares  1991.0 
a new multirate lq optimal regulator for linear time-invariant systems and its stability robustness kg arvanitis applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
recentering learning : an interdisciplinary approach to academic and student affairs r guarasci new directions for higher education 2001.0 
javascript 1.2 addison-wesley s mintert   
thematically organized social studies : a solution to the primary education dilemma . pull-out feature p nickell social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
examples of vlf emissions recorded in the auroral zone ( abstract only ) j manninen t turunen t turunen proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
ordinary people on an extraordinary adventure . s steiner social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
toward a theory of organizational creativity rw woodman je sawyer rw griffin the academy of management review 1993.0 
the effects of atmospheric turbulence on the interference of the direct and ground reflected waves v ostashev s clifford r lataitis p blanc-benon proc . 29th inter-noise nice  
chain : operator scheduling for memory minimization in data stream systems b babcock s babu m datar r motwani sigmod conference 2003.0 
mortality factors in a cyclic vole population k norrdahl e korpimaki proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
extendible hashing for concurrent operations and distributed data cs ellis proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
hepatic artery in liver transplantation s todo l makowka ag tzakis jw marsh jr fm transplant proc 1987.0 
kosower e. m nr intermediates acc . chem . res  
occupational infectious disease exposures in ems personnel e reed mr daya j jui k grellman l gerber mo journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
a vision driven automatic assembly unit : robust bin picking g bachler m berger r rohrer s scherer a pinz   
specifying and enforcing intertask dependencies pcamp singh a sheth m rusinkiewicz proc . of the 19th vldb dublin ireland  
preparing teachers for urban schools : lessons from thirty years of school reform . l weiner  1993.0 
blending finite-difference and vortex methods for incompressible flow simulations ml ould sahili gh cottet m el hamraoui   
modelling security policies in hypermedia and web-based applications p diaz i aedo f panetsos lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
mining assocation rules between sets of items in large datatabes acm sigmod r agrawal t imielinski a suami conference on management of data washington dc  
transition to adulthood in italy f ongaro transition to adulthood  
an index structure for efficient reverse nearest neighbor queries c yang ki lin   
self-monitoring as a determinant of self-disclosure reciprocity during the acquaintance process dr shaffer je smith m tomarelli journal of personality and social psychology  
welfare time limits : state policies implementation and effects on families . d bloom m farrell b fink  2002.0 
casinos hit jackpot with customer data k nash computerworld  
the yin and yang of progress in social psychology : seven koan wj mcguire journal of personality and social psychology 1973.0 
preliminary research findings gb teague c macias  1990.0 
electricity restructuring : deregulation or reregulation ? s borenstein j bushnell   
interventions for varicosities and leg oedema in pregnancy gl young d jewell cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
evaluation of the effectiveness of pingers to reduce incidental entanglement of harbor porpoise in a jl laake pj gearin me gosho rl delong md  
realm-based spatial data types : the rose algebra [ j ] r cuting m schnider vldb journal  
when choice is demotivating : can one desire too much of a good thing ? ss iyengar mr lepper journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
duplicate elimination in the advanced information managment prototype g saake v linnemann p pistor l wegner g int . conf . on vldb ( amsterdam  
a uniqueness result concerning a robust regularized least-squares solution ah sayed h chen submitted for  
formation of radiocative iodine emission at nuclear power plants with rbmk-1000 reactors vg kritskii ni ampelogova vi krupennikovaâ ? ¦ at .  
groupware : letâ ?? s work together l lindop t relph-knight k taylor a eager g pc magazine august  
marketers report high roi with paid listings d cotriss   
writing secure code 2nd ed. ser . best practices m howard d leblanc  2003.0 
a support for communication in software processes m amiour j estublier   
in press . '' keeping it living '' : indigenous plant management on the northwest coast d deur nj turner university of washington press seattle washington  
characterizing flows in large wireless data networks x meng s wong y yuan s lu proceedings of acm  
scheduling data transfers in networks with pre-emption ha choi sl hakimi proceedings of the 23rd allerton conference on communication  
correlates of adolescent pregnancy in la paz bolivia : findings from a quantitative-qualitative v lipovsek am karim ez gutierrez rj magnani adolescence-san diego - 2002.0 
deformation and fracture in amorphous solids ml falk  1998.0 
relational algebras logic and functional programming pav hall acm sigmod record 1984.0 
hessenberg and schur output normal pair representations a mullhaupt ks riedel submitted for  
school of library & information science n kwon  1987.0 
riverine acoustic sensors system ( rass ) demonstration rl smith tj walter mti 93tr38 report for nswc demonstration september  
meme tags and community mirrors : moving from conferences to collaboration r borovoy f martin s vemuri m resnick c   
crm 1 ( xpoi ) dependent nuclear export of the budding yeast transcription factor yap-1 is sensitive to s kuge t toda n iizuka a nomoto genes to cells 1998.0 
compiled by salley oberlin and joyce cox c yearbook  1989.0 
two major smad pathways in tgf-beta superfamily signalling k miyazawa m shinozaki t hara t furuya k genes to cells 2002.0 
the case for multi-tier camera sensor networks p kulkarni d ganesan p shenoy   
near-field investigations of the landers earthquake sequence k sieh l jones e hauksson k hudnut d eberhart - april to july  
parallel c functions for the alewife system . alewife memo 37 bh lim  1993.0 
predicting academic performance of college students in the united states and in estonia lw anderson international journal of educational research 2001.0 
removal of heavy metal ions and humic substances from water by ultrafiltration membranes m kabsch-korbutowicz t winnicki environment protection engineering 1995.0 
obstacle detection using a deformable model of vehicles s denasi g quaglia procs . ieee intelligent vehicles symposium  
programming application for microsoft windows j richer  1999.0 
the stress-producing working conditions of part-time faculty jm gappa new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
determining text databases to search in the internet kll weiyi meng c yu x war & nr yuhsi chang   
estimation of parameters in nonlinear distributed systems ht banks ka murphy proceedings of the 23rd conference on decision and control & hellip ;  
oz + : an object-oriented database system sp weiser fh lochovsky acm press frontier series 1989.0 
ramakrishnan r. livny m ( 1996 ) birch : an efficient data clustering method for very large database t zhang proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
hb hunt m '' processmg ccmjuncuve predwattes and quertes ' dj rosenknmtz m proc 6th internattonal vldb conference montreal canada & hellip ;  
getting the best from formal methods jb wordsworth information and software technology 1999.0 
constraints for the web a borning r lin k marriott   
training in east germany : an evaluation of the effects on employment and earnings b fitzenberger h prey unpublished manuscript  
high-end computing on shv workstations connected with high performance network lp huse h bugge   
particle image velocimetry measurement of in-cylinder flow in internal combustion enginesâ ?? y li h zhao z peng n ladommatos proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
shape & texture d ebert proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
laser light scattering 1academic b chu san diego  
measurement of the fission cross section ratios 223 th/235 u and 234 u/235 u in the neutron energy bi fursov ey baranov mp klemyshev bf samylin at .  
a survey of ems users at darcom . rr panko ru panko computer networks  
bluetooth-based sensor networks p bonnet a beaufour mb dydensborg m leopold acm sigmod record 2003.0 
on the possibility of causal analysis of geophysical processes sm korotaev geomagnetizm i aeronomiia 1992.0 
implementing deductive databases by linear programming c bell   
detailed data cited in a copper bullet for software quality improvement ieee computer february 2004 m blaha ieee computer 2004.0 
peter jones daphne comfort and david hillier p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
wave scattering from rough surfaces ag voronovich  1994.0 
the ecommerce revolution s steward j callaghan t rea bt technology journal 1999.0 
3-dimensional software modelling y gil s kent  1998.0 
umtsâ ?? the mobile part of broadband communications for the next century aj clapton nc lobley s dutnall mi dando p bt technology journal 1998.0 
teaching and learning about other countries : generic activities for any country . g decoker m roche social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
a numerical comparison of 2d resistivity imaging with eight electrode arrays t dahlin z bing procs . eegsâ ?? 01 birmingham  
amoebic liver abscess op kapoor   
generation of neo-tendon using synthetic polymers seeded with tenocytes y cao jp vacanti x ma kt paige transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
the usenet cookbook - an experiment in electronic publishing bk reid   
an adaptive automated web browsing ( tech report sidl-wp-1995-0023 ym balbanovic y yun technical report dept. of computer science stanford university  
web-based casinos are beating the odds k nash   
integrity considerations for secure computer systems the mltre corp. report no . mtr-3153 revision kj biba technical report esd-tr-76-372 bedford massachusetts april  
evidence and possible causes w traffic proc . acm  
standards in practice grades k-2 lk crafton   
closure of the nuclear fuel cycle : valence of actinides and safety vm poplavskii vi matveev ns rabotnov at .  
gadolinium-enhanced mri in central nervous system behã § et 's disease e erdem r carlier abc idir po masnou a neuroradiology 1993.0 
a new statistical approach to timing analysis of vlsi circuits rb lin mc wu   
an empirical analysis of information sytems changes j heales proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1995.0 
where angels fear to tread and why ra berk new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
management of technology ivâ ?? the creation of wealth t khalil b bayraktar & hellip ; of the fourth international conference on management of & hellip ;  
the distributed sediment budget model and watershed management in the paleozoic plateau of the upper sw trimble physical geography  
lactate production under fully aerobic conditions : the lactate shuttle during rest and exercise ga brooks fed proc 1986.0 
energy saving and capacity improvement potential of power control in multi-hop wireless networks j monks jp ebert wmw hwu a wolisz computer networks 2003.0 
transputer control of a puma 560 robot via the virtual bus rw daniel   
over half of the women on public assistance in washington reported physical and sexual abuse as p roper g weeks seattle : washington state institute for public policy  
disaster could endanger chip industry . p kallender electronic news  
extreme divergence of mitochondrial dna within species of pulmonate land snails d thomaz a guiller b clarke proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
power-aware virtual base stations for wireless mobile ad hoc communications a safwat h hassanein h mouftah computer networks 2003.0 
pricing patterns in the online cd market : an empirical study ff tang electronic markets 2001.0 
business networking in the swatch group r alt electronic markets 1999.0 
department of agricultural and resource economics 2200 symons hall university of maryland college plj olson   
palomar adaptive optics project : status and performance proc . spie   
smith . bl ( 1990 ) . learning communities : building connections among disciplines students and faculty f gabelnick j macgregor r matthews new directions in teaching and  
scope grope a laplante computerworld  
on methods for efficient pyramid construction c knudsen hi christensen procs . of 7th scandinavian conference on image  
conflicting expertise and uncertainty : quality assurance in high-level radioactive waste management mr fitzgerald as mccabe new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
kenny lynch p geographer t geography   
apply data mining techniques to a health insurance information system m viveros j nerahos m rothman   
practical data-swapping : the first steps sp reiss acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 
on the destructive mechanical effects of the gas bubbles liberated by the passage of intense sound fd smith phil . mag  
algorithm 432 : solution of the matrix equation ax + xb = c rh bartels gw stewart comm . acm  
and j. yu . client-server paradise dj dewitt n kabra j luo jm pate proceedings ofthe twentieth international conference on vey & hellip ;  
syghronec oikonomikec skeqeic twn arhaiwn ellunwn ( contemporary economic thoughts of ancient greeks ) a kanelopoulos  1996.0 
loop fusion for clustered vliw architectures y qian s carr p sweany   
asymptotic analysis for a two-scales penalization method in fluid dynamics g carbou   
an exact algorithm for the min-interference frequency assignment problem v maniezzo r montemanni submitted for publication 1999.0 
e cient fair queueing using de cit round robin m shreedhar g varghese proceedings of acm sigcomm 1995.0 
business must fill educational gap j akers computerworld  
ignition and extinction of homogeneousâ ?? heterogeneous combustion : ch 4 and c 3 h 8 oxidation on pt x song wr williams ld schmidt r aris proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on & hellip ;  
qc-trees : an efficient summary structure for semantic olap . lvs lakshmanan j pei y zhao sigmod conference 2003.0 
contemporary american fiction : harvey swados and leslie fiedler h feinstein wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
the notre dame long-range plan . to ` meara new directions for higher education 1984.0 
wright . pg infared photometric measurement of the saturation temperature and supersaturation q guangfeng proc . int . soc . sugar cane technol. 21st congress . march  
handling summary information in a database denvability h sato proc acm  
investigation of interfacial segregation in steels using multivariate analysis of edx spectra jm titchmarsh s dumbill ia vatter proc 29th annual conf . mas  
management information systems towards the new economy : the new digital enterprise sp anastasiades alfa scientific books editions athens greece  
the implication problem for inclusion dependencies : a graph approach r missaoui r godin acm sigmod record 1990.0 
the complexity-extremity effect and age-based stereotyping pw linville journal of personality and social psychology  
dessis-ise ag ise zurich switzerland  
the fluoroquinolones rc walker mayo clinic proceedings 1999.0 
evaluation of probabilistic queries over imprecise data in constantly-evolving environments r cheng dv kalashnikov s prabhakar   
the onset of solar cycle 23 at 1 au and at 70 au fb mcdonald n lal re mcguire proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf 1999.0 
interactive voice facsimile and touchtone dialogues ba cross bt technology journal 1994.0 
refining top-k selection queries based on user feedback k chakrabarti k porkaew s mehrotra vldb 2000.0 
motivated inference : self-serving generation and evaluation of causal theories z kunda journal of personality and social psychology  
virtual try-on in a department store b spanlang t vassilev bf buxton eurasia tex athens greece november  
cleâ $ ment n. and coujou a. 1999 m jouiad f pettinari phil .  
calculation procedures for differential propagation phase shift ea mueller & hellip ; on radar meteorology zurich switzerland amer . meteor . soc  
andez and d. suciu . storing semistructured data with stored a deutsch m fern & hellip ; of the acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
greedy iterative multiuser detection for turbo coded multiuser communications b vojcic a alrustamani a damnjanovic proc . int . conf .  
threading stories and generating topic structures in news videos across different sources x wu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
programmable mobile networks at campbell me kounavis rrf liao computer networks 1999.0 
engineering of expert systems . ls de jong information and software technology 1988.0 
a protection relay for generator stator windings x yin p crossley proc . 29th univ. power eng .  
microsoft sql server 7.0 performance tuning guide h lau   
moderators of self-other agreement : reconsidering temporal stability in personality jc biesanz sg west wg graziano journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
configurable processors for embedded computing n dutt k choi   
an orthogonally persistent java tm mp atkinson mj jordan t printezis s spence sigmod record 1996.0 
material flows analysis for france g chabannes  1998.0 
noaa air resources laboratory : silver spring rr draxler gd rolph md  
overcoming the challenges in deploying user provisioning/identity access management backbone m becker m drew bt technology journal 2005.0 
enterprise integration technologiesâ ?? what is it and what can it do for me ? s vodicka nc cary   
role of protege personality in receipt of mentoring and career success db turban tw dougherty the academy of management journal 1994.0 
report on the first international conference on ontologies databases and applications of semantics k aberer acm sigmod record 2003.0 
schemasql { a language for querying and restructuring multidatabase systems . in proc . ieee int . conf . lvs lakshmanan f sadri in subramanian bombay india september  
let 's interface j salemi pc magazine june  
quality assurance for welding of japanese welded beam-to-column connections m nakashima procs . of third inter . conf . on behavior of steel struct . in & hellip ;  
method to estimate parameter values in software prediction models y miyazaki a takanou h nozaki n nakagawa k information and software technology 1991.0 
extending database relations to capture more meaning e codd acm-tods dec  
using classroom assessment to change both learning and teaching m steadman new directions for teaching and learning  
admissible orders and linear forms portal.acm.org   
defining data types in a database language cj date acm sigmod record 1988.0 
environmental evangelist j kador electronic business  
data reliability ( error detection codes for digital transmission ) sg powers & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
an evening with berferd in which a cracker is lured endured and studied b cheswick usenix proceedings jan 1990.0 
tbag : a high-level fast-turnaround 3d animation system c elliott g schechter r yeung s abi-ezzi proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 94  
missing information ( applicable and non-applicable ) in relational databases ef codd acm sigmod rec  
f. d'ovidio e. gummati and gr seem '' analysis and evaluation of a neural network performing m alderighi expert systems and neuralnetworks zurich switzerland july  
â ?? implementation of views and integrity control by query modification m stonebraker proc . 1975 acm-sigmod conference on management of data san & hellip ;  
analytical description of spatial patterns . a getis jhp paelinck submitted for publication  
maintenance of association rules : when to update sd lee d cheung proc . of sigmod workshop on research issues in data mining & hellip ;  
switching osmolyte strategies : response of methanococcus thermolithotrophicus to changes in external ra ciulla dd martin pm robinson mf roberts submitted for  
query optimization in the presence of limited access patterns a levy i manolesu d suciu d florescu proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
database and information systems research database and information systems research for semantic web a sheth r meersman   
agricultural geography and the political economy approach : a review t marsden r munton n ward s whatmore economic geography 1996.0 
fa and tanca l. ( 2004 ) : a contextaware methodology for very small data base design cs bolchini sigmod  
h. piiahesh â ?? extensible query processing in starburstâ ?? l haas jc freytag gm lohrnan proceedings of the 1989 sigmod conference may  
locking primitives in a database system hf korth journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1983.0 
analyzing the max 2-sat and max di-cut approximation algorithms of feige and goemans u zwick submitted for publication 2000.0 
modification of the k-sads-p cg last unpublished manuscript  
trust-based collaborative filtering j weng c miao a goh d li   
processing time-constrained aggregate queries in case-db wc hou g ozsoyoglu acm transactions on database systems 1993.0 
trainees ` attributes and attitudes : neglected influences on training effectiveness ra noe the academy of management review 1986.0 
singular limit for the minimization of ginzburg-landau functionals f bethuel h brezis f helein cras i-math  
querying text databases for efficient information extraction e agichtein l gravano   
applied mathematical demography n keyfitz   
edwards user wins arbitration case against erp vendor mjd songini   
mathematics teacher belief system : exploring the social foundation p gates proceedings of the 25 thconference of the international & hellip ;  
icame conference ( rio de janeiro ) 1997 hyperfine interact f varretâ ? ¦  1998.0 
foreword fmh schek the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
illumination and color in computer generated imagery r hall  1988.0 
t. : power browser : efficient web browsing for pdas o buyukokten hg molina aw paepcke technical report stanford university stanford  
a web odyssey : from codd to xml v vianu   
analyst : marketing should lead web teams . m wagner computerworld  
open channel flow fm henderson   
the mills college tuition-freeze experiment . ml rothman new directions for higher education 1995.0 
inear operators part ii interscience n dunford j schwartz new york  
lipschitz maps on trees s todorcevic   
thyroid and adrenal dysfunction in abstinent alcoholic men : locus of disturbance pt loosen b chambliss n ekhator d burns neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
limitations of the microsphere technique to fractionate intestinal blood flow ap shepherd lc maxwell ed jacobson see ref  
a national-scale authentication infrastructure rb von welch d engert i foster s tuecke j ieee computer  
techniques for application software maintenance n gorla information and software technology 1991.0 
bearing capacities of the steel pipe piles subjected the plastic loading histories by the strong t matsuda h akiyama m kobayashi proceedings of the 25 thjsce earthquake engineering & hellip ;  
prowgen : a synthetic workload generation tool for simulation evaluation of web proxy caches m busari c williamson computer networks 2002.0 
mining optimized association rules for numeric attributes j han y fu vldb proceedings  
polynomial schauder bases for câ ? ã ? 1 ; 1â ? with chebycheâ ? orthogonality r girgensohn   
bounded concurrent time-stamps are constructible d dolev n shavit proc . acm stoc  
stratego : a language for program transformation based on rewriting strategies ( system description of e visser lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
access network life-cycle costs pi bell jp trigger bt technology journal 1998.0 
sequencing problems with series-parallel precedence constraints el lawler unpublished manuscript  
billboard clouds for extreme model simplification x dã © coret f durand fx sillion j dorsey acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 2003.0 
automatic presentations of structures b khoussainov a nerode lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
misconceptions about real-time transactions : a serious problem for next generation systems j stankovic ieee computer  
resistance of citrus plants to bacterial canker disease m koizumi proc . int . soc . citriculture  
wp moljk a. and scobie j. 1956 rwp drever phil . mag  
47 ( cd-rom c2000 by intellectual reserve inc. ) '' us census h county d kentucky  1880.0 
green assessment of multi-product based on concordance analysis y yinsheng l hongwei t jin proceedings of 2001 international conference on management  
trans-bis ( acetylacetonato . o o ' ) ( 3-methyl-pyridine-n ) nitrocobalt ( ili ) a cryst acc . chem .  
modeling time-based media s gibbs c breiteneder d tsichritzis the handbook of multimedia information management table of & hellip ; 1997.0 
on database integration over intelligent networks naphtali rishe jun yuan jinyu meng shu-ching n rishe   
i. floyd ra 1984b z nagy & hellip ; spin resonance spectroscopic demonstration of the hydroxyl  
5m bill to mend wobbly millennium bridge c davies  2000.0 
thã © mis : a database programming language with integrity constraints . acms anthology   
ig v gene mutation status and cd38 expression as novel prognostic indicators in chronic lymphocytic rn damle t wasil f fais f ghiotto a valetto blood-new york - 1999.0 
variations in the concentrations of pu-239 240 in children 's teeth removed for orthodontic purposes sc long pi mitchell tp ryan nd priest proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the european & hellip ;  
numerical modelling of 1d arterial networks coupled with a lumped parameter description of the heart l formaggia d lamponi m tuveri a veneziani   
ida : an intelligent data access program d sagalowicz vldb  
the black-scholes option pricing problem in mathematical finance : generalization and extension to a jp bouchaud d sornette journal de physique i  
state evaluation in a legislative environment : adapting evaluation to legislative needs jr brown new directions for program evaluation  
alcohol drug abuse and mental health services administration : rockville sw gust jm walsh md  
an object-oriented application development environment m ganti p goyal r nassif s podar   
encapsulation of parallelism in the volcano processing systems g graefe proc . 1990 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
an introduction to microsoft hailstorm buc experiences  2001.0 
power in your pocket a hickman pc magazine online  
characteristics of the instrumental precipitation records during the last 220 years in seoul korea hs jung gh lim jh oh   
p. keleh er h. lu r. rajamony w. yu and w. zaenepoel . treadmarks : shared memory computing on c amza al cox s dwarkadas ieee computer  
comic d1 . 1 issues of supporting organisational context in cscw systems b liam s kjel  1993.0 
mulvey and perkins d danielâ ? ¦ phil . mag  
bergey 's manual of systematic bacteriology vol 1 . williams & wilkens baltimore nr krieg jg holt md  
adaptive rate control in high-speed networks : performance issues m abdelaziz i stavrakakis computer networks 2001.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?view maintenance in a warehousing environment ã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc y zhuge h garcia-molina j hammer j widom acm sigmod  
ring satellite interaction in planetary rings ( abstract only ) j hanninen h salo j lukkari proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
on the motion of electricity in wires g kirchhoff phil . mag  
forced and mutual synchronization of chaos vs anishchenko te vadivasova de postnov ma radiotekhnika i elektronika 1991.0 
software-assisted cache replacement and prefetch pollution control p jain s devadas   
the past present and future of web services u ogbuji   
the query by image content ( qbic ) system j ashley m flickner j hafner d lee w niblack proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
new data on the winter ecology of the polar bear ( ursus maritimus ) on wrangel island sm uspenski aa kistchinski international conference on bear research and management  
the hidden subgroup problem and eigenvalue estimation on a quantum computer m mosca a ekert lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
propositional attitudes commonsense reasoning and metaphor ja barnden procs . 10th annual conference of the cognitive science & hellip ;  
urban renewal in birmingham : an interim report mb steadman pa wood geography  
real-time transaction scheduling : a cost conscious approach d hong t johnson s chakravarthy   
a. past tense forms of the verb be in the dialect of cambridgeshire al ojanen unpublished  
testing containment of coqiunctive queries under functional and inclusion dependencies ds ijkl johnson a kiug proc . first acm sigaci-sigmod conf . on principles of  
photothermal in v estigations of solids and fluids jr barker bm toselli academic san diego  
global functioning within a system of care for youths with serious emotional disturbance : a closer mp bates  1999.0 
database management for life sciences research hv jagadish f olken sigmod record 2004.0 
pz nets a formal method integrating petri nets with z. x he information & software technology 2001.0 
the virtual microscope university of maryland at college park college park r ferreira b moon j humphries a sussman j md  
the anti-il-2 receptor monoclonal antibody yth-906 in liver transplantation pj friend h waldmann s cobbold h tighe p transplant proc 1991.0 
drs : a workstation-based document recognition system for text entry t amano a yamashita n itoh y kobayashi s katoh   
large-scale data bases : who produces them how to obtain them what they contain de myers rc rockwell new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
the impact of developer responsiveness on perceptions of usefulness and ease of use : an extension of d gefen m keil acm sigmis database 1998.0 
adaptive performance management for umts networks c lindemann m lohmann a thã 1/4 mmler computer networks 2002.0 
icp determination of sulfur in polymeric materials g dipasquale b casetta at . spectrosc  
angiotensin ii as a renal growth factor g wolf contributions to nephrology 2001.0 
creativity divergent thinking and openness to experience rr mccrae journal of personality and social psychology  
cantecleer kunstgeschiedenis f baumgart   
web modelling ( webml ) : a modelling language for designing web sites s ceri p fraternali a bongio computer networks  
essentials of business environment 2nd k aswathappa  1991.0 
on some principles of grammaticization pj hopper approaches to grammaticalization 1991.0 
79 of downward departures were requested by the government including both substantial assistance fy in  2001.0 
hashing and trie algorithms for partial match retrieval wa burkhard acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
toward the scalable integration of internet information sources j kang  2003.0 
toward the construction of customer interfaces for cyber shopping malls-hci research for electronic j kim   
coordination in software agent systems hs nwana l lee nr jennings bt technology journal 1996.0 
extendible hashing for concurrent operatmns and d ~ strlbuted data cs elhs  1982.0 
learning localized heuristics in batch scheduling r matthew lispe technical report department of chemical engineering  
the bess object storage manager : architecture overview a biliris e panagos sigmod record 1996.0 
learning golf under different goal conditions : their effects on irrelevant thoughts and subsequent e thill f cury d bryche   
the effective of gloss for the text database discovery problem hgoms luisgravano a tomasic proc . of the acm sigmod conference acm sigmod record  
a. swami ( 1993 ) . '' mining associations between sets of items in massive databases r agrawal t imielinski & hellip ; international conference on management of data washington  
summary cache : a scalable wide-area web cache sharing protocol j almeida a broder p cao l fan proc . of acm sigcomm  
ode ( object database and environment ) : the language and the data model r agrawal nh gehani   
active cabin noise control cf ross mrj purver proc . active97  
an efficient clustering-based heuristic for data gathering and aggregation in sensor networks k dasgupta k kalpakis p namjoshi   
placebo interventions for all clinical conditions a hrobjartsson pc gotzsche cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
utility of co-operating web proxy caches p krishnan b sugla www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
learning how to understand language r pieraccini e levin e vidal proc . eurospeech  
the distribution of obligations by negotiation among autonomous agents g boella l van der torre  2004.0 
ins and outs of choosing a consultant . s rich computerworld. 1982.0 
mood effects on person-perception judgments jp forgas gh bower journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
w. mckenna and g. graefe expersiences building the opern oodb query optimizer j balkeley proc . acm sigmod  
368 pp . $ 34.95 r press  2004.0 
ieee 754 : an iinterview with william kahan c severance ieee  
tornadoâ ?? a global-scale peer-to-peer storage infrastructure hc hsiao ct king submitted for  
determination of bone density in dental implantology by automatic subtraction of digital free { hand t lehmann w schmitt   
a competitive edge in collaborative work ; project management tool uses web-based collaboration to ah johnson   
origin of the incommensurate phase of quartz : ii . interpretation of inelastic neutron scattering m vallade b berge g dolino j. phys . i france 1992.0 
an approximation algorithm for finding a long path in hamiltonian graphs s vishwanathan   
transaction protection by beacons ; aiken computation laboratory harvard university cambridge mo rabin massachusetts 02138 technical report tr-29-81 november  
current results and new developments of coronary angiography with use of contrast-enhanced computed tc gerber rs kuzo n karstaedt ge lane rl morin mayo clinic proceedings 2002.0 
the multivariate least trimmed squares estimator j agullo c croux s van aelst submitted for  
four decades of service 1951-1991 mg smith   
zonisamide add-on for drugresistant partial epilepsy dw chadwick ag marson cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
13th conf . on plasma surface interactions ( san diego 1998 ) j. nucl . mater aw leonardâ ? ¦  1998.0 
the paradox of success : an archival and a laboratory study of strategic persistence following pg audia ea locke kg smith   
donâ ?? t be lazy be consistent b kemme g alonso  2000.0 
speaking her mind : adult learning and women 's adult development . k taylor new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
implementation of an outdoor far-field measurement system at irctr p aubry p hakkaart jh zijderveld lp ligthart proc . 28th european microwave conf  
temporal coalescing with now granularity and incomplete information ce dyreson sigmod conference 2003.0 
neonatal jaundice and erythrocyte acid phosphatase phenotype e bottini r scacchi f gloria-bottini j mortera lancet i  
goldman-segal â ?? capturingstoriesinorganizationalmemorysystems : theroleof multimedia â ?? vs raoandr proc . 28th annual hawaii int . conf . on systems science  
on pointed minima in the interfacial energy of bicrystal systems jc du plessis jh van der merwe phil . mag  
encapsulation-an issue for legacy systems b cordingley h dai bt technology journal 1993.0 
user modeling and adaptive navigation support in www-based tutoring systems g weber m specht courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ; 1997.0 
on rotation of the plane of polarization by reflection from the pole of a magnet j kerr phil . mag  
under-ice hydrodynamics at tioga lake pa ks lee ra bank water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
db : web services policy framework ( ws-policy ) s bajajâ ? ¦ technical report bea systems ibm microsoft sap ag sonic  
lisp machine manual d weinreb d moon acm sigart bulletin 1981.0 
phase ii study of 5â cents - deoxy-5-fluorouridine ( 5â cents - dfur ) in patients with malignant cancerâ ?? a multi - h niitani k kimura t saito i nakao o abe i gan to kagaku ryoho 1985.0 
portal page bonanza zd publishing pc magazine  
koniag prehistory dw clark  1968.0 
generalized adaptive estimation for econometric and financial models d steigerwald   
azh ( astron . rep. ) vg kornilov aa tokovinin  2000.0 
the new zealand digital library : collections and experience ih witten r mcnab   
identifying and extracting relations in text r byrd y ravin proceedings of nldb 1998.0 
privacy-enhancing k-anonymization of customer data s zhong z yang rn wright   
repellents reduce insecticidal kills of honeybees el atkins proc . 28th int . congr . apic. bucharest  
an efficient algorithm for mining association rules in large databases ase omiecinski s navathe i > proc . 21st int &#39; l conf . very large data bases < / i > morgan & hellip ;  
spline smoothing on surfaces ( preprint ) t duchamp w stuetzle proceedings of acm siggraph  
an annotated bibliography on active databases ( short version ) u jaeger jc freytag sigmod-record 1995.0 
maps and cognitive maps : the young childâ ?? s perception sj catling geography  
geometrische beweise mit dem pc a engel proceedings of derive days d usseldorf  
the mass of the black hole in a0620-00 t shahbaz t naylor pa charles aip conference proceedings 1994.0 
imaging of turbulent mixing by laser induced fluorescence and its application to velocity and s deusch  1998.0 
developing a wnss based on j2ee architecture yj li w shang yq feng proceedings of 2002 international conference on management & hellip ;  
maintenance of implication integrity constraints under updates to constraints ns ishakbeyoglu zm ozsoyoglu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
gral : an extensible relational database system for geometric applications rh giiting   
protecting the self from the negative consequences of risky decisions ra josephs rp larrick cm steele re nisbett journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
j. and muntz rr 1997 . sting : a statistical information grid approach to spatial data mining wy wang proc . int . conf . very large databases  
towards a new multimedia synchronization mechanism and its formal definition jp courtiat rc de oliveira lfr da costa carmo proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
etal. prospector : a content-based multimedia object server for massively parallel architectures woâ ?? connell it ieong d schrader proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
handbook of capillary electrophoresis jp landers  1997.0 
structural studies on cytoskeletal proteins cmbl.org.pl   
a translation approach to portable ontology specifications knowledge systems laboratory tr gruber stanford university technical report ksl 92-71 http://www-ksl .  
community on-line : new professional environments for higher education t di petta new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
teaching with historical novels a four step approach j smith d dobson social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
outcomes of dietitian involvement with leukemia patients receiving total parenteral nutrition c mattson  2002.0 
distributed processes : a concurrent programming concept comm p brinch-hansen   
how musical is man ( p. 111 ) j blacking  1973.0 
universal standardization of bone density measurements : a method with optimal properties sl hui s gao xh zhou cc johnston y lu cc  1996.0 
assessing prepulse inhibition of startle in wild-type and knockout mice ma geyer psychopharmacology 1999.0 
the virtual squadrons of fightertown d kinney acm press siggraph series 1998.0 
similar and differential behaviour between the nectin-afadin-ponsin and cadherin-catenin systems t asakura h nakanishi t sakisaka k takahashi k genes to cells 1999.0 
further observations on the usefulness of the sonographic murphy sign in the evaluation of suspected r bree journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
adding relevance to xml . a theobald g weikum webdb ( informal proceedings ) 2000.0 
stabcol : graph isomorphism testing using the wl-algorithm l babel s baumann m ludecke g tinhofer technical university of munich  
knowledge sharing project overview r fikes m cutkosky t gruber j van baalen  1991.0 
defective e-cadherin/catenin complexes in human cancer e van aken o de wever as correia da rocha m virchows archiv 2001.0 
formula milk versus term human milk for feeding preterm or low birth weight infants w mcguire my anthony cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
measuring organizational is effectiveness : an overview and update of senior management perspectives pb seddon v graeser lp willcocks acm sigmis database 2002.0 
final evaluation of the harbinger program as a demonstration project r mulder unpublished manuscript  
inside ole . microsoft programming series k brockschmidt microsoft  
com programming with microsoft . net j templeman jp mueller  2003.0 
are a voluntary organisation with local schemes throughout the uk which provide support friendship uk homestart contact  
efficient backprop y lecun l bottou gb orr kr mueller lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
j. non-crystalline solids 33 411 ; 1980 os panwar m radhakrishna kk srivastava kn phil . mag  
scanning electrochemical microscopy of a porous membrane aj bard g denuault c leeâ ? ¦ acc . chem . res  
breaking up the internet logjam j dvorak pc magazine  
it changes hit supply chains ml songini computerworld  
from chromosomal aberrations to genes : linking the cytogenetic and sequence maps of the human genome vg cheungâ ? ¦   
case study : factors for early prediction of software development success jd procaccino jm verner sp overmyer me darter information & software technology  
weedy plant species and their beneficial arthropods : potential for manipulation in field crops w nentwig see ref  
beryllium doping of inp grown by gas-source molecular beam epitaxy ( abstract only ) t hakkarainen k rakennus k tappura m hovinen m oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
databases in virtual organizations : a collective interview and call for researchers m winslett sigmod record 2005.0 
java and relational databases g clossman p shaw m hapner j klein r proceedings of 1998 acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
identification of the immunodominant hla-a * 02.01 restricted ctl responses in hiv infection : strong c brander ke hartman ak trocha nd jones s he  1996.0 
application of wavelet packets algorithm to diesel engines ' vibroacoustic signature extraction j zou j chen zm geng proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
a predicate-based caching scheme for client-server database architectures am keller j basu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
cyclosporin as an oral corticosteroid sparing agent in stable asthma dj evans p cullinan dm geddes cochrane database syst . rev 2001.0 
toward a descriptive stakeholder theory : an organizational life cycle approach im jawahar gl mclaughlin academy of management review 2001.0 
physiology of olivocochlear efferents jj guinan springer handbook of auditory research 1996.0 
routing : on using the ad hoc network model in cellular packet data networks hy hsieh r sivakumar proc . acm mobihoc  
when financial incentives encourage work : complete eighteen-month findings from the self-sufficiency w lin pk robins d card k harknett s lui-gurr september . ottawa : social research and demonstration & hellip ;  
relationships as natural categories c sedikides n olsen ht reis journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
grading student performance in real-world settings pa scanlon mp ford new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
3xnf : redundancy eliminating xml storage in relations y chen sb davidson y zheng submitted for  
cacao and the economic integration of native society in colonial soconusco new spain jl gasco  1992.0 
the representative design of person-situation research la pervin personality at  
the importance of credit information and credit scoring for small business lending decisions a jennings proceedings from the global conference on credit scoring 2001.0 
declarative data cleaning : model language and algorithms h galhardas d florescu d sasha e simon ca proc . vldb  
location information from the cellular networkâ ?? an overview w millar bt technology journal 2003.0 
afzaal 5 speir p pergantis sa thomas-oates j ej anal r pickford m miguens-rodriguez at . spectrom  
male circumcision for prevention of heterosexual acquisition of hiv in men n siegfried m muller j volmink j deeks m egger cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
realizing a temporal complex-object data model portal.acm.org   
arck-jones and sj young . openvocabulary speech indexing for voice and video mail retrieval mg brown jt foote proc . acm  
success acts for managers wm williams rj sternberg unpublished manuscript  
neill and g. graefe . multi-table joins through bitmapped join indexes p oã cents sigmod record  
plan-per-tuple optimization solutionâ ?? parallel execution of user defined functions f carino woâ ?? connell proceedings of the vldb conf  
design and evaluation of incremental data structures and algorithms for dynamic query interfaces r beigel b shneiderman   
justification of gis as an infrastructure investment-some observations regarding gis management in to chan ip williamson   
the design and evaluation of web based multimedia learning resources t boyle l payne procs . of the seventh annual conference on the teaching of & hellip ;  
formal description of realtime systems : a review . m joseph a goswami information and software technology 1989.0 
the asymptotic number of outerplanar graphs m bodirsky m kang   
second-class academics : chicano/latino faculty in us universities h garza new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
recommended setbacks from active normal faults j mccalpin proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on engineering & hellip ;  
lazy theorem proving for bounded model checking over infinite domains l de moura h ruess m sorea lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
arbitrary rectilinear block packing based on sequence pair mz kang wwm dai proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
the kdb-tree a search structure for large multldlmenslonal dynamic indexes jt robmsonsla robinson proc acmsigmod pp l & 18  
paradox lost ? firm-level evidence on the returns to information systems spending e brynjolfsson l hitt management science 1996.0 
institutions matter : campus teaching environments ' impact on senior faculty mw lacelle-peterson mj finkelstein new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
carbon dioxide disposal from power stations ieaggrd programme   
patterns of solar proton events over four solar cycles ma shea df smart proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf 1999.0 
fast similarity search in the presence of noise scaling and translation in time-series databases r agrawal ki lin hs sawhney k shim vldb 1995.0 
environmental concentrations of some of the major inorganic pollutants at the barc site trombay pk zutshi r sequeira tn mahadevan t banerjee  1969.0 
antagonistic and agonistic effects of an extracellular fragment of nectin on formation of e-cadherin t honda k shimizu t kawakatsu m yasumi t genes to cells 2003.0 
commit processing in distributed secure and real-time transaction processing systems pk nagaraj  1998.0 
play it again : a study of the factors underlying speech browsing behavior s whittaker j hirschberg c nakatani proceedings of acm chi 1998.0 
safety considerations in retailing hydrogen jl alcock rf cracknell jj rowson lc shirvill a world hydrogen energy conference montreal canada june  
acrophile : an automated acronym extractor and server ls larkey p ogilvie ma price b tamilio   
optimization of loops for dynamic datafiow machines . master 's thesis bs ang  1992.0 
leukotrienes : their formation and role as inflammatory mediators aw ford-hutchinson fed proc 1985.0 
the current state of edi in greece gi doukidis a fragopoulou j anagnostopoulos 1st greek edi conference athens greece november  
linking school and work for disadvantaged youths : the yiepp demonstration : final implementation wa diaz  1982.0 
what 's the meaning of this ? rl kay   
a very elementary presentation of the hannenhalli-pevzner theory a bergeron lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
spire : a progressive content-based spatial image retrieval engine cs li ld bergman yc chang v castelli jr smith sigmod record 2000.0 
space-filling curves h sagan  1994.0 
synthetic gene transfer vectors . 1993 jp behr acc . chem .  
maximal objects and the semantics of universal relation databases d maier jd ullman acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
skip navigator department chair : jonathan mark kenoyer fs list  1999.0 
the need for liberal education gk davies new directions for higher education 1994.0 
a transducer-based xml query processor p mukhopadhyay y papakonstantinou vldb 2002.0 
parentsâ ?? perception and knowledge level of transition services and programming needs sc fox  2001.0 
neuroleptic malignant syndrome associated with olanzapine therapy : a case report sc stanfield t privette journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
query caching and optimization in distributed mediator systems proceedings of acm sigmod s adali ks candan y papakonstantinou vs montreal canada june  
identification and estimation of the triangular simultaneous equations model in the absence of r klein f vella  2003.0 
contract manufacturers aloof toward rivals ? b levine electronic news  
analyse und synthese nichtlinearer regelungssysteme mittels dierentialalgebra t wey f svaricek automatisierungstechnik-at  
zwischenbericht zum forschungsbericht â ?? kã ¶ rpererleben in tonrã $ umenâ ?? p wiedemann r beckner b fliegener f janofske berlin technical university  
microsoft exchange server 2003 wr stanek  2004.0 
archaeological survey of mossyrock reservoir . ws dancey  1969.0 
smoothed analysis of algorithms : why the simplex algorithm usually takes polynomial time da spielman sh teng journal-acm 2004.0 
epidemic carbon monoxide poisoning following a winter storm pm houck nb hampson journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
a compilation-based software estimation scheme for hardware/software co-simulation m lajolo m lazarescu a sangiovanni-vincentelli   
whitesâ ?? opposition to busing : symbolic racism or realistic group conflict l bobo journal of personality and social psychology  
a 28 ghz gyrotron with a permanent magnet system for industry applications h asano k kikunaga k hemmi f sato t tsukamoto proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves & hellip ;  
the office of the future : a unified approach to image-based modeling r raskar g welch m cutts a lake l stesin h proceedings of acm sigraph  
alan l. cox sandhya dwarkadas pete keleher honghui lu ramakrishnan rajamony weimin yu and c amza ieee computer  
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries . extended version g gottlob c koch r pichler proc . of the 28th international conference on very large & hellip ;  
technology alone no match for security risks s van dijk computerworld  
guarding the data warehouse gate d radcliff computerworld  
high temperature corrosion gc wood fh stott proc . int . conf . nace-6  
the nu ( sub 4 ) and nu ( sub 7 ) bands of cd 3 cn with coriolis coupling and other resonance m koivusaari r anttila proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
succinct descriptions of regular languages with binaryâ ?? - nfas l van zijl   
teacher expectations : self-fulfilling prophecies perceptual biases and accuracy l jussim journal of personality and social psychology  
media gallery tvâ ?? view and shop your photos on interactive digital television s thieme a scherp m albrecht s boll proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
the presentation of tetanus in an emergency department-tetanus so henderson t mody de groth jj moore e newton journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
physics 133 lectures : winter quarter s peale university of california santa barbara  
detection of chlamydia by dna hybridization with a native chlamydial plasmid probe s kahane i sarov submitted for publication  
meeting the market for quality evaluation in education a ginsburg new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
surface reconstruction from unorganized point clouds h hoppe t derose t duchamp j mcdonald w proc . of acm siggraph  
disk shadowing j gray   
the growth habits and surface structure of ice crystals bj mason gw bryant ap van den heuvel phil . mag  
an investigation of age and gender differences in physical self-concept among turkish late adolescence-san diego - 2002  2002.0 
keynote address t bailey women in aviation international conference reno nv march  
gamma-a high performance backend database machine d dewi dewittâ ? ¦ proc . 12th vldb co @ . kyoto japan aug  
resources for outreach and recruitment . ce johns new directions for higher education 1975.0 
performance evaluation of a relational associative processor ea ozkarahan sa schuster kc sevcik acm transactions on database systems 1977.0 
seminar on deaf-blindness for interpreters for the deaf hc anderson a project report on demonstration and training of & hellip ;  
epese composite measures and other commonly used measures : description and documentation of original r landerman unpublished manuscript  
space-bounded quantum computation jh watrous  1998.0 
ten steps to a secure wireless network k karagiannis pc magazine  
wavelet packet modelling of infant sleep state using heart rate data gp nason t sapatinas a sawczenko submitted for publication 1999.0 
infoharness : a system for search and retrieval of heterogeneous information l shklar a sheth v kashyap s thatte sigmod conference 1995.0 
information technology implementation research : a technological diffusion approach rb cooper rw zmud management science 1990.0 
electrical resistivity of molten iron rw powell phil . mag  
k. and knox . s. ( 1990 ) contextual design : an emergent view of system design dh wixon proceedings of acm sigchi conference  
geometric control and calibration method of an industrial robot b schefer proceedings of 12th isir  
martingales and stochastic integrals in the theory of continuous trading stoch jm harrison sr pliska proc . appl  
prevalence of baseline drug resistance mutations in primary hiv infection patients from the quest v miller l perrin j modai san diego  
linking community resources to family survival strategies r shaffer  1996.0 
the roles of supervisory support behaviors and environmental policy in employee '' ecoinitiatives '' at ca ramus u steger   
margaret robertson and andrew fluck p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
some studies on fluid structure interaction problems rk singh a kakodkar t kant  1988.0 
providing vcr capabilities in large-scale video servers jk dey-sircar jd salehi jf kurose d towsley proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
an efficient implementation of a relational data base ms furman vldb 1985.0 
measuring the conditions of the worldâ ?? s poor : the physical quality of life index md morris   
a semantics for model management operators s melnik pa bernstein a halevy e rahm   
fundamental architectural considerations for network processors m peyravian j calvignac computer networks 2003.0 
triantaâ ® llou p. zioga f. 1997 . principles of optimally placing data in tertiary storage s christodoulakis proceedings of the 23rd vldb  
swoâ ?? malley and ll peterson â ?? tcp vegas : new techniques for congestion detection and avoidance ls brakmo proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 94  
comparison of some aspects of bolting mechanisms between fully-grouted resin and tensioned bolts in a yassien yq zhang js han ss peng proc . 21st int &#39; l conference on ground control in mining  
place and society in jane austenâ ?? s england d herbert geography  
why sort-merge gives the best implementation of the natural joins 1983  1983.0 
efficient concurrency control for broadcast environments j shnmugasundram a nithrakashyap r sivasankaran technical report 1997-062 department of computer science  
clothing the e-emperor jr michener sd mohan   
a case of withdrawal from the ghb precursors gamma-butyrolactone and 1 4-butanediol ab schneir bt ly rf clark journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
tracking a moving object with a binary sensor network j aslam z butler f constantin v crespi g proceedings of acm sensys 2003.0 
applications of a web query language go arocena ao mendelzon ga mihaila www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
generation and search of clustered files g salton a wong acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
recognizing problems in state universities . cj ping new directions for higher education 1986.0 
bacterial abundance activity and diversity at extremely cold temperatures in arctic sea ice [ ph. d k junge university of washington seattle  
source proceedings of symposium d of the 1993 e-mrs spring meeting on integrated processing for h sik m riet c dubon-chevallier b sermage proceedings of symposium d of the 1993 e-mrs spring meeting & hellip ; 1994.0 
complexity of multiway cuts . e dahlhaus ds johnson ch papadimitriou pd conf proc annu acm symp theory comput. acm new york ny ( & hellip ; 1992.0 
securing the aes finalists against power analysis attacks ts messerges lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
the emerging step standard for production-model data exchange g trapp ieee computer  
integrating distributional prosodic and phonological information in a connectionist model of mh christiansen rac dale   
program abstract for neer grant de-fg-07-99id13781 jp blanchard university of wisconsin  
on matrices with connections w bibel journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1981.0 
evaluating cavern tests and subsurface subsidence using simple numerical models 7th symp . on salt ll van sambeek vol .  
advances in mixed-method evaluation : the challenges and benefits of integrating diverse paradigms v caracelli j greene j greene v caracelli new directions for program evaluation  
unitary orbital conception of elementary particles and their interactions g sardin   
issues in developing context-aware computing j pascoe n ryan d morse lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
using content models to build audio-video summaries poster presentation and poster paper j saarela b merialdo proc . acm  
an immittance-type stability test for two-dimensional digital filters y bistritz proc . 28th asilomar conf . signals systems computers  
beam test results of ion-implanted silicon strip detectors on a 100 mm wafer ( abstract only ) i hietanen j lindgren r orava t tuuva r oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
dg holloway jw johnson phil . mag  
strrversion2 . 0 [ computerprogrammanual ] s fowler r andingham & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa barbara  
device : compiling production rules into event-driven rules using complex events n bassiliades i vlahavas   
native trout of western north america . american fisheries society betheseda rj behnke md  
the basic dilemma : sovereignty or assimilation t schouls j olthuis d engelstad nation  
workspace characteristics cusp locations and boundary crossing for general rrp regional structures pe riley le torfason proceedings of the 23rd biennial mechanisms  
preisach modeling and compensation for smart material hysteresis d hughes jt wen proc . spie 1995.0 
â ?? brien ma oxman ad davis da haynes rb freemantle n harvey el . audit and feedback versus o thomson cochrane database syst rev  
supporting the construction and use of spatio-temporal domains in scientific databases tr smith j su mf worboys  1993.0 
the structure of a cultural crisis : thinking about cloth in france before and after the revolution wm reddy see appadurai  
computing pagerank in a distributed internet search engine system y wang d dewitt proc . of vldbâ ?? 04 conf  
wcspi a. towards a taxonomy of intrusiondetcction systems h dcbar m dacier computer networks  
andm . scholl . fromstructured documentstonovelquery facilities v christophides s abiteboul s cluet proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of  
is thyrotoxic periodic paralysis a '' channelopathy '' ? ej gallagher journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
leadership through professional associations . e shelton wf spikes new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
laser injection locking cj buczek rj freiberg ml skolnick ieee proceedings 1973.0 
dynamically reconfigurable coprocessor for network processors e maehle c albrecht r hagenau proc . work in progress session 29th euromicro conference & hellip ;  
knowledge representation as the basis for requirements specification a bordiga s greenspan j mylopoulos ieee computer  
the parlay apiâ ?? allowing third party application providers safe and secure access to network rm stretch bt technology journal 2003.0 
a formal approach to the defmmon and the design of conceptual schemata for database systems c zolo ma melkanofp acm trans . database syst  
hematoma of the rectus abdominis muscle : case report and review of the literature il dubinsky journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
variations in decision makers ' use of information sources : the impact of quality and accessibility ca o'reilly iii the academy of management journal 1982.0 
elevated interferon-gamma mrna levels and inflammatory bowel disease in the ceca of helicobacter rs livingston lk riley cl besch-williford rr   
semantic cache mechanism for heterogeneous web querying b chidlovskii c roncancio ml schneider www8 / computer networks 1999.0 
inductive logic programming and learnability ju kietz s då 3/4 eroski acm sigart bulletin 1994.0 
the free-piston gas generator : a thermodynamic-dynamic analysis ak oppenheim al london  1950.0 
adaptive locking strategies in a multi-node data sharing model environment a joshi proc . very large databases conf . ( sept. 1991 ) barcelona  
the chain of reasoning in the conjunction task r hertwig g gigerenzer unpublished manuscript  
i. announcements ii business iiip items  2002.0 
bt trustwiseâ ?? enabling ecommerce through trust ba cross bt technology journal 1999.0 
class hierarchies and their complexity m lenzerini acm press frontier series 1990.0 
digital apparition v flusser electronic culture  
c. chickering d. heckerman d. 1997 . learning mixtures of bayesian networks bm thiesson microsoft research technical report tr-97-30 . redmond  
phytolith analysis : an archaeological and geological perspective : academic press dr piperno san diego  
g 1962 integration of the primitive and balance equations j charney proc .  
inside ole ( version 2 ) b kraig  1995.0 
internet scale string attribute publish/subscribe data networks i aekaterinidis p triantafillou proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
recent experiences with data mining in aviation safety ( 1998 ) e harris jr e bloedorn nj rothleder sigmod98 dmkd workshop  
affect grid : a single-item scale of pleasure and arousal ja russell a weiss ga mendelsohn journal of personality and social psychology  
the mice project : multimedia integrated conferencing for europe ( mice ) cd schulz proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
automatic generation of data conversion programs using a data description language ja ramirez na rin ns prywes proceedings of the 1974 acm sigfidet ( now sigmod ) workshop & hellip ; 1974.0 
studies of the three-dimensional structure of the planetary boundary layer h lettau university of wisconsin  
retrieval of horizontal wind field in stratiform precipitation by conical scannings from two doppler g scialom conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
ecology of biological invasions of north america and hawaii ha mooney ja drake  1986.0 
building a laboratory information system around a c++ - based object-oriented dbms n goodman s rozen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
vendors struggle with costs benefits of shrinking cycle times d sims   
sleepers and workoholics-caching in mobile wireless environments d barbara t imielinski proc . acm  
improving quality-of-control using flexible timing constraints : metric and scheduling issues p marti j fuertes g fohler k ramamritham proceedings of the 23rd ieee real-time systems symposium (  
telephone line characteristic adaptation using vectorfield smoothingtechnique j takahashi s sagayama proc . int . conf . on  
l â ?? ing pd and \ \ â ?? a sbâ ?? query optimization in star computer networks â ?? l kcrschhcrg acm trans . database  
exploiting early sorting and early partitioning for decision support query processing j claussen a kemper d kossmann c wiesner the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
building light-weight wrappers for legacy web data-sources using w4f f azavant a sahuguet international conference on very large databases ( vldb )  
a desk-supported computer-based interacting with paper documents w newman p wellner proc . acm  
language and freedom n chomsky abraxas i  
a technology for thermoelectric devices based on electroplated v-vi materials m jaegle at  
theory of communication t fukuda y morimoto s morishita t tokuyama acm transactions on database systems  
spec as a performance evaluation measure r giladi n ahituv   
housing and demographics w village m temple   
enhancing the connection between literature and the social studies using the questionanswer d ouzts social studies & the young learner 1998.0 
subunit-dependent assembly of inward-rectifier k ^ + channels e glowatzki g fakler u brandle u rexhausen hp proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
north carolina page 24 - fcw co at age  
the bang le : a new kind of grid le m freeston proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
anomalous reactions of mouse alloantisera with culture tumor cells . i p klein demonstration of widespread occurrence using reference & hellip ;  
graduate degree programs and distance education cd swenson new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
high-involvement work practices turnover and productivity : evidence from new zealand jp guthrie   
optimization of polling systems and dynamic vehicle routing problems on networks d bertsimas h xu submitted for publication 1993.0 
planning in the urban university . rw roskens h garfinkel new directions for higher education 1977.0 
estimatingthe support of a high-dimensional distribution b scholkopf jc platt j shawe-taylor aj smola technical report msrtr-99-87 microsoft research corporation  
heparin low molecular weight heparin and physical methods for preventing deep vein thrombosis and hhg handoll mj farrar j mcbirnie g tytherleigh - cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
sidebar : the state of web services security standards m hall computerworld  
aromatherapy and massage for symptom relief in patients with cancer d fellowes k barnes s wilkinson cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
r * optimizer validation and performance for distributed queries l mackert g lohman proc . of intl. conf . on vldb  
wernicke 's encephalopathy in aids patient treated with zidovudine dg davtyan hv vinters lancet i 1987.0 
the incident command system : high-reliability organizing for complex and volatile task environments ga bigley kh roberts   
the viterbi algorithm gd fomey proc . ieee  
radiosity : an illuminating perspective sm drucker   
marine invertebrates of the pacific northwest : univ en kozloff  1987.0 
e. coquet and e. lantz '' pt dinda t sylvestre s wabnitz h maillotte demonstration of stimulated raman scattering suppression in  
the erosion of federal program evaluation hs havens new directions for program evaluation  
melã © ti pã ¡ no sti zoogeografãa ke ikologãa ton chersã © on malakãon ton kiklã ¡ don ma mylonas  1982.0 
relationships between human industrial activity and grizzly bears bn mclellan international conference on bear research and management  
cost evaluation of directory management schemes for distributed database systems y matsushita h yamazaki s hikita i yoshida proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1980.0 
freedom transformed : toward a developmental model for the construction of collaborative learning sj hamilton new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
an overview of vhdl language and theory m shahdad proceedings of the 23rd design automation  
designing filters for polyphase filter banks jh lee wj kang   
andr . das . interprocedural partial redundancy elimination and its application to distributed g agrawal j saltz proc . acm  
the eventivity constraint and modal reference effect in root infinitives n hymas  1999.0 
using finite state automata for sequence mining p hingston   
computer and job-shop scheduling theory eg coffmanâ ? ¦   
chair-free berge-graphs are perfect a sassano   
cost modelling of fault-tolerant software df mcallister rk scott information and software technology 1991.0 
nd-sql : a multi-dimensional language for interoperability and olap . 134-145 f gingras lvs lakshmanan electronic  
symbolic pointer analysis revisited j zhu s calman   
civil military interaction in asia and africa . 1991 ch kennedy dj louscher   
on a dynamical illustration of the pressure of radiation el nicolai phil . mag  
the effects of barometric pressure on elementary school studentsâ ?? behavior aj staut  2001.0 
rough set-based dimensionality reduction for supervised and unsupervised learning q shen a chouchoulas   
scientific staff bw olesen  2006.0 
determination of the longitudinal phase space distribution produced with ttf photo injector m geitz s schreiber g von walter d sertore m proc . of the 21st int . free electron laser conf. august 1999.0 
port phillip and westernport regional catchment strategy p phillip  1997.0 
synthesizing independent database schemas proc j biskup u dayal pa bernstein acmsigmod int conf management of data boston mass may  
jd u1lman '' v harinarayan a rajaraman implementing data cubes efficiently '' sigmod conference  
relational data sharing in peer-based data management systems b ooi sigmod record 2003.0 
symbolic computation in nonlinear plasma interactions j kulp proc . acm annual conf  
a next step : discussion to consider unifying the ers and joint committee standards dl stufflebeam new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
an overview and classification of mediated query systems . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
effective training of program evaluators : a mixture of art and science ed brown new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
synchronization in a decentralized computer system r reed d naming ph. d. dissertation mit laboratory for computer science  
status report b cabrera technical report stanford university october  
an image retrieval system depending on object layout kahny matsumoto t yokoyama y matsushita 3rd international conference on management of data pp199 - & hellip ;  
two-layer model explaining the properties of srtio 3 boundary layer capacitors r wernicke see  
xml schemas without order f neven t schwentick unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
an approach to certifying off-the-shelf software components j voas ieee computer  
getting to '' aha ! '' k melymuka computerworld  
a syntactic approach to shape recognition hh chen js su proc . int . comput . symp  
pure appl . chem . berg h. schwarz m lown he gunning op strausz acc . chem . res  
a variable span smoother : stanford california laboratory for computational statistics department jh friedman  1984.0 
an empirical evaluation of lfg-dop r bod proceedings coling-2000 2000.0 
dynamat : a dynamic view management system for data warehouses y kotidis n roussopoulos sigmod conference 1999.0 
erp user interfaces drive workers nuts c stedman computerworld  
philly sound park : using animation as an architectural design/presentation tool c janney proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ classic : a structural data model for objectsã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents a borgida rj brachman dl mcguinness la resnick proceedings of the acm/sigmod international conference on  
dynamics of child care subsidy under a welfare reform policy l gennetian p morris w vargas unpublished manuscript manpower demonstration research & hellip ;  
nf-kb activation through ikk-i-dependent i-traf/tank phosphorylation f nomura t kawai k nakanishi s akira genes to cells 2000.0 
independent study fieldwork and peer teaching . pg friedman new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
metabolic engineering of yeast zp cakar  2000.0 
formal description techniques and automated protocol synthesis v carchiolo a faro d giordano information and software technology 1992.0 
epirus revisited : seasonality and inter-site variation in the upper palaeolithic of north-west g bailey pl carter cs gamble hp higgs see ref  
cache-oblivious mesh layouts se yoon p lindstrom v pascucci d manocha   
realization and input/output relations : the analytic case e sontag y wang proc . 28th ieee conf . dec. & cntrl ( 1989 )  
jc walton jm tedder acc . chem . res  
users vent frustration over oracle crm/erp upgrades ml songini computerworld  
exact strangeness conservation and particle production ( abstract only ) j cleymans k redlich e suhonen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
comments on some new caledonian freshwater fishes of economical and biogeographical interest g marquet n mary proceedings of the 5 th indo-pacific fish conference ( noumea & hellip ; 1999.0 
metric 3d surface reconstruction from uncalibrated image sequences m pollefeys r koch m vergauwen l van gool lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
sediment in streams : sources biological effects and control . amer . fish . soc . monogr . 7 bethesda te waters md  
estuarine pollution : a case study of the humber . r arnett geography 1991.0 
a visual language and environment for composing web services n liu j grundy j hosking proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
location aware dependable multicast for mobile ad hoc networks s basagni i chlamtac vr syrotiuk computer networks 2001.0 
apj t maeshiroâ ? ¦  2004.0 
teaching methods for medical education d ambrozy seattle : university of washington  
e ~ laenens and d. vermeir credulous vs. sceptical semantics for ordered logic programs d gabbay proceedings of the seco ~ d irzternatiot ~ al confcrcl ~ ce on & hellip ;  
unsupervised soccer video abstraction based on pitch dominant color and camera motion analysis f coldefy p bouthemy proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
reinventing high school j stinson electronic learning  
moral social and civic issues in the classroom . children 's literature . b mitchell-powellâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
contextualizing ontologies p bouquet f giunchiglia f van harmelen l journal of web semantics 2004.0 
schneider : multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkhoff hp kriegel proc . acm-sigmod intl. conf . on management of data & hellip ;  
time bounds for real-time process control in the presence of timing uncertainty . technical memo mit / h attiya n lynch  1989.0 
data mining using two-dimensional optimized association rules : scheme algorithms and visualization t fukuda y morimoto s morishita t tokuyama  1996.0 
information and communications technologies to facilitate concurrent engineering in construction cj anumba g baron a duke bt technology journal 1997.0 
j. wilkes an introduction to disk drive modeling c ruemmler ieee computer  
empirical evaluation of reuse sensitiveness of complexity metrics m oshige n aoyagi pv harris kc burtis k information and software technology 1999.0 
de ( 1994 ) from nested-loop to join queries in oodb hj steenhagen pmg apers hm blanken ra by proc . of the conf . on very large data bases ( vldb ) & hellip ;  
cost and performance analysis of semantic integrity validation methods dz badal gj popek proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
evaluation in israel : a conversation with arieh lewy a bank new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
developing power tools for video indexing and retrieval h zhang sw smoliar proc . spie 1994.0 
you just do n't understand : women and men in conversation d tannen   
surface and groundwater monitoring at times beach confined disposal facility buffalo new york rp leonard water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technology r dingledine m freedman d molnar  2001.0 
ordpaths : insert-friendly xml node labels poâ ?? neil eoâ ?? neil s pal i cseri g schaller proc . sigmod conf 2004.0 
current market outlook bc airplanes seattle washington february  
doing what matters most : investing in quality teaching l darling-hammond  1997.0 
observational models of graphite pencil and drawing paper for non-photorealistic rendering mc sousa jw buchanan submitted for  
insult aggression and the southern culture of honor : an â ?? experimental ethnography.â ?? d cohen re nisbett bf bowdle n schwarz journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
hiv/aids community-based research t trussler r marchand new directions for adult and continuing education 2005.0 
a heuristic real-time parallel scheduler based on task strucutures q long v lesser technical report 95-92 university of massachusetts amherst  
analysis and management of animal populations : academic press bk williams jd nichols mj conroy san diego california  
prospects for a method-driven software development environment ja redmond kt ryan information and software technology 1987.0 
automatic synthesis of specifications from the dynamic observation of reactive programs b boigelot p godefroid lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
special triangulations of the simplex and systems of disjoint representatives r aharoni m chudnovsky submitted for  
dynamic content acceleration : a caching solution to enable scalable dynamic web page generation a datta k dutta k ramamritham h thomas d sigmod conference 2001.0 
a new conception of service : principles and strategies . j katz new directions for higher education 1973.0 
modeling piano sound using digital waveguide filtering techniques ge garnett proc . int . computer music  
effects of the eastern marmara earthquake on the marine structures and coastal areas report 3 y yuksel z alkis e cevik ac yalciner alciner b  2001.0 
theoretical and experimental research on multi-beam klystron d yaogen p jun z yunshu s shaoming aip conference proceedings 1999.0 
optimal aggregation algorithms for middleware r fagin a lotem m naor   
streaming video : a welcome reception j ozer pc magazine  
an online video placement policy based on bandwidth to space ratio a dan d sitaram proceedings of the acm sigmod conference  
semantic heterogeneity resolution in federated databases by metadata implantation and stepwise g aslan d mcleod the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
three-dimensional electroanatomical mapping within the isthmus between the tricuspic valve and the h kottkamp b anderson y ho g hindricks submitted for publication  
sg-wram : schema guided wrapper maintenance xf meng hy wang dd huâ ? ¦   
the parameterized complexity of database queries m grohe   
l torczon colc } ring heuristics for register allocation p briggs kd cooper k kennedy proc . acm  
alternative assessment in a mathematics course nj simpson new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
efficient data view maintenance warehouses d agrawal a el abbadi a singh t yurek proc . acm sigmod  
a characterization of prolog execution ma friedman  1992.0 
family life in the digital homeâ ?? domestic telecommunications at the end of the 20th century b anderson a mcwilliam h lacohee e clucas j bt technology journal 1999.0 
numerical modeling of the heat flux to the anode of high-current vacuum arcs e schade d shmelev i kleberg proc . 21st int . conf . on electrical contacts  
facets of babylonia : interpretations of the development of the welfare state in greece d sotiropoulos social policy in greece : challenges and prospects athens : & hellip ;  
intermediate-mass higgs searches in weak boson fusion dl rainwater  2004.0 
playing it safe e callaway computerworld  
editorial p willis bt technology journal 2000.0 
reducing the branch penalty in pipelined processors dj lilja   
income taxation with habit formation and consumption externalities j alonso-carrera j caballã © x raurich unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
l. ( 1976 ) suicide enzyme inactivators rh abeles al maycock acc . chem . res  
quilt : a collaborative tool for cooperative writing m cohen r fish r kraut m leland proc . acm sigois conference  
the gemâ ?? stone data management system object-oriented concepts databases and applications mj carey dj dewitt jf richardson ej shekita  1989.0 
querying object-oriented databases m kifer   
nephrotic syndrome associated with inhaled allergens hj wittig as goldman lancet i 1970.0 
fragments of relations d maier jd ullman proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
a structural approach for the definition of semantics of active database p fraernali l tanca acm tods  
easier said than done : gender differences in perceived barriers to gaining a mentor br ragins jl cotton the academy of management journal 1991.0 
surgical treatment for meniscal injuries of the knee in adults jr howell hh handoll cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
integrated multimedia publishing : combining tv and newspaper content on personal channels c soedergaard m aaltonen s hagman m hiirsalmi www8 / computer networks 1999.0 
hierarchical prefix cubes for range-sum queries cy chan ye ioannidis proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ; 1999.0 
a portable parallel programming environment based around pcte sa hellberg e zaluska information and software technology 1994.0 
information literacy at universities : challenges and solutions . me wiggins new directions for higher education 1992.0 
aflp molecular markers as a tool for genetic variability studies of rye inbred lines pt bednarek k chwedorzewska j kroliczak j biuletyn-instytutu hodowli i aklimatyzacji roslin 1999.0 
the context interchange mediator prototype s madnick t pena j qu a shum m siegel acm sigmod international conference on management of data  
transaction support for indexed summary views g graefe m zwilling proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
consortial fundraising lm peterson new directions for higher education 1999.0 
iterative residual rescaling : an analysis and generalization r ando l lee proceedings of acm sigir  
multi-join optimization for symmetric multiprocessors ej shekita hc young kl tan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
e-mail from gail johnson 2002 ( 2002 ) '' g johnson   
flexibilization of the methodology of system development d rijsenbrij information and software technology 1995.0 
andrew john herbertson 1865â ?? 1915 . an appreciation of his life and work ew gilbert geography  
specifying and generating program editors with novel visual editing mechanisms m read c marlin procs of the 10th conference on software engineering and  
a place called school : prospects for the future j goodlad  1984.0 
integrating symbolic images into a multimedia database system using classification and abstraction a soffer h samet the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
a generic approach to supporting diagram differencing and merging for collaborative design a mehra j grundy j hosking proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
spectrum structure for the three-dimensional periodic landau operator va geä ± ler va margulis ii chuchaev algebra i analiz  
logical introduction to databases j grant  1987.0 
the book of indian animals . 3rd ed : bombay natural history society sh prater bombay india  
validation of some superpave design parameters by wheel testing with the scale model mobile load m van de ven af smit r lorio r mcgennis & hellip ; conference on asphalt pavements seattle washington & hellip ;  
sino-foreign high technology joint ventures : some factors affecting performance '' d bennett hc xia proceedings of 4th international conference on management of & hellip ;  
weighted chinese restaurant processes and bayesian mixture models lj brunner at chan lf james ay lo unpublished manuscript  
web database tools sw plainâ ? ¦ pc magazine september  
influence of tractor -- trailer interaction on assessment of road damaging performance dj cole d cebon proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1998.0 
et30 '' bf4e j christ y corlach w von der saal t lett acc . chem .  
outerjoin simplification and reordering for query optimization 1993 ca galindo-legaria a rosenthal submitted for  
artemisinin derivatives for treating severe malaria hm mcintosh p olliaro cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
environmental impact from npk-fertiliser versus anaerobic digestion residue or compost-a systems m dalemo u sonesson a bjã ¶ rklund   
inductive logic programming : derivations successes and shortcomings s muggleton lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
perceptions of drug abuse resistance education ( dare ) : a review of select evaluations rp stengl  2000.0 
ncss social studies standards and the elementary teacher . j alleman j brophy social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
biased procurement l rezende to  
recent bt patents mi strange bt technology journal 1999.0 
stichwã ¶ rter : lumineszenz metallamakrocyclen n-ligan-den platin selbstorganisation jyk cheng tsm hun cm che wt wong kk cheung g acc . chem . res 1990.0 
developing multimedia applications with the omg streaming framework lf faina ej oliveira rcm prado e cardozo   
toward learning based web query processing y diao h lu s chen z tian vldb 2000.0 
on the economic conditions of suitability assessments t kã ¥ berger presentation at  
the miquelian inversive plane ip ( q ) and the associative projective planes . . wf orr  1973.0 
a genetic algorithm for data sequencing r drechsler n gockel electronic letters 1997.0 
cdd/cdd + reference manual 0.75 k fukuda ethz zurich switzerland  
spectral theory of non-selfadjoint operators bs pavlov proc . int . congr . math. warszawa  
the electrical and optical properties of amorphous carbon prepared by the glow discharge technique da anderson phil . mag  
the case for reliable concurrent multicasting using shared ack trees bn levine db lavo jj garcia-luna-aceves   
grammars have exceptions 1998 v crescenzi g mecca submitted for  
novel approach to indoor propagation modelling p pechac m klepal k novotny radioengineering-prague - 2000.0 
strategic planning at five world-class companies md akers gl porter management accounting-new york - 1995.0 
influences of individual and situational characteristics on measures of training effectiveness je mathieu si tannenbaum e salas the academy of management journal 1992.0 
demonstration : enabling scalable online personalization on the web k dutta proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
inclusion dependencies and the universal instance e sciore proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
in atlas of protein sequence and structure v. 5 suppl . 3 ( dayhoff mo ed . ) . national biochemical mo dayhoff md  
mu-mesonic atoms and the electromagnetic radius of the nucleus ln cooper em henley   
discovery of multiple-level association rules from large databases in proc . 1995 int j han y fu conf . very large data bases zurich switzerland sept  
recommendations and caveats . df halpern new directions for higher education 1987.0 
the just-war tradition in the postâ ?? cold war era.â ?? p casuistry  1994.0 
a reflection model for computer graphics rl cook ke torrance acm tog  
databases on the web : technologies for federation architectures and case studies ( tutorial ) . acms anthology p edition   
andi . n. subramanian . schemasql-a language for interoperability in relational multi-database systems lvs lakshmanan f sadri proceedings of inter . conference on very large databases (  
update synchronization in distributed databases wk cheng gg belford vldb  
network security essentials ( 2000 ) prentice hall w stallings   
female zebra finches choose extra-pair copulations with genetically attractive males am houtman proceedings : biological sciences 1992.0 
determinants of consensus estimates : attribution salience and representativeness m zuckerman rw mann fj bernieri journal of personality and social psychology  
interprocedural dependence analysis and parallelization m burke r cytron   
correctional aids prevention program ( capp ) in new york city vjm hayes-cozier e rautenberg lc kayser i solis v international conference on aids montreal canada june  
evaluation of it in the danish construction industry jl andresen technical university of denmark  
aries : a transaction recovery method supporting fine-granularity locking and partial rollbacks using c mohan d haderle b lindsay h pirahesh p acm trans . database  
racial disparities in the delivery of health care ba noah san diego law review 1998.0 
distinguishing the effects of functional and dysfunctional conflict on strategic decision making : ac amason the academy of management journal 1996.0 
a model for developing an outcomes assessment plan : the regents college outcomes assessment pe peinovich ms nesler ts thomas new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
code complete chapter 24 s mcconnell  1993.0 
version modeling concepts for computer-aided design databases acm sigmod int rh katz e chang r bhateja conf . on data management  
andr . r. muntz . afaulttolerantdesignofamultimedia server s berson l golubchik inproceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
superconductivity in d-and f-band metals jw garland kh bennemann proceedings of the conference on superconductivity in d-and  
the design of xprs m stonebraker rh katz da patterson jk vldb 1988.0 
refined fan-in reduction algorithm v beiu ja peperstraete r lauwereins submitted for  
now you see it now you do n't c rigden   
type i procollagen c-proteinase from mouse fibroblasts e kessler   
trees : structure and function mh zimmermann cl brown mt tyree  1971.0 
supplementing conservation practices with alternative energy sources . ga kraetsch new directions for higher education 1981.0 
gibbs 1989 concurrency control in groupware systems ca ellis j simon proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of data  
the benefits of mentoring s schulz new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
fiorina charts hp 's new course m miller pc  
march 1993 . â ?? data management for mobile computingâ ?? t imielinski br badrinath sigmod  
further immunohistochemical evidence for impaired no signaling in the hypothalamus of depressed hg bernstein a heinemann d krell c mawrin h annals-new york academy of sciences 2002.0 
exchange functions : interaction primitives for specifying distributed systems p zave submitted for publication february  
non linear-linear approximation of reflectance functions epf lafortune sc foo ke torrance dp greenberg proc . of acm siggraph  
conf . on computer graphics acm annual acm press  
nonlinear spline approximation of functions of several variables and b-spaces y brudnyi i irodova algebra i analiz  
user interface management systems and application portability rc seacord ieee computer  
automotive test drive cycles for emission measurement and real-world emission levelsâ ?? a review s samuel l austin d morrey proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
age-related differences and change in positive and negative affect over 23 years st charles ca reynolds m gatz journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
a new view of v ( d ) j recombination m gellert genes to cells 1996.0 
wealth and the timing of retirement s khitatrakun  2000.0 
cognitive apprenticeship approach to helping adults learn in bl brandt ja farmer jr a buckmaster new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
improved roi and within frame discriminant features for lipreading g potamianos c neti   
graphical user interfaces for the management of scientific experiments and data y ioannidis m livny e haber acm-sigmod record 1992.0 
the presidential perspective on mission review for new career programs . ap splete new directions for higher education 1987.0 
communication from boeing commercial airplane group aj anderson seattle  
drift reduction in predictive video transmission using a distributed source coded side-channel a majumdar j wang k ramchandran proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
cream-creating metadata for the semantic web shs staab computer networks  
office information models and the representation of ` office objects ' sj gibbs acm sigoa newsletter 1982.0 
windows sockets m hillâ ? ¦  1996.0 
rehist : relative error histogram construction algorithms s guha k shim j woo proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
the world health organization ( who ) classification of the myeloid neoplasms jw vardiman nl harris rd brunningâ ? ¦ blood-new york - 2002.0 
optimizing student-institution fit . te williams new directions for higher education 1986.0 
needle-sharing patterns as a predictor of hiv seroprevalence among new york city intravenous drug k yee ls brown bj primmâ ? ¦ montreal canada june  
environmental influences on film durability i vulic jm zenner proc . of 29th nat . agric . plastics  
implementing data cubes efficiently [ j ] v hafinarayan a rajaraman jd ullman sigmod  
big retail sap project put on ice c stemand   
the derivation of statistical expressions from gibbsâ ?? canonical ensemble f ansbacher w ehrenberg phil . mag  
data placement in bubba g gopeland w alexander e boughter t keller proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
responses of grizzly bears to hydrocarbon exploration on richards island northwest territories l harding ja nagy international conference on bear research and management  
weapons as aggression-eliciting stimuli l berkowitz a lepage journal of personality and social psychology  
jr and rg keesee aw castleman acc . chem . res  
limitations of record based models w kent acm tods  
xtract : learning document type descriptors from xml document collections m garofalakis a gionis r rastogi s seshadri k data mining and knowledge discovery 2003.0 
statistical modeling of large-scale simulation data t eliassi-rad t critchlow g abdulla proceedings of acm sigkdd 2002.0 
goldsack and levy cc dilworth phil . mag  
on the selection of indices for a file . rep. rj1341 ibm san jose cabf. jan. 1974 wf king acm transactions on database  
experience with pvm in an industrial environment a blaszczyk c trinitis lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
ayguad e e. and valero m. improved spill code generation for software pipelined loops j zalamea j llosa procs . of the programming languages design and  
how javaâ ?? s floating-point hurts everyone everywhere . june 1998 w kahan jd darcy unpublished manuscript available at http://http . cs .  
free energies and saint-venantâ ?? s principle in linear viscoelasricity l deseri g gentili jm golden submitted for  
technology evaluation and the visibility of teaching and learning rj bass new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
etal. â ?? an architecture for a relational dataflow machine â ?? l bit proc . sigmod symp . on small systems  
tegaserod for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome bw evans wk clark dj moore pj whorwell cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
using standard internet protocols and applications in space k hogie rp criscuolo computer networks 2005.0 
automatic data base schema design mf mitoma kb irani proc . 1st int . conf . very large data bases ( acm )  
model and verification of a data manager based on aries . acms anthology   
goodman . n. â ?? timestamp-based algorithms for concurrency control in distributed database systems p bernstein proc . 6th vldb cot & mexico city mexico oct  
the proteolytic enzymes of escherichia coli and their subcellular localization khs swamy al goldberg  1980.0 
renewable energy research se ireland development and demonstration strategy page  
application of oodb and sgml techniques in text database : an electronic dictionary system j zhang sigmod record 1995.0 
design of a lightweight automotive brake disc using finite element and taguchi techniques dg grieve dc barton d crolla jt buckingham proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1998.0 
in search of erp paybacks th davenport computerworld  
customer service systemâ ?? past present and future pf harrison bt technology journal 1997.0 
nonlinear dynamics of bandpass sigmaâ ?? delta modulation o feelyâ ? ¦   
experimentell-morphologische untersuchungen ã 1/4 ber das verhalten der â ?? neurosekretorischen bahn â ?? w hild virchows archiv 1951.0 
footprint and feature management using aspect-oriented programming techniques f hunleth rk cytron   
orthogonal frequency division multiplexing for wireless network ida li anibal university of california santa barbara  
limnology : lake and river ecosystems . 3 rdedition : academic press rg wetzel san diego california  
reusable models : making your models more user-friendly om ulgen n otto t thomasma   
complete genomes phylogenetic relatedness and structural proteins of six strains of the hepatitis h norder am courouce lo magniusâ ? ¦ virology-new york - 1994.0 
membrane-associated guanylate kinase with inverted orientation ( magi ) -1 / brain angiogenesis inhibitor a mino t ohtsuka e inoue y takai genes to cells 2000.0 
early life-cycle metrics and software quality models m shepperd information and software technology 1990.0 
relational database operators r fagin n forms proc . acm sigmod conf . management of data  
energy ejicient indexing on aiz acm sigmod int t imielinski s viswanathan b badrinath conference on management of data  
on the manner in which cotton unites with colouring matter w crum phil mag  
predicting foreign exchange rates with support vector regression machines b guesde msc thesis . computer science department university of  
the impact of interprocedural analysis and optimization on the design of a software development kd cooper k kennedy l torczon acm sigplan  
company survey '' successful service management-trends and practices in the after-sales g burger i hartel m schnetzler c rã 1/4 f ethzbwi zurich switzerland  
finite state description of communicating protocols gv bochman computer networks  
teaching analytical reasoning through thinking aloud pair problem solving . je stice ( ed ) developing j lochhead a whimbey new directions for teaching and  
multi-dimensional selectivity estimation using compressed histogram information jh lee dh kim cw chung sigmod conference 1999.0 
software quality assurance through prototyping and automated testing me staknis information and software technology 1990.0 
on some principles of grammaticalization pj hopper approaches to grammaticalization 1991.0 
the method of equivalence applied to three state two input control systems gr wilkens   
features and performance white paper rd protocol microsoft  
accelerating object-oriented simulation via automatic program specialization . department of d weise s seligman stanford university technical report csl-tr-92-519 april  
a real-time object model rto . k and an experimental investigation of its potentials kh kim h kopetz   
matching : a well-solved class of integer linear programs j edmonds el johnson lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
molecular simulations du guide san diego calif  
range queries in olap data cubes in â ?? sigmodâ ?? 97 ct ho r agrawal n megiddo r srikant & hellip ; acm sigmod international conference on management of data  
rewriting of rules containing set terms in a logic data language ldl o shmueli s tsur c zaniolo proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1988.0 
academic press rc elton x lasers san diego  
a new substitution gamma 358 ser - > cys in fibrinogen milano vii causes defective fibrin c steinmann m jungo   
four years of the switched multi-megabit data service dj lewis d mack-smith bc poole bt technology journal 1998.0 
8051 å ? ® æ ? ¶ ç ?? å 3/4 ® é ? '' è ? ¦ å ¯ ¦ ç ¿ ? è ?? æ ?? ç ? ¨ 1993 : æ ? 3/4 å ´ ? é ? '' è ? ¦ å ?? æ ? ¸ è ³ ? æ ?? å ? ³ é ?? æ ?? ï 1/4 ? æ ² ? æ ? ¶ é ? 1/2 ï 1/4 ? é?åºå ??   
mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables in `` proceedings of the acm sigmod r srikant r agrawal montreal canada  
replicated data and partition failures sb davidson acm press frontier series 1990.0 
sub hash g. mechanical alloying of w-hf-ti alloys tungsten refract . met-1994 dg edelman bj palatka proc . int . conf 2nd 1995.0 
understanding multicultural perspectives : a project approach . f miller social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
heat pumps in buildings hutchinson 1984 afc sherratt   
educational productivity in south korea and the united states sj paikâ ? ¦ international journal of educational research 2001.0 
presented at spie berlin west germany 1986 cf e pfeffermann ug briel h hippmann g kettenring proc . spie  
the new oxford guide to writing . ?? 1900 ts kane   
investigations into the epidemiology of neospora caninum infection in dairy cattle in new zealand du pfeiffer jw wichtel mp reichel nb williamson   
workload evolution on the cornell theory center ibm sp2 s hotovy lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
fractal analysis of dendritic tree of transient amacrine cell of gold fish retina versus diffusion mba djamgoz zj grzywna m krasowska s vallerga cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
resilient logical structures for efficient management of replicated data d agrawal a el abbadi   
challenges facing shared governance within the college cc morphew new directions for higher education 1999.0 
incident monitoring network nears completion r jackson at 1993.0 
accelerating em for large datasets b thiesson c meek d heckerman machine learning  
spatial data integrity constraints in object oriented geographic data modeling ahf laender proc . of acm-gis  
case 's next step : process . g boone   
studies of voids in neutron-irradiated aluminum single crystals . pt . 1 . small-angle x-ray scattering je epperson rw hendricks k farrell phil . mag. 1974.0 
interactive term suggestion for users of digital libraries : using subject thesauri and co-occurence b schatzâ ? ¦   
construction and design of beta-sheets ck smith l regan acc . chem . res 1997.0 
characterizing task-oriented dialog using a simulated asr channel jd williams s young submitted for publication 2004.0 
a token-ring medium-access-control with quality of service guarantees for wireless ad-hoc networks d lee r attias a puri r sengupta s tripakis p proceedings of acm  
linkage analysis of fifty-seven microsatellite loci to bipolar disorder pv gejman m martinez q cao e friedman neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
andm . mehta . sprint : ascalableparallel classifier fordata mining . in 22 nd j shafer r agrawal vldb proceedings bombay india  
the circumpolar active layer monitoring ( calm ) program : research designs and initial results pi introduction polar geography 2000.0 
the consolidation of local government : summary of findings . e bridges the municipal partnership demonstration project march  
a survey of schema-based matching approaches p shvaiko j euzenat   
the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications acm int e rundensteiner h kuno y ra v crestana-taube m conf . on management of data ( sigmodâ ?? 96 )  
a new multicast-based architecture for internet host mobility l blazevic jy le boudec proc . acm mobicomâ ?? 97  
removal policies in network caches for www documents s williams m abrams c standridge g abdulla e acm sigcomm  
artop : an adaptive randomized total ordering protocol g chockler n huleihel d dolev submitted for  
applying the golden rule of sampling for query estimation yl wu d agrawal a el abbadi proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2001.0 
catching sites l lindop m sriskandarajah m williams m bracken pc magazine  
the vagabond approach to logging and recovery in transaction-time temporal object database systems k nã ¸ rvã ¥ g   
spectral k-way ratio-cut partitioning and clustering - group of 3 & raquo ; pk chan mdf schlag jy zien proceedings of the 30th international conference on design & hellip ; 1993.0 
andg . pozzi . specificationandimplementationofexceptions in workflow management systems f casati s ceri s paraboschi acm trans . on database systems  
validation algorithms for pointer values in dbtg databases bp da thomas rj buhr acm transactions on database systems 1977.0 
component technology k kroeker ieee computer  
on the parametrisation of functional projections in cp . a. schafer e hoekstra proceedings of the 23rd meeting of the north eastern & hellip ;  
predator : an or-dbms with enhanced data types psm paskin proc . of acm sigmod 1997.0 
concise descriptions of subsets of structured sets k pu ao mendelzon acm transactions on database systems 2005.0 
fentonâ ?? s reaction revisited c walling acc . chem . res  
size and effort estimation for applications written in java j kaczmarek m kucharski information and software technology  
a. and raimes s. 1959 j cooper phil . mag  
shame as the master emotion sm retzinger tj scheff & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa barbara  
query flocks : a generalization of association rules d tsur s abbiteboul c clifton r motwani s & hellip ; of acm sigmod conference on management of data ( sigmodâ ?? 98 & hellip ;  
automated selection of materialized views and indexes for sql databases materialized view selection s agrawal s chaudhuri v narasayya proc . of vldb roma italy  
dynamic iternset counting and impficalion rules for market basket data s brin r motwani jd ullman s tsur acm sigmod international conference on the management of & hellip ;  
the efficacy of antidepressants in the treatment of depression in dementia j bains js birks tr dening cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
reworking welfare : technical assistance for states and localities a brown manpower demonstration research corporation march new york  
microsoft ( r ) project 2002 step by step c chatfield  2002.0 
an adaptive control of lum smoother r lukac radioengineering-prague - 2000.0 
some remarks on linear diffeomorphisms in wavelet space july 2003 q xie m holschneider m kulesh   
structured programming '' considered harmful p abrahams acm sigplan notices 1975.0 
ql et . al. on supporting containment queries in relational database management systems c zhang j naughton d dewitt sigmod santa barbara california  
experimental results on weighted proportional tcp throughput differentiation p gevros   
closure of the '' non-healing wound '' corresponds with correction of weight loss using the anabolic r demling l de santi   
ramakrishnan . probabilistic optimization of top-n queries d donjerkovicandr proceedingsof vldb  
rapid induction of conditioned opiate withdrawal in the rat ha baldwin gf koob neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
light scattering by small particles hc van de hulst  1981.0 
experiences with hyperbase : a hypertext database supporting collaborative work uk wiil sigmod record 1993.0 
granularity of locks in a large shared data base j gray ra lorie gr putzolu il traiger vldb  
web service composition with o'grape and osiris r weber c schuler p neukomm h schuldt hj schek proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
simplified recursive identifier for arma processes m farsi kz karam k warwick electronic letters  
non-deterministic languages to compute deterministic transformations s abiteboul e simon v vianu proc . acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . on principles of & hellip ;  
model for pion production in proton-nucleus interactions nv mokhov si striganov aip conference proceedings 1998.0 
talking about money : public participation and expert knowledge in the euro referendum cardiff r evans isbn  
a comparative study on user performance in the virtual dressmaker application m wacker m keckeisen sl stoev w straã?er   
transient handover blocking probabilities in road covering cellular mobile networks rj boucherie j van der wal computer networks 2003.0 
tds-a preliminary design system for turbines sae paper 780999 rr wysong san diego  
robust test generation algorithm for stuck-open fault in cmos circuits m weiwei l xieting proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
prevalence of iron deficiency and iron deficiency anemia in county of rodopi e karanikolaou g lepidas b tsifouti n 30th greek pediatric congress athens greece may 22ã ? / 24 . & hellip ;  
database compression ma roth sj van horn sigmod record 1993.0 
halbleitertransporttheorie und monte-carlo-bauelementsimulation fm bufler a schenk   
visualization in scientific computing bh mccormick acm sigbio newsletter 1988.0 
read-onlytransactionsinadistributeddatabase h garcia-molina g wiederhold acm transactions on database systems  
how do prudent laypeople define an emergency medical condition ? - implications for managed care rw derlet a ledesma journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
dynamic versus static menus : an exploratory comparison j mitchell b shneiderman acm sigchi bulletin 1989.0 
effects of language on color discriminability n witthoft j winawer l wu m frank a wade l proceedings of the 25 thannual meeting of the cognitive & hellip ;  
chloroplast development in green barley leaves transferred to darkness h adamson see ref 1983.0 
patterns of labor market performance among low-income wisconsin single mothers . m cancian r haveman w-2 child support demonstration evaluation phase 1 : final & hellip ;  
structure and motion for dynamic scenes-the case of points moving in planes p sturm lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
international networking in long-term ecological research . rw nottrott jf franklin jr vande castle seattle  
the jain cosmology c caillat r kumar  1981.0 
dynamic binding of service users and providers in an open services environment a wolisz v tschammer computer networks  
a systematic framework for prioritizing farmland preservation . ea machado dm stoms fw davis   
changes in red cell oxygen release capacity in diabetes mellitus j ditzel fed proc 1979.0 
lvlulticomputers : message-passing concurrent computers wc athaz cl seitz ieee computer  
user-interface architecture of web-based applications p hejda  2001.0 
adaptive flow control for vod using price discounts n keon g anandalingam  1999.0 
the self-energy and interaction energy of stacking fault in metals rw atree ts plaskett phil mag  
judgment of line orientation form h al benton k hamsher nr varney o spreen contributions to neuropsychological assessment  
a framework for high-speed controller design jm mulder rj portier a srivastava   
tfpl survey of special library statistics c creaser dj spiller   
the ssã · - tree : an improved index structure for similarity searches in a high-dimensional feature r kurniawati js jin ja shepherd   
equivalences among aggregate queries with negation s cohen w nutt y sagiv   
pharmacological treatment for aphasia following stroke ( cochrane review ) j greener p enderby r whurr cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
knowing and caring about children of the depression m zarnowski social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
cooperative transaction hierarchy : a transaction model to support design applications m nodine s zdonik proc . of vldb  
shifting to a work first program for welfare recipients : lessons from los angeles county e weissman new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
from semistructured data to xml : migrating the lore data model and query language r goldman j mchugh j widom webdb ( informal proceedings ) 1999.0 
involvement of rho and rac small g proteins and rho gdi in ca 2ã 3/4 - dependent exocytosis from pc12 r komuro t sasaki k takaishi s orita y takai genes to cells 1996.0 
sqlj part 1 : sql routines using the java tm programming language a eisenberg j melton sigmod record 1999.0 
extensions of a theory of networks for approximation and learning : outliers and negative examples t poggio f girosi technical report aim1220 artificial intelligence laboratory  
cytologic features of neoplastic lesions in endocervical glands kp siziopikou hh wang g abu-jawdeh   
relative loss bounds for multidimensional regression problems j kivinen mk warmuth machine learning 2001.0 
multimedia abstractions for a digital video library mg christel db winkler cr taylor   
experiences with an object manager for a process-centered environment d heimbigner   
horizontal data partitioning in database systems s ceri m negri g pelagatti proc . of the acm sigmod international conference on  
multiway spatial joins n mamoulis d papadias acm transactions on database systems 2001.0 
evolution of networks and the diffusion of new technology gt mitchell   
biosynthetic origin and functional significance of murine platelet factor v tl yang sw pipe a yang d ginsburg blood-new york - 2003.0 
short group signatures d boneh x boyen h shacham lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
computer lib dream machines n ted  1987.0 
source acm sigmod record archive j melton acm sigmod record 2002.0 
monitoring database objects t risch vldb 1989.0 
selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( ssris ) versus other antidepressants for depression jr geddes n freemantle j mason mp eccles j cochrane database syst rev  
field trip roadlog for the bear river landslide complex pk link jb mahoney j mccalpin jj henkelman bl proceedings of the 23rd symposium on engineering geology and & hellip ;  
classroom assessment : improving learning quality where it matters most . ta angelo new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
toward the future of stakeholder approaches in evaluation ch weiss new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
tokuyamat ( 1996 ) mining optimized association rules for numeric attributes my fukudat s morishita proc . 15th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles  
source characteristics of the july 17 1998 papua new guinea tsunami inferred from runup data a piatanesi p heinrich submitted for  
practical problems in data management : a position paper j gray proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
â ?? applications integration â ?? mj miller pc  
analysis of bioswale efficiency for treating surface runoff ww groves   
technologies for e-services third international workshop a buchmann f casati l fiege mc hsu mc shan proceedings of of 3rd vldb workshop on technologies for e - & hellip ;  
perceptual patterns and the learning environment : confronting white racism . saj colin iii t preciphs new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
call admission control in mobile wireless l dobos j goril radioengineering-prague - 2002.0 
personalism and corporatism in african armies ce welch see kelleher  
exploiting hierarchical terrestrial-satellite architectures to handle voice symmetric data and a iera a molinaro g araniti computer networks 2002.0 
on canonical models for federated dbs f saltor m castellanos m garcia-solaco sigmod record ( acm special interest group on management of & hellip ;  
carey . programmingconstructs fordatabase systemimplementationinexodus j richardsonandm proc . of sigmod  
on the geographic distribution of online game servers and players w feng w feng proc . acm netgames  
controllers : reusable wrappers to adapt software components jm troya a vallecillo information & software technology 2001.0 
adsp oâ ?? neil . the dangers of replication and a solution jn gray p helland proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
recognizing shapes from simple queries about geometry y amit d geman k wilder unpublished manuscript  
dietary marine fatty acids ( fish oil ) for asthma in adults and children rk woods fc thien mj abramson cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
the lytic compartment of plant cells p matile  1975.0 
gramatiky a jazyky m ceska z rabova technical university of brno  
an approximate max-flow min-cut theorem ibr uniform multicommodity flow problems with applications ft leighton s rae proc . of 29th focs  
san francisco works : toward an employer-led approach to welfare reform and workforce development s bliss  2000.0 
an organization-wide approach to improving ed patient satisfaction : one community teaching lm vescio sp donahoe c gentile journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
lore : a lightweight object repository for semistructured data . acms anthology p edition   
arid-zone ornithology in africa and south america gl maclean proc . int . orn . congr  
the effect of neutron irradiation on the elastic moduli of graphite single crystals c baker a kelly phil . mag  
interactive television . m bisesi bd felder new directions for higher education 1986.0 
outline form of structure rules provides essentials p babcock   
an agent-based approach to software mr genesereth jm tenenbaum technical report logic-91-6 stanford university logic group  
da silva jr. jl patel. d. and roundy s. ( july ) . picoradio supports ad hoc ultra-low power jm rabaey mj ammer ieee  
monitoring xml data on the web b nguyen s abiteboul g cobena m preda   
diy : build the em optical theremin cr fisher s wilkinson electronic musician  
guest editorial z bankowski a scott f snyder european law journal 1998.0 
mediating representations for knowledge acquisition jm bradshaw jh boose boeing computer services seattle washington  
early ( < 96 hours ) corticosteroids for preventing chronic lung disease in preterm infants ( cochrane h halliday ra ehrenkrantz cochrane database syst rev  
use of nucleic acid probes for diagnosis and epidemiology of phthorimaea operculella granulosis jl zeddam h el-bolbol n el-gueindy x lery g ivth meeting iobc zurich switzerland  
multimodal interfaces that process what comes naturally s oviatt p cohen communications-acm 2000.0 
verification tools-a sleep aid ? m chang electronic business  
voipâ ?? the access dimension dj thorne bt technology journal 2001.0 
bigsur : a system for the management of earth science data p brown m stonebraker & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ; 1995.0 
algorithmic approaches to training support vector machines : a survey c colin proceedings of esann2000 ( d-facto publications belgium )  
a performance evaluation of oid mapping techniques a eickler ca gerlhof vldb 1995.0 
constraint satisfaction in database theory m vardi   
therapeutic rationale of plants used to treat dental infections m elvin-lewis see etkin  
cyclic difference covers kt arasu s sehgal   
a rural community hospital 's experience with family-witnessed resuscitation ma belanger s reed journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
the evolution of drainage density on the wheeler ridge an active fault-bend-fold anticline southern w dinklage paper university of california santa barbara  
efficient wavelength routing on directed fiber trees c kaklamanis p persiano lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
lh * - a scalable distributed data store w litwin ma neimat da schneider acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
data-driven one-to-one web site generation for data-intensive web applications s ceri p fraternali s paraboschi proceedings of vldbâ ?? 99 september 1999 edinburgh  
an overview of the emerging third-generation sql standard j melton sigmod record 1995.0 
81st annual meeting of the endocrine society a perreault j bouchard v bodart r deghenghi d san . diego  
single-service quality differentiation g karlsson h lundqvist im ivars   
positive provocative discography as a misleading finding in the evaluation of low back pain e carragee c tanner d vittum d kim nass proceedings  
the attitudes of final year geography undergraduates to teaching as a career t unwin geography  
attachment chemistry of organic molecules on si ( 111 ) -7 7 f tao gq xu acc . chem . res 2004.0 
nonparametric tests of portfolio efficiency under static and dynamic conditions eb dumas j sengupta   
what can hierarchies do for data warehouses ? hv jagadish lvs lakshmanan d srivastava proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
adding verbal hints to a learning interface e stoehr hha lieberman proceedings of acm  
preemptive scheduling of uniform processor systems t gonzalez s sahni journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1978.0 
a dbms for large design automation databases mn haynie   
object identification in compressed view-dependent multiresolution meshes m grabner h tschemmernegg submitted for publication 2003.0 
the logic of enactment l royakkers f dignum   
fast computation of sparse datacubes [ c ] ka ross d strivastava proc of the 23a vldb conf athens green  
a probabilistic relational model d dey s sarkar acm trans . database systems  
ontc-arpa technology development group gk chungâ ? ¦ experimental demonstration of a reconfigurable wdm/atm/sonet & hellip ;  
interactive result visualization and view management in multimedia databases '' ks candan e lemar vs subrahmanian & hellip ; to the special issue of the vldb journal on multimedia & hellip ;  
proxy servers.â ?? c catalano computerworld  
the price of beanie babies-and other web wonders for k-6 economics dl yoho social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
histopathology of cyclosporine nephrotoxicity mj mihatsch g thiel b ryffel transplant  
odeview : the graphical interface to ode r agmwal nh gehani j srinivasan sigmod record  
mobile video stream monitoring system ky lam ckh chiu proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
non-newtonian mechanics the mass of a moving body rc tolman phil . mag  
nist surface structure databaseâ ?? ver . 3.0 national institute of standards and technology pr watson ma van hove k hermann md  
the garbage collection advantage : improving program locality x huang   
individual differences and mis success : a review of the empirical literature rw zmud management science 1979.0 
ontology versioning and change detection on the web m klein d fensel a kiryakov d ognyanov lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
identification for long range predictive control ds shook c mohtadi sl shah iee proceedings d 1991.0 
comparative investigation into explosibility of brown coal and bituminous coal dust in surface and d reeh j michelis proceedings of the 23rd international conference of safety & hellip ;  
y. sagiv jd ullman efficient evaluation of right - left - and multi-linear rules jf nrsu rr naughton proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
â ?? b-blogs cause a stir k goodwin  2002.0 
incremental maintenance of recursive views using relational calculus/sql j su sigmod record 2000.0 
ermitteln unauthorisierter verteiler von maschinenlesbaren daten g caronni   
efficient object sampling via weak references o agesen a garthwaite   
on clustering and retrieval of video shots cw ngo tc pong   
andragogy and self-directed learning : pillars of adult learning theory sb merriam new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
redefining firm boundaries in the face of the internet : are firms really shrinking ? a afuah academy of management review 2003.0 
network architecture design for back-end storage networks rw watson ieee computer  
architectural issues of transaction management in multi-layered systems g weikum hj schek vldb 1984.0 
connecticut 's jobs first program : an analysis of welfare leavers . l melton d bloom  2000.0 
colouring graphs with prescribed induced cycle lengths b randerath   
principle component feature detector for motor cortical control j hu j si bp olson j he   
safety and efficacy of the rapid four-step technique for cricothyrotomy using a bair claw dp davis kj bramwell rs hamilton tc chan gm journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
pathologic changes in charcot-marie-tooth disorders jw griffin see ref  
designing for scalability s sundblad p sundblad microsoft  
social capital intellectual capital and the organizational advantage j nahapiet s ghoshal the academy of management review 1998.0 
use of an inverted file structure for interactive retrieval of computer program abstracts ac buschman acm sigmod record 1973.0 
editor 's notes r goldstein the american statistician 1996.0 
developing services for open eprint archives : globalisation integration and the impact of links s hitchcock   
understanding semantic relations v storey vldb journal  
efficient processing of interactive relational database queries expressed in logic . research paper dhd warren conference on very large  
a survey of terminal protocols fn magnee a endrizzi j day computer networks  
london : a sustainable city ? i livingstone area 2001.0 
microcomputer playfulness : stable or dynamic trait se yager la kappelman ga maples vr prybutok acm sigmis database 1997.0 
inverter-fed multiphase reluctance machines with reduced armature reaction and improved power r mayer h mosebach u schrã ¶ der h weh proc . int . conf . electrical machines  
acute pancreatitis secondary to ifosfamide r gerson a serrano a villalobos gl sternbach j journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
an introduction to spatial database systems rh gtlting spatial database systems of the vldb journal  
role-based security object-oriented database & separation of duties m nyanchama s osborn acm sigmod record  
qpipe : a simultaneously pipelined relational query engine s harizopoulos proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ; 2005.0 
assessment to improve student learning df brakke dt brown new directions for higher education 2002.0 
the soil microfungi of conifer-hardwood forests in wisconsin m christensen  1960.0 
a fast algorithm for calculating a tracker in statistical database d denning j schlorer acm transactions on database systems  
texture compression with adaptive block partitions ( poster session ) l levkovich-maslyuk p kalyuzhny a zhirkov proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
a lyre of savage thunder : a study of the poetry of roy campbell jf povey r campbell wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
library cooperation nr wylie tl yeager new directions for higher education 1999.0 
radar meteorology training at the us national weather service training center dl covey & hellip ; on radar meteorology zurich switzerland amer . meteor . soc  
modeling out-of-vocabulary words for robust speech recognition i bazzi j glass   
application graphics modeling support through object orientation e parris k william ieee computer  
phenomenon of cartilage shaping using moderate heating and its applications in otorhinolaryngology en sobol vn bagratashvili ap sviridov ai omel '   
comparing hybrid p2p systems b yang hg molina proc .  
building the virtual organization with electronic communication ws remingon r pedigo tl fox electronic markets 1998.0 
testing syntax and semantic coverage of java language compilers as boujarwah k saleh j al-dallal information & software technology 1999.0 
arithmetic methods trade off precision for numerical range r frisch b isenstein s stein electronic  
the many facets of transformative learning theory and practice v grabove new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
e-mail and www browsers : a forensic computing perspective on the need for improved user education v broucek p turner & hellip ; association international conference seattle washington & hellip ; 2002.0 
a perceptual pitch detector m slaney rf lyon   
high temperature epr study of superionic conductors and strongly exchange coupled paramagnets c evora ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1978.0 
molecular biology of adeno-associated viruses rm linden ki berns   
system rx : one part relational one part xml k beyer rj cochrane v josifovski j kleewein g proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
optimierungsbasierte regelung eines integrierten reaktiven chromatographischen trennprozesses ( a toumi s engell   
video parsing retrieval and browsing : an integrated and content-based solution hj zhang cy low sw smoliar   
context an associative media browser g davenport m murtaugh proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
blessing in an intimate note to the sincere seekers ss ravi-shankar  1999.0 
mak . eq â ?? self-serv : a platform for rapid composition of web services in a peer-to-peer environment qz sheng b benatallah m dumas proceedings of the 28 thvldb  
managing checkpoints for parallel programs j pruyne m livny lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
in acm sigmod int qrs estimation conf . on management of data san  
poetry 1962 : a partial view sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
rapid composition of domain-specific design environments a ledeczi a bakay m maroti p volgyesi g ieee computer  
to appear-b the rationality of epistemology and the rationality of ontology au frank rationality and irrrationality proceedings of the 23rd  
electrical activity of intestinal muscle under in vitro conditions cl prosser a bortoff see ref  
control and coordination policies for systems with buffers . in 1989 acm sigmetrics performance d mitra i mitrani acm press new  
ouvrages de rã © fã © rence sgml f chahuneau proceedings of : deuxiã ¨ me ã © cole d &#39; ã © tã © sgml talloires ( & hellip ;  
three-dimensional internet developments m crossley bt technology journal 1997.0 
intel and t. mudge . wrong-path instruction prefetching j pierce proc . 29th annual symp . and workshop on microprogramming and & hellip ;  
sex typing and androgyny : further explorations of the expressive domain sl bem w martyna c watson journal of personality and social psychology 1976.0 
benefits assessment ( isocccrates deliverable 3 ) a report on the isocccrates project published by c carter a thorpe an baldwin isbn  
introduction to qualitative research methods : a phenomenological approach to the social sciences r bogdan sj taylor  1975.0 
andasa wedelbo-hannson . a piece of butter on the pda display l weberg t brange proceedings of acm  
classes of logics representable as kernels of measures r mayet m navara   
the pegasus heteroge-neous multidatabase system . ieee com-puter 24 : 19-27 1991 . s. abiteboul and a r ahmedâ ? ¦ proc . acm sigmod  
nonstandard characteristics in asymptotic problems vp maslov proc . int . congr . math  
algebraic approaches to program semantics eg manes ma arbib  1986.0 
strategic preparedness : a critical requirement to maximize e-commerce investments ka saban electronic markets 2001.0 
resolving semantic heterogeneity through the explicit representation of data model semantics sd urban j wu sigmod record 1991.0 
the use of border collies in avian and wildlife control programs nb carter   
on the correctness of ibgp configuration g wilfong tg griffin proc . acm sigcomm  
estimate of the risk of environmental contamination during the operation of a nuclear power plant ii kryshev ep ryazantsev at .  
report on the object-oriented database workshop held in conjuction with oopsla '88 j joseph s thatte cw thompson dl wells sigmod record  
content-based queries in image databases u shaft r ramakrishnan computer sciences technical report-university of wisconsin & hellip ; 1996.0 
a moose and a fox can aid scientists with data management problems 1993 j wiener y ioannidis submitted for  
effectiveness of various airway management techniques in a bench model simulating a cardiac arrest h ocker v wenzel p schmucker v dorges journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
digital photo browsing with souvenirs e van den hoven b eggen   
best-effort cache synchronization with source cooperation c olston j widom sigmod conference 2002.0 
electronic business systems w lamersdorf a bartelt d fahrenholtz mt tu computer networks 2001.0 
stlucia key facts area 2001.0 
social capital development and access to resources in highland ecuador [ * ] . a bebbington t perreault economic geography 1999.0 
exporting a brs/search structured database to an access database on a web accessible windows nt j meyer c cooper s normann proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
the arena system of the black grouse ( lyrurus tetrix tetrix ( l. ) ) jp kruijt gj de vos i bossema proc int ornithol congr  
the complexity of reusing and modifying rulebases aj bonner   
ellicott city w protection md  
searching in metric spaces with user-defined and approximate distances p ciaccia m patella acm transactions on database systems 2002.0 
metrics outlier analysis and the software design process . m shepperd d ince information and software technology 1989.0 
simulation of the effect of o 2 and h 2 on the concentration of radiolysis products in the vvã?r -440 bg ershov av gordeev at .  
automatic normalistation and entity : relationship generation through attributes and roles k meyer j doughty acm sigmod record 1984.0 
sala-i-martin xavier ( 1995 ) economic growth rj barro new  
transport mechanisms in the choroid plexus m pollay fed proc 1974.0 
integrated price and reliability regulation : the european experience v ajodhia   
twenty-year follow-up on the effect of hla matching on kidney transplant survival and prediction of pi terasaki y cho s takemoto m cecka d transplantation proceedings 1996.0 
networking saves $ $ for new york school district . k forman electronic education 1983.0 
technology transfer in liberalized indian economy : a critical analysis . civilization modern pk de international conference on management of technology iamot . & hellip ;  
decision analysis tools for genco dispatch gb sheble proc . 21st int . conf . power ind. comput .  
bounded aggregation : offering a precision-performance tradeoff in replicated systems c olston j widom proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;  
â ?? crystal growth and ferroelectric related properties of ( 1â ?? x ) pb ( a 1/3 nb 2/3 ) o 3â ?? xpbtio 3 se park ml mulvihill pd lopath m zipparo tr see  
condensation method of demonstrating the ionization of air ctr wilson phil . mag  
regulation of alternative splicing of alpha-actinin transcript by bruno-like proteins h suzuki y jin h otani k yasuda k inoue genes to cells 2002.0 
querying database knowledge a motro q yuan   
pleurodesis for malignant pleural effusions p shaw r agarwal cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
congressional samples for approximate answering of group-by queries s acharya pb gibbons v poosala sigmod conference 2000.0 
dynamic resource allocation for multi-user query execution dl davison  1995.0 
polynomial filtering in latent semantic indexing for information retrieval e kokiopoulou y saad proceedings of acm sigir 2004.0 
after hurs : web excursions ' j triverio pc magazine  
partitioned garbage collection or a large object store u maheshwari b liskov & hellip ; of the acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
machine learning applications to power systems n hatziargyriou   
non-overlapping domain decomposition and heterogeneous modeling used in solving free boundary b jiang  1999.0 
principles of an icons-based language c frasson m er-radi acm sigmod record 1986.0 
wiesbaden : gabler 1 998 . 267 5 d von hubert hugo   
capabilities-based query answering in mediator systems y papakostantinou a gupta l haas conference on parallel and distributed information systems & hellip ;  
mediametro : browsing multimedia document collections with a 3d city metaphor p chiu a girgensohn s lertsithichai w polak f proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
predicalc : a logical spreadsheet management system m kassoff lm zen a garg m genesereth proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
tomgruber and jeffrey van baalen . knowledge sharing technology project overview r fikes m cutkosky technical report ksl 91-71 stanford university knowledge  
a traverse of the margin of the ionian basin to the hellenides : a coincident seismic survey and m sachpazi a hirn m loucoyannakis spec . publ . geol . soc . greece athens  
13 c cp/mas nmr studies of hemoprotein models with and without an axial hindered base : 13 c ip gerothanassis m momenteau pj barrie cg acc . chem . res 1987.0 
local model checking for real-time systems ov sokolsky sa smolka lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
geo-economic competition and trade bloc formation : united states german and japanese exports 1968 jo ` loughlin l anselin economic geography 1996.0 
mining access patterns efficiently from web logs j pei j han b mortazavi-asl h zhu lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
dynamic data flow analysis for java programs as boujarwah k saleh j al-dallal information & software technology 2000.0 
sane expert and factual testimony le ledray l barry journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
incremental maintenance of materialized ontologies r volz s staab b motik lecture notes in computer science  
financing participation in consortia mj maydew new directions for higher education 1999.0 
third-generation database system manifesto '' cad function sigmod record  
lausen . f-logic : ahigherorderlanguage forreasoningabout objects inheritance and scheme m kiferandg acm sigmod international conf . on management of data  
non-linear and non-stationary time series analysis academic press mb priestley san diego  
andj . meredith . thesequoia2000storagebenchmark m stonebraker j frew k gardels proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference  
an amateurâ ?? s introduction to recursive query processing f bancilhon r ramakrishnan proc . of sigmod  
tina dacus lann bookout and jim patek '' water availability modeling project : year 1-concept plan k sokulsky proceedings of the 25 thwater for texas conference water  
6.0 professional edition c visual microsoft corporation  
on accessing object-oriented databases : expressive power complexity and restrictions r hull j su proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1989.0 
the role of visual rhetoric in the design and production of electronic books : the visual book m landoni electronic library 2000.0 
introduction to the statistical analysis of categorical data eb andersen  2001.0 
personal interview with author d byrd  2004.0 
mapping self-organized criticality to criticality d sornette a johansen i dornic j. phys . i  
mining the link structure of the www s chakrabarti b dom d gibson j kleinberg sr ieee computer  
a lagrangian relaxation method for approximating the analytic center of a polytope '' m kojima n megiddo s mizuno   
using schema matching to simplify heterogenous data translations t milo s zohar proc . of international conference on very large data bases (  
revision of the self-monitoring scale rd lennox rn wolfe journal of personality and social psychology 1984.0 
quench bomb investigation of a 2 o 3 formation from solid rocket propellants ( part 2 ) : analysis of m salita proceedings of the 25 th jannaf combustion meeting  
roussoploulos . adaptiveselectivity estimation using query feedback cm chenandn proc . of the acm sigmod conference  
surface and coating technology k velez jf quinson c duret-thual   
c3wpf scheduler r agrawal a bedekar rj la vg subramanian proc . itc  
client-level outcomes of mental health services for children and adolescents ca heflinger new directions for program evaluation  
source acm sigmod record archive t sellis s mehrotra acm sigmod record 2001.0 
report on a trip downtown . ko doyle new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
poly3dgui a new graphical interface for industrial use : architecture and functionality f maerten l maerten d. pollard & a. aydin eds. proceedings of the stanford & hellip ;  
implementing the beam and warming method on the hypercube jl bruno pr cappello   
javascript dpunkt . verlag s koch   
implementation of a nurse practitioner-staffed fast track c covington t erwin f sellers journal of emergency nursing 1992.0 
some shortcomings of ocl the object constraint constraint language of uml m vaziri d jackson technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
modelling of features and feature interaction patterns in nokia mobile phones using coloured petri l lorentsen ap tuovinen j xu proceedings of the 23rd international conferece on theory & hellip ;  
results of survey of use of ssadm in commercial and government sectors in united kingdom hm edwards jb thompson p smith information and software technology 1989.0 
mechanistic aspects of-bond-cleavage reactions of aromatic radical cations e baciocchi m bietti o lanzalunga acc . chem . res 2000.0 
adding geographic scopes to web resources mj silva b martins m chaves   
verificationof multiple-valuedlogic networks r drechsler proc . 26th int . symp . on multiple-valuedlogic  
conceptual model of service reputation em maximilien mp singh special section on semantic web and data management sigmod & hellip ;  
'' the third-geheration/oodbms manifesto commercial version '' frank manola gte laboratories oo databases sigmod record 1991.0 
efficient implementation of large-scale multi-structural databases r fagin p kolaitis r kumar j novak d sivakumar proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
prolonged survival after liver transplantation and cancer chemotherapy for advanced-stage bi carr r selby j madariaga s iwatsuki transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
a timing-based schema for stabilizing information exchange in networks a arora d poduska proc . int . conf . on computer networks  
mining data streams : a review mm gaber a zaslavsky s krishnaswamy sigmod record 2005.0 
relevamiento de niveles de pesticidas agrãcolas en aguas y tejidos de peces en las grandes lagunas i final r quirã ³ s area 2001.0 
transformation-based learning using multirelational aggregation ma krogel s wrobel lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
broadband signalling-acronyms ig dufour bt technology journal 1998.0 
nearest neighbor queries n rossopoulos s kelly f vincent proc . of acm-sigmod  
edith penrose economics and strategic management nj foss   
exploiting medium access diversity in rate adaptive wireless lans z ji y yang j zhou m takai r bagrodia proceedings of acm mobicom 2004.0 
p. schwar z. aries : a transaction recovery method supporting ne-granularity locking and partial c mohan d haderle b lindsay h pirahesh acm transactions on database systems  
insiders slam navy intranet d verton computerworld  
a systematic review of existing quality assessment tools used to assess the quality of diagnostic p whiting a rutjes j dinnes jb reitsma p   
â ?? no hairâ ?? : twenty-five years after jd bekenstein proceedings of the second andrei d. sakharov conference in & hellip ;  
it acceptance : managing user-it group boundaries d gefen cm ridings data base for advances in information systems 2003.0 
languages for relational databases over interpreted structures in â ?? pods 1997 m benedikt l libkin proceedings of the sixteenth acm-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ;  
a. e1 abbadi . efficient integration and aggregation of historical information m riedewald d agrawal technical report 2002-07 university of california santa  
intelligent systems volume-1 : knowledge representation social and psychological impact of pam gelepithis  2001.0 
'' everything old is new again '' : early reflections on the '' new chicago school '' m tushnet wisconsin law review 1998.0 
ties that bind jm wexler computerworld  
meeting the userâ ?? s intention in programming by demonstration systems . m sassin s bocionek proc acquisition learning and demonstration workshop  
development of financial markets and corporate governance in the russian federation j litwak aaass meetings in seattle washington ( november )  
taking multicultural math seriously . perspectives . cc shaw social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
innovative programs and curricula . ep martin new directions for higher education 1975.0 
taylor 's pig-tale : a historical analysis of frederick w. taylor 's pig-iron experiments cd wrege ag perroni the academy of management journal 1974.0 
a genetic approach for outlier detection in high-dimensional data-sets l boudjeloud f poulet modeling computation and optimization in information & hellip ;  
routine anticonvulsants for treating cerebral malaria m meremikwu ag marson cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
the generalized tree protocol : an efficient approach for managing replicated data d agarwal ae abbadi acm transactions on database systems  
the complexity of querying indefinite information about linearly ordered domains r van der meyden proceedings of the 11th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium  
two-dimensional electrophoresis of proteins discriminates aphid clones of sitobion avenae differing d papura e jacquot ca dedryver s luche g archives of virology 2002.0 
take a walk grow a tree sb bc jy cat proc . 29th annual ieee symposium on foundations of computer & hellip ;  
an array-based algorithm for simultaneous multidimensional aggregates y zhao pm deshpande jf naughton sigmod conference 1997.0 
semantic caching of web queries b chidlovskii um borghoff the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
mathematical programming approaches to machine learning and data mining ps bradley  1998.0 
speed system memory by interleaving dram accesses . n mekhiel electronic design 1989.0 
adaptive scheduling with client resources to improve www server scalability d andresen t yang  1996.0 
empirical bayes screening for link analysis a goldenberg a moore   
angular distribution frequency and absorption of slow single cosmic ray protons s lattimore phil . mag 1949.0 
assessing emergency medicine resident communication skills using videotaped patient encounters : gaps s rosenzweig tp brigham rd snyder g xu aj journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
polar attributes of supercritical carbon dioxide . p raveendran y ikushima sl wallen acc . chem . res 2005.0 
xmark : a benchmark for xml data management a schmidt f waas ml kersten mj carey i vldb 2002.0 
relative information : theories and applications g jumarie  1990.0 
an efficient and scalable approach to cnn queries in a road network hj cho cw chung & hellip ; of the 31st international conference on very large data & hellip ; 2005.0 
marine barite [ ph. d. thesis ] : university of california t church san diego  
12th intern . zeolite conf. baltimore p wagner si zones rc medrud me davis md  
domesticating a crisis : washington newsbeats human interest stories and international news in the t cook science research council . seattle washington  
on the decidability and complexity of integrating ontologies and rules r rosati journal of web semantics 2005.0 
slavery and economic response among the vai ( liberia and sierra leone ) se holsoe see ref  
etal. atimedpetri-netmodelfor fine-grain loop scheduling gr gao proc . of acm  
identification and optimization of sharing patterns for scalable shared-memory multiprocessors s kaxiras  1998.0 
skew handling techniques in sort-merge join w li d gao rt snodgrass   
harbor porpoise phocoena phocoena population assessment studies for oregon and washington in 1993 . s osmek pe rosel ae dizon rl delong md  
us army corps of engineers we station   
fu-fighters team description f von hundelshausen s behnke r rojas d. polani et al. ( herausgeber ) robocup-proceedings of the & hellip ;  
a language facility for designing database-intensive facilities j mylopoulos pa bernstein hkt wong acm transactions on database systems  
a necessary condition for a doubly recursive rule to be equivalent to a linear recursive rule w zhang ct yu   
recruitment and retention of women graduate students in computer science and engineering : results of j cuny w aspray   
clustering objects on a spatial network ml yiu n mamoulis proc . acm sigmod conf 2004.0 
modeling and simulating semiconductor devices using vhdl-ams h carter proc . ieee/acm bmas  
cognitive science and the work of reform df halpern new directions for higher education 2002.0 
wanxian yangtze bridge . g yan zh yang struct . eng . int . ( iabse zurich switzerland )  
c. mmp-a multi-mini-processor wa wulf cg bell proc . afips  
interbase : a multidatabase prototype system oa bukhres j chen ak elmagarmid x liu jg   
effect of repetitive doses of soluble human complement receptor type 1 on survival of discordant w xia dt fearon rl kirkman transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
increasing minority students ' success in calculus mv bonsangue de drew new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
atmospheric infrared sounder ( airs ) on the earth observing system hh aumann c miller proceedings of spie 1995.0 
fuzzy sets fuzzy logic applications 1995 world scientific publishing co g bojadziev   
interventions for the treatment of burning mouth syndrome jm zakrzewska am glenny h forssell cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
a. defanti t. 1993 . surround-screen projection-based virtual reality : the design and implementation c cruz-neira dj sandin proceedings of acm  
re-evaluation of the cancridae latreille 1802 ( decapoda : brachyura ) including three new genera and ce schweitzer rm feldmann contributions to zoology 2000.0 
regional event identification research in eastern asia sr taylor   
histamine and gastric secretion : a later look 1955â ?? 1965 cf code fed proc 1965.0 
research centers u cetintemel acm sigmod record 2005.0 
infrared extinction and standardization ef milone proceedings of two sessions of iau commissions 25 and 9 held & hellip ; 1989.0 
on the algorithmic implementation of multiclass kernel-based vector machines k crammer y singer journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
on the discovery of interesting patterns in association rules s ramaswamy s mahajan a silberschatz vldb 1998.0 
concept-based interactive query expansion bm fonseca p golgher b pã ´ ssas b ribeiro-neto proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
an adaptable and adjustable mapping from xml data to tables in rdb w xiao-ling l jin-feng d yi-sheng proceedings of the vldb 2002 workshop eextt and caise 2002 & hellip ; 2003.0 
home is where your phone is : usability evaluation of mobile phone ui for a smart home t koskela k vaananen-vainio-mattila l lehti lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
far-field optical microscopy of single metal nanoparticles . ma van dijk m lippitz m orrit acc . chem . res 2005.0 
on the thermoelastic thermomagnetic and pyro-electric properties of matters w thomson phil . mag  
causal type system for ambient movements t amtoft submitted for publication 2002.0 
research issuesinspatial databases o guenther a buchmann acm sigmod record  
the mechanics of ship collisions z shengming denmark technical university of denmark  
analysis and design : critical ... yet complicated analysis and design have increased in both l gates application development trends 2001.0 
â ?? specification and implementation of exceptions in workflow management systems & rdquo f casati s ceri s paraboschi g pozzi acm trans . database systems  
efficient xml-to-sql query translation : where to add the intelligence ? r krishnamurthy r kaushik j naughton proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
relational instance-based learning with lists and terms t horvã ¡ th s wrobel u bohnebeck machine learning 2001.0 
the island fox ; a field study of its behavior and ecology : unpublished ph. d ll laughrin  1977.0 
the definition and measurement of oviposition preference in plant-feeding insects mc singer insect-plant interactions 1986.0 
improved performance of database systems by buffer pool cache assignment h levy tg messinger rjt morris   
diffusion in spherical shells and a new method of measuring the thermal diffusivity constant rm barrer phil . mag  
new directions for theory and research on teaching : a review of the past twenty years m theall new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
improving semantic specification in a relational database e sciore   
on the self-similarity of the logistic map zj grzywna ls liebovitch z siwy cellular and molecular biology letters 1997.0 
information : americaâ ?? s favorite investment p strassmann computerworld 1996.0 
dynamic fine-grained localization in ad-hoc networks of sensor networks ch savvides m strivastava proceedings of acm mobicom  
future domain powerscsi connects peripherals j karney pc magazine 1993.0 
foucault and architecture p hirst see ref  
an accurate model for analyzing wireless tcp performance with the coexistence of non-tcp traffic f hu nk sharma j ziobro computer networks 2003.0 
sondex/ozex campaigns of dual ozonesondes flights : report on the data analysis r stã 1/4 bi  2002.0 
nutrient potential of indigenous fruits and vegetables in sarawak cy sim bh voon proc . 29th annual research officersâ ?? conference & hellip ;  
granularity issues in a knowledge-based programming environment ph feiler ge kaiser information and software technology 1987.0 
standardized terminology for clinical trial protocols based on ontological top-level categories b heller h herre k lippoldt m lã ¶ ffler   
the semantic integration workshop at iswc 2003 a doan a halevy n noy sigmod record 2004.0 
stepping into elementary schools in japan sl field ld labbo social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
the case for enhanced abstract data types p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
eradication therapy for peptic ulcer disease in helicobacter pylori positive patients a ford b delaney d forman p moayyedi cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
global/local subtyping and capability inference for a distributed - calculus p sewell lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
integrated service modelling for online one-stop government ma wimmer electronic markets 2002.0 
the semantic data model : a modelling mechanism for data base applications m hammer d mcleod   
first international symposium on gis in fishery sciences t nishida seattle washington usa ( abstracts )  
passive testing and application to the gsm-map protocol m tabourier a cavalli information and software technology 1999.0 
responsibility sharing between sophisticated users and professionals in structured prototyping n pliskin p shoval information and software technology 1989.0 
cd-rom . 2000 ed e encyclopedia california : microsoft  
easyliving : ubiquitous computing & the role of geometry b brumitt j krumm b meyers s shafer   
trade credit quality guarantees and product marketability ms long ib malitz sa ravid financial management 1993.0 
subject knowledge source of terms and term selection in query expansion : an analytic study . p vakkari proceedings ( glasgow uk march 25â ?? 27 2002 )  
the outcome of steatotic grafts in liver transplantation r adam m reynes m johann m morino i transplant proc 1991.0 
optimal on-line algorithms for single-machine scheduling ja hoogeveen apa vestjens lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
shifts and twists in the relative productivity of skilled labor : reconciling accelerated sbtc with a dupuy p marey unpublished manuscript  
a conceptual model of wayfinding using multiple levels of abstraction s timpf gs volta dw pollock mj egenhofer lecture notes in computer science 1992.0 
the influence of cognitive load on self-presentation : can cognitive busyness help as well as harm ba pontari br schlenker journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
analysis and simulation of dynamics in probabilistic p systems d besozzi g mauri d pescini c zandron  2005.0 
social motivation self-esteem and social identity ma hogg d abrams social identity theory : constructive and critical advances 1990.0 
a review and empirical analysis of feature weighting methods for a class of lazy learning algorithms d wettschereck dw aha t mohri artificial intelligence review  
integrative modeling of the technology management system ' innovation in technology management-the ga geistauts tg eschenbach & hellip ; of the portland international conference on management of & hellip ;  
provision of market services for eco compliant electronic market places s arpinar a dogac sigmod record 2000.0 
the dynamics of informal employment in mã © xico b roberts us department of labor bureau of international labor & hellip ;  
metrics and measurement : software sizing through function point analysis c jones application development trends 1996.0 
dissemination of dynamic data p deolasee a katkar a panchbudhe k ramamritham proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
rantes antagonist ( met-rantes ) controls acute t. cruzi-elicited myocarditis a marino mm teixeira lmo pinto j lannes-vieira   
bisimulation-based non-deterministic admissible interference and its application to the analysis of j mullins s lafrance information and software technology 2003.0 
waxweb3 d blairâ ? ¦ interactive www/vrml demonstration  
the throughflow within ombai strait r molcard m fieux f syamsudin deep-sea research i 2001.0 
chip-secured data access : reconciling access rights with data encryption l bouganim fd ngoc p pucheral l wu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
updating relational databases through xml views v braganholo   
solving the state assignmentproblemfor signal transition graphs l lavagno c moon r brayton a sangiovanni - proc . of 29th acmieee design automation conference  
impact on families : young adults with learning disability who show challenging behaviour h qureshi research to practice  
vtew indexrng an relatronal databaeecr n roussopoulos acm transactions on database systems ( 7 )  
plant ecological variation and pattern in the lower omo basin cj cart see ref  
information management for genome level bioinformatics nw paton ca goble proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
1987 . analysis of object oriented spatial access methods c faloutsos t sellis n roussopoulos proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
transport identification by neural network in jet itb regimes g tresset cd challis x garbet x litaudon m   
groundwater modelling of wanilla catchment using flownet analysis j rodert m teubner proceedings of water 99 joint congress 25 thhydrology and & hellip ;  
cy andh . v. jagadish . schema-free xquery y li proc . of vldb  
gigascope : high performance network monitoring with an sql interface c cranor y gao t johnson v shkapenyuk o proc . of the 2002 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of  
responding to : 20huh ? â ?? : answering vaguely articulated follow-up questions jd moore acm sigchi bulletin 1989.0 
union responses to nafta in the us and canada : explaining intra-and international variation m dreiling i robertson mobilization-san diego - 1998.0 
novel whispering-gallery resonators for lasers modulators and sensors vs ilchenko l maleki proc .  
the principles practice and pitfalls of nearest-neighbour analysis in linear situations da pinder me witherick geography  
local rules modeling of nucleation-limited virus capsid assembly r schwartz pe prevelige jr b berger   
theory and practice of electro-remediation r lageman nato/ccms pilot study : demonstration of remedial action & hellip ;  
speedier adcs pickup more bits and samples a bindra  1999.0 
factors in navelina orange splitting v de cicco f intrigliolo a ippolito s vanadia proc . int . soc . citricult  
qos requirements for a voice-over-ip pstn g hunt p arden bt technology journal 2005.0 
areference information for the software verification and validation process @ nist sp 500-234 nist dr wallace l ippolito b cuthill md  
student recruitment and admissions . c allen new directions for higher education 1983.0 
phylogenetic inference using evolutionary multi-objective optimisation l poladian ls jermiin & hellip ; and evolutionary computation conference seattle washington 2004.0 
gold determination in ore and concentrated samples by flame atomic absorption spectrometry after a rivoldini t haile at . spectrosc. 1989.0 
high strain rate behavior in 4340 steel . private communication the johns hopkins university kt ramesh md  
dysregulation of cyclin d1 by translocation into an igh gamma switch region in two multiple myeloma m chesi pl bergsagel la brents cm smith ds   
asequential sampling algorithm for a general class of utility criteria t scheffer s wrobel knowledge discovery and data mining  
resources in human-computer interaction ea fox  1990.0 
ediâ ?? the grand daddy of electronic commerce m unitt ic jones bt technology journal 1999.0 
magnetic resonance imaging with implanted neurostimulators : a first numerical approach using finite ma golombeck a staubert vm tronnier   
toxicity and tolerance in the responses of plants to metals hw woolhouse encyclopedia of plant physiology new series 1983.0 
sticky prices : ipo pricing on nasdaq and the neuer markt w aussenegg p pichler a stomper   
on-line selectivity estimation for xml path expressions using markov histograms l lim m wang s padmanabhan js vitter r parr   
sat-based model checking : a tutorial and overview p bjesse m sheeran g stalmarck submitted for publication february  
evaluation of remote backup algorithms for transaction processing systems h garcia-molina c polyzois acm transactions on database systems  
some conjectures in the block theory of solvable restricted lie algebras j feldvoss  1993.0 
a formal framework for evaluating multiattribute software specifications university of maryland at sr cardenas-garcia md  
multichannel blind identification : from subspace to maximum likelihood methods l tong s perreau proceedings-ieee 1998.0 
electronic ballast improves efficiency r verderber electronic consultant  
hickman catheter-related infections in neutropenic patients : insertion in the operating theater jl nouwen jj wielenga h van overhagen js submitted for  
the myth of regionalisation in europe-rhetoric and reality of an ambivalent concept a grasse journal of european area studies 2001.0 
noise figures of radio receivers ht friis proc . ire  
shmueli 0 . ( 1992 ) composite evlent specification in active databases : model and implementation n gehani h jagadish & hellip ; of the 18th vldb conference vancouver british columbia  
towards a semantic view of an extended entity-relationship model u hohenstein m gogolla acm transactions on database systems  
dorais christianplaunt andrichardwashington . theremote agent executive : capabilities to support ga barneypell procs . of the aaai spring symp . on integrated robotic & hellip ;  
benchmarking spatial join operations with spatial output eg hoel h samet proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
a global illumination algorithm for general reflectance distributions fx sillion j arvo s westin d greenberg proceedings of acm siggraph  
new cyclic difference sets with singer parameters jf dillon h dobbertin submitted for  
a psychologically based system of response classification he adams ja doster ks calhoun see ref  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?efficiently updating materialized views ã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc ja blakeley p larson fw tompa acm sigmod  
slipping into and out of poverty : the dynamics of spells mj bane dt ellwood the journal of human resources 1986.0 
continuously adaptive query processing r avnur jmh eddies  2000.0 
kornatzky . ( 1995 ) . thelyric language : queringconstraintobjects . incareyandschneider editors a brodsky & y proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of  
effect of repeated administration of antidepressants on serotonin uptake sites in limbic and gb kovachich ce aronson dj brunswick neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1992.0 
koorde : a simple degree-optimal distributed hash table mf kaashoek dr karger lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
an effective on-line deadlock detection technique for distributed database management a elmagarmid acm sigmod record  
fast breakpoints : design and implementation pb kessler   
effects of group identity on resource use in a simulated commons dilemma rm kramer mb brewer journal of personality and social psychology 1984.0 
dbcache : a project on database caching support for web applications c mohan   
design and analysis of parametric query optimization algorithms s ganguly proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
the fifth text retrieval conference ( trec-5 ) national institute of standards and technology dk harman md  
directory-based cache management in multiprocessors h cheong av veidenbaum ieee computer  
application of acoustic emission technique to determination of in situ stresses in mines m utagawa m seto k katsuyama proc . 26th int . conf . safety in mines research institute vol  
query pre-execution and batching in paradise y yu d dewitt proc . international conference on very large databases  
s. dar and hv jagadish.â ?? direct transitive closure algorithms : design and performance evaluation ur agrawal acm trans . database syst . . to appear . ( preliminary version  
c. yu . ( 2002 ) . timber : a native xml database hv jagadish s al-khalifa a chapman lvs the vldb  
la form prã © dicat de la matiere ? j brunschwig & hellip ; sur la mdtaphysique d &#39; aristote proceedings of the sixth & hellip ;  
the use of 3 he tubes in a neutron monitor latitude survey r pyle p evenson jw bieber jm clem je humble proc . of the 26th int . cosmic ray conf. salt lake city  
solidification by cementation of radioactively contaminated natural waters vn epimakhov ms oleinik vv martynov at .  
tutorial : constraint programming and database languages p kanellakis proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod sigart symposium on & hellip ; 1995.0 
dylan thomas r maud wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
e-product development ( epd ) for mass customization m helander j jiao   
a preliminary study of macrofungus species richness in mature and old growth picea sitchensis/tsuga gr walker & hellip ; paper . university of washington seattle washington  
dissertation r mathar a bei ein und mehrdimensionalen aachen technical university  
some aspects of array signal processing s haykin jp reilly v kezys e vertatschitsch iee proceedings 1992.0 
a flexible software analysis tool twg docker information and software technology 1987.0 
property-dependent modular model checking application to vhdl with computational results f rahim proc . intâ ?? l workshop hldvt  
helical sense of ribbon assemblies and splayed microfibrils of bacterial cellulose a hirai m tsuji f horii fiber 1998.0 
macrocultures : determinants and consequences e abrahamson cj fombrun the academy of management review 1994.0 
evolutionary techniques for updating query cost models in a dynamic multidatabase environment a rahal q zhu pã ? larson the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
three-year impacts of connecticutâ ?? s jobs first welfare reform initiative r hendra c michalopoulos d bloom   
activity-based analyses lead to better decision making s player healthcare financial management 1998.0 
altered patterns of calbindin d-28k-immunoreactivity in adult and neonatal mouse brains exposed to v maharajan p maharajan r prencipe g ravagnan proc 29th international narcotics research conference & hellip ;  
reinterpreting the category utility function b mirkin machine learning 2001.0 
xmdvtool : visual interactive data exploration and trend discovery of high-dimensional data sets ea rundensteiner mo ward j yang pr doshi sigmod conference 2002.0 
computing iceberg queries efficiently nsh garcia-molina tech . report stanford database group tech . report november  
the mitdice project d sriram r logcher ieee computer  
the first commercial supercritical water oxidation sludge processing plant jw griffith dh raymond waste management 2002.0 
wic : a general-purpose algorithm for monitoring web information sources s pandey k dhamdhere c olston proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
the struggles of minority students at predominantly white universities rw saufley ko cowan h black new directions for teaching and learning  
the new second generation a portesâ ? ¦  1996.0 
balancing push and pull for data broadcast '' m franklin s zdonik proceedings of the acm sigmod may  
ecological methodology : harper collins publishers cj krebs new york  
intussusception following a baby walker injury gp conners ce weber rw emmens journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
a model for the software engineering component of a software engineering curriculum dj bagert information and software technology  
microsatellite variation demonstrates multiple paternity in lekking cichlid fishes from lake malawi ka kellogg ja markert jr stauffer td kocher proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
solving alignment using elementary linear algebra d bau i kodukula v kotlyar k pingali p lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
dynamically scoped functions as the essence of aop p costanza   
hyperqueries : dynamic distributed query processing on the internet a kemper c wiesner proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
information integration : the momis project demonstration d beneventano s bergamaschi s castano a corni   
design and control of a large call center : asymptotic analysis of an lp-based method a bassamboo jm harrison a zeevi submitted for publication 2004.0 
on the tear strength of rubbers an gent aw henry proc . int . rubber conf. brighton  
recent ethnic german migration from eastern europe to the federal republic of germany and the former pn jones geography  
on the type accuracy of garbage collection m hirzel a diwan   
anisotropic plastic deformation of indium antimonide e peissker p haasen h alexander phil . mag  
the light is polar b bank m giusti j heintz lm pardo unpublished manuscript  
optical interconnections for vlsi systems jw goodman fj leonberger sy kung ra athale ieee proceedings 1984.0 
glossary of z notation jp bowen information and software technology  
gr . unhagen a kossmann d. xl : an xml programming language for web service sped . cation and d florescu computer networks  
equipment selection and utilization jm rendu proceedings on mine planning and equipment selection & hellip ; 1988.0 
games with incomplete information played byâ ?? bayesianâ ?? players iâ ?? iii jc harsanyi   
materialized views and data warehouses . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
antioxidant vitamin and mineral supplements for age-related macular degeneration jr evans cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
the determinants of goal commitment ea locke gp latham m erez the academy of management review 1988.0 
a modified lagrangeâ ?? s interpolation for image reconstruction s suthaharan & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems  
what 's in the middle ? sp benns baf crawford m touman bt technology journal 1999.0 
incorporating congestion feedback in b-isdn traffic management strategy o aboul-magd h gilbert proc . int . switching  
iso seeks to harmonize numerous global efforts in software process management mc paulk md konrad ieee computer  
june 1998 exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained associations rules r ng l lakshmanan j han a pang proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
imprecise computations jws liu wk shih kj lin r bettati proceedings-ieee 1994.0 
the personality structure of affect e diener h smith f fujita journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
the universal relation revisited ( technical correspondence ) w kent acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1983.0 
the pc magazine 100 most influential companies j kirchner pc magazine  
g-csf and gm-csf for treating or preventing neonatal infections r carr n modi c dore cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
economic control of quality of manufactured product wa shewart new york  
structural analysis of point defects in solids jm spaeth jr niklas rh bartram  1992.0 
sense meaning and perception in three dance cultures cjc bull see desmond  
the cg tutorial : the definitive guide to programmable real-time graphics . [ sl ] : addison-wesley pub co r fernando mj kilgard   
the peer support group needed to guide organizational change processes mj austin new directions for higher education 1997.0 
new materials and methods for permanent teaching displays . cc gilson j audiov media med 1978.0 
productivity : faith is n't enough j manzi computerworld  
realising effective intelligent network overload controls pm williams mj whitehead bt technology journal 2002.0 
managers ` perceptions of subordinates ' competence as a function of personal value orientations j senger the academy of management journal 1971.0 
finding pearls in an ocean of data r scheier computerworld  
assessing general education : trenton state college . w curry e hager new directions for higher education 1987.0 
the effect of worker productivity on production smoothing mg orrbeck dr schuette he thompson management science 1968.0 
experiments on the deposition of iodine 131 vapor onto surfaces ac chamberlain phil . mag  
picodbms : validation and experience ' . 27th int n anciaux c bobineau l bouganim p pucheral p conf . on very large data bases  
report on the first ieee international workshop on networking meets databases ( netdbâ ?? 05 ) c shahabi r govindan k aberer sigmod record 2005.0 
diluting acid . t kempster c stirling p thanisch sigmod record 1999.0 
global coding interpretive manual : ucla clinic study ca mccarty as lau sm valeri unpublished manuscript  
computers in class : some social and psychological consequences electronic learning 1988  1988.0 
uk demersal fisheries and the north sea : problems in renewable resource management d symes geography  
the cln3/swi6/cln2 pathway and snf1 act sequentially to regulate meiotic initiation in saccharomyces k purnapatre s piccirillo bl schneider sm genes to cells 2002.0 
in depth : is re-engineering still relevant ? : no d coleman computerworld  
admission control by implicit signaling in support of voice over ip over adsl a ram l dasilva a ram la dasilva s varadarajan computer networks 2004.0 
results of high-harmonic fast wave experiments on nstx dw swain jr wilson pm ryan ri pinsker md   
lopsided trees : algorithms analyses and applications '' automata languages and programming sn choi m golin proceedings of the 23rd international colloquium on automata  
use of integrated air quality management tools in urban areas as an improvement in environmental k karatzas san diego  
index research ( panel session ) : forest or trees ? jm hellerstein hp kriegel d comet c falsutsos acm computing surveys  
graph-based hierarchical conceptual clustering i jonyer dj cook lb holder journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
improvements in neural-network training and search techniques for continuous digit recognition jp hosom ra cole p cosi & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems (  
mixed voltage interface esd protection circuits for advanced microprocessor in shallow trench s voldman g gerosa proc . int . electron device  
the role of facial response in self-reports of emotion : a critique of laird wm winton journal of personality and social psychology  
seasonal grazing of locoweeds by cattle in northeastern new mexico mh ralphs d graham rj molyneux lf james journal of range management 1993.0 
nestream : querying nested streams d chatziantoniou a anagnostopoulos sigmod record 2004.0 
1987 no silver bullet : essence and accidents of software engineering fp brooks jr ieee  
safari sojourns : exploring south africa with the new geography standards ld labbo sl field dl brook social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
subnanosecond arithmetic second report mj flynn g de micheli r dutton rf pease b   
dual disorders : final report and recommendations on managing people with a coexisting mental health j mooney southern area health service nsw  
a. roger kaye modeling and simulation of self-similar variable bit rate compressed video : a unified c huang m devetsikiotis i lambadaris proc. acm siccommâ ?? 95  
program evaluation je sieber new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
a heuristic for domain independent planning and its use in an enforced hill-climbing algorithm j hoffmann lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
transaction timestamping in ( temporal ) databases cs jensen db lomet proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
interferometric pmd measurement of an amplified link n cyr b ruchet r roberge p cantin proc . 29th eur . conf . optical communication  
may 1996 . [ sow84 ] a. shoshani f. olken and hkt wong . characteristicsofscientific databases . inproc i gubbio 10th international vldb  
precipitation in aluminum-copper alloys containing germanium additions ge thompson b noble phil . mag. 1973.0 
internet protocol version 6 ( ipv6 ) 2000 microsoft windows 2000 tcp/ip protocols and services t lee j davies microsoft  
wangy ( 2000 ) niagaracq : a scalable continuous query system for internet databases j chen dt dewitt f tian proceedings of the acm sigmod  
detecting topical events in audio t syeda-mahmood s srinivasan proceedings of acm multimedia  
programming with shared actions : a methodology for developing distributed programs s ramesh ph. d. dissertation iit bombay india june  
compiler test suite : evaluation and use in an automated test environment a boujarwah k saleh information and software technology 1994.0 
evaluating new media systems re rice new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
tribes in the ethnography of nepal : some comments on a debate l caplan contribution to nepalese studies  
creating business value through information technology : the effects of chief information officer and cp armstrong v sambamurthy   
small forwarding tables for fast ip lookups a brodnik s carlsson m degermark s pink proc . of acm sigcomm  
a query language for list-based complex objects ls colby   
neural networks for nonlinear internal model control kj hunt d sbarbaro iee proceedings 1991.0 
routable technology mapping for lut fpgas n bhat d hill   
6nh s street sw london   
illustrating surgical procedures . f wadsworth j audiov media med 1978.0 
atomic and ionic impact phenomena on metal surfaces m kaminsky  1965.0 
impossible geographies of belonging . ' p gemeinboeck proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
modula a language for modular multlprogrammmg res rep 18 lnst fur lnformattk n wroth zurich switzerland  
sexual dimorphism sex ratios and polygyny in the red-winged blackbird cr haigh  1968.0 
broadcast disks : data management for asymmetric communications environments s achary m franklin s zdonik r alonso proceedings of the accm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
multiprocessor hash-based join algorithms r gerber d dewitt proc . vldb  
the use of ultrasound technology to determine gender of snakehead fish ( channa striatus ) . book of d montgomery bl leamaster rp weidenbach world aquacult . soc . meeting seattle washington usa  
static detection of security flaws in object-oriented databases k tajima sigmod conference 1996.0 
comb . and flame 6 ea arden j powling waw smith no . i  
antibiotics for leptospirosis f guidugli aa castro an atallah cochrane database syst rev  
olap services : semiadditive measures and inventory-white paper a netz microsoft corporation  
eine neue methode zur erforschung der zugorientierung und die bisher damit erzielten ergebnisse g kramer proc . int . ornithol . congr  
an improved topology discovery algorithm for networks with wormhole routing and directed links yy huang ml molle computer networks 1999.0 
a picture book of thomas jefferson holiday house new york 1990 d adler   
barbiturates for acute traumatic brain injury i roberts cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
generation of interactive multi-level video summaries f shipman a girgensohn l wilcox proceedings of acm 2003.0 
semantic queries with pictures : the vimsys model a gupta te weymouth r jain vldb 1991.0 
analysis of a token ring protocol for voice transmission jw wong pm gopal computer networks 1984.0 
efficient temporal-logic query checking for presburger systems d zhang r cleaveland proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
population stereotypes : an attempt to measure and define b bergum j bergum proceedings of the human factors society 25 thanâ nual & hellip ;  
location-based servicesâ ?? an overview of the standards pm adams gwb ashwell r baxter bt technology journal 2003.0 
microgravity levels measured during parabolic flights with kc-135 cb connor v pletser science demonstration experiments during parabolic flights & hellip ;  
exit-beihilfe zum suizid 1990â ?? 2000 e ulrich medical dissertation . university of zurich switzerland  
regional growth dynamics : a capabilities perspective mh best   
access to microsystem technology : the cmp services solution b charlot b courtois h delori jf paillotin k   
self-localization in large-scale environments for the bremen autonomous wheelchair a lankenau t rofer b krieg-bruckner lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
br badrinath data management for mobile computing t imielinski sigmod record  
the potential consequences of climate variability and change on coastal areas and marine resources . df boesch d scavia rw buddemeir v burkett dr md  
on estimating the cardinality of the projection of a database relation . tods 14 ( 1 ) : 28â ?? 40 1989 . r ahad kvb rao d mcleod   
theconceptassignmentproblemin program understanding tj biggerstaff procs . ieee working conf . onreverseengineering may21-23 & hellip ;  
location-based routing for vehicular ad-hoc networks h fuã?ler m mauve h hartenstein m kasemann d   
mining generalized association rules . in : proceedings of the 21st vldb conference r srikant r agrawal  1995.0 
safety assessment principles for nuclear power reactors hmni inspectorate isbn  
software performance engineering cu smith lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
new design of composite controllers for synchronous machines via separation of timescales np singh yp singh si ahson & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1988.0 
black is beautiful : a reexamination of racial preference and identification j hraba g grant journal of personality and social psychology 1970.0 
serendipitous information retrieval proceedings of the first delos network of excellence workshop on eg toms & hellip ; in digital libraries ( zurich switzerland december 11 -- 12  
scaling reinforcement learning toward robocup soccer p stone rs sutton   
scene organization using discriminant structural templates a torralba a oliva proc . int &#39; l conf . computer vision  
the political ecology of war : natural resources and armed conflicts p le billon political geography 2001.0 
optimal control of structural vibration using a maximum principle solved numerically in the space - a bazezew  1996.0 
db2 design advisor : integrated automated physical database design j rao s lightstone g lohman d zilio a storm c proc . vldb  
the carrot or the stick : the demands for rewards and punishments and their effects on cooperation j andreoni w harbaugh l vesterlund university of wisconsin  
hmmer 1.8 program : hidden markov models of proteins and dna sequence s eddy  1995.0 
energy losses of ionizing particles at relativistic velocities in the photographic plate h messel dm ritson phil . mag 1950.0 
formula-preferential systems for paraconsistent non-monotonic reasoning ( an extended abstract ) a avron i lev   
construct measurement in organizational strategy research : a critique and proposal n venkatraman jh grant the academy of management review 1986.0 
affect generalization and the perception of risk ej johnson a tversky journal of personality and social psychology  
interventions to improve antibiotic prescribing practices for hospital inpatients p davey e brown l fenelon r finch i gould g cochrane database syst rev 2005.0 
load balancing for agile wdm networks b zhou ht mouftah procs . of 21th biennial symposium on communications & hellip ;  
a set-handling approach for the no-response test and related methods r potthast submitted for  
catherine cookson country : tourist expectation and experience d pocock geography  
parallel algorithms for the execution of relational database operations d bitt831 bittonâ ? ¦ acm trans . database syst  
l. rivest th cormen ce leiserson andr introduction to  
us postage paid permit no. 8098 ridgely n org   
a. crespo : extracting semistructured information from the web j hammer h garcia-molina j cho r aranha sigmod record  
over-the-horizon radar in the hf band jm headrick mi skolnik ieee proceedings 1974.0 
video dilution technique : angiographic determination of splanchnic blood flow bmt lantz d link j holcroft jm forrster see ref  
an internet-based negotiation server for ee-commerce syw su c huang j hammer y huang h li l wang the vldb journal vol . 10 no1  
virtual worlds for visualizing information s feiner ieee computer 1991.0 
the social construction of international food : a new research agenda a arce tk marsden economic geography 1993.0 
performance of recovery architectures in parallel associative database processors . af cardenas f alavian a avizienis acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
toward a quantitative theory of the origin of life s rasmussen artificial life  
database research at ipsi e neuhold v turau acm sigmod record 1992.0 
toward efficient and robust software speculative parallelization on multiprocessors m cintra dr llanos   
chandrinoskvandspyropouloscd ( 2000b ) anexperimentalcomparisonofnaive bayesian and keyword-based anti kj androutsopoulosi proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir  
running microsoft excel 97 m dodge c kinata c stinson  1997.0 
surfactant biodegradation . rd swisherâ ? ¦   
itasca distributed odbms dk barry proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
rank/select operations on large alphabets : a tool for text indexing a golynski ji munro ss rao   
assessing the current state of intellectual relationships between the decision support systems area sb eom   
disciplinary differences in students ' perceptions of success : modifying misperceptions with vm menec rp perry new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
passive smoking and histological types of primary cancer of the lung n voropoulou doctoral thesis . athens greece : university of athens medical  
key-schedule cryptanalysis of idea g-des gost safer and triple-des j kelsey b schneier d wagner lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
sql/med â ?? a status report j melton je michels v josifovski k kulkarni p acm sigmod record 2002.0 
sensitization and conditioningâ ?? honeybee behaviour and electrophysiology of mushroom body feedback b grã 1/4 newald learning and memory . proceedings of the 23rd gã ¶ ttingen & hellip ;  
data base provides business model fa dottore computerworld  
olap data warehousing and materialized views : a survey aa vaisman   
algorithms implementing distributed shared memory university of toronto m stum s zhou ieee computer  
on the propagation of errors in the size of join results acm sigmod intl y ioannidis s christodoulakis conference on management of data  
exploiting inheritance and structure semantics for effective clustering and buffering in an object - ee chang   
the influence of sluice and water level fluctuation on landslides and rockfalls of the gorges z yuan x tang tropical geography 2003.0 
polymerase chain reaction monitoring reduces the incidence of cytomegalovirus disease and the h einsele   
the teacher as leader . e glassman new directions in teaching and  
artificial intelligence seen as the next big step in software evolution v dudek pc magazine september  
coping with serrano : voluntary contributions to californiaâ ?? s public schools . e brunner j sonstelie santa barbara : university of california at santa barbara . & hellip ;  
analysis of interacting bpel web services x fu t bultan j su   
k. matsui m sekido sen-i gakkaishi  
bringing sketching tools to keychain computers with an acceleration-based interface g levin p yarin   
85 nathan goodman dennis shasha semantically-based concurrancy control for search structures s goodman proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on  
efficient processing of spatial joins using r-trees . in : peter buneman sushil jajodia eds t brinkhoff h kriegel b seeger  1993.0 
making and selling bark products j mater r martin d williams r sarles f lamb r proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting in july  
interactive support for non-programmers : the relational and network approaches ef codd cj date proceedings of the 1975 acm sigfidet ( now sigmod ) workshop & hellip ; 1975.0 
personal history and professional career . m bloom m freedman new directions for higher education 1973.0 
smart cards are n't always the smart choice d chadwick   
a general method for scaling up machine learning algorithms and its application to clustering p domingos g hulten   
the supersid project : exploiting high-level information for high-accuracy speaker recognition da reynolds w andrews j campbell j navratil b   
arvind . specification of memory models and design of provably correct cache coherence protocols . csg x shen  1998.0 
whereâ ?? s 3d now ? d salvator pc magazine  
performance evaluation of carrier sense multiple access with collision detection f tobagi vb hunt computer networks  
local verification of global constraints in distributed databases a gupta j widom proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
report available from the nasa center for aerospace information 7121 standard drive hanover uus category md  
production of titanium alloy powders r seshadri r sundaresan ac raghuram powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ; 1980.0 
fast on-line implementation of two dimensional median filtering g garibotto l lambarelli electronic letters  
organizational environments and the multinational enterprise pm rosenzweig jv singh the academy of management review 1991.0 
why do citizens want to keep refugees out ? threats fairness and hostile norms in the treatment of wr louis j duck dj terry r schuller r lalonde unpublished manuscript  
hardware acceleration for spatial selections and joins c sun d agrawal sigmod conference 2003.0 
peer-to-peer computing : the new old thing jk waters application development trends 2001.0 
steps towards cache-resident transaction processing s harizopoulos a ailamaki proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
non-market and multicriteria evaluation methods for public goods and urban plans p lombardi & hellip ; of the international conference financial management of & hellip ;  
an adaptive visual environment for digital libraries mf costabile f esposito g semeraro n fanizzi international journal on digital libraries 1999.0 
cognitive requirements on making and interpreting maps t barkowsky c freksa lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
welfare women in a group job search program : their experiences in the louisville win research j gould-stuart  1982.0 
the feminine technique in is m johnson computerworld  
grumbach . arule-based languagewithfunctions and sets s abiteboul ands acm trans . on database  
an extended journey to assist at-risk students rd walleri jm stoering new directions for higher education 1997.0 
the size of minimum 3-trees : cases 0 and 1 mod 12 jl arocha j tey   
microwave optics s cornbleet appendix i  
australia in transition : cultural diversification and geopolitical reorientation b chalkley h winchester geography  
an efficient dynamic program slicing technique gb mund r mall s sarkar information & software technology  
ne xs ort : sorting xml in external memory a silberstein j yang data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
probability estimation of reliability and durability of reinforced concrete structures a kudzys  1992.0 
when good fit is bad : the dynamics of perceived fit mj davern   
intranets are exposing corporate networks to increased threat l didio computerworld  
chen p. p '' the entity-relationship model-toward a unified view of data pp chen acm transactions on database systems  
long-term studies of vertebrate communities : academic press ml cody ja smallwood san diego california  
dj and gerber r â ?? multlprocessor hash-based jom algorithms â ?? d dewitt proc  
stacking-fault energy of ni -- co-cr alloys eh koster ar tholen a howie phil . mag  
a simple model for parallel processing h flatt ieee computer  
making judgments about ability : the role of implicit theories of ability in moderating inferences r butler journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
technology energy and the environment gt mitchell  2000.0 
query execution techniques forcaching expensive methods jm hellerstein j naughton proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conferenceon managementof  
dis today rc hofer ml loper proceedings-ieee 1995.0 
knowledge-based query processing m hammer sb zdonik vldb  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?a decomposition storage model. '' gp copeland sn koshafian proceedings of acm-sigmod 1985 international conference on & hellip ;  
data access ( tutorial session ) ja blakeley a deshpande acm sigmod record 2000.0 
andb . eftring deeds : towards a distributed and active real-time database systems sf andler j hansson j eriksson j mellin m acm sigmod record  
bionomics of the diamondback moth in the northwestern himalaya op bhalla jk dubey see . ref  
improving design feedback equaliser performance using neural networks k raivio o simula j henriksson electronic letters 1991.0 
de-vise : integrated querying and visualization of large datasets m livny r ramakrishnan ks beyer g chen d proc acm sigmod intl conf on management of  
tools for planning better programs . t sork new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
control of discrete two-time scale system by using piecewise constant periodic output feedback bm patre b bandyopadhyay h werner systems science-wroclaw - 1997.0 
20910 usa 1991 md ver spring   
qualitative analysis by spot tests f feigl new york  
the case for a universal valid reliable 5-tier triage acuity scale for us emergency departments pg zimmermann journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 
kompensationsflug bei der ordnung ephemeroptera bk russev see ref  
query processing in sensor networks j gehrke s madden   
server-based characterization and inference of internet performance vn padmanabhan l qiu h wang   
graph structure in the web : experiments and models r kumar f maghoul p raghavanâ ? ¦ computer networks  
employer perceptions of the wisconsin employability skills certificate pilot program wj horbinski  2000.0 
indexing techniques for object-oriented databases w kim kc kim a dale acm press frontier series 1989.0 
bounds on the propagation of selection into logic programs c beeri p kanellakis f bancilhon r ramakrishnan proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
cloning and characterization of mcrip2 a mouse lim-only protein that interacts with pdz domain iv m van ham h croes j schepens j fransen b genes to cells 2003.0 
the effects of fracture type ( induced versus natural ) on the stress-fracture closure-permeability je gale proceedings of the 23rd rock mechanics symposium . berkeley : & hellip ;  
scale in remote sensing and gis da quattrichi  1997.0 
programmable arrays mix fpga and asic blocks d bursky electronic  
coordinating the water quality act of 1987 ht sansing water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
a practical and modular method to implement extended transaction models r barga c pu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
closed jackson networks under stationary and ergodic assumptions f baccelli s foss j mairesse unpublished manuscript  
coherence semantics for non-commutative linear logic and ambiguity in natural language vm abrusci technical report universitã di roma tre 1997 . talk at the  
nonoblivious hashing a fiat m naor jp schmidt a siegel journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1992.0 
primitive rebels ej hobsbawm   
towards an algebraic semantics for the object paradigm ja goguen r diaconescu lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
ethnographic evaluation of aids prevention programs : better data for better programs jj schensul sl schensul new directions for program evaluation 1990.0 
data grid services for biodiversity informatics lkw leong p coddington a wendelborn international journal of information  
software cultures h tellioglu i wagner communications-acm 1999.0 
the rat brain in stereotaxic coordinates academic press inc g paxinos c watson san diego  
sensitivity of an astronomical infrared heterodyne spectrometer t kostiuk mj mumma mm abbas d buhl & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
books jr bryer tj bergin jr wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
report on the 24th european colloquium on information retrieval research ( ecir 2002 ) f crestani m girolami k van rijsbergen   
belã 1/4 ftungseinbauten in schussrinnen . p rutschmann  1988.0 
olap relational and multidimensional database system g coliat  1996.0 
a method for change computation in deductive databases t urpi vldb 1992.0 
gender differences in ability to decode emotional messages g christie july athens greece. paper presented at the european & hellip ;  
long-range planning : part 3 planning strategies . l long computerworld. 1982.0 
the evolution of the bioenergetic processes e broda   
reasoning on regular path queries d calvanese sigmod record 2003.0 
fischer black 's contributions to corporate finance sc myers financial management 1996.0 
swampâ ?? optimising the use of slurry jj lenehan j huijsmans g provolo t cumby f   
correctness in access control gj popek   
farewell my clone ! ac clarke bt technology journal 2000.0 
corporate governance and the hedging premium around the world g allayannis u lel dp miller  2003.0 
the dislocation distribution flow stress and stored energy in cold-worked polycrystalline silver je bailey pb hirsch phil . mag  
dbswitchâ ? cents â ?? towards a database utility s dar g hecht e shochat proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
improving efficiency of peer-to-peer search b yang h garcia-molina proc . of the 28th intl. conf . on distributed computing & hellip ;  
utilization of forest resources by microbial enzymatical and chemical conversion s tachibana m sumimoto i. mokuzai gakkaishi  
irreversibility and adiabatic computation : trading time for energy m li pmb vitanyi   
responses of ia and spindle group ii afferents to single muscle unit contractions md binder dg stuart proc . int . union physiol . sci  
the tv-tree : an index structure forhigh-dimensional data ki lin h jagadish c faloutsos the vldb journal  
the chlorogenic acids content of some peculiar green coffee beans and the implications for beverage o ohiokpehai g brumen mn clifford proc int congr asic  
strata : a multi-layer communications library ea brewer r blumofe technical report to appear mit laboratory for computer science .  
on the encipherment of search trees and random access files r bayer jk metzger acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
exploratory mining via constrained frequent set queries r ng lvs lakshmanan j han t mah sigmod conference 1999.0 
repositories and object oriented databases pa bernstein sigmod record 1998.0 
genealogy of toni farmer ( posted at http://toni . myqth . com/sergent3 html ) '' t farmer   
academic bargaining : power changes for everyone ? . rk carr new directions for higher education 1974.0 
learning probabilistic relational models l getoorâ ? ¦ lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
interactive indexing into image database mj swain proc . spie 1993.0 
using quality circles to evaluate the efficacy of primary health care l schillemans ld grande r remmen new directions for program evaluation 1989.0 
an efficient technique for dynamic slicing of programs gb mund r mall s sarakar information and software technology  
right - left - and multi-linear rule transformations that maintain context information db kemp k ramamohanarao z somogyi vldb 1990.0 
numerical heat transfer and fluid flow sv patankar  1980.0 
space-for-time substitution as an alternative to long-term studies sta pickett long-term studies in ecology : approaches and alternatives 1989.0 
post-test analysis : a tool for developing students ' metacognitive awareness and self-regulation mv achacoso new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
discovering outlier filtering rules from unlabeled data : combining a supervised learner with an k yamanishi j takeuchi proceedings of the seventh acm sigkdd international & hellip ; 2001.0 
numerical modelling of spatial and temporal lag effect in bed load sediment transport bc phillips aj sutherland proc . 21st congress int . assoc. hydraul . res  
a complete checklistof the birdsof the world.â ?? academic press r howard a moore san diego  
a direct manipulation user interface for querying geographic databases jl de oliveira cb medeiros   
project management : old it hand plays a new tune c frye application development trends 2002.0 
linking teacher education and liberal learning . r wisniewski new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
the self-sufficiency project at 36 months : effects on children of a program that increased parental p morris c michalopoulos  2000.0 
consistency concurrency and crash recovery ye lien pj weinberger proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference  
survival in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus in india a kumar an malaviya rr singh yn singh cm adya rheumatology international 1992.0 
fast time sequence indexing for arbitrary $ \ \ big . l_p \ \ bigr . $ norms bk yi c faloutsos proc . 26st vldb conf  
purchasing power parity unit roots and dynamic structure je pippenger d steigerwald   
the implementation and performance of compressed databases . acms anthology sigmod record 2000.0 
would you believe structured fortran ? te hull acm signum newsletter 1973.0 
automatic generation of physical data base structures se smith   
organization of the human liver carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1 gene ( cpt1a ) and identification of s gobin jp bonnefont c prip-buus c mugnier m human genetics 2002.0 
a tutorial on learning bayesian networks ( rep. no . msr-tr-95-06 ) d heckerman microsoft research  
deep compression for streaming texture intensive animations d cohen-or y mann   
rounds on the mass and the moment of inertia of non-rotating neutron stars ag sabbadini ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1976.0 
a background subtraction for a vision-based user interface dha woo procs . ieee joint conf . on information communications and  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?maintaining views incrementally ã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc a gupta is mumick vs subrahmanian acm sigmod  
on b-tree indices for skewed distributions hv jagadish vldb 1992.0 
clock routingforhighperformanceics '' mab jackson a srinivasan es kuh proc . acm/ieee design automation conf  
â ?? chemistry and mineralogy of comet halleyâ ?? s dustâ ?? h schulze j kissel ek jessberger from stardust to planetesimals 1997.0 
emergency nurses ' moral evaluation of patients cl grief r elliott journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
a disk-based join with probabilistic guarantees c jermaine a dobra s arumugam s joshi a pol proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
d gerber b graefe g heytens m kumar k and m murahknshna â ?? gamma-a high performance dataflow d dewitt proceedings of the 1986 vldb conference japan august  
characteristics of wide-area tcp/ip conversations pb danzig s jamin r cã ¡ ceres dj mitzel d proceedings of acm  
ecology and classification of north american freshwater invertebrates . ( 2nd edn . ) academic press jh thorp a covich san diego  
holosteans and teleosts j meek r nieuwenhuys the central nervous system of vertebrates 1998.0 
exclusion for composite objects j noble d holmes j potter   
synthesis of metastable a-15 superconducting compounds by ion implantation and electron-beam mt clapp technical progress report massachusetts univ. amherst . dept & hellip ; 1982.0 
an experimental system for distributed classroom education p oerbaek computer networks 2000.0 
life-style monitoring for supported independence n edwards n barnes p garner dad rose bt technology journal 2000.0 
trust breaks down in online contexts but can be repaired by some initial face-to-face contact e rocco proc . acm chi-98  
7000 â ?? optical cross connect systemâ ?? amn hitachi mci demonstration report  
b-tree page size when caching is considered . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation for knee osteoarthritis m osiri v welch l brosseau b shea j mcgowan p cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
theentity-relationship modelâ ?? towardaunified view of data pp chen acm transactions on database systems  
separating stages in the continuation-passing transform . in the acm sigplan-sigact symposium on j lawall o danvy  1993.0 
tetrahedron lett y fu tj miller lgj hammarstrã ¶ m ml mclaughlin  2000.0 
dev . p : multimedia clinical simulation based on patient records : authoring user interface rm felciano & hellip ; . technical report stanford university school of medicine  
anonymity unobservability and pseudonymity-a proposal for terminology a pfitzmann m kohntopp lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
elementary studies of active flap control with smart material actuators t hongu m sato e yamakawa european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
simvastatin decreases accelerated graft vessel disease after heart transplantation in an animal bm meiser k wenke j thiery s wolf transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
a controlled trial of methylprednisolone in the early emergency department treatment of acute asthma d wolfson m nypaver m blaser journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
minutes from fifth meeting of the alaska scientific review group 7-9 may 1997 dp demaster seattle washington  
beyond the traditional query operators ( poster session ) c ding ch chi proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
adaptive-level memory caches on world wide web servers [ j ] hrk da wei chang rc chang computer networks  
conceptual issues in phylogeny taxonomy and nomenclature ap rasnitsyn contributions to zoology 1996.0 
deconstructing binary race and sex categories : a comparison of the multiracial and transgendered ja greenberg san diego law review 2002.0 
finite element modeling of radio-frequency cardiac and hepatic ablation s tungjitkusolmun  2000.0 
a multidatabase transaction model for interbase ak elmagarmid y leu w litwin vldb 1990.0 
bugs : avoiding the avoidable and living with the rest l hatton procs . of durham  
a multi-group technique for data compression ka hazboun ma bassiouni proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
super-selective arteriography of the external carotid artery r djindjian jj merland   
the language x : computation and sequent calculus in classical logic s van bakel s lengrand p lescanne  2004.0 
faculty responsibility for promoting conflict-free college classrooms ja anderson new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
input-queued router architectures exploiting cell-based switching fabrics ma marsan a bianco p giaccone e leonardi f computer networks 2001.0 
guest editorial jr gruser l raschid v zadorozhny the vldb journal 2000.0 
mediated voice communication via mobile ip c schmandt j kim k lee g vallejo m ackerman   
a multi-resolution relational data model a silberschatz rl read ds fussell proc . 18th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
laboratory methods used for the third national health and nutrition examination survey ( nhanes 1999 + ew gunter bl lewis sm koncikowski md  
poster : hierarchical grid location management for large wireless ad hoc networks sj philip c qiao proceedings of acm mobihoc 03 poster session 2003.0 
semantic modeling of data using binary schemata n rishe  1985.0 
three-dimensional image and mitochondrial distribution in sperm cells of euphorbia dulcis m murgia hj wilms see ref  
join synopses for approximate query answering s acharya pb gibbons   
spatiotemporal chaos in distributed models of a reactor ns postnikov at .  
dialogues for negotiation : agent varieties and dialogue sequences f sadri f toni p torroni lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
web authoring s terdemanâ ? ¦ pc magazine september  
application of program slicing in algorithmic debugging m kamkar information and software technology  
vitamin d receptors : molecular structures of the protein and its chromosomal gene jw pike ra kesterson ra scott sa kerner dp & hellip ; : proceedings of the seventh workshop on vitamin d. new york & hellip ;  
a message passmg framework for logical query evalatlon a van gelder proc acm sigmod int conf on management of data may  
flower essence society 1996 r katz   
automatic verification of finite state concurrent system using temporal logic specifications : a em clarke ea emerson ap sistla proceedings of the 10th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
analysis and validation of continuous queries over data streams q jiang s chakravarthy   
leveraging the educational impact of the ili dollar l vanasupa procs . of the asee annual conference washington dc  
sagas ; procs . 1987 acm sigmod int h garcia-molina k salem conf . on management of data  
automated rich presentation of a semantic topic l lu z li proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
autocorrelation properties of correlation immune boolean functions s maitra lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
dwarf citrus trees for high density plantings r pã © rez r rodrãquez a gonzã ¡ les n del valle proc . int . soc . citriculture  
authenticity and positivity strivings in marriage and courtship wb swann c de la ronde jg hixon journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
substantial intelpost expansion predicted p hirsch computerworld 1980.0 
incorporating laptop technologies into an animal sciences curriculum g birrenkott ja bertrand b bolt new directions for teaching and learning 2005.0 
an nf1 motif plays a central role in hepatitis b virus enhancer a ori d atzmony i haviv y shaul virology-new york - 1994.0 
effect of environmental variables on cracking of martensitic stainless steels under different ak royâ ? ¦ at global  
an implementation technique for database query languages p buneman re frankel r nikhil acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
hopelessness in adolescent alcohol abusers p wisneski  2000.0 
building intelligent agents that learn to retrieve and extract information t eliassi-rad  2001.0 
reading for everyone : expanding literacy options . c miller a rash   
rapid versus slow rate of advancement of feedings for promoting growth and preventing necrotizing ka kennedy je tyson s chamnanvanakij cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
open systems slowly gaining steam in factory t baer computerworld  
reliable arrays of inexpensive disks ( raid ) d patterson g gibson r katz acm sigmod conference  
new partnership with acm and update on the journal m tamer ã?zsu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
n at natural abundance levels in terrestrial vascular plants : a prã © cis ll handley cm scrimgeour ja raven see griffiths  
a fuzzy logic based language to model autonomous mobile robots af gomez-skarmeta h martinez-barbera m sanchez procs . of the eighth ieee intl. conf . on fuzzy systems . & hellip ;  
advanced dial-a-ride algorithms : interim report nhm wilson rw weissberg bt higonnet j hauser  1975.0 
maternal antigen avoidance during pregnancy for preventing atopic disease in infants of women at ms kramer cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
introducing microsoft dot-net ds platt  2001.0 
pp. 327-76 in dielectric resonators d kajfez p guillon artech house zurich switzerland  
control system design using graphical decomposition techniques fj evans c schizas j chan iee proceedings part d - control theory and applications 1981.0 
applications of n york computer  
reinforced polymers for structural engineering in canada . ma erki struct . eng . int . ( iabse zurich switzerland )  
the effect of free electrons on lattice conduction jm ziman phil . mag  
living together : rationality sociality and obligation . lanham m gilbert md  
data base directions : information resource management-making it work executive summary . acms anthology sigmod record 1986.0 
provably secure and non-malleable encryption yz ding mo rabin to appear  
acute inflammation in gram-negative infection : endotoxin interleukin 1 tumor necrosis factor and hz movat mi cybulsky ig colditz mk chan ca fed proc 1987.0 
spravochnik khimika bp nikolsky tom i  
panel : future directions of database research-the vldb broadening strategy part 2 ml brodie proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
data streaming algorithms for accurate and efficient measurement of traffic and flow matrices qg zhao a kumar j wang jj xu   
network computing mc revett mdt knul l stephens bt technology journal 1997.0 
abuse neglect abandonment violence and exploitation : an analysis of all elderly patients seen in t fulmer dj mcmahon m baer-hines b forget journal of emergency nursing 1992.0 
magicbook : transition between reality and virtuality m billinghurst h kato i poupyrev  2001.0 
how should multifaceted personality constructs be tested ? issues illustrated by self-monitoring cs carver journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
stereotypes as energy-saving devices : a peek inside the cognitive toolbox cn macrae ab milne gv bodenhausen journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
on semantic query optimization in deductive databases lvs lakshmanan r missaoui   
mankato schools information literacy curriculum guidelines . 8 june 2000 d johnson mankato area public schools  
global electronic commerce process : business-to-business n nahar   
catalytic asymmetric synthesis special issue . cs foote acc chem res 2000.0 
privacy-preserving collaborative data mining z zhan l chang   
the economics of urban sewage disposal pb downing  1967.0 
incremental clustering m charikar c chekuri t feder r motwani proc . 29th annual acm symposium on theory of computing may  
can structured formatters prevent train crashes ? j andre   
a new toxin for grass grub and ` black beetle in resistant lotus major orw sutherland wj greenfield proc . 29th nz weed pest contr . conf  
the probabilistic analysis of a greedy satisfiability algorithm ac kaporis lm kirousis eg lalas lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
use of lower minimum size limits to reduce discards in the bristol bay red king crab ( paralithodes je reeves noaa tech . memo . nmfs-afscâ ?? 20 . seattle washington  
overview of the special section on temporal database infrastructure rt snodgrass sigmod record 1994.0 
supporting information infrastructure for distributed heterogeneous knowledge discovery r king m novak   
body condition ovarian hierarchies and their relation to egg formation in anseriform and galliform vg thomas proc . int . ornithol . congress  
myocardial infarction in young adults : risk factors and clinical features mg kanitz sj giovannucci js jones m mott journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
adaptive channel equalization using a polynomial-perceptron structure s chen gj gibson cfn cowan   
wk im . multimedia information management in an object-oriented database system d woelk proc . very large data bases  
behavioural treatment for chronic low back pain mw van tulder rw ostelo jw vlaeyen sj linton cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
segmentation of medical images combining local regional global and hierarchical distances into a tm lehmann d beier c thies t seidl   
fast text access methods for optical and large magnetic disks : designs and performance comparison c faloutsos r chan vldb 1988.0 
a design for integrating the internet chair and a telerobot m cohen proc . int . conf . information society in the 21st  
ut : peregrine smith books l city   
increased long-term survival in variceal hemorrhage using injection sclerotherapy brd mcdougall a theodossi d westaby jl dawson lancet i  
on william gaddis : in recognition of james joyce b benstock wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
self-organising fuzzy logic control and application to muscle relaxant anaesthesia da linkens   
single-dose dipyrone for acute postoperative pain je edwards f meseguer cc faura ra moore hj cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
new results in 2-d systems theory part i : 2-d polynomial matrices factorization and coprimeness m morf bc levy sy kung proc . ieee  
reasoning about xml schema languages using formal theory d lee m mani m murata technical report ibm almaden research center rj # 10197 log #  
can components solve integration conundrum ? jd williams application development trends 2001.0 
retrievalfrom hierarchical texts by partial patterns p kilpelã $ inen h mannila proc acm  
pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamic effects of progesterone antagonist zk98 . 299 in female bonnet cp puri rk patil ad ` souza wag elger jmr bombay india : indian society for the study of reproduction & hellip ;  
school reform and the curriculum mf sikorski t wallace we stariha ve rankin new directions for program evaluation 1993.0 
scsi : a guide to getting it right j karney pc magazine 1993.0 
a new triple-drug induction therapy with low dose cyclosporine mizoribine and prednisolone in renal y kokado m ishibashi h jiang s takahara t transplant proc 1989.0 
unix rdbms : the next generation what are the unix relational-database vendors doing to survive in b rosenblatt sigmod record 1994.0 
parallel mining of association rules r agrawal jc shafer   
coping with stress : divergent strategies of optimists and pessimists mf scheier jk weintraub cs carver journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
monte-carlo model requirements for hardware-in-the-loop missile simulations hl pastrick ls isom cm will rj vinson lh hazel & hellip ; simulation conference washington d. c proceedings 1976.0 
taking care of supply cm russell pb barnsley mr holladay bt technology journal 1999.0 
nonlinear regulator design for grind ing anb spindle based on optimal control l zhao w jiang h congâ ? ¦ allaire p trumper d. proceedings of the sixth international & hellip ; 1998.0 
software profiling for hot path prediction : less is more e duesterwald v bala   
usability testing : is the whole test greater than the sum of its parts ayk wong am donkers rf dillon jw tombaugh proceedings of acm  
a video compression algorithm with adaptive bit allocation and quantization '' e viscito c gonzales proc . spie 1991.0 
gm strikes deal to outsource accountingâ '' l copeland computerworld  
decision validation and emotional layers on fuzzy boolean networksâ ? cents jab tomã ©   
andj . l. hermessy balancing and data locality in parallel n-body techniques jp singh c holt t totsuka a gupta technical report csl-tr-92-505 stanford university  
reducing the paperwork of risk assessment-how to make your safety system efficient and user-friendly p chawla  1999.0 
algorithmic aspects of multiversion concurrency control t hadzilacos ch papadimitriou proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
pm68k user 's manual pm inc san diego california  
star rg ross computerworld 1981.0 
teamwork is the key to concurrent design l maliniak electronic design  
computed tomography : an unreliable indicator of pancreatic trauma . r akhrass k kim c brandt journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
the image of the librarian in commercial motion pictures : an annotated filmography ao ` brien m raish collection management 1993.0 
refined equation for analyzing the separation of a binary mixture of isotopes in a gas centrifuge by vi tokmantsev at .  
spontaneous pneumomediastinum secondary to hyperemesis gravidarum js gorbach fl counselman mh mendelson journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
aggregation and comparison of trajectories n meratnia   
hampshire college . rc birney new directions for higher education 1993.0 
questions and answers proposed guidance on cumulative risk assessment of pesticide chemicals that epa opp   
children with silent infarct and elevated transcranial doppler ultrasonography velocity are at ch pegelow rj adams l hsuâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the sickle cell & hellip ;  
scale effects in liquefied-fuel-gas vapor dispersion ja fay d ranck  1981.0 
h. 1995 . generalizing gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies l gravano g ä ± a-molina proceedings of the 21st international conference on very  
efficiently dispatching to run-time specialized code b grant c chambers sj eggers submitted for  
a new look at laser chemistry rd levine kl kompa acc . chem . res  
optimal strategies and utility-based prices converge when agentsâ ?? preferences do l carassus m rasonyi   
lax type flows on grassmann manifolds ak prykarpatsky ja zagrodzinski d blackmore proc . 29th sympos . on math . phys. dec  
parallel processing techniques for hidden surface removal m kaplan dp greenberg acm siggraph computer graphics 1979.0 
in vivo and in vitro assessment of chloroquine-resistant plasmodium falciparum malaria in zanzibar ik schwartz d payne cc campbell oj khatib lancet i 1983.0 
streptococcal pharyngitis : a review of pathophysiology diagnosis and management ja kline jw runge journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
navigation satellite development program ( operational global navigation system development program sl lagna rh jessen national aerospace meeting washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
the evaluator as educator ri wise new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
model and implementationâ ?? a databases proceedings of the 18th  
the death of film ? s grotta d grotta pc magazine  
transitive closure algorithm disk tc and its performance analysis v hirvisalo e nuutila e soisalon-soininen   
an improved r-tree using fractals i kamel proc 20th international conference on very large databases & hellip ;  
fujii-kuriyama : cytochrome-p450 1993 t omura y ishimura   
pad + + : advances in multiscale interfaces bb bederson l stead jd hollan proceedings of acm sigchi conference 1994.0 
a compact particulate dilution tunnel for the characterization of diesel exhaust sh chan jh sun sc low proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1998.0 
september 1995 . generalising gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies l gravano h garcia-molä ± na proceedings of 21st international conference on very large  
the organization set : toward a theory of inter-organizational relations wm evan approaches to organizational design  
peptides corresponding to t-cell receptor-hla contact regions inhibit class i-restricted immune c clayberger sc lyu p pouletty am krensky transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
h. garc a-molina and a. tomasic . the eectivenessof gloss for thetext-databasediscoveryproblem l gravano proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod conference may  
perfect connected-dominant graphs ie zverovich discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2003.0 
19906 . access to information processing tools : an exploratory study jl gogan proceedings of the 23rd annual hawau international  
a protein taxonomy based on secondary structure t przytycka r aurora gd rose nature structural biology 1999.0 
there 's method in cases ji reynolds the academy of management review 1978.0 
rat brain ca ^ 2 ^ + - atpase is a substrate for protein phosphatases pp1 and pp2a l zylinska e gromadzinska l lachowicz cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
behaviour of solutions to marchuk 's model depending on a time delay m bodnar u forys applied mathematics and computer science 2000.0 
query by diagramm : a graphic query system . acms anthology   
a visual language for object-oriented databases cif doodle proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
networked information management nj davies m revett bt technology journal 1997.0 
vibrational spectra and topological structure of tetrahedrally bonded amorphous semiconductors pe meek phil . mag  
logical foundations of peer-to-peer data integration d calvanese g de giacomo m lenzerini r rosati proc . of the 23rd acm sigact sigmod sigart sym . on & hellip ; 2004.0 
product design and development 2 . int . edition kt ulrich sd eppinger   
lck : the lock manager je richardson internal document ibm almaden research center san jose & hellip ;  
ilog : declarative creation and manipulation ofobject identifiers extended version r hull m yoshikawa & hellip ; of the 16th vldb conference brisbane australia august  
de-witt . a case for fractured mirrors qsr ramamurthy j david proc . vldb hong kong  
class notes for course 6.574 r fano technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
improving student outcomes and institutional decision making with perc . eg palola t lehmann new directions for higher education 1976.0 
designing outcome evaluations for children 's mental health services : improving internal validity l bickman new directions for program evaluation  
recurrence of nephrotic syndrome during cyclosporin treatment after renal transplantation aj voets aj hoitsma rap koene lancet i 1986.0 
an introduction to the win32 api . rh shaw pc magazine  
simformation 5 : reporting student progress . wr miles  1977.0 
harnessing user-level networking architectures for distributed object computing over high-speed rs madukkarumukumana hv shah c pu usenix windows nt symposium ( seattle  
from the kernel to the cosmos : the database research group at eth zurich hj schek mh scholl g weikum   
enterprise integration system-a new paradigm for information management a aggarwal   
peerstreaming : a practical receiver-driven peer-to-peer media streaming system j li   
photobiology : academic press e kohen r santhus jg hirschberg san diego ca  
the intangible benefits and costs of investments : evidence from financial markets e brynjolfsson s yang   
knowledge management : know what you know k gile pc magazine  
a geochronological geochemical and mineralogical study of some tertiary plutonic rocks of the kg kyriakopoulos  1987.0 
a data model and data structures for moving objects databases l florizzi rh gutting e nardelli m schneider acm sigmod  
evaluating the quality of entity relationship models s kesh information and software technology  
histã ³ ria econã ³ mica mundial vol v prada   
machine translation with grammar association : some improvements and the loco c model f prat   
concepts activities and issues of policy-based communications management mdj cox rg davison bt technology journal 1999.0 
semantics based transaction management techniques for replicated data a kumar m stonebraker proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
optimistic intra-transaction parallelism on chip multiprocessors cb colohan a ailamaki jg steffan tc mowry proceedings of the 31st vldb august 2005.0 
resource management in mobile computing environments s lu v bharghavan proceedings of acm sigcomm  
improved query performance with variant indexes acm sigmod intl p ã?neill d quass conf . on management of data tucson  
verwendung geodã $ tischer abbildungen bei der geocodierung von satellitenbildern kc graf  1988.0 
investigation of 3-matrix quadratic assignment tests nl oden rr sokal   
a case study of problems in migrating to distributed computing : page recovery using multiple logs in c mohan i narang j palmer ibm research report rj7343 ibm almaden research center  
eas-e : an integrated approach to application development a malhotra hm markowitz dp pazel acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
end-point position control of multi-link flexible manipulator arms m sahraian ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1991.0 
assessing performance in problem-based service-learning projects to peterson new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
tsql2 language specification rt snodgrass acm sigmod record 1994.0 
anti-rana antibody : a marker for seronegative and seropositive rheumatoid arthritis kc ng ka brown jd perry ej holborow lancet i 1980.0 
landscape landscape and landscape : a threefold ontology mh jacobs  2002.0 
another set of responses and correlated responses to selection on age at reproduction in drosophila l partridge n prowse p pignatelli proceedings : biological sciences 1999.0 
design and performance of the berkeley continuous media toolkit k mayer-patel la rowe spie proceedings 1997.0 
a logical framework for scheduling workflows under resource allocation constraints p senkul m kifer ih toroslu vldb 2002.0 
recovery and the conspiracy of hope p deegan sixth annual mental health services conference of australia & hellip ;  
fatal pancreatitis as a complication of therapy for hiv infection mt pelucio t rothenhaus m smith dj ward journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
developing internal and external program resources . p mulcrone new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
issues in multimedia databases hv jagadish proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
torbjrnsen . 1-safe algorithms for symmetric site configurations r humborstad m sabaratnam proceedings of the vldb conference  
r. . ikant . fair qneueing in wireless packet networks s lu v bharghavan proceedings of acm  
carcinoma in situ of the cervix uteri some cytogenetic observations ai spriggs mm boddington cm clarke lancet i 1962.0 
vodak open nested transactions-visualizing database internals p muth tc rakow   
inside atl g shepherd b king  1999.0 
heikki mannila . finding similar time series g das d gunopulos procs . of the 1st european symposium on principles of data & hellip ;  
pvm-prolog : parallel logic programming in the pvm system r marques jc cunha procs . of the 1995 pvm userâ ?? s group meeting pittsburgh & hellip ;  
the alternating fixpoint of logic programs with negation : extended abstract a van gelder proc . acm sigact-sigmod symposium on principles of database & hellip ; 1989.0 
plan for the jyfl gas-filled recoil separator ( abstract only ) m leino j aysto k eskola p heikkinen r julin oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
how to communicate effectively with your legislator : interviews with legislators and staffers . r white journal of emergency nursing 1992.0 
10.0 ou 11.0 student version version ã © tudiante s logiciel   
enactable process specification in support of process-centred environments am christie information and software technology 1994.0 
land cover of washington state : description and management km cassidy  1997.0 
the parallel complexity of simple chain queries f afrati c papadimitriou proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
an adaptive congestion control mechanism for intelligent broadband networks se polykalas gt kolyvas is venieris computer networks 2001.0 
an object-oriented model of communications for the magtf m bailey w kemple m sovereign m west c chase proceedings of the summer simulation conference ed . d. pace  
nist/asme steam properties 49 pp. natl. inst . for stand . and technol. gaithersburg ah harvey ap peskin sa kline md  
ins/twine : a scalable peer-to-peer architecture for intentional resource discovery m balazinska h balakrishnan d karger lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
improving tcp performance over mobile ad-hoc networks with out-of-order detection and response f wang y zhang   
c. and daya m. the role concept in data models bdi bachman proc . int . conf . on very large data bases tokyo  
blocking monotonicity and turing completeness in a database language for sequences and streams yn law h wang c zaniolo submitted for  
07632 usa 1983 nj cliffs   
efficient algorithms for detection and resolution of distributed deadlocks s chen y deng w sun n rishe 7th ieee symposium on parallel and distributeed  
novel applications of super-heated water as the eluent in reversed-phase hplc rm smith proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on high  
towards a unified visual database access k vadaparty ya aslandogan g ozsoyoglu proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
kernel extrapolation 2005 s vishwanathan o guttman km borgwardt a smola unpublished  
nearest neighbor search in large metric space s brin proceedings of the 21th international conference on very  
solution of inverse problems for scalar parabolic equations using a hyperbolic to parabolic a tamburrino ss udpa submitted for  
wealth reduction in white knight bids a banerjee je owers   
customer relationship management on the web sl robertswitt pc magazine  
physical adsorption of gases and vapours s brunauer vol .  
low temperature co-fireable ceramics : a new approach for electronic packaging al eustice sj horowitz jj stewart ar travis ht & hellip ; 36 thelectronic components conference seattle washington & hellip ;  
wireless lans appear to breach crimes bill p brislen computerworld  
adaptive linear step-up false discovery rate controlling procedures y benjamini a krieger d yekutieli unpublished manuscript  
on the semantics of \ \ now j cliord c dyreson t isakowitz cs jensen rt databases . acm transactions on database systems  
strategies for the 1990s ee chaffee new directions for higher education 1990.0 
bargaining power management control and performance in united states-china joint ventures : a a yan b gray the academy of management journal 1994.0 
type classification of semi-structured documents m tresch n palmer a luniewski proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
a territorial database management system f antonacci p dell ` orco a turtur proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
on the qualitative representation of spatial knowledge in 2d space d papadias t sellis vldb journal 1994.0 
an analysis of learned helplessness : continuous changes in performance strategy and achievement ci diener cs dweck journal of personality and social psychology 1978.0 
physical model study on two-phase cascade flow . rm boes   
clinical efficacy and cost effectiveness of a new synthetic polymer sheet wound dressing g motta l dunham t dye j mentz eo ` connell -   
ta supervision j sprague jd nyquist new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
st/impfli r ( 1968 ) action potentials and voltage clamp currents of single rat ranvier nodes m horfickova w nonner proc int union physiol  
a selection of samplers : comments on archaeo-statistics gl cowgill see ref  
the table lens : merging graphical and symbolic representations in an effective focus + context r rao sk card proceedings of acm sigchi 1994  
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents a retrieval technique for similar shapesã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents hv jagadish proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
randomized clinical trial of lumbar instrumental fusion and cognitive intervention and exercises for ji broxâ ? ¦ submitted for publication  
pre-launch performance characteristics of the atmospheric infrared sounder ( airs ) t pagano hh aumann ll strow proc .  
concep-dependent multimodal active learning for image retrieval k goh ey chang wc lai proc . acm international conference on multimedia  
forward and backward linkages of producer-services establishments : evidence from the montreal wj coffey urban geography  
data mapping in p2p systems : semantics and algorithmic issues a kementsietsidis m arenas rj miller  2003.0 
underpricing price stabilization and long run performance in initial public offerings : a study on g giudici s paleari unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
dynamic reorganization of object databases vi wietrzyk ma orgun   
new urbanism and the culture of criticism e talen urban geography 2000.0 
measures of the variability of precipitation rw longley   
srikant . fast algorithmsformining association rules r agrawal andr proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;  
broadband virtual private network signalling f allard bt technology journal 1998.0 
the stationery office ep act isbn  
themousebraininstereotaxiccoordinates f paxinosg san diego : academic  
experimental evidence on the endogenous entry of bidders in internet auctions d lucking-reiley unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
electronic libraries-visions of the future p barker electronic library 1994.0 
development of videometric system for dynamic phenomena monitoring e tournas  2003.0 
limit theorems for stochastic processes j jacod an shiriaev  1987.0 
prenatal diagnosis of spina bifida and anencephaly through maternal plasma alpha-fetoprotein dj brock ae bolton jb scrimgeour lancet i 1974.0 
practical skew handling algorithms for parallel joins d dewitt jf naughton da schneider s seshadri proc . 19th intl. conf . very large data  
unsupervised sequence segmentation by a mixture of switching variable memory markov sources y seldin g bejerano n tishby   
when to prototype : decision variables in industry bc hardgrave information and software technology  
common objectservices specification chapter 6 : persistent object service specification i objectivity i ontos   
fad a powerful and simple database language 13th int f bancilhon t briggs s khoshafian p valduriez conf . on very large data bases  
xml-based information mediation with mix pv papakonstantinou v chu sigmod conference  
advances in laser welding of automotive parts ie ross dw hughes t orihashi & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
encode-fm ( electronic nomenclature and classification of disorders and encounters for family rm bernstein gr hollingworth gs viner   
a calculus of communicating systems r milner   
minicon : a scalable algorithm for answering queries using views r pottinger a halevy the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
gartner : most it security problems self-inflicted jc perez computerworld  
modelling and design of multi-agent systems d kinny m georgeff lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
stable mixed hematopoietic chimerism in dla-identical littermate dogs given sublethal total body r storb c yu jl wagner hj deeg ra nash hp blood-new york - 1997.0 
und lin k.-i . ( 1995 ) . fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of c faloutsos proceedings of the 1995 int . acm/sigmod conf . on management  
quantum scattering for homogeneous of degree zero potentials : absence of channels at local maxima i herbst e skibsted unpublished  
electronic market : the roadmap for university libraries and members to survive in the information acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
three-dimensional data input by tablet ie sutherland acm siggraph computer graphics 1974.0 
a single-dose placebo-controlled study of the fully human anti-tnf antibody adalimumab ( d2e7 ) in a den broeder lba van de putte r rau m submitted for  
technology transfer through cultural barriers in three continents sc kitsopoulos   
an efficient algorithm for eigenspace updating and merging a franco a lumini d maio submitted for  
whoâ ?? s afraid of ownership types d clarke j noble j potter   
typing chinese japanese and korean jd becker ieee computer  
molecules in carbon nanotubes . an khlobystov da britz ga briggs acc . chem . res 2005.0 
use of ground rubber tires in portland cement concrete na ali ad amos m roberts proc int conf concrete  
measurement-based replanning of cell capacities in gsm networks e onur h delic c ersoy mu caglayan computer networks 2002.0 
operating system extensions for the teradata parallel vldb ncr ncr   
geography and the church register c baker geography  
ni g. mecca and p. merialdo . semistructured und structured data in the web : going back and forth p atze sigmod record  
puns in apollinaire 's '' alcools '' ah greet wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
on the statistical estimation of mean lifetimes ms bartlett phil . mag  
verification of conceptual schemata based on hybrid object-oriented and logic paradigm . v karakostas p loucopoulos information and software technology 1988.0 
norm verification and analysis of electronic institutions ww vasconcelos   
data abstraction and transaction processing in the database programming language rapp jg hughes m connolly acm press frontier series 1990.0 
the mechanics of spring-powered animal traps . / ; ; : chapman . ja : pursley wr newcombe  1981.0 
title of article ab author title of  
opportunity willingness and geographic information systems ( gis ) : reconceptualizing borders in h starr   
the mindful camera : common sense for documentary videography b barry proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
postpubertal emergence of hyperresponsiveness to stress and to amphetamine after neonatal bk lipska ge jaskiw dr weinberger neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
dynamic task allocation on open heterogenous processor systems '' s olason bt technology journal  
occupational therapy ... hh hull  1931.0 
the lecture : analyzing and improving its effectiveness . ld fink new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
lh * rs : a high-availability scalable distributed data structure using reed solomon codes w litwin t schwarz acm sigmod record 2000.0 
a hytime engine for and mmis jf koegel lw rutledge jl rutledge ch keskin proc . acm  
consistency checking for qualitative spatial reasoning with cardinal directions s skiadopoulos m koubarakis lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
user 's manual for the brl subroutine to calculate bessel functions of integral order and complex kl zimmerman as elder ak depue md  
high-gain stabiliser for a multimachine power system m hanmandlu nv suryanarayana   
loss modeling and component selection for resonant pole inverters d perreault h martin r selders j kassakian proc . 29th universities power engineering conf .  
index-frame audio transmission jr parker k chung proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
end of is budgets as we know them ml sullivan-trainor computerworld  
a simplifier for untyped lambda expressions computer science department l galbiati c talcott  1990.0 
virtuosi-virtual reality support for groupworking as rogers bt technology journal 1994.0 
why software costs vary 2003 c jones unpublished manuscript . available via x @ cs . vu .  
maintaining temporal coherency of cooperating dynamic data repositories s shah a bernard v sharma k ramamritham p & hellip ; twenty-eighth international conference on very large data  
n l. libkin incremental maintenance of views with duplicates t gri proceedings of the acm-sigmod conference  
a fast algorithm for high-dimensional similarity joins k shim r srikant r agrawal technical report ibm almaden research center  
and d. cutting . 1994 . recognizing text genres with simple metrics using discriminant analysis j karlgren procs .  
what a good idea ! ideology and frames in social movement research pe oliver h johnston mobilization-san diego - 2000.0 
the development of jovial ji schwartz history of programming languages 1978.0 
reconsidering custom memory allocation ed berger bg zorn ks mckinley   
salinity characteristics of gulf of mexico estuaries . noaa office of ocean resources conservation sp orlando jr lp rozas gh ward cj klein md  
a decidable class of bounded recursions jf naughton y sagiv proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
automated resolution of semantic heterogeneity in multidatabases mw bright ar hurson s pakzad acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
a domain-theoretic approach to integrating logic and functional database languages a poulovassilis c small proc 19th vldb dublin august  
shellfish and seaweed harvests of puget sound . washington sea grant dp cheney tf mumford jr  1986.0 
voting over non-linear taxes in a stylized representative democracy . h bohn c stuart university of california at santa barbara mimeo  
join index hierarchies for supporting efficient navigation in object-oriented databases z xie j han proc . int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )  
web-based collaborative library research s robertson s jitan k reese proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
ai o 5 bo loo qw nj n wq   
tutorial : a survey and critique of advanced transaction models c mohan proceedings international conference on management of data  
the video window system in informal communications bl chalfonteetal  1990.0 
business process coordination : state of the art trends and open issues d umeshwar h meichun r ladin proceedings of the d & ã 1/4 thinternational conference on very & hellip ;  
use of policy management to achieve flexibility in the delivery of network-centric ict solutions mp dames ma fisher jp wittgreffe bt technology journal 2005.0 
the use of coads ship observations in cloud climatologies cj hahn sg warren j london   
whom do employers actually hire ? the educating systems librarian research project report 2 h xu electronic library 2000.0 
internet 0â ?? inter-device internetworking r krikorian n gershenfeld bt technology journal 2004.0 
online balancing of range-partitioned data with applications to peer-to-peer systems p ganesan m bawa h garcia-molina proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
king county surface water management division kcswd manual seattle washington  
world ocean atlas 1994 vol . 3 salinity noaa atlas nesdis vol . 3 111 pp. natl. oceanic and s levitus r burgett tp boyer md  
scenario-based techniques for the elaboration and the validation of formal requirements e dubois p heymans   
the pharmacokinetics of sandimmun neoral : a new oral formulation of cyclosporine dw holt ea mueller jm kovarik jb van bree transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
joust : a platform for communications-oriented liquid software j hartman l peterson a bavier p bigot p ieee computer  
backen mit hanf . berauschend gut k gebhardt  1997.0 
applications of probabilistic-deterministic modelling to problems of mass transfer in groundwater fw schwarz procs int symp.â ?? theoretical and applied hydrologyâ ?? fort & hellip ;  
combinatorial models illustrating variation of dynamics in families of rational maps m rees proc . int . congr . math . kyoto  
information ownership access and control : strategies for reengineering information systems in a seidmann a sundararajan   
the five-minute rule ten years later and other computer storage rules of thumb j gray g graefe sigmod record 1997.0 
improv : a system for scripting interactive actors in virtual worlds k perlin a goldberg proceedings of the 23rd annual conference on computer & hellip ; 1996.0 
zing language specification t andrews technical report microsoft corporation  
208 ; dafã 1/4 r jedoch kã 1/4 hl s at   
exploiting location and time for photo search and storytelling in mylifebits a aris j gemmell r lueder   
a developmental psychopathology perspective on vulnerability to personality disorders tc geiger nr crick vulnerability to psychopathology 2001.0 
overview of neural-type electronics '' n el-leithy fw newcomb proc . of the 28th midwest symposium on circuits and systems & hellip ;  
a visual query language for relational knowledge discovery h blau n immerman d jensen   
mol cryst liq cryst j geng g li e zhou jwy lam bz tang submitted for publication  
disk scheduling for mixed-media workloads in multimedia servers y rompoyannakis g nerjes p muth m paterakis p proc . sixth acm multimedia conf  
commentary : fourth geneva convention : relative to the protection of civilian persons in time of war j pictet at  
yuille 84 ] tomasopoggio harry voorhees and alan l. yuille . regularizing edge detection p voorhees technical report aim { 776 artificial intelligence laboratory  
measurement of the radiation-induced heat-up temperature of structural materials heated by igr nv gorin yz kandiev ai ulâ ?? yanovâ ? ¦ at .  
indexing browsing and searching of digital video and digital audio information af smeaton lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
du rkin j. semi-automatic ge ne ration of tra ns fe r function for direct volume re nde ri ng g kindlmann proc ieee/acm symposium  
the oesophageal detector device : an assessment of accuracy and ease of use by paramedics . p donahue journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
high-speed coating of optical fibres with thermally curable silicone resin using a pressurized die k chida s sakaguchi m wagatsuma t kimura electronic lett  
talk the royal institution of great britain london jj thomson phil . mag  
separable algebras over commutative rings f demeyer e ingraham  1970.0 
the schizosaccharomyces pombe mra 1 gene which is required for cell growth and mating can suppress f hakuno da hughes m yamamoto genes to cells 1996.0 
a case for source-level transformations in matlab v menon k pingali   
a decision-theoretic approach to information retrieval . jc moore wb richmond ab whinston acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
laser resurfacing for facial acne scars re jordan cl cummins aj burls dc seukeran cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
g-whiz a visual interface for the functional model with recursion j paredaens p peelman l tanca proc . 11th int . conference on very large databases stockolm  
noaa/nasa pathfinder avhrr land data set user 's manual . goddard distributed active archive center pa agbu me james   
current trends and practices in social studies assessment for the early grades j alleman j brophy social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
scalable sweeping-based spatial join l arge o procopiuc vldb 1998.0 
pruning decision trees with misclassification costs jp bradford c kunz r kohavi c brunk ce brodley lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
an algorithm for solving the job-shop problem j carlier e pinson management science 1989.0 
antidepressants for smoking cessation jr hughes lf stead t lancaster cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
snap to it automatic 3d object and silhouette registration g gornowicz l williams proc . acm siggraph technical sketch  
thromboembolic stroke due to acute ica occlusion l knepper jj wehner ca jungreis h yonas lr proceedings of the 23rd aha international conference on & hellip ;  
current status of r & d in trusted database management systems b thuraisingham acm sigmod record 1992.0 
md chair anne drapkin lyerly aj morales   
optimale modeilfolgesteuerung mit quadratischem gutekriterium angewandt auf einen p pelczewski u kunz automatisierungstechnik ( at )  
state of the art in workflow management system research and products . tutorial notes c mohan 5th international conference on extending database & hellip ;  
achieving zero information-loss in a classical database environment g bhargava sk gadia vldb 1989.0 
constraint programming and database query languages pc kanellakis dq goldin lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
unpacking the semantics of source and usage to perform semantic reconciliation in large-scale k smith l obrst sigmod record 1999.0 
foreign manufacturing investment in the united states : competitive strategies and international e schoenberger economic geography 1985.0 
numerical simulation of a thermoacoustic refrigerator a worlikar om knio f sicherheitstechnik esaim : proceedings 1996.0 
mining patterns in long sequential data with noise w wang j yang ps yu   
viewpoint can a course be taught entirely via email ? vv phoha communications-acm 1999.0 
characteristics and modelling of physical limnological processes m laska eidgenossische technische hochschule . zurich switzerland  
c. and knuth de a programming and problem solving seminar wyk van technical report stan-cs-79-707 stanford university stanford  
proposing an information flow analysis model to measure memory load for software development tc du cj lin cg liu information & software technology 2000.0 
giant molecules : here there and everywhere g ayu ar khokhlov academic san diego  
multiple access in packet switching networks : part i * generalized tree protocol yk sun kc chen dc twu submitted for  
marine corrosion 6 thint j rameau p gimenez m reboul & hellip ; ( athens greece : sep. 5-8 1984 ) athens greece athens & hellip ;  
sustainable development and deep ecology : an analysis of competing traditions m jacob environmental management 1994.0 
data mining with extended symbolic methods c apte e pednault s weiss procs . joint statistical meeting . ( 1998 ) ibm insurance  
mstar extended operating conditions : a tutorial er keydel sw lee j moore proceedings spie 1996.0 
a pcs hand-off model and its application yb lin lf chang ar noerpel submitted for publication  
the genetic interâ ?? est of incompatibility in fungi k mather see ref  
livny 1993 : m. carey l. haas and m. livny tapes hold data too : challenges of tuples on tertiary h carey proc . acm sigmod  
io issues in a multimedia system aln reddy j wyllie   
krivanek 0 l and rudee ml 1973 a howie phil . mag  
discovering the user : a practical glance at usability testing n campbell s walbridge j chisman kr diller electronic library 1999.0 
recent physics results from delphi ( abstract only ) r keranen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the top-techno mbas l copeland computerworld  
automating the development and evolution of user dialogue in an interactive information system ai wasserman d shewmake submitted far publication  
mcns/docsis mac clears a path for the cable-modem invasion l goldberg electronic design  
stability and stabilizability of discrete event dynamic systems cm ã?zveren as willsky pj antsaklis journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1991.0 
applying various constraints for efficient processing of xml tree pattern queries d che y liu   
optimal control of multidestination trac networks m papageorgiou jcm banos a messmer proc . 29th conf . on decision and control honolulu hawaii  
peerpressure : a statistical method for automatic misconfiguration troubleshooting hj wang j platt y chen r zhang ym wang   
compressing differences of executable code bs baker u manber r muth proceedings of acm sigplan 1999 workshop on compiler support & hellip ; 1999.0 
retrieval â ?? a kiryakov b popov i terziev d manov d elevierâ ?? s journal of web  
deutsch als zweit-und fremdsprache lang frankfurt/m . 1995 n ditmar m rost-roth   
stereology : a demonstration of some basic principles and applications tm mayhew gh cope ma williams m mahon lm cruz - part of a demonstration presented at the meeting of the & hellip ;  
blunted erectile response to hypothalamic stimulation in diabetes : a role for central nitric oxide as vollmer wg mayhan kp patel   
objectglobe : open distributed query processing services on the internet r braumandl m keidl a kemper d kossmann s   
cytokine gene polymorphisms and relevance to forms of rejection iv hutchinson v pravica c perrey p sinnott transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
n. turing machines with few accepting computations and low sets for pp j ksbler u schsning s toda j tor proceedings of the d thannual conference on structure in  
software cost estimation using an albus perceptron ( cmac ) b samson d ellison p dugard information and software technology 1997.0 
the artist as failure in nabokov 's early prose a field wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
xeros signs up eds m halper   
t. and kaiser bl ( 1972 ) . carboxypeptidase a : a mechanistic analysis et kaiser acc . chem . res  
capacity bounds for three classes of wireless networks : asymmetric cluster and hybrid s toumpis   
urbana-champaign il : graduate school of library science university of illinois ; 1980 . 117-134 il urbana   
the group paradigm for concurrency control a el abbadi s toueg proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
linux : at a turning point ? n leavitt   
semistructued data p buneman proc . of acm podsâ ?? 97  
dimensionality reduction for similarity searching in dynamic databases rk kv d agrawal a el abbadi a singh university of california at santa barbara santa barbara ca  
offers the convenience of downloading only the marine maps you want at a cost thatâ ?? s virtually gps teletype   
strategies for the study of family therapy research wm pinsof see wynne  
optimal tracking with previewed commands me halpern & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1991.0 
why do small dwarf perch breed late ? the causes and consequences of breeding schedule variation in et schultz  1990.0 
effect of î ³ radiation on crystalline materials irradiated in a reactor va nikolaenko vi karpukhin vg gordeev at .  
shaping alternative loan programs . am hauptman new directions for higher education 1982.0 
targetting complex structure in french questions b plunkett proceedings of the 23rd annual boston university conference & hellip ;  
production database systems : making them easy is hard work d campbell proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
security and inference in multilevel database and knowledge based systems m morganstern proc of acm sigmod  
the broadband boom m miller pc magazine  
mechanical vibration and shock measurements . 2nd edition 1st impression bruel & kjaer 1980 jt broch   
analysis of bse risk factors in the republic of argentina b canã © e gimeno jc manetti c van gelderen e  1991.0 
empirical performance evaluation of concurrency and coherency control protocols for data sharing . e rahm acm trans . on database  
serious hazards of transfusion annual report 1998 â ?? 99 e love lm williamson h cohen h jones a todd k   
quad trees a data structure for retrieval on composite keys ra finkel jl bentley acta informatica 1974.0 
intermediary infrastructures for the world wide web md dikaiakos computer networks 2004.0 
lssol users guide 1.0 p gill w murray m saunders  1990.0 
a new normal form for the design of relational database schemata c zaniolo acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
appendix c : list of attendees tj bergin rg gibson history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
use of computer-aided instruction in graduate nursing education : a controlled trial ep hoffer ho methewson a loughery go barnett journal of emergency nursing 1975.0 
index concurrency control in firm real-time dbms b goyal j haritsa s seshadri v srinivasan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
crucial factors in the origins of word-meaning l steels f kaplan a mcintyre j van looveren   
end-to-end performance and fairness in multihop wireless backhaul networks v gambiroza b sadeghi ew knightly   
a locking protocol for resource coordination in distributed systems da menasce gj popek rr muntz tods june  
new programs at darpa and nsf . x qian sigmod record 1996.0 
mobile harbor alabama dump scow overflow test : preliminary report of findings fd imsand water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
micro-payments based on ikp . ibm zurich research laboratory r hauser m steinerâ ? ¦  1996.0 
saga h garcia-molina k salem & hellip ; of the acm international conference on management on data ( & hellip ;  
helicopter modular avionic concepts a perkins european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
diffusion of cobalt in aluminum ms anand rp agarwala phil . mag. 1972.0 
expiring data in a warehouse h garcia-molina w labio j yang proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
the retinotopic organization of the visual cortex in the cat rj tusa la palmer ac rosenquist see . neurosc  
negatively correlated neural networks can produce best ensembles y liu x yao & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems  
the de dicto domain in language . z frajzyngier approaches to grammaticalization  
support for service composition in i3 i stoica k lakshminarayanan k wehrle proceedings of acm multimedia oct  
yyj u tietze acc . chem . res 1971.0 
a modified version of the lewellen and badrinath measure of tobin 's q de lee jg tompkins financial  
caught in the crossfire of gang violence : small children as innocent victims of drive-by shootings hr hutson d anglin w mallon mj pratts jr journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
cerebellar cortex : cytology and organization sl palay v chan-palay  1974.0 
modeling for naval applications umpcfd number proceedings of onr 23rd symposium  
cyclic nucleotides as modulators of leukocyte chemotaxis hr hill see ref  
national marine mammal laboratory 7600 sand point way ne pj gearin seattle  
mammalian lymph in tissue culture w bloom from lymphocyte to  
bypassed again ? is often left out of web planning e booker computerworld  
an architecture for coordinating planning sensing and action r simmons procs . darpa workshop on innovative approaches to planning & hellip ;  
while a phobic waits : regional brain electrical and autonomic activity predict anxiety in social rj davidson jr marshall aj tomarken jb submitted for publication  
coming out in the age of the internet : identity '' demarginalization '' through virtual group kya mckenna ja bargh journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
psychosocial factors affecting dissertation completion ke green new directions for higher education 1997.0 
a systematic study of quercus parvula greene on santa cruz island and mainland california kc nixon  1980.0 
digital village the discipline of internet forensics h berghel communications-acm 2003.0 
not e. : generating multilingual personalized descriptions of museum exhibitsâ ?? the m-piro project i androutsopoulos v kokkinaki a dimitromanolaki proc . 29th conference on computer applications and & hellip ;  
theoretical explanation for the output spectra of unlocked driven oscillators hl stover proc . ieee  
some theorems concerning slowly varying functions j karamata university of  
the repeatability problem in parapsychology eh walker procs . of an international conference held in san antonio & hellip ;  
a temporal framework for database specifications jmv castilho ma casanova al furtado vldb  
the heterogeneous multiscale methods for a class of stiff odes b engquist r tsai   
influence of air velocity and heat acclimation on human skin wettedness and sweating efficiency v candas jp libert jj vogt   
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? on optimistic methods for concurrency control ã cents â ? ¬ â ? acm trans ht kung jt robinson database syst  
larch : languages and tools for formal specification j guttag jj horningâ ? ¦  1993.0 
graph structure in the web www9 az broder sr kumar f maghoul p raghavan s computer networks  
dynamics of pond aquaculture hs egna ce boyd  1997.0 
banks turn to it to reclaim most profitable customers t hoffman computerworld  
home network . h bill pc magazine  
business partnerships a brown ml buck e skinner   
scalable browsing for large collections : a case study gw paynter ih witten sj cunningham g buchanan   
inducing spatial clustering in spread spectrum ad hoc networks for efficient usage of capacity x yang g de veciana submitted in proc . acm mobihoc may  
learning concepts by interaction pr cohen   
non-monotonic knowledge evolution in vlkdbs c esculier vldb 1990.0 
reaeration at low-head structures : preliminary results sc wilhelms water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
conditioning of radioactive wastes by incorporation into clay-based ceramic matrices as aloi bs kuznetsov yv kuznetsov at .  
raman 1985 : da beckley mw evans and vk raman multikey retrieval from kd-trees and quad-trees e beckley proc . acm sigmod  
ontology-based support for digital government a bouguettaya ak elmagarmid b medjahed m proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
a framework for evaluating the effectiveness of real-time object-oriented models p kumarakulasingam h saiedian information & software technology 2002.0 
managerial behavior and the bias in analystsâ ?? earnings forecasts l brown unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
hierarchical file organization and its application to similar-string matching t ito m kizawa acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
linearising nonlinear recursions in polynomial time yp saraiya proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1989.0 
a performance study of sequential i/o on windows nt ã?ã ? 4 e riedel c van ingen j gray procs . of  
sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles of database systems sigmod acm pods acm sigmod conference on the management of  
the technology revolution and the restructuring of the global economy u colombo  1988.0 
terrorism as an instrument of armed struggle and diplomacy : the changing face of the plo b pradhan international studies-bombay then new delhi - 2001.0 
home bookmarks publications fis181 fis183 software statistics jj arenzon m nicodemi m sellitto da stariolo y j. physique  
general features of monetary models and their significance . '' n wallace unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
statistical estimation of the switching activity in digital circuits '' 31st acm/ieee design m xakellis f najm san diego ca  
lazy consistency using loosely synchronized clocks a adya b liskov   
virtual reality technology g burdea p coiffet   
evaluating top-k queries over web-accessible databases a marian n bruno l gravano acm transactions on database systems 2004.0 
analytical modeling and characterization of deep-submicrometer interconnect d sylvester c hu proceedings-ieee 2001.0 
dosing recommendation for didanosina ( ddi ) in hiv-infected neonates and infants . 42 ndicaac b damle h brett-smith l reynolds s kaul san diego  
shape-similar retrieval in shape data management r mehrotra j gary ieee computer  
dwarf : shrinking the petacube y kotidis   
risperidone versus other atypical antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia sm gilbody am bagnall l duggan a tuunainen cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
on user interface reference models ka lantz   
similarity-based queries for time series data d raei a mendelzon proc . acm sigmod 1997.0 
on the estimation of snow thickness distributions over sea ice using active microwave scattering dg barber sv nghiem submitted for  
â ?? chemical analysis by spectrum observations crw bunsen gr kirchhoff phil .  
more children 's literature to promote citizenship in the upper and middle grades . al sandmann jf ahern social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
changes challenges and the future pa lawler kp king new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
microsoft office xp inside out m halvorson mj young  2001.0 
rethinking school leadership : moving from role to function in an inquiry-based model of school ma copland mw mclaughlin iii international conference on school management  
surfing the nanowaves : progress in understanding the gas-liquid interface . lf phillips acc . chem . res 2004.0 
approximation of functions of several variables and imbedding theorems sm nikol ` skii  1975.0 
acknowledging the learning styles of diverse student populations : implications for instructional ja anderson m adams new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
status of megawatt gyrotron development at cpi k felch m blank p borchard p cahalan s proc . 26th int . conf . infrared and millimeter waves ( icfrm  
soil catenas tropical deforestation and ancient and contemporary soil erosion in the peten t beach physical geography 1998.0 
chest physiotherapy compared to no chest physiotherapy for cystic fibrosis c van der schans a prasad e main cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
sp ; s version 4 ) 0 ; ser1s guide ms inc mathsoft inc. seattle  
study on the assessment the enhancement of the legal infrastructure and the management of the t adamakopoulos s gatzogiannis k poirazidis world wildlife fundâ ?? greece athens  
nucleocytoplasmic protein traffic and its significance to cell function y yoneda genes to cells 2000.0 
abnormal serum biochemistries in association with arterial gas embolism rm smith ts neuman journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
query evaluation of alternating xpoint logic w chen acm transactions on database systems  
digital b-trees db lomet vldb  
geometric inequalities jd burago va zalgaller  1988.0 
the unknown hatching agent for the potato-root eelworm gj janzen f van der tuin nematologica i  
non-archimedean analysis s bosch u gã 1/4 ntzer r remmert  1984.0 
organization and function of a central nervous system circadian oscillator : the suprachiasmatic ry moore fed proc 1983.0 
in search of an api for scalable reliable multicast j gemmell d bassett   
ograniczenie uzywania substancji psychoaktywnych i zwiazanych z tym szkã ³ d zdrowotnych j sieroslawski alkoholizm i narkomania  
on finite hankel transforms in sneddon phil . mag  
software and hardware for exploiting speculative parallelismwith a multiprocessor j oplinger d heine sw liao ba nayfeh ms lam k technical report csl-tr-97-715 stanford university computer  
inducing content based user models with inductive logic programming techniques me muller   
welfare-improving competition for mobile capital . jd wilson unpublished manuscript 2000.0 
inclusion of other in the self scale and the structure of interpersonal closeness a aron en aron d smollan journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
the relational view : cooperative strategy and sources of interorganizational competitive advantage jh dyer h singh the academy of management review 1998.0 
the r + - tree : a dynamic indexfor multi-dimensionalobjects t sellis n roussopoulos c faloutsos proc . 13th int . conf . on very large databases ( vldb )  
flight crewmember to provide cabin service instruct passengers in the use of emergency equipment f attendants   
distributed file sharing : barbarians at the gates ? m macedonia   
stacker 3.1 for windows & dos c barr pc magazine  
learning with interactive multimedia sr ambron k hooper  1990.0 
protective effect of monoclonal antibodies to adhesion molecules on rat liver ischemia-reperfusion s marubayashi y oshiro a fukuma k okada t transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
revised : may 2004 pc office md 1971.0 
e-mail from mary gephart howard 2002 ( 2002 ) '' mg howard   
transient and impulse response approximations em kennaugh dl moffatt   
telephony in the year 2005 j rinde  1999.0 
whatâ ?? s hot and whatâ ?? s not : tracking most frequent items dynamically g cormode s muthukrishnan acm trans . database syst 2005.0 
a fragment-based approach for efficiently creating dynamic web content j challenger p dantzig acm transactions on internet 2004.0 
image algebra with applications gx ritter unpublished manuscript  
reducing i/o demand in video-on-demand storage servers l golubchik jcs lui r muntz acm sigmetrics performance evaluation review 1995.0 
pcr protocols : a guide to methods and applications ma innis dh gelfand  1990.0 
integrating a structured-text retrievalsystemwithanobject-oriented databasesystem tw yan j annevelink proc 20th int conf on very large databases santiago chile  
deformable registration of cortical structures via hybrid volumetric and surface warping t liu d shen c davatzikos lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
on kent 's '' consequences of assuming a universal relation '' . dvd version acmsa dvd acm trans . database syst. 1983.0 
ubiquitous media agents for managing personal multimedia files wy liu z chen f lin r yang mj li hj zhang proceedings of acm  
graphic modelling technique for software execution time estimation ra ammar j wang ha scholl information and software technology 1992.0 
risk factors and pathogenesis of posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorders m ho transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
the passenger pigeon [ m ] aw schoger  1955.0 
the jungle database search engine m bohlen l bukauskas c dyreson   
methodological advances in protein nmr s grzesiek a bax acc . chem . res  
an essay on trade and transformation sb linder  1961.0 
an implementation of backtracking for programming languages c prenner b wegbreit   
indexing the positions of continously moving objects s saltenis cs jensen st leutenegger ma lopez proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
suction controlled oedometric tests in montmorillonite clay mv villar pl martin proc . 29th annual conference of the engineering group of the & hellip ;  
windows internals : microsoft windows server 2003 windows xp and windows 2000 m russinovich d solomon  2005.0 
determination of threshold stress intensity factor without the astm testing b farahmand boeing technical excellent conference seattle washington & hellip ;  
modeling phytoplankton blooms and carbon export production in the southern ocean : dominant controls c lancelot e hannon s becquevort c veth hjw de deep-sea research i 2000.0 
xml and information retrieval : d carmel y maarek a softer sigmod record 2001.0 
le guiming . two-stage coronal transport of solar flares particles from magnetic multipolarity h yongnian proc . 28th icrc  
piecewise linear structures on topological manifolds eprint arxiv : math y rudyak   
spectator games : a new entertainment modality of networked multiplayer games s drucker l he m cohen c wong a gupta   
granite lodge no . ontario : grantham ja : so grange   
aspects of risk theory j grandell  1994.0 
an abstract introduction to the temporal-hierarchic data model u schiel proc . of the intâ ?? l conf . on vldb  
data on the variation in ice concentration along the okhotsk sea coast of hokkaido m aota m ishikawa umi to sora  
geographic structure of genetic variation of populations of genus albinaria in the region of the a ayoutanti  1994.0 
some theoretical aspects of boosting in the presence of noisy data w jiang   
automatic verification of timed concurrent constraint programs . 2003 m falaschi a villanueva submitted for  
tomas : mapping adaptation under evolving schemas y velegrakis rj miller l popa j mylopoulos   
should there be holocaust education for k-4 students ? the answer is no s totten social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
a parallel processing strategy for evaluating recursive queries l raschid syw su vldb 1986.0 
miss grimp revisited : recofiguring composition literature and cultural literacy . f jussawalla new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
quadtree and r-tree indexes in oracle spatial : a comparison using gis data rkv kothuri proceedings of acm sigmod conference 2002.0 
the aditi deductive database system j vaghanl k ramamohanarao db kemp z somogyi pj the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
is this a quadrisect mesh g taubin proceedings of acm solid modeling symposium  
understanding and reducing web delays m zari   
more than room and board : linking residence and classroom . jl bess new directions for higher education 1973.0 
heuristic versus systematic information processing and the use of source versus message cues in s chaiken journal of personality and social psychology 1980.0 
an algorithm to generate sequential and parallel code with improved data locality m wolf m lam technical report stanford university  
a synthesis of women 's career development issues ll bierema new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
a2000 waste management monitoring report b nevada area  
linear discrete volterra equations | discrete paley-wiener theorem and its generalization y song submitted for  
high resolution ly-î ± observations of comet kohoutek by skylab and copernicus jd bohlin jf drake eb jenkins hu keller study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
mobile agent based service subscription and customization using the umts virtual home environment l hagen j mauersberger c weckerle computer networks 1999.0 
oscillations and traveling waves in chemical systems rj field m burger  1985.0 
developmental processes of cooperative interorganizational relationships ps ring ah van de ven the academy of management review 1994.0 
asusatl : the development of a low-cost satellite a friedman s ferring c lenz h reed b underbill proceedings of the 16 lh space symposiuman d amsat-na annual  
two variable orthogonal polynomials and structured matrices am delgado js geronimo p iliev f marcellan   
linear queries in statistical databases md schwartz de denning pj denning acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
transaction-and trust-based strategies in e-commerce-a conceptual approach ben birkhofer electronic markets 2000.0 
large deviation techniques in decision simulation and estimation ja bucklew  1990.0 
beyond charity : service learning for social justice rc wade social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
continuing professional education : a spiritually based program lw miller new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
sophtsticate 's mtroducuon to data base normahzatlon theory proc 4th int c beeri pa bernstein na goodman conf . on very large data bases west berhn germany sept  
space efficiency in synopsis construction problems s guha proc . of vldb conference  
video conference recording on the mbone w holfelder proceedings of acm  
project da capo + + â ?? volume i : architectural and detailed design b stiller d bauer g caronni c class c conrad   
control of the energy distribution in vvã?r using offsetâ ?? offset diagram pe filimonov at .  
towards automated detection of certificates of authenticity d kirovski microsoft research technical report  
serum trimethoprim and sulphamethoxazole levels in aids . fj bowden pj harman cr lucas lancet i 1986.0 
crash analyses and design of a belt integrated seat for occupant safety ys park gj park proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
effective functional test design increases pcb throughput pn douglas electronic manufacturing  
nv '' a data transfer protocol '' s stenning computer networks  
tonomuray ( 1997 ) panoramaexcerpts : extracting and packing panoramas for video browsing aa taniguchiy proc . acm multimedia conference  
. chronic rejection : pathogenesis and treatment . hm lee  1996.0 
dataguides : enabling query formulation and optimization in semi-structured databases the 23rd int r goldman j widom conf . on very large databases ( vldb ) athens greece  
indexing large human-motion databases e keogh proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
strengthening the student aid system in the community colleges . r johnson new directions for higher education 1982.0 
the protozoan nucleus morphology and evolution ib raikov  1982.0 
protecting the environment from waste disposal : the cement kiln option s herat environment protection engineering 1997.0 
concurrency and recovery for index trees b salzberg d lomet   
dcom and corba side by side step by step and layer by layer ym wangâ ? ¦   
multimedia memory of mayan medicine ( demonstration ) ta smith b woloch l teodosio jc de la parra fg proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
the cocoon object model mh schollâ ? ¦   
private self-consciousness self-awareness and the reliability of self-reports w nasby journal of personality and social psychology  
representational bias and test suite design l davis procs . of the 4th intl. conf . on genetic algorithms ( eds . ) & hellip ;  
chemical characteristics of organic color in water rf cristman m nakamura w williams  1970.0 
sima reference architecture part i : activity models â ?? nistir 5939 national institute of ej barkmeyer md  
hyper-books and visual-books in an electronic library m landoni electronic library 1993.0 
evaluation of operator interventions in autonomous off-road driving j scholtz b antonishek j young   
a query language for moving object trajectories hmo mokhtar j su   
saving the salmon : a history of the us army corps of engineersâ ?? efforts to protect anadromous fish l mighetto w ebel historical research associates inc. seattle washington  
conversing across cultures : east-west communication styles in work and nonwork contexts j sanchez-burks f lee i choi r nisbett s zhao journal of personality and social psychology 2003.0 
a semi-triangle-inequality for distances between shapes r fagin l stockmeyer ibm research division almaden research center san jose & hellip ;  
security model for the next-gerneration secure computing base wpd notes microsoft corporation  
ethnic factor in the himalayan kingdoms k labh international studies-bombay then new delhi - 1995.0 
microsoft opens door on â ?? janus â ?? mj foley microsoft  
ands . h.-c . yen analysisandjusticationofasimple practical 2 1/2 - d capacitance j cong l he ab kahng d noice n shirali proc . acm/ieee design automation  
disjunctive datalog with nested rules s greco n leone f scarcello   
an investigation of the partitioning of algorithms across an mimd computing system e gilbert technical report computer systems laboratory stanford  
issues in ontology-based applications [ j ] c zhan dm jones po ` bfien sigmod record  
lllustra 's web datablade module j gaffney sigmod record 1996.0 
george orwell : the satiric resolution r quintana wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
substrates calquing and grammaticalization in melanesian pidgin rm keesing approaches to grammaticalization  
the mid-cheshire salt industry k walwork geography  
thermal generation of current in semiconductor gaps od kazachkovskii at .  
dbmss on a modern processor : â ?? where does all the time go?â ?? revisited m becker n mancheril s okamoto   
andez sj stolfo the merge/purge problem for large databases m hern proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
the 1980-81 washington pre-college counselors guide rj noeth seattle : washington pre-college test program  
social types : process structure and ethos ; collected studies oe klapp  1971.0 
navigation in liver surgeryâ ?? results of a requirement analysis p hassenpflug m vetter c cã ¡ rdenas m thorn hp   
on multi-agent systems specification via deontic logic a lomuscio m sergot lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
alternative transport architecture for core atm networks pa veitch bt technology journal 1998.0 
rhinocerebral mucormycosis : a case of a rare but deadly disease-therapy with amphotericin b lipid rg hendrickson j olshaker o duckett journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
prejudice against fat people : ideology and self-interest cs crandall journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
an algebraic approach to rule analysis in expert database systems e bar & s j widom   
distribution and abundance of fishes and invertebrates in gulf of mexico estuaries volume i : data dm nelson md  
cycles of learning in the centipede game g ponti   
configuring sessions in programmable networks s choi j turner t wolf computer networks 2003.0 
frequency estimation of multiple sinusoids : making linear prediction perform like maximum likelihood dw tufts r kumaresan proc . ieee  
competition communication or culture ? explaining three decades of foreign economic policy diffusion b simmons z elkins unpublished manuscript  
on the complexity of computing minimum energy consumption broadcast subgraphs aef clementi p crescenzi p penna g rossi p lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
a dynamic efficiency model using data envelopment analysis j sengupta   
internet users cruising for info. not purchase e booker computerworld  
implementing semantic data integration for the internet p kabus msc thesis department of computer science darmstadt university  
nonverbal information recognition and its application to communications r nakatsu proceedings of the sixth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
pulmonary embolism : diagnosis with contrast-enhanced electron-beam ct and comparison with pulmonary c teigen t muas p sheedy journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
impredicative overloading in explicit mathematics t studer   
hypergeometric functions ig macdonald unpublished  
pseudo-coprime factorizations for regular linear systems rf curtain submitted for  
naã ¯ ve-network aware internet video encoding hm briceo s gortle l mcmillan proc . acm multimedia  
selections from the prison notebooks a gramsci   
detection of dynamic execution errors in ibm system automation 's rule-based expert system c sinz t lumpp jm schneider w kuechlin information & software technology 2002.0 
beyond transfer of training : using multiple lenses to assess community education programs jm ottoson new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
myth and reality in the origin of american economic geography jd fellmann geography 1906.0 
effects of design and operating parameters on the static and dynamic performance of an j lee j yoo d kim k park sh park proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2003.0 
performance evaluation of the hdlc protocol e gelenbe j labetoulle g pujolle computer networks  
an automated driver based on convergent vector fields tj gordon mc best pj dixon proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
capture and age determination method for the gadwall ( anas strepera ) rj blohm  1977.0 
the well-posedness of fbsdes ( ii ) j zhang   
controls on international securities transactions j riddle  1992.0 
thesus a closer view on web content management enhanced with link semantics i varlamis m vazirgiannis ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
automatic induction of rules for e-mail classification . um2001 : 8th int . conf . on user modeling j kay e mccreath & hellip ; on user modeling machine learning and information retrieval  
evaluation of the one loop string path integral j polchinski communications in mathematical physics 1986.0 
comm . v. weeks 430 us 73 83-84 ( 1977 ) . in this context â ?? plenaryâ ?? does not mean â ?? absolute â ?? dt bus   
virtual private network bandwidth management with traffic prediction w cui m bassiouni computer networks 2003.0 
mining features for sequence classification [ a ] . 5th intl conf on knowledge discovery and data n lesh m zaki m ogihara san diego  
the reach active dbms ap buchmann a deutsch j zimmermann proc . intl. conference on management of data ( sigmod ) san & hellip ;  
mobile ipv6 and the future of wireless internet access sj vaughan-nichols   
maximum wireless security ( chapter 9 ) c peikari s fogie   
spatial joins using r-trees : breadth-first traversal with global optimizations h yun-wu j ning ea rundensteiner proc international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
speed and data structures in computer algebra systems rj fateman cg ponder acm sigsam bulletin 1989.0 
on the relation between visual and auditory signs r jakobson see ref  
conservative and consistent implementation and systematic comparison of sou and quick scheme for a sharma v eswaran proc . 2nd int . and 29th natl. fmfp  
use of soil and water protection practices among farmers in three midwest watersheds tedl napier environmental management 2001.0 
grazing graminoids and hysteresis : investigating relationships between livestock production da sarr  1995.0 
speaker recognition based on idiolectal differences between speakers g doddingtonâ ? ¦   
workform processing : a model and language for parallel computation d cheriton  1985.0 
bid . 1981 83 3935 4884 . ( c ) cocks wd walters   
interaction-induced light scattering as a source of information on properties and interactions of n meinander gc tabisz sm el-sheikh oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
web servers benchmark tests '' g alwang pc magazine  
natural products radical reactions d monti p tagliatesta t boschi uã?s di roma t acc . chem . res 1991.0 
a homotopy approach to rational covariance extension with degree constraint p enqvist   
acute plastic bowing deformity : a review of the literature je aponte a ghiatas journal of emergency medicine 1989.0 
a problem-oriented inferential database system el lozinskii acm transactions on database systems 1986.0 
transactions and integrity constraints s abiteboul v vianu proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
should evaluation become implementation ? a browne a wildavsky new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
a vision of management of complex models pa bernstein r pottinger sigmod record 2000.0 
the aggregate update problem in functional programming languges p hudak a bloss proc . 12th acm popl  
optical communications rm gagliardi s karp  1976.0 
potential for the dvelopment of and the possibility of attaining a state of radiation equivalence of eo adamov ba gabaraev ik ganevâ ? ¦ at .  
discovery of multiple-level association from large database j han y fu proceedings of 1995 international conference on very large & hellip ;  
immunocytochemical localization of atrial natriuretic peptide in the venae cavae and the pulmonary th larsen the histochemical journal 1988.0 
lg 2001 . soluciones crm : invierta en sus clientes q samaniego pc magazine en  
performance modelling nw macfadyen bt technology journal 2003.0 
e-notebook middleware for accountability and reputation based trust in distributed data sharing p ruth d xu b bhargava f regnier lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
the flag taxonomy of open hypermedia systems . hypertextâ ¹ 96 proceedings k osterbye uk wiil  1996.0 
eden : an engine for definitive notation-design implementation and evaluation yey wai msc thesis department of computer science university of  
parallelism in a main-memory dbms : the performance of prisma/db pmg apers an wilschut j flokstra proceedings of the 18th vldb conference  
positron-emission tomography and personality disorders pf goyer pj andreason we semple ah clayton neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1994.0 
an approach to the study of ecological relationships among grassland birds ja wiens  1966.0 
removing permissions in the flexible authorization framework d wijesekera s jajodia f parisi-presicce a acm transactions on database systems 2003.0 
a distributed execution environment for shared java objects n erdogan ye selcuk o sahingoz information and software technology 2004.0 
do electronic site licenses for academic journals benefit the scientific community ? ct bergstrom tc bergstrom   
towards effective software abstractions for application engineering r girardi procs . nasa focus on reuse workshop sept  
a complete regulatory loop between the immune and neuroendocrine systems je blalock em smith fed proc 1985.0 
quest for machines that think c lindquist computerworld  
observations of semidiurnal atmospheric tides using the eiscat incoherent scatter radar ( abstract a huuskonen t nygren proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder jl martin mj barbanoj v perez m sacristan cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
abundance and distribution of harbor porpoise ( phocoena phocoena ) in southeast alaska cook inlet m dahlheim a york j waite c goebel-diaz md  
multimedia data base management : applications and a position paper s christodoulakis proc . of the acm sigmod conf  
1993 a cypher watch what i do : programming by  
multiresolution mesh morphing awf lee d dobkin w sweldens p schroder   
paradox 7 : powerful 32-bit database build for developers s riccardi pc magazine south  
transnational diffusion and the african american reinvention of gandhian repertoire s chabot mobilization-san diego - 2000.0 
adding mobility to non-mobile web robots np sudmann d johansen icdcs workshop of knowledge discovery and data mining in the & hellip ; 2000.0 
the theory of sound jws rayleigh  1945.0 
reuse strategies in software development : an empirical study a pohthong d budgen information & software technology 2001.0 
heterogeneous parallel architecture for improving signal processing performance in doppler blood dfg nocetti js gonzalez jm flores dr hernã ¡ ndez proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ; 1996.0 
managing change requests effectively d bustard a sweeney software quality management-international conference - 1997.0 
optimal allocation of electronic content i cidon s kutten r soffer computer networks 2002.0 
integrating temporal real-time and active databases k ramamritham r sivasankaran ja stankovic dt sigmod record 1996.0 
the influence of mechanical stress on graft healing in a bone tunnel k yamakado k kitaoka h yamada k hashiba r arthroscopy-new york - 2002.0 
an architecture for a relational dataflow database machine l bit m herendeen joint proc . sigmod symp . small syst . workshop small database & hellip ;  
hellenic wiscâ ?? iii d georgas in paraskevopoulos hg bezevegis nd athens greece : ellinika grammata  
strongly nonlinear internal solitionsâ ?? analytical models and fully nonlinear computaitons j grue la ostrovsky  2001.0 
uniform object modeling methodology and reuse of real-time system using uml bm duc proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
a query language and optimization techniques for unstructured dataâ '' in sigmod p buneman s davidson g hillebrand d suciu san diego  
structural digital image signature for image authentication : an incidental distortion resistant cs lu hym liao proc . acm multimedia workshop  
combined thermionic and photoelectric emission from dispenser cathodes dw feldman a valfells j neumann j harris b   
interview with authors b landing san diego  
interactional drama : a path to the past . tn turner d hendricks social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
estimate of the degree of contamination of water during storage of vitrified radioactive wastes in li anisimova vv kulichenko nv krylova lb at .  
science in the courts : a comparative analysis of admissibility standards and their impact on the si gatowski sa dobbin jt richardson gp ginsburg ivth european congress of psychology athens greece july  
robust admission control for heterogeneous atm systems with both cell and call qos requirements d mitra mi reiman j wang proc .  
1990 : maternal and child health data base descriptive narrative rl williams santa barbara ca : university of california at santa barbara & hellip ;  
the self-sufficiency project at 36 months : effects of a financial work incentive on employment and c michalopoulos d card la gennetian k harknett  2000.0 
an approach to object sharing in distributed datbase systems p lyngbaek d mcleod vldb 1983.0 
zoe postcards from canada austin tx : steck-vaughn company 1996 f dawson   
on constant-weight tsp-tours s jones   
topologies with rocketfuelâ '' n spring r mahajan d wetherall isp measuring proceedings of acm  
tissue-engineered growth of bone and cartilage ca vacanti w kim j uptonâ ? ¦  1993.0 
the kalpa-sutra w schubring ms burgess  1910.0 
and - \ \ phi primitives jh anderson yj kim lmeu fetch proceedings of the 23rd international conference on  
cryptic crossword clue interpreter m hart rh davis information and software technology 1992.0 
a service learning research agenda for the next five years de giles jr j eyler new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
laser physics : x-ray lasers ultrashort pulses strong laser systems av borovsky al galkin  1996.0 
whiteness and americanness : examining constructions of race culture and nation in white womenâ ?? s r frankenberg see ref  
rainforest-a framework for fast decision tree construction of l datasets   
qc-trees : an effective summary structure for semantic olap lvs lakshmanan j pei y zhao proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
institutional preventive stress management . jc quick new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
move over ascii ! unicode is here c petzold pc magazine  
particleboard with different content of releasable formaldehyde : a comparison of the board b sundin proc 21st int particleboard symp washington  
index of subjects bound variable e williams   
efficient group signature schemes for large groups j camenisch m stadler lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
db2 query parallelâ ?? ism : staging and implement at ion y wang   
the $ 2,000 hour : how managers influence project performance through the rework cycle kg cooper project management journal 1994.0 
temporal management of rfid data f wang p liu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
27 good reasons to buy a cd-rom player r raskin pc magazine-american edition - 1992.0 
evaluation of compacted area of heavy tamping by cone point resistance a oshima n takada proc. int . conf . centrifuge  
m. de vrics g ; fozard jl and coleman r. user interfaces for young and old interactions iv . 2 u biouwer-janse s md y jf proc . of acm  
the technology of error-correcting codes er berlekamp ieee proceedings 1980.0 
efficient generation of broadcast schedules wg yee sb navathe submitted for publication  
dynamische messung des relativen gasgehalts in blasensã $ ulen mittels absorption von rã ¶ ntgenstrahlen r beinhauer  1971.0 
interpreting critical issues : comparing past and modern plagues m zarnowski social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
privacy and security of data communications and data bases dk hsiao ds kerr se madnick vldb surveys 1978.0 
forest-regular languages and tree-regular languages m murata unpublished manuscript  
safely and efficiently update references during on-line reorganization vldb '98 c zou b salzberg proceedings of 24th international conference on very large & hellip ;  
some recent studies on the polysaccharides of agarophytes c araki proc . int . seaweed symp  
airway compromise and delayed death following attempted central vein injection of propylhexedrine j perez bt burton jg mcgirr journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
workflow management with service quality guarantees m gillmann   
john hancock presentation at the private long-term care insurance conference m cheung san diego ca  
cultivating an integrated curriculum : the school garden ja braun social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
the use of state tying in continuous speech recognition sj young pc woodland proc . eurospeech  
ernesn 2000 biomagnetic systems for clinical use s della penna c del gratta c granata a phil .  
and now ... the answers ! how to deal with conflict in higher education sa holton new directions for higher education 1995.0 
512 1 includes 2 meters of fiber lx pmd   
measurement-based guidance of software projects using explicit project plans cm lott hd rombach   
an introduction to high strength commercial waste . stuth co inc. and aqua test wl stuth c garrison inc. project . seattle washington  
induced epizootics : protozoa wm brooks see ref  
c. and cochrane pa 1996 ab singhal proc . of acm  
a hidden markov model based keyword recognition system rc rose db paul   
multisite evaluations of health care policies and programs ja freedman new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
calculation of the influence of an electric field on the free energy of formation of a nucleus jo isard phil . mag  
concurrency control for distributed real-time databases lsr rajkumar jp lehoczky acm sigmod record ( mar. .  
combating web spam with trustrank z gyongyi h garcia-molina j pedersen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
response to '' remarks on two new theorems of date and fagin cj date sigmod record 1993.0 
communicating x-machines j barnard j whitworth m woodward information and software technology 1996.0 
six keys to effective instruction in large classes : advice from a practitioner . j aronson new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
some relationships between the biochemistry of photosynthesis and the gas exchange of leaves s caemmerer gd farquhar planta 1981.0 
real-time skin rendering on graphics hardware pv sander d gosselin jl mitchell proceedings of acm siggraph 2004.0 
case study : on-site management in willard new mexico c van lenten national on-site demonstration program national & hellip ;  
a regularization technique for nonlinear ill-posed problems applied to myocardial activation time r modre technical university graz. doctor thesis  
wb vearson jp jan wb pearson phil . mag  
more accurate equation for analyzing by the radial averaging method the separation of a binary vi tokmantsev at .  
fabrication of sicâ ?? bn composite particles by fluidized-bed cvd and its applications j hojo w nabekura k kishi s umenayashi see  
grid computing : case studyâ ?? entelos c metz pc  
nâ ? ² dow j. : urinary diversion and bladder reconstruction/replacement using intestinal segments for sm yong n dublin r pickard dj cody de neal cochrane database syst  
intershop : a distributed architecture or electronic shopping jb baty rm lee proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1995.0 
social justice sexuality and the city l knopp urban geography 1994.0 
the halo effect and technology licensing : the influence of institutional prestige on the licensing wd sine s shane d di gregorio management science 2003.0 
in : crawford dl ( ed . ) the iraf data reduction and analysis system instrumentation in astronomy vi d tody proc . spie  
microsoft site server ( commerce edition ) b ojjeh   
the first year of college teaching ld fink new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
the changing information needs of users in electronic information environments g kebede electronic library 2002.0 
putting social studies back into early primary classrooms . ek stuckey social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
data movement and control substrate for parallel scientific computing n chrisochoides i kodukula k pingali lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
westlake and irvine california : paradigms for the 21 st century ? dg kane  1996.0 
understanding bgp misconfigurations d wetherall r mahajan t anderson proc . acm sigcomm  
the devolution of immigration regimes in europe g lahav v guiraudon & hellip ; community studies association meeting seattle washington & hellip ;  
creating community within individual courses aw chickering new directions for higher education 2000.0 
iterative algebras and postâ ?? s varieties . ( russian ) ai malâ ?? tsev algebra i logika  
the spatial configuration of the firm and the management of sunk costs ( * ) . gl clark n wrigley economic geography 1997.0 
solution of the equation ax + xb = c rh bartels gw stewart comm . acm  
testing the distribution of nonstationary mri data sj kisner tm talavage   
uk team surveys web-based visualization k brodlie s lovegrove j wood proceedings of acm siggraph 2000  
observations of optical counterparts of gamma-ray bursts fk knight  1992.0 
case studies on real options agz kemna   
geologic map of the figueroa mountain quadrangle twj dibblee dibblee geological foundation : santa barbara california  
planimetry study of the percent of body surface represented by the hand and palm : sizing irregular r sheridan l petra g basha journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
functional and inclusion dependencies a graph theoretic approach ss cosmadakis pc kanellakis proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
tenncare : the impact of state health care reform on emergency patients and caregivers . kd hulen lm beeler journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 
mathematizing modeling and communicating in reform classrooms progress report p cobb e yackel kpe gravemeijer unpublished manuscript  
assessing students ' problem-solving assignments rs anderson jb puckett new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
ibcâ ?? s 2nd annual symposium on exploting enyzme technology for industrial applications x zhu cm lewis mc haley mb bhatia s pannuri s san diego usa  
alkaline metal complexes as electron-injecting layer in organic el devices j endo j kido t matsumoto proc . int . conf . adv. tech . polym.  
federal agencies fail security test l didio computerworld  
report on the 1995 international workshop on temporal databases a segev cs jensen rt snodgrass sigmod record 1995.0 
specification and verification of pipelining in the arm 2 risc microprocessor jk huggins d van campenhout acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems 1998.0 
non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) for treating lateral elbow pain in adults s green r buchbinder l barnsley s hall m white cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
source acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) archive g wiederhold acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1990.0 
the development of an instrument for inventorying knowledge of the processes of science ww welch  1966.0 
non-parametric models in the monitoring of engine performance and condition part 2 : non-intrusive f gu pj jacob ad ball   
a global standard at black & decker s kolodziej computerworld  
ultrastructural cytochemical properties of elastinassociated microfibrils and their relation to t baba m takagi a kagami h hishikawa y the histochemical journal 1988.0 
an algorithm for the fusion of correlated probabilities jo ` brien procs . of fusion  
avatar motion control by user body postures s yonemoto h nakano r taniguchi proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
ras-mediated activation of rala/phospholipase d pathway is required for the growth-promoting effects z lu a hornia t sukezane m zhong t joseph p submitted for  
incremental distance join algorithms for spatial databases grhh samet proc . of the acm sigmod  
hash-based ip tracback ac snoeren c partridge la sanchez ce jones f proceedings of acm sigcomm 2001  
national genetic resources program . germplasm resources information network - ( grin ) . [ online database ] ars usda   
mercury in the environment : problems and remedial measures in sweden epa swedish  1991.0 
secure b allcock j bester j bresnahan al chervenak i & hellip ; transport and replica management for high-performance data - & hellip ; 2001.0 
sex role adaptability : one consequence of psychological androgyny sl bern journal of personality and social psychology  
cj & whelan mj ( 1977 ) p rez cj humphreys phil . mag  
library use and the development of critical thought . sh plum new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
infrared plasma diagnostics with lasers e holzhauer & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
computer algebra on mimd machine jl roch p senechaud f sievert-rich g villard acm sigsam bulletin 1989.0 
integer programming formulation of traveling salesman problems ce miller aw tucker ra zemlin journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1960.0 
restoring the nationâ ?? s marine environment . maryland sea grant college program college park gw thayer md  
may 1979 jl white n perspective mit laboratory for computer science from proceedings of the  
efficient prolog access to codaysl and fdm databases pmd gray proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1985.0 
what should introductory courses do ? . mw gregory new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
proactive caching of dns records : addressing a performance bottleneck e cohen h kaplan computer networks 2003.0 
self-similarity in the web d stephen k ravi m kevin r sridhar d sivakumar proc . vldbâ ?? 01  
examining metrics for peer-to-peer reputation systems s marti h garcia-molina   
complexity and the social w medd   
thor userâ ?? s manual : tutorial and commands ra hi t blank k choi sy hwang a salz l soule technical report csl-tr-88-348 stanford university stanford  
64-channel wdm wavelength-selective receiver monolithically integrated on inp substrate n kikuchi y shibata h okamoto y kawaguchi s proc . 28th eur . conf . on opt .  
user needs assessment and evaluation ( working session ) d levy proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
critical thinking and design : evolution of a freshman engineering graphics course la sanchez tk hight j gainen new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
objective distance measures for spectral discontinuities in concatenative speech synthesis j vepa s king p taylor   
maha : a program for datapath sunthesis ac parker jt pizzarro m mlinar proc . ieee/acm  
needha chair 's message m hagler ieee edsoc/asee ee div . '' newsletter '' spring  
sevcik : the grid file h nievergelt acm tods  
scalable high speed ip muting lookups [ a ] m waldvogel g varghese j turnerâ ? ¦ proc acm sigcomm  
dynamic performance of robot manipulators under different operating conditions ay zomaya   
making sense of oneâ ?? s experience in the workplace s van stralen new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
expert judgement as an estimating method rt hughes information and software technology 1996.0 
microcomputer-based control and simulation of an advanced interior permanent magnet ( 1pm ) bk bose pm szczesny i ieee  
design of an intelligent interface for software planning md brouwer-janse m grunes information and software technology 1987.0 
adaptive equalization of multiple-input multiple-output ( mimo ) channels am tehrani b hassibi jm cioffi proc . int . contr .  
relationship between amplitudes of harmonics and intermodulation frequencies m callendar   
disposable surgical face masks for preventing surgical wound infection in clean surgery a lipp p edwards cochrane database syst review 2002.0 
'' lc ladder used as broadband prototype for distributed components js seeley submitted for  
the composition of boards of directors and strategic control : effects on corporate strategy b baysinger re hoskisson the academy of management review 1990.0 
induced vertical mixing in a stratified impoundment by a subsurface warm-water discharge . k henkel  1973.0 
electronic commerce technologies w kou  2001.0 
the lactose permease of escherichia coli : what to do while awaiting crystals of a membrane transport hr kaback j wu acc chem res  
bandwidth management for the people f saffre c hoile m shackleton bt technology journal 2005.0 
analysis of the thermal expansion of anisotropic solids : application to zinc thk barron rw munn phil . mag  
dataguides : enabling query formulation and optimization in semistructured databases r. goldman j. r goldman vldb  
a rigorous approach to formal methods cb jones ieee computer  
the role of body condition on breeding and foraging decisions in albatrosses and petrels h weimerskirch proc . int . ornithol . congr  
andg . hd suciu . aquerylanguageandoptimizationtechniques forunstructured data p buneman s davidson proceedings of acm sigmod conference  
lecture series on superconductivity hr ott eth zurich switzerland  
the doom phenomenon jr neil pc magazine  
guest editors ' introduction : special section on mining and searching the web b liu s chakrabarti ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
linguistically informed models of constituent structure for ordering in sentence realization e ringger m gamon m smets s corston-oliver r microsoft research technical report msr-tr-2003-54  
the conservation of orbital symmetry verlag chemie : germany 1970 ; b ) r. hoffmann rb woodward rb woodward acc . chem . res  
leviathan t hobbes   
the motivation to teach : meanings messages and morals jl bess new directions for teaching and learning . '' motivating & hellip ;  
graphdb : a data model and query language for graphs in databases rh gã 1/4 ting   
mining sequential patterns by pattern-growth : the prefixspan approach b mortazavi-asl j wang h pinto q chen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
a hypertext system for cad applications nm delisle md schwartz proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;  
s. duesbery ms and taylor r 1970 zs basinski phil . mag  
the analysis of magnetohydrodynamics and plasma dynamics in metals processing operations cw chang j szekely tw eagar & hellip ; in metal processing proceedings 25 th sagamore army & hellip ; 1978.0 
disruption-tolerant content-aware video streaming t liu s nelakuditi proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
scientific and engineering innovation in the world : a new beginning mc roco & hellip ; der eidergennossischen technischen hochschule switzerland  
adaptive implementation of the internal model principle h elliott gc goodwin proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference on decision and & hellip ;  
an alternative approach to resource classification a arik proc . 28th intern . symp . computer applications in the & hellip ;  
dopamine versus dobutamine for hypotensive preterm infants nv subhedar nj shaw cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
incidence of adverse biological effects within ranges of chemical concentrations in marine and er long dd macdonald sl smith fd calder  1995.0 
ontology-driven geographic information systems ft fonseca mj egenhofer   
a unified approach for analyzing persistent non-persistent and onâ ?? off tcp sessions in the a gupta v sharma   
heavily doped semiconductors f vi  1969.0 
an input/output primitive for object-oriented systems . ms powell information and software technology 1988.0 
evaluating programs for the homeless dj rogâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation ( series no. 52 ) san & hellip ; 1992.0 
slicing pointers and procedures ( abstract ) md ernst   
multispectral-based color reproduction research at the munsell color science laboratory electronic rs berns fh imai pd burns dy tzeng  1998.0 
observations on the nature distribution and significance of cephalosporinase pc fleming m goldner dg glass lancet i 1963.0 
embedded operating systems face greater productivity demands l werner electronic design  
a connectionist approach to continuous speech recognition jp martens procs forwiss/crim esprit  
capturing long memory in the volatility of equity returns : a fractionally integrated asymmetric th mccurdy pk michaud unpublished manuscript  
management for distributed computing environment-based applications n winton bt technology journal 1997.0 
hard-won lessons in program evaluation m scriven new directions for program evaluation 1993.0 
developing user interfaces for microsoft windows en mckay  1999.0 
fast paxos l lamport   
collars and partitions of hyperbolic cone-surfaces e dryden submitted for publication 2004.0 
4th icamâ ?? iumrs conf . ( beijing 1999 ) physica c mr koblischka m muralidhar m murakami  2000.0 
on an asymptotic approach to some problems in scheduling theory sv sevast ` yanov papers at  
the araneus web-base management system p atzeni g mecca p merialdo a masci g sindoni proc . int . conf . sigmod  
received and perceived social support in times of stress : a test of the social support deterioration fh norris k kaniasty journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
the stochastic location model with risk pooling lv snyder ms daskin cp teo submitted for publication 2003.0 
the galileo imaging team 1998 . classification of europan ridges and troughs and a possible genetic rt pappalardo jw head nd sherman r greeley rj proc . lunar planet . sci . conf . 29th . lunar and planetary & hellip ;  
learning disabilities r baldwin tj kenny & hellip ; . seattle washington : special child publications of the  
strukturnaya khimiya ss batsanov fakty i  
industrial gums : polysaccharides and their derivatives gh therkelsen  1993.0 
decidability and expressiveness aspects of logic queries o siimueli proc . 6th acm  
user-adaptive exploration of multidimensional data s sarawagi vldb 2000.0 
requirements for b-isdn signallingâ ?? broadband services rj morley rr knight bt technology journal 1998.0 
extending the scope of database services d bsrbsr sigmod record 1993.0 
mobile internet : an empirical study of b2c wap applications in italy u bertelã ? electronic markets 2002.0 
bias responsiveness swing majoritarianism and disproportionality : sense and nonsense in the b monroe presentedatthe1998politicalmethodologymeeting san diego  
m. and mcclure w. 0 . ( 1968 ) g edelman acc . chem .  
sharing and first class functions in object-oriented languages ta budd submitted for  
dew : a dependable web services framework e alwagait s ghandeharizadeh submitted for publication 2003.0 
enrichment of dioxin-dehalogenating bacteria by a two-liquid-phase system with 1 2 3 - m bunge a wagner jr andreesen u lechner   
transgenic cotton present and future gm jividen proceedings of the 23rd international cotton conference  
operational support systemsâ ?? glossary ig dufour bt technology journal 1997.0 
multicomplexes bounded cohomology and additivity of simplicial volume . available at http://front . t kuessner   
national tall fescue testâ ?? 1996 . progress report 1997 ntep no. 98-1 . national turfgrass evaluation kn morris r shearman md  
lectin binding to rat spermatogenic cells : effects of different fixation methods and proteolytic r malmi ko sã ¶ derstrã ¶ m the histochemical journal 1988.0 
cancer incidence and survival among children and adolescents : united states seer program 1975-1995 lag ries ma smith jg gurney m linet t tamra md  
spatial joins using r-trees : breadth-first traversal with global optimizations yw huang n jing ea rundensteiner vldb 1997.0 
5 steps to success in lead-free soldering -- step 4 : implement lead-free manufacturing g diepstraten electronic production  
ict and the changing landscape of global tourism distribution h werthner electronic markets 1999.0 
the administrator 's role in providing educational excellence . tj hegarty new directions for higher education 1983.0 
cutaneous mechanoreceptors and nociceptors pr burgess er perl handbook of sensory physiology 1973.0 
models of man ha simon  1957.0 
parallel index building in informix online 6.0 w davison   
querying object-orienteddatabases wk michaelkifer y sagiv proc . of acm sigmod  
large scale structures : observations and instrumentation c balkowski s gordon proceedings of the daec ( departement d &#39; astrophysique & hellip ; 1988.0 
lessons from a sensor network expedition r szewczyk j polastre a mainwaring d culler lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
establishing evaluative conclusions : a distinction between general and working logic dm fournier new directions for program evaluation  
h. g.-m. and silberschatz a. 1992 . overview of multidatabase transaction management y breitbart vldb  
integration von wahrscheinlichkeiten : verarbeitung von zwei wahrscheinlichkeitsinformationen [ t bamert & hellip ; masterâ ?? s thesis university of zurich switzerland  
internet keyed payments protocol ( ikp m linehan g tsudik  1995.0 
wong . m â ?? mining fuzzy association rules in databases â ?? c kuok a fu sigmod record-quarterly publication of thespecial interest & hellip ;  
customer relationship management k bannon pc magazine  
private liberal arts colleges and teacher preparation . nf daly new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
an introduction to differential flatness of mechanical systems r murray m rathinam m van nieuwstadt proceedings of ecole dâ ?? et ! ee th ! eeorie et practique des & hellip ;  
importance of ice edges to high-arctic seabirds msw bradstreet proc . int . ornithol . congr  
models of women 's learning : implications for continuing professional education . k loughlin v mott new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
enhancing e-communities with agent-based systems s case n azarmi m thint   
innovation in organization : notes toward a theory jq wilson approaches to organization design  
mining fuzzy implication-based association rules in quantitative databases [ a ] gq chen p yan ee kerre proceedings of flins2002belgium : world scientific  
azimuthal surface modes of magnetoactive plasma waveguides va girka ia girka an kondratenko vi tkachenko radiotekhnika i elektronika 1988.0 
a modeling study of the tpc-c benchmark a publication in a conference st leutengger d dias proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
evaluation of a pragmatic approach for the prediction of radiation-induced losses in optical fibers m van uffelen f berghmans mc dã © creton a proc . spie 2000.0 
maintenance of mobile system ambients using a process calculus t ando k takahashi y kato n shiratori computer networks 2000.0 
1930 ( posted at www . rootsweb . com/kyletcher ) '' lc births  1921.0 
progressive coding of 3-d graphic models j li ccj kuo proceedings-ieee 1998.0 
automatic subspaceclusteringof high dimensionaldatafor data mining applications r agrawal j gehrke d gunopulos p raghavan   
concise papers he blok s choenni hm blanken ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
maa and de culler . parallelism in dataflow programs . computation structures group memo 279 gk arvind  1987.0 
fundaciã ³ n macarthur inventario del desarrollo de habilidades comunicativas [ macarthur communi - d jackson-maldonado e bates d thal san diego : singular  
decompositions of multigraphs into parts with two edges j ivanco m meszka z skupien discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2002.0 
a language for interoperability in relational mulitdatabase systems s lakshaman s subramanian  1996.0 
graph-based ranking algorithms for e-mail expertise analysis b dom i eiron a cozzi y zhang   
i 'm blogging this '' : a closer look at why people blog ba nardi dj schiano m gumbrecht l swartz   
navajo education 1948-1978 : its progress and its problems . volume iii part a navajo history . ra roesselâ ? ¦  1979.0 
kelly . a. & williamson gk ( 1960 ) j washburn phil . mag  
new hope for low-income families : effects of a program to reduce poverty and reform welfare h bos a huston r granger g duncan t brock v new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
regularization of mellin-type inverse problems with an application to oil engeneering february 2004 o hansen s fischer r ramlau   
the student learning self-study : choices and opportunities sr hatfield new directions for higher education 2001.0 
speculation in first-price auctions with resale t troger   
effects of naturally induced teacher expectancies wb seaver journal of personality and social psychology 1973.0 
magneto-spectroscopy of photo-excited states in semiconductors using far-infrared lasers y nisida k muro u kawata & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
volunteer trainer development in adult literacy : using a team-based strategy to negotiate national dt evans jm hugo new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
statlstlcal databases charactenstlcs problems and some solutions a shosham proc vldb con  
the struggle for the american curriculum ( 1893-1958 ) h kliebard   
ahinalp . comparing sequences with segment rearrangements f ergun s muthukrishnan s sc proceedings of the 23rd conference on foundations of & hellip ;  
supporting full-text information retrieval ew brown jp callan wb croft jeb moss   
active and adaptive base station antennas for mobile communication b johanisson seminar and demonstration on adaptive antennas and antenna & hellip ;  
model-driven systems development and integration environment m azmoodeh n georgalas s fisher bt technology journal 2005.0 
adaâ ?? the project : the dod high order language working group wa whitaker history of programming languages 1993.0 
definition and evaluation of access rules in data management systems eb fernandez rc summers t lang vldb  
fractals in science a bunde s havlin  1995.0 
hibric-mem a memory controller for powerpc based systems m porrmann j landmann km marks u rã 1/4 ckert   
the variation of plasma energy loss with composition in dilute aluminum-magnesium solid solutions g hibbert jw edington db williams p doig phil . mag. 1972.0 
modulation of hemolytic properties of resorcinolic lipids by divalent cations m stasiuk a kozubek cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
context-based prefetch for implementing objects on relations pa bernstein s pal d shutt vldb 1999.0 
hdeye : visual mining of highdimensional data ( demo ) a hinneburg da keim m wawryniuk  2002.0 
atre and anne-marie kermarrec . coma : an opportunity for building fault-tolerant scalable shared c morin a geaut m ban proceedings of the 23rd annual international symposium on  
more to hyaluronic acid than meets the eye j van brunt biotechnology i  
trees : a unified approach to processing queries that contain subqueries aggregates and quantifiers u dayal o nests proceedings of the 13th vldb aug  
the federal role in graduate program innovation . tj linneyâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1984.0 
oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil and g. weikum . the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database disk buffering ej oã cents proceeding of the 1993 acm sigmod  
too many it duties ? hire a second cio t hoffman computerworld  
the emergency department management of near-hanging victims l vande krol r wolfe journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
electricity deregulation : the norwegian-swedish way e amundsen l bergman & hellip ; 24th annual international conference of the international & hellip ;  
automatic photo pop-up d hoiem aa efros m hebert proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
5.0 documentation . visual c++ tutorials : autoclick : automation c visual  1997.0 
nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for primary dysmenorrhoea j marjoribanks ml proctor c farquhar cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
unsolved problems in planning as constraint satisfaction t bedrax-weiss ak jonsson ml ginsberg unpublished manuscript 1996.0 
theory of molecular fluids ( clarendon oxford 1984 ) cg gray ke gubbins vol .  
monitoring streamsâ ?? a new class of data management applications b babcock s babu r motwani m datar sigmod  
hop-count filtering : an effective defense against spoofed ddos traffic c jin h wang k shin proceedings of acm conference on computer and communications & hellip ; 2003.0 
a solution for midband aj dickie jh mackenzie bt technology journal 1998.0 
a goal driven requirements process model [ j ] t mary frances slp wavefront information and software technology  
utility of composite materials for the explosion-proof enclosure of an atomic power plant ag ivanov ag fedorenko at .  
asymptotically exact computation of differential cepstrum using fft approach d zazula electronic letters 1998.0 
spatial query processing in an object-oriented system j orenstein proc . acm sigmod/nt/conf . on the management of data may  
heuristics for social interactions : how to generate trust and fairness j rieskamp g gigerenzer submitted for publication  
a prototype implementation of archival intermemory y chen j edler a goldberg a gottlieb s sobti   
optimizing etl processes in data warehouses a simitsis p vassiliadis t sellis proc . of the 21st intâ ?? l conf . on data engineering ( icde ) 2005.0 
explaining the variance in the performance effects of privatization a cuervo b villalonga academy of management review 2000.0 
the â ?? superâ ?? project m andersson am auddino y dupont e fontana m proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
computing iceberg queries e ciently m fang n shivakumar h garcia-molina r motwani   
validity and verification aspects of information modeling ja bubenko proc . iii int . conf . on vldb  
on the efficient treatment of vertical mixing and chemistry in air pollution modelling pjf berkvens ma botchev jg verwer cd-rom procs . 16th imacs world congress  
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives : the digital sky survey a szalayâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm sigmod  
spatial database access methods b salzberg db lomet acm sigmod record 1991.0 
a typed intermediate language for supporting multiple inheritance via interfaces j chen c chen   
dynamic performance simulation of a continuously variable transmission motorcycle for fuzzy cw hong cc chen proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1997.0 
advanced program restructuring for high-performance computers with polaris w blume r doallo r eigenmann j grout j   
the cell probe complexity of dynamic data structures m fredman m saks proceedings of the twenty-first annual acm symposium on & hellip ; 1989.0 
potential benefits of internet-based project control systems-a study on monthly billings processing a barron m fischer cife stanford university stanford cife technical report  
ultrastructural localization ofl-fucose residues in nuclei of root primordia of the green peapisum h chamberland jg lafontaine the histochemical journal 1992.0 
hierarchical federations g magee g shanks   
real-time communication in cim systems using fddi p werahera a jayasumana as international conference on technical  
related tt viruses in chimpanzees m cong virology-new york - 2000.0 
coal gasification research n holt development and demonstration å ? needs and opportunities  
the incidence of wound infection following crotalid envenomation rf clark bs selden b furbee journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
data mining p adriaans d zantinge  1997.0 
2 1 stdoe/nrc nuclear air cleaning conference wak plant san diego  
causal ambiguity barriers to imitation and sustainable competitive advantage r reed rj defillippi the academy of management review 1990.0 
radiosensitivity in huntington 's disease : implications for pathogenesis and presymptomatic diagnosis an moshell jh robbins lancet i 1980.0 
thrashing : its causes and prevention pj denning proc . afips  
verifiable code generation from abstract i/o automata models ja tauber   
toxicity assessment of waters from macquarie harbour western tasmania using algae invertebrates jl stauber m ahsanullah b nowak tm florence mount lyell remediation research and demonstration program & hellip ;  
possible detection of colliding plasmoids in the tail of comet kohoutek ( 1973f ) rg roosen jc brandt study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
institutionalizing the seven principles and the faculty and institutional inventories . aw chickering new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
influence of positive affect on the subjective utility of gains and losses : it is just not worth the am isen te nygren fg ashby journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
on the optimal blocking factor for blocked non-overlapped schedules pk murthy ea lee proc . 28th asilomar conf . signals systems and  
oral sumatriptan for acute migraine dc mccrory rn gray cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
the affordances of media spaces for collaboration w gaver   
please speak up : asian immigrant students in american college classrooms bd hodne new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
from penteli to parthenon m corres  1993.0 
clc-3 deficiency leads to phenotypes similar to human neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis m yoshikawa s uchida j ezaki t rai a hayama k genes to cells 2002.0 
vitamin e for neuroleptic-induced tardive dyskinesia kv soares jj mcgrath cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?plenoptic modeling : an image-based rendering systemã cents â ? ¬ â ? l mcmillan g bishop proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 95  
alkalinisation for organophosphorus pesticide poisoning d roberts n buckley cochrane database syst . rev 2005.0 
viewpoint . anonymity on the internet : why the price may be too high d davenport communications-acm 2002.0 
completeness of many-sorted equational logic ja goguen j meseguer acm sigplan  
the bandit computer program for the reduction of matrix bandwidth for nastran . rep. 3827 naval ship gc everstine md  
gene expression data analysis eb analysis r sites   
gamma-irradiation combined with ozonization as a method of decomposition of impurities in textile j perkowski l kos environment protection engineering 1992.0 
editorial ( s ) h roberts d bell information and software technology 1999.0 
venepuncture versus heel lance for blood sampling in term neonates v shah a ohlsson cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
supporting incremental join queries on ranked inputs a natsev yc chang jr smith cs li js vitter vldb 2001.0 
cardiovascular adaptations to exercise training in the elderly aa ehsani fed proc 1987.0 
information overload and '' just-in-time '' knowledge r hanka electronic library 2000.0 
cml : a higher-order concurrent programming language j reppy proc . acm sigplan  
loadbalancinganddatalocalityinhierarchicaln-bodymethods jp singh c holt t totsuka a gupta jl hennessy technical report csl-tr-92-505 stanford university  
semantic brokering over dynamic heterogeneous data sources in infosleuth m nodine w bohrer ahh ngu   
a fast distance calculation between convex objects by optimization approach s zeghloul p rambeaud jp lallemand   
multidimensional paging for efficient data base querying th mzrrett proc . int . conf . data base management systems ( icmod 78 ) & hellip ;  
validation of two photochemical numerical systems under complex mesoscale circulations c borrego n barros ai miranda ac carvalho mj proceedings of the 23rd nato-ccms international technical & hellip ;  
inside com d rogerson microsoft programming series 1996.0 
tandem press pmc panczenko  2003.0 
erp system migrations m kremers h van dissel communications-acm 2000.0 
the essence of chaos seattle e lorenz  1993.0 
deduction of homogeneous turbulence statistics from single doppler radar observations t gal-chen conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
the effects of object flight variation and subject experience upon speed and accuracy of ball c bard  1973.0 
extension of the interpersonal adjective scales to include the big five dimensions of personality pd trapnell js wiggins journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
the aegis processor architecture for tamper-evident and tamper-resistant processingâ '' . rapport ge suh d clarke b gassend m van dijk s devadas  2003.0 
relative exophthalmometry in zygomatic fractures using an optical sensor e nkenke m benz t maier m kramer g hã $ usler j procs carsâ ?? 03  
two-way coherent tracking systems ( nonlinear theory of cascaded two-way coherent spacecraft tracking wc lindsey jh yuen & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1971.0 
a predicate matching algorithm for database rule systems '' acm sigmod int en hanson m chaabouni ch kim yw wang conf . on management of data atlantic city nj may  
dirty-paper trellis codes for watermarking ml miller gj doerr ij cox   
â ?? i prayed real hard so i know i 'll get inâ ?? : living with randomization ja lam sw hartwell jf jekel new directions for program evaluation 1994.0 
multilingual topic detection and tracking : successful research enabled by corpora and evaluation in c wayne athens greece may  
human perception of air movement g zhou technical university of denmark  
re-engineering repercussionsâ ?? â ?? j king computerworld  
fractals and disordered systems a bunde s havlin  1996.0 
habitat utilization by black bears in northern california dg kellyhouse international conference on bear research and management  
intra-query parallelism for multidimensional array data k hahn b reiner   
chin dn mammen m. & gordon dm ( 1995 ) gm whitesides ee simanek jp mathias ct seto acc . chem . res  
pm4d final report m fischer c kam  2002.0 
spectral analysis and discrimination by zero-crossings b kedem ieee proceedings 1986.0 
state of art and open issues on graphical user interfaces for object-oriented systems m tjoa ga katypel information and software technology  
theory construction as disciplined imagination ke weick the academy of management review 1989.0 
a verifier for interactive data-driven web applications a deutsch m marcus l sui v vianu d zhou proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
securing routing in open networks using secure traceroute g mathur vn padmanabhan dr simon   
integrating bbl-style control into the generic blackboard system pm johnson dd corkhill kq gallagher aaai workshop on blackboard systems seattle washington & hellip ;  
statistical zero-knowledge proofs with efficient provers : lattice problems and more d micciancio s vadhan   
pre-scheme : a scheme dialect for systems programming ra kelsey submitted for publication 1992.0 
a dependability benchmark for oltp application environments m vieira h madeira proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
applications of fuzzy algorithms for simple dynamic plant eh mamdani  1974.0 
methodological and institutional problems in organized crime control p reuter & hellip ; institute of justice symposium proceedings ( september 25â ?? & hellip ;  
anipqo : almost non-intrusive parametric query optimization for nonlinear cost functions a hulgeri s sudarshan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
bumping windows between monitors t regan m czerwinski b meyers g smith   
do progressive taxes really promote wage moderation a rdseth unpublished manuscript  
spirit : a resource database for mobile users n adly p steggles a harter proceedings of acm chiâ ?? 97 workshop on ubiquitous computing & hellip ; 1997.0 
west german dilemma : little turks or young germans j salt geography  
the efficacy and comfort of full-body vacuum splints for cervical-spine immobilization rs hamilton pt ponsâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
war and peace on the western front : a study of violent conflict and its correlates in prehistoric pm lambert  1994.0 
j. pirahesh h. and ramakrishnan r. magic is relevant is mumick s finkeistein proceedings of acm  
creep behaviour in the superplastic pb-62 sn eutectic fa mohamed tg langdon phil . mag  
kinetics of ordering transformations in metals h chen vk vasudevan  1992.0 
test needs and error rate predictions approaches for single event transients in fiber optic link pw marshall c poivey cj marshall ra reed at radecs  
self-reference and modal logic c smorynski  1985.0 
robust control design for discrete time linear uncertain systems with delayed control e gyurkovics   
efficient transparent application recovery in client-server information systems ( best paper award ) . d lomet g weikum acm press new  
distributing a search tree among a growing number of processors b kroell p widmayer sigmod conference 1994.0 
vuw departmentofcomputerscience pjl wallis information and software technology 1994.0 
the propagation of stress pulses in viscoelastic solids h kolsky phil . mag  
customer relationship management r robinson   
using video in the bnr usability lab s kennedy   
a conceptual model of groupware c ellis j wainer proceedings of the 1994 acm conference on computer supported & hellip ; 1994.0 
microsoft directx 9 programmable graphics pipeline k gray  2003.0 
trajectography of several constant altitude balloons with a non-tracking radar - methodology and r cordesses j fournet-fayard d ramond b benech conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
vizier online data catalog d monetâ ? ¦   
speech denoising and dereverberation using probabilistic models : mathematical details h attias jc platt a acero l deng technical report msr-tr-2001-02 microsoft research 2001 . http :  
art and history of washington dc florence italy : bonechi 1998 i smith r bruce   
selectivity estimation in extensible databases-a neural network approach s lakshmi s zhou proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
polarization spectroscopy in oh and flame temperature measurements ( abstract only ) r meier k nyholm m kaivola cg aminoff oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
maximum a posteriori ( map ) estimator for polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) processes h kakavand doâ ?? brien a hassibi th lee   
acquiring tense in form and meaning l wagner proceedings of the 23rd annual boston university conference & hellip ;  
a cartesian grid embedded boundary method for poissonâ ?? s equation and the heat equation in three po schwartz m barad p colella tj ligocki submitted for publication  
advances in databases and information systems : second east european symposium adbis ' 98 poznan t morzy  1998.0 
annotating speech repairs pa heeman j allen unpublished manuscript  
affect cognition and awareness : affective priming with optimal and suboptimal stimulus exposures st murphy rb zajonc journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
d. bailay ( 2002 ) â ?? the n-tier hub technologyâ ?? r sommer t gulledge acm sigmod  
economics in cyberspace : a comparison study p navarro j shoemaker unpublished manuscript 2000.0 
an intelligent usage parameter controller based on dynamic rate leaky bucket for atm networks mh yaghmaee m safavi mb menhaj computer networks  
preservation of digital data with self-validating self-instantiating knowledge-based archives r marciano r moore   
distribution of a product by several properties e shell directorate of management analysis procs . 2nd . symposium in & hellip ;  
security of human video objects by incorporating a chaos-based feedback cryptographic scheme t paraskevi n klimis k stefanos proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
parallel database systems in the 1990 's mj carey acm computing surveys  
toward an object-oriented framework for defining services in future intelligent networks sj greenspan cl mcgowan mc shekaran   
towards a framework for defining internet performance metrics v paxson proceedings of inet 1996.0 
hierarchical classification of web content s dumain h chen proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;  
an introduction to input/output automata technical memo n lynch m tuttle mit/lcs/tm -373 laboratory for computer science massachusetts  
object identity as a query language primitive sa ak891 p kanellakis proc . acm sigmod symp . on the management of data  
where are the brave new mobile multimedia applications ? s boll sr ahuja d friebel b horowitz n raman proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
cpu/power-constrained mobile devices r han cy lin jr smith b tseng v ha proceedings of the ninth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2001.0 
an extendible hash for multi-precision similarity querying of image databases s lin v oria r ng proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
dblearn : a system prototype for knowledge discovery in relational databases - group of 7 & raquo ; j han y fu y huang y cai n cercone proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
differential phase shift ar jameson & hellip ; on radar meteorology zurich switzerland amer . meteor . soc  
light therapy for managing sleep behaviour and mood disturbances in dementia d forbes dg morgan j bangma s peacock n cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
workflow management for the virtual enterprise k dittrich d tombros   
organizational and hrm strategies in korea : impact on firm performance in an emerging economy j bae jj lawler academy of management journal 2000.0 
group learning in adult education : its historical roots ad rose new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
direct observation of amorphous and crystalline regions in polymers by defocus imaging j petermann h gleiter phil . mag  
the architecture of maita : a tool for monitoring analysis j doyle i kohane w long p szolovits and interpretation . technical report massachusetts institute of  
a letter oriented minimal perfect hashing function portal.acm.org   
calcium localization in the shell-forming tissue of the freshwater snail biomphalaria glabrata : a u bielefeld k zierold kh kã ¶ rtje w becker the histochemical journal 1992.0 
self-efficacy and perceived control : cognitive mediators of pain tolerance md litt journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
bluetooth based wireless sensor networksâ ?? implementation issues and solutions s krco   
men who manage : fusions of feeling and theory in administration m dalton  1959.0 
the challenge of ta training in the 1990s jd nyquist rd abbott dh wulff new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
wishart and pseudo-wishart distributions and some applications to shape theory ii r gutierrez-jaimez submitted for publication 1998.0 
palimpsest : a data model for change oriented revision control dg durand proceedings of acm  
prediction of malignancy in solitary thyroid nodules lw kendall re condon lancet i 1969.0 
â ?? theory of barium titanate . part ii af devonshire phil . mag  
project size and software maintenance productivity : empirical evidence on economies of scale in rd banker s slaughter proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
on the quantum mechanics of helium ii o penrose phil . mag  
real-time specification inheritance anomalies and real-time filters m aksit j bosch w van der sterren l bergmans lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
dynamic rate-selection for extending the lifetime of energy-constrained networks n aboughazaleh p lanigan s gobriel d mosse r   
effect of impurities on the performance of reactor graphite ys virgilâ ?? ev at . energiya  
a process and impact evaluation of the operation resource assessment service b coates d pearson la skumatz  2000.0 
pollen : using people as a communication medium n glance d snowdon jl meunier computer networks 2001.0 
a policymakerâ ?? s guide for the use of central-local transfers : the philippine case b diokno unpublished manuscript  
hypermedia presentation and authoring system j yu y xiang www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
methyl 3 5-dinitro-trans-cinnamate cvk saarma r desira acc . chem .  
maximal termsets as a query structuring mechanism b pã ´ ssas n ziviani b ribeiro-neto w meira jr proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
surface heat budget of the arctic ocean science plan arcss/oaii report number 5 re moritz dk perovich seattle : university of washington  
surfi ng wavelets on streams a gilbert y kotidis s muthukrishnan m strauss  2001.0 
enhanced preservation of organic matter in sediments deposited within the oxygen minimum zone in the ch van der weijden gj reichart hj visser deep-sea research i 1999.0 
social education as the curriculum integrator : the case of the environment . children 's literature . rh lombardâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
a follow-up study conducted at the brief family therapy center d kiser unpublished manuscript  
efficient breadthâ ?? first manipulation of binary decision diagrams pam cheong   
performance engineering of sdl/msc systems a mitschele-thiel b mueller-clostermann computer networks 1999.0 
balancing quality of service pricing and utilisation in multiservice networks with stream and k lindberger proc . itc  
dynamic query evaluation plans g graefe k ward   
prototyping dbs3 a shared memory parallel database system b bjã ¶ rn c michel v patrick & hellip ; conference on parallel and distributed information systems & hellip ;  
mechanisms in electrostrictive polymeric materials . h wang qm zhang le cross r ting c coughlin k proc . int . symp . appl . ferroelectrics  
value functions optimization and performance evaluation in stochastic network models sp meyn submitted for publication 2003.0 
cogeneration of heat and electricity h fragopoulos e karidoyiannis g karalis athens greece : greek productivity center  
studies in bayesian confirmation theory b fitelson  2001.0 
guest editor 's introduction : assuring software quality assurance jm voas ieee software 2003.0 
review of load-flow calculation methods b stott proc . ieee  
the right concept at the right time : how concepts emerge as relevant in response to context - m mitchell dr hofstadter procs . 12th annual conf . of the cognitive science society  
biochemical mechanisms of pollutant stress rl heath see ref  
the database language gem c zaniolo proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
what are sports grounds ? or : why semantics requires interoperability . interop '99 c riedemann w kuhn  1999.0 
semirings automata languages w kuich a salomaa  1985.0 
sip and h. 323â ?? interworking voip networks a stephens pj cordell bt technology journal 2001.0 
source international conference on management of data archive a tiwary m franklin proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1998.0 
non-heart-beating donor program contributes 40 of kidneys for transplantation jhc daemen rj de wit m bronkhorst m yin e transplantation proceedings 1996.0 
on ethics and profâ ?? l responsibility formal op. 01421 ( 2001 ) . if the insured then refused to aba comm   
theorem proving via general mappings pb andrews journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1981.0 
engraftment kinetics after non myeloablative allogeneic peripheral blood stem cell transplantation : r childs e clave n contentin d jayasekera n blood-new york - 1999.0 
econometric analysis of china 's agricultural trade behaviour proceedings of the fifth symposium of ws chern s yu san diego california  
explaining the evidence : tests of the story model for juror decision making n pennington r hastie journal of personality and social psychology  
european civil/construction engineering management ( ecem/ecm ) as an example for integrated european c ahrens paris ( francia ) : procs . int . conf . sefi  
feeding ecology offish sd gerking san diego academic  
quality-driven integration of heterogeneous information sources f naumann u leser jc freytag proceedings of the 25th vldb edinburgh scotland  
citrus responses to irrigation methods dr rodney rl roth br gardner proc . int . soc . citriculture  
assessment of the role of renewable energy technologies r banerjee   
boogiepl : a typed procedural language for checking object-oriented programs r deline krm leino   
pitch determination of speech signals : a fuzzy fusion approach a saffiotti a soquet   
f. mata â ?? a language and a physical organization technique for summary tablesâ ?? proceed g ozsoyoglu m ozsoyoglu & hellip ; acm international conference on management of data-sigmod & hellip ;  
organic reactions . rc fuson ch mckeever vol .  
sources of conflict between work and family roles jh greenhaus nj beutell the academy of management review 1985.0 
asim users manual . alewife systems memo 13 d chaiken bh lim d nussbaum  1990.0 
an algorithm for the stable fixtures problem rw irving s scott  2003.0 
streaming with causality : a practical approach c pleå?ca r grigoraå ? p quã © innec g padiou proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
automatic bottleneck detection rp blake js breese   
some effects of artificial defoliation on pine and larch fc craighead i. forest  
harnessing implicit knowing to improve medical practice . nc boreham new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
optimising bandwidth of abr sources dk madhu pg harrison computer networks  
monitoring juvenile chinook salmon migration routes with acoustic tags in the forebay of rocky tw steig jh horchik ma timko inc. seattle washington  
the contribution of neuroscience to exercise studies rm enoka dg stuart fed proc 1985.0 
state university ofnm jc connolly york  
bindexing the positions of continuously moving objects ^ in proceedings of the acm international s saltenis cs jensen st leutenegger ma lopez  2000.0 
preparing advanced coal-based power systems for the 21st century at the power systems development jr longanbach proceedings of the 23rd international technical conference & hellip ;  
nuclear power and the biosphere rm aleksakhin  1983.0 
acta : a framework for specifying and reasoning about transaction structure and behavior pk chrysathis k ramamritham proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
computational problems related to the design of normal form relational schernas c beeri pa bernstein acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
falls in the elderly : a multifactorial problem s letvak journal of emergency nursing 2000.0 
the modes of action of spinosad and other insect control products vl salgado down to earth  
nonlinear phenomena in materials science m agop n rezlescu g kalogirou graphic arts athens greece  
tg 1984 : longwave parameterization for the ucla/glas gcm . nasa tech . mem . 86072 goddard space c harshvardhan   
the administration and governance of interdisciplinary programs . ba casey new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
exercise in modelling d andrews information and software technology 1996.0 
interpersonal learning and interpersonal conflict reduction in decision-making groups rl cook kr hammond see guzzo  
coupled peeling-ballooning modes : a model for elms and the temperature pedestal ? hr wilsonâ ? ¦   
searching a fixed graph e koutsoupias ch papadimitriou m yannakakis proceedings of the 23rd international colloquium on automata & hellip ; 1996.0 
power efficient data gathering and aggregation in wireless sensor networks h tan i korpeoglu sigmod record 2003.0 
garbage collection in a very large address space : technical report tr-178 pb bishop mit laboratory for computer  
editions frontieres 1997 r gispert fr bouchet   
heteroscedastic one-way anova and lack-of-t test mg akritas n papadatos  2001.0 
concluding notes : a direction for learning . a sgroi la cavaliere new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
and ta todd . 1996 jd law kn brewer rs herb demonstration of an optimized tru . flowsheet for  
specification of stored data structures and desired output results in diam ii with foral . me senko vldb  
methods for isolating the tentacular nematocysts of the lion 's mane jellyfish cyanea capillata . wr kem c ostman unep athens ( greece ) . 1991. 1991.0 
history and future challenges and opportunities in conservation tillage for a sustainable rn gallaher   
polling emotional attitudes in relation to political choices m maccoby  1969.0 
on the application of interference methods to astronomical methods aa michelson phil . mag  
a two-dimensional interpolation function for irregularly-spaced data d shepard proceedings of the 1968 23rd acm national conference 1968.0 
design of approximately linear-phase allpass based qmf banks ck lu m anderson   
on the optimality of conditional expectation as a bregman predictor a banerjee x guo h wang submitted for publication 2003.0 
a abraham ( 2003 ) . agent systems today ; methodological considerations m paprzycki proceedings of 2003 international conference on management  
operator scheduling in a data stream manager d carney u cetintemel a rasin s zdonik m vldb 2003.0 
mapinfo spatialwareâ ® a spatial information server for rdbms m chebel proceedings of the 24 thvldb conference new york usa  
pentium/200 buyersâ ?? guide c venezia c metzâ ? ¦ pc magazine december  
how do places matter ? a comparative study of chinese ethnic economies in los angeles and new york y zhou urban geography 1998.0 
characterizing and modeling the cost of rework in a library of reusable software components vr basili se condon k el emam rb hendrick w proc int conf software eng 1997.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations ; m markham gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
â ?? user access in portable radio systems in the noise limited environment rc bernhardt ieee icc â ?? 87 seattle  
hollow sections survival storyâ ? p jenkins r didsbury j burford bhp new zealand steel workplace new zealand demonstration & hellip ;  
thinking objectively : oo distributed programming is not distributed oo programming r guerraoui me fayad communications-acm 1999.0 
reexamining the economies of scale and the viability of small colleges . n dickmeyer new directions for higher education 1982.0 
bottomless package doubles soics current-handling ability a bindra electronic  
î ² - peptides : nature improved ? c & en 1997 16 june 32â ?? 35 . gellman sh foldamers : a manisfesto s borman acc . chem . res  
documentation of the data sources and analytical methods used in the benefit-cost analysis of the d long v knox  1985.0 
dewitt . shoring up persistent applications mj carey proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l conference on management of  
pre-analyzed resource and time provisioning in distributed real-time systems : an application to h li j sweeney k ramamritham r grupen   
isolation of gps multipath and receiver tracking errorsâ '' in proceedings of ion national technical m braasch san diego january  
programming applications for microsoft windows j richter   
planting the seeds : personal observations bd waxman acm press history series 1990.0 
distributed component object model protocol -- dcom/1 .0 ( 1996 ) n brown   
the wireless web s nash pc magazine online  
family intervention for schizophrenia fm pharoah jj mari d streiner cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
hospitalisation and bed rest for multiple pregnancy ca crowther cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
hardware prefetching for pointer data references ch chi cm cheung procs . of the ics98 melbourne australia  
yima : a second-generation continuous media server c shahabi r zimmermann k fu syd yao   
percolation and ferromagnetism on z 2 : the q-state potts cases stoch l chayes proc . appl  
end of transition period p administration   
tenosynovitis of the wrist gaw gooding a sonographic demonstration . j ultrasound  
a mini-computer network for support of real time research wj lennon proc . acm annual conf  
recent advances in wireless networking u varshney   
the solution of some 100-city travelling salesman problems a land unpublished manuscript  
professor department of applied mathematics and statistics the johns hopkins university baltimore ce priebe   
on optimizing an sql-like nested query w kim acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
application of ultrashort laser pulses for refractive surgery of the eye h lubatschowski a heisterkamp w drommer o laseropto-stuttgart - 2001.0 
difference posets and orthoalgebras m navara   
computability k weihrauch  1987.0 
stride scheduling : deterministic proportionalshare resource management . technical memorandum ca waldspurger we weihl mit/lcs/tm { 528 laboratory for computer science massachusetts  
continuous queries over data streams s balu j widom   
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us k woollard bt technology journal 1998.0 
accreditation in countries with rapid changes in engineering education e chojnacka b macukow proc . int . conference  
the development of numerical methods for nonsmooth optimization in the ussr nz shor history of mathematical programming : a collection of & hellip ;  
extreme programming in practice . 2001 : addison-wesley j newkirk rc martin   
supporting periodic authorizations and temporal reasoning in database access control e bertino c bettini e ferrari p samarati proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
controlled spawning of southern flounder paralichthys lethostigma : issues and progress tij smith mr denson   
tracing the lineage of view data in a warehousing environment y cui j widom jl wiener acm transactions on database systems 2000.0 
phylogenetic inference program ( phylip ) manual ver . 3.5 j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
using children 's diaries to teach the oregon trial . middle level learning . rm wymanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
knowledge based information integration systems nw paton ca goble s bechhofer information & software technology 2000.0 
inventing new media : what we can learn from new media art and media history l manovich   
aluminium toxicity syndrome hl elliott gs fell lancet i 1978.0 
optimization for physical independence in information integration components a deutsch l popa v tannen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
efficient algorithms for discovering association rules h mannila h toivonen   
apj hg arce aa goodman  2001.0 
the preparation of professional evaluators : issues perspectives and programs . wr shadishâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation 1994.0 
meta-data version and configuration management in multi-vendor environments jr friedrich proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
laser contour cutting of transformer sheet segments l morgenthal e pfeiffer e beyer laseropto-stuttgart - 1999.0 
from epidemics to distributed computing pt eugster r guerraoui am kermarrec l massoulie   
a simplified derivation of linear least square smoothing and prediction theory hw bode ce shannon proc . ire  
sj gibbs . concurrency control in groupware systems ca ellis proc . of the acm sigmod  
on the relative placement and the transportation problem for standard-cell layout km just jm kleinhans fm johannes proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
koda - the architecture and interface of a data model independent kernel g arun a joshi proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
sasse : the collaborative editor r baecker g glass a mitchell i posner proc . acm 1994.0 
business models for electronic markets p timmers   
impact of transformational leadership on follower development and performance : a field experiment t dvir d eden bj avolio b shamir   
observations reflections and speculations : what we have learned about the scholarship of teaching c kreber new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
fast ridgelet transforms in dimension 2 dl donoho  1997.0 
policy and procedures for domestic violence patients in canadian emergency departments : a national d hotch a grunfeld k mackay l ritch journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
the siren music/sound package for squeak smalltalk st pope   
subscales for scales 5 and 0 of the mmpl k serkownek unpublished manuscript  
improvement of a global ionospheric model to provide ionospheric range error corrections for single - a komjathy r langley md 1996.0 
simula session k nygaard oj dahl history of programming languages . acm  
widomj ( 2003 ) adaptivefiltersforcontinuous queries over distributed data streams jj olstonc proceedings of acm sigmod  
achieving a balance between mineral resources and reserves for biodiversity in the rangelands of t smurthwaite f batini g mai proceedings of the 25 thannual environmental workshop  
research issues in spatial databases o gihtther a buchmstnn sigmod record  
mhc-dependent mate preferences in humans c wedekind t seebeck f bettens aj paepke proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
an analysis of object storage architecture [ j ] k sakar ieee computer  
energy-efficient indexing for wireless broadcast data yd chung mh kim   
o : a functional execution model for object query languages g gardarin f machuca p pucheral proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference  
jocaml : a language for concurrent distributed and mobile programming c fournet f le fessant l maranget a schmitt lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
speech recognition by hierarchical segment classification h behme wd brandt hw strube proc . icann  
silent partner : the power behind the throne ph owenby new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
die geschichte des netzes : ein historischer abriã ? j musch see batinic 2000.0 
eutrapetia : a forgotten virtue . h rahner man at  
determination of a color index for citrus degreening m jimenez-cuesta j cuquerella jm martãnez - proc . int . soc . citriculture  
the handbook of infrared and raman characteristic frequencies of organic molecules d lin-vienâ ? ¦ new  
handbook of optical constants of solids academic ed palik new york  
systematic construction of programs for distributed memory systems m raji-werth p feautrier procs of the int . workshop on compiler for parallel & hellip ;  
controllability of second-order semilinear infinite-dimensional dynamical systems j klamka applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
sleepers and workaholics : caching strategies in mobile environments d barbarã ¡ t imielinski proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data 1994.0 
testing flow graph reducibility r tarjan proceedings of the fifth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ; 1973.0 
geominer : a system prototype for spatial mining k koperski j han proceedings acm-sigmod arizona  
studies on the immunohistochemical localization of s-100 and glial fibrillary acidic proteins in the h yamaguchi no to shinkei 1980.0 
iso working draft sql multimedia and application packages ( sql/mm ) - parts 1â ± 8 m ashworth documents x3h2-96-295 to  
the dynamics of language r kempson r cann l marten unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
interdisciplinary research : the ncur-lancy awards df lancy new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
educational brokerage using standardized metadata and software interfaces l anido j rodrãguez m fernã ¡ ndez m caeiro j procs . of the uicee 2001 conference ( 2001 )  
delay reduction using simulated annealing jd pincus am despain proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
xeve : an esterel verification environment a bouali lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
on the path to an ideal roc curve : considering cost asymmetry in learning classifiers fr bach d heckerman e horvitz   
past and future trends for portable tools interfaces . ne peeling dp youll information and software technology 1989.0 
on the radiation of light from the boundaries of diffracting apertures s banerji phil . mag  
statistical methods for environmental pollution monitoring ro gilbert   
using tool abstraction to compose systems d garlan ge kaiser d notkin   
evaluating synchronization on shared address space multiprocessors : methodology and performance s kumar d jiang r chandra jp singh proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ; 1999.0 
a recovery model for defensive information warfare b panda s patnaik & hellip ; of the 9th international conference on management of  
time weight collaborative filtering y ding x li proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
ethics commissions and ethics councils in international comparison m fuchs indo-german workshop on bioethics bombay india march  
estimation of organotin compound partition into phosphatidylcholine bilayers with a ph sensitive m langner h kleszczynska cellular and molecular biology letters 1997.0 
strong components d knuth technical report 004639 computer science department stanford  
linear road : a benchmark for stream data management systems a arasu m cherniack e galvez d maier a maskey vldb  
thermal plasmas : fundamentals and applications ( plenum new york 1994 ) mi boulos p fauchais e pfender vol .  
simulation-based design of a pointer for accurate determination of anatomical landmarks a erdemir sj piazza   
real-time asl recognition from video using hmmâ ?? s t starner a pentland technical report 375 media lab massachusetts inst . of  
do financial incentives encourage welfare recipients to work ? : initial 18-month findings from the de card pk robins  1996.0 
indoor vehicle navigation by means of signs g adorni g destri m mordonini   
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large data databases s guha r rastogi k shim proc . of the acm sigmod  
an information theoretic analysis of maximum likelihood mixture estimation for exponential families a banerjee i dhillon j ghosh s merugu proc . 21st int . conf . machine learning 2004.0 
stressful life events and use of physician services among the elderly : the moderating role of pet jm siegel journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
position calibration of audio sensors and actuators in a distributed computing platform v raykar i kozintsev r lienhart   
pursuing a remedy in rc picker   
phylip version 3.5 c j delsenstein university of washington seattle washington  
greenstone : a comprehensive open-source digital library software system ih witten   
prophylactic platelet transfusion for haemorrhage after chemotherapy and stem cell transplantation sj stanworth c hyde n heddle p rebulla s cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
balanced allocations : the heavily loaded case p berenbrink a czumaj a steger b vocking   
school violence and teachersâ ?? perception of the zero tolerance policy dr konter  2002.0 
t. r uhl and f. kwakkel . the drill down benchmark pa boncz procedings of the international conference on very large  
a model of conglomeratic beaches in tectonically active areas ( late pleistocene-actual almeria cj dabrio jl goy c zazo proceedings 6th ias european congress . inst . dâ ?? estudis & hellip ;  
qcd : renormalization for the practitioner p pascual r tarrach  1984.0 
audiologists desk reference volumen i singular publising group inc j hall hg mueller san diego london  
on waves l rayleigh phil . mag  
curves with finite turn j duda   
in peptides 1994 cw lee q zhu h shao shh wang g osapay m proceedings of the 23rd european peptide  
nontapering versus tapering prednisone in acute exacerbations of asthma : a pilot trial pr verbeek wh geerts journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
urinary retention resulting from incarceration of a retroverted gravid uterus jn love jm howell journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
san francisco works : toward an employer-led approach to welfare reform and workforce development . s bliss  2000.0 
extracting all the randomness and reducing the error in trevisan 's extractors r raz o reingold s vadhan   
creating your reflection map j eyler new directions for higher education 2001.0 
cache-conscious frequent pattern mining on a modern processor a ghoting g buehrer s parthasarathy d kim a proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
theory of shuffling j reeds unpublished manuscript  
combinatorial enumeration of groups graphs and chemical compounds g polya rc read  1987.0 
organizational identity image and adaptive instability da gioia m schultz kg corley academy of management review 2000.0 
sediments with gas hydrates : internal structure from seismic avo : geophysics c ecker j dvorkin a nur submitted for publication  
enhancing integration through the formalisation of collaboration between hospitals and divisions of b wilson r popplewell national demonstration hospitals program phase  
stormwater treatment : biological chemical and engineering principles gr minton  2002.0 
n. h. and raschid l. ( 1997a ) . the distributed information search component ( disco ) and the world a tomasic r amouroux p bonnet o kapitskaia sigmod  
determination of edge density profiles in jet using a 50 k vl ithium beam m brix a korotkov m lehnen p morgan k   
dynamic exercise therapy for rheumatoid arthritis ch van den ende tp vliet vlieland m munneke jm cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a survey on job coachesâ ?? perceptions and attitudes to facilitate coworker natural supports for jh kim  2001.0 
foreword ee garcia   
performance of a software mpeg video decoder la rowe k patel bc smith   
learning collection fusion strategies em voorhees nk gupta b johnson-laird proceedings of the 18th annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 1995.0 
light-shade adaptation : two strategies in marine phytoplankton . p1 . physiol. baltimore pg falkowski tg owens md  
a coverage-preserving node scheduling scheme for large wireless sensor networks nd georganas proceedings of the 1st acm international workshop on & hellip ; 2002.0 
linking organization and mobilization : michels 's iron law of oligarchy reconsidered d rucht mobilization-san diego - 1999.0 
structural change : farm and financial dimensions . dh harrington sr koenig presentation at  
high-performance i/o for massively parallel computers : problems and prospects jm rosario an choudhary ieee computer  
herbal medicine in the emergency department : a primer for toxicities and treatment tm moss journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
database cost analysis : a topdown approach th merrett proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 1977.0 
pico : automatically designing custom computers v kathail s aditya   
like father like son ; like mother like daughter : parental resources and child height d thomas the journal of human resources 1994.0 
oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of rotavirus infection in low birth weight infants p mohan k haque cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
development and learning : themes and conclusions rs caffarella mc clark new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
what ever happened to the pc revolution ? j kirkley computerworld  
the wealth ofnations a smith new york  
baton : a balanced tree structure for peer-to-peer networks hv jagadish bc ooi qh vu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
nonreciprocal acousto-optic interactions and their application to feedback isolation in the infrared vj corcoran & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
network externalities and the provision of composite it goods supporting the e-commerce jm gallaugher electronic markets 1999.0 
intelligent systems in patient monitoring and therapy management : a survey of research projects . s uckun technical report ksl-93-32 stanford  
alternative tests of agency theories of callable corporate bonds l crabbe   
a patterns language for requirements analysis da rawsthorne   
distributed logging for transaction processing ds daniels az spector ds thompson acm sigmod record 1987.0 
activity-based costing : a cost management tool . fj turk new directions for higher education 1993.0 
sumd ds mok . 1989 . '' predictin8 the performance of a computer system with complex priority queues ' st becket proceedings of the international conference on management  
entertainment : social gaming . the future of technology ca mangis pc magazine . july  
treating sickle cell pain : an update from the georgia comprehensive sickle cell center a platt jr eckman j beasley g miller journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
effects of urban spatial structure on individual behavior fe horton dr reynolds economic geography 1971.0 
a note on the strategy of multiway join query optimization problems kl tan h lu proceedings of sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
internal camera calibration using rotative and geometric shapes gp stela  1993.0 
isolated lung perfusion with gemcitabine prolongs survival in a rat model of metastatic pulmonary bp van putte jmh hendriks pb vermeulen s romijn submitted for  
early and late systemic hypotens ion as a frequent and fundamental source of cerebral ischemia rm chesnut sb marshall j piek ba blunt acta neurochirurgica supplementum-wien - 1993.0 
huge enterprise apps pose management risk r weston computerworld  
additional statistics on the dimensions of the chesapeake bay and tributaries : crosssection widths wb cronin dw pritchard md  
implementation aspects of an object-oriented dbms a dogac m altinel c ozkan i durusoy sigmod record 1995.0 
application of the hazard analysis critical control point ( haccp ) system in the food industry c tzia a tsiapouris papasotiriou athens ( greece )  
from protest to participation ? environmental groups and the management of marine fisheries hk hernes kh mikalsen   
maintenance of spatial semijoin queries on moving points g iwerks h samet k smith proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
mediatorsin the architectureof future information systems g wiederhold ieee computer  
a fast way to define system requirements g rush computerworld  
the relation between perception and behavior or how to win a game of trivial pursuit a dijksterhuis a van knippenberg journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
bilateral hypoglossal nerve palsies following head injury rj brennan jp shirley js compton journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
fault-tolerant broadcast in can j runo p verssimo p arroz c almeida l proc . 28th int . symposium on faut-tolerant computing ( ftcs & hellip ;  
tube : interactive model-integrated object-oriented programming a rauschmayer p renner submitted for publication 2004.0 
introducing the personal software process : three industry case studies p ferguson ws humphrey s khajenoori s macke a ieee computer  
techniques for pelvic surgery in subfertility a watson p vandekerckhove r lilford cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
panoramic image mosaics [ c ] hy shum r szeliski technical report mst-tr-97-23 microsoft research  
isolation of a new human t-lymphotropic retrovirus ( lav ) from a married couple of zairians one with a ellrodt f barrã © - sinoussi p le bras mt lancet i  
aria : an adaptive and programmable media-flow architecture for interactive arts l peng ks candan kd ryu ks chatha h sundaram proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the planning-budgeting process : planning as the basis for resource decisions . ns bucklew dj smith new directions for higher education 1986.0 
expressive power and data complexity of nonrecursive query languages for lists and trees ( extended e dantsin a voronkov proceedings of the nineteenth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ; 2000.0 
academic press j cavanagh wj fairbrother ag palmer nj skelton inc. san diego  
machine learning for the improvement of scheduling algorithms mj realff g stephanopoulos lispe technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
the significance of the pair-bond in the kittiwake jc coulson proc int ornithol congr  
efficient incremental evaluation of aggregate values in attribute grammars r hoover t teitelbaum   
demonstration eines selbstlerntrainings fã 1/4 r computer-experten zur verbesserung der experten-laien - c winter t block r bromme r jucks r rambow software-demonstration auf dem  
the paleobiological implications of herbivorous dinosaur coprolites : ichnologic petrographic and k chin  1996.0 
fast subsequence matching in time-series datebase . sigmod c faloutsos m ranganthan y manolopoulos proc . of annual conference minneapolis  
systems analysis and design methods irwin mcgraw-hill 4th edition 1998 jl whitten ld bentley   
cooperative pluralism : moving from '' me '' to '' we . '' . m nakagawa vo pang social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
dominance and heterosexual attraction ek sadalla dt kenrick b vershure journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
mean-field approaches . experimentally both membrane dl chapman phil . mag  
wiley : new york 1985 nm bikales cg overberger g menges vol .  
automatic meter extraction from midi files . b meudic proceedings of the journã © es dâ ?? informatique musicale . & hellip ;  
estimating true distances between genomes ls wang t warnow proc . 33rd acm symp . theory comput  
c and peterson wk 1972 at cb opal e beaty at . data  
microsoft visual c# . net step by step j sharp j jagger  2002.0 
advanced macroeconomics d romer   
software for interactive on-line conferences - group of 2 & raquo ; sk sarin i greif acm sigois bulletin 1984.0 
the faculty role in administrator evaluation . ch farmer new directions for higher education 1978.0 
approximate similarity in metric data by using region proximity â ?? first delos network of excellence g amato f rabitti p savino p zezula & hellip ; and querying in digital libraries zurich switzerland  
certificate chain discovery in spki/sdsi ( work in progress ) rl rivest d clarkeâ ? ¦  1999.0 
a hybrid model for specifying features and detecting interactions s siddiqi jm atlee computer networks 2000.0 
tutorial : computer system monitors gj nutt   
â ?? on physical lines of force . part iii . the theory of molecular vortices applied to statical jc maxwell phil . mag  
predictive and adaptive reservation for handoffs in qos-sensitive cellular networks s choi kg shin proceedings of acm  
special section on sensor network technology & sensor data management ( part ii ) v kumar acm sigmod record 2004.0 
penetration of proton beams through water . i. depth-dose distribution spectra and let distribution : mj berger md  
and macro international inc. zimbabwe demographic and health survey 1994 . central statistical cs office md  
acetic acid for analgesic screening r koster m anderson ej de beer fed . proc  
one-pass wavelet synopses for maximum-error metrics p karras n mamoulis proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
josã © 79â ?? 89 mexican identity l portillo   
software reuse : a key to the maintenance problem hd rombach information and software technology 1991.0 
moral hazard and insurance contracts ra winter contributions to insurance economics  
safe query languages for constraint databases pz revesz acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 
outward rotations : a tool for rounding solutions of semidefinite programming relaxations with u zwick   
huron college : an intergenerational program . wf price jd bromert new directions for higher education 1980.0 
the process of academic governance and the painful choices of the 1980 s. kp mortimer ac caruso new directions for higher education 1984.0 
compiling complex transition database triggers d cohen proceedings of acm sigmod  
technical report 26 d mccaughran s hoag iphc seattle washington  
the many facets of transformative learning theory and practice.â ? in transformative learning in v grabov new directions for adult and continuing education  
computer hardware description languages-a tutorial g sajjan proceedings of the ieee 1979.0 
the evolution of the web and implications for an incremental crawler . september 2000 j cho h garcia-molina 26th intl. conf . on very large  
the finnish delphi study : forecasting the extent of information technology use in libraries in 1996 s koskiala a huhtanen electronic library 1989.0 
immunocytochemical analysis of sperm creatine phosphokinase as a meansure of sperm development and g huszar l vigue  1989.0 
creams for preventing stretch marks in pregnancy g young d jewell cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
system dynamics : a unified approach d karnopp   
windspeed on mountains ew wahl  1966.0 
taxation and social insurance b dahlby taxation to  
equi-depth histograms for estimating selectivity factors for multi-dimensional queries mmdj dewitt proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
fusarium-suppressive soils ta toussoun see ref  
elimination of spectral interferences using zeeman effect background correction fj fernandez r giddings at spectrosc  
who has the role of building in incentives ? . jm bevan new directions for higher education 1985.0 
scalable media streaming to interactive users m rocha m maia ã ? cunha j almeida s campos proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
space efficient mining of multigraph streams g cormode s muthukrishnan   
distributed localization in wireless sensor networks : a quantitative comparison k langendoen n reijers computer networks 2003.0 
reconceptualizing mentoring at work : a developmental network perspective mc higgins ke kram academy of management review 2001.0 
the role of family physcians in increasing annual fecal occult blood test screening coverage : a s vinker s nakar e rosenberg e kitai   
structural change and spurious volatility persistence k maekawa s lee y tokutsu submitted for publication 2003.0 
nonlinear black-box identification of distillation column models-design variable selection for model wm ling de rivera applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
production rules for incremental view maintenance s ceri j widom proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
modelling the semantics of multitasking facilities in concurrent c using petri nets a boujarwah n al-seif k saleh information and software technology 1996.0 
yet another approach for secure broadcasting based upon single key concept . a federgruen d spreen jk jan cd yu proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ; 1991.0 
real science in the introductory course . ap mcneal new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
an annotation scheme for free word order languages w skut b krenn t brants h uszkoreit proceedings of anlp 1997.0 
an ontological analysis of the relationship construct in conceptual modeling y wand vc storey r weber acm transactions on database systems 1999.0 
spring enhancement in the seco creek water quality demonstration project pn wright annual project rep. . seco creek water quality demonstration & hellip ;  
an object-oriented deductive language with methods and method inheritance y lou zm ozsoyoglu proceedings of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of  
semantic-model support for geographic information systems s ram j park   
changes in agricultural tillage practices in mississippi from 1997 to 2002 jr johnson h bloodworth k mcgregor   
reasoning about spatial relationships in picture retrieval systems ap sistla ct yu r haddad vldb 1994.0 
stereo scene coding using slm active illuminant jp mcdonald rj fryer jp siebert proc . 26th int . symp . on automotive technology and & hellip ;  
polar t rectopolar t a averbuch rr coifman dl donoho m israeli j and applications . technical report stanford university  
craze yielding and stressâ ?? strain characteristics of crazes in polystyrene j hoare d hull phil . mag  
managing customer services : human resource practices quit rates and sales growth r batt academy of management journal 2002.0 
the utility-directed presentation of graphical simulation j mclaughlin technical report tr-87-59 stanford university december  
d berger p. sinha s. krishnamurthy m. faloutsos and sk tripathi â ?? alleviating mac layer self - z ye proc . of acm mobicom 2003 poster  
elements of statistical computing ( 1988 ) ra thisted   
parallelization amplification and exponential time simulation of quantum interactive proof systems a kitaev j watrous   
affine a-resolvable incomplete block designs ss shrikhande d raghavarao contributions to  
an applied-calculus for iteration templates h simmons   
optimizing disjunctive queries with expensive predicates a kernper g moerkotte k peithnert m steinbrunn   
irs-ii : a framework and infrastructure for semantic web services e motta j domingue l cabral m gaspari lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
architectural accessibility : matching places to people . rw anderson m coons new directions for higher education 1979.0 
an optimized backout mechanism for sequential updates j arditi very large data bases 1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ; 1979.0 
osha releases final rules for workplace ergonomics p thibodeau computerworld  
age and the recognition of facial expressions of emotion j green p ekman unpublished manuscript  
. and sheila tejada . ariadne : a system for constructing mediators for internet sources ( system jl ambite n ashish g barish proc . of a cm sigmod conf . on management of  
a raster approximation for processing of polyline joins g zimbrã # o jm de souza rs monteiro lg azevedo   
or . 25 ( p5 . 039 ) yq liuâ ? ¦ proc . 28th eps conf . on controlled fusion and plasma physics & hellip ;  
culture gender and self : a perspective from individualism-collectivism research y kashima s yamaguchi u kim sc choiâ ? ¦ journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
the emergence of words t regier b corrigan r cabasaan a woodward m   
construction demolition & land clearing market assessment : gypsum wallboard ( # cld-95-1 ) cw center seattle washington : june  
stressful life events personality and health : an inquiry into hardiness sc kobasa  1979.0 
transcriptional and posttranscriptional regulation of the interleukin-4 and interleukin-3 genes in wha dokter mt esselink sj sierdsema mr halie   
processor-and memory-based checkpoint and rollback recovery ns brown dk pradhan ieee computer  
integral gps-galileo ambiguity resolution c tiberius t pany b eissfeller k de jong p enc-gnss 2002 proceedings 2002.0 
the complexity of logic-based abduction t eiter g gottlob lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
the care of psychiatric patients in the emergency department jl curry journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
strategy through the option lens : an integrated view of resource investments and the incremental - eh bowman d hurry the academy of management review 1993.0 
data-drivien understanding and refinement of schema mappings l yan rj miller l haas r fagin submitted for publication  
the scsh manual . november 1995 scsh release 0.4 o shivers mit laboratory for computer science . ( also available at url http :  
aspects of the absurd in gunter grass wg cunliffe wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
beyond incremental change ds goldin sl venneri ak noor ieee computer 1998.0 
surgical management of colorectal cancer i kanellos e zacharakis h demetriades d betsis medimond int proc  
information required for integrated coastal zone management jp doody cf pamplin c gilbert l bridge & hellip ; f. european union demonstration programme on integrated & hellip ;  
algorithms for translating view updates to database updates for views involving selections am keller proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
impact of the odra river nutrient load reductions on the trophic state of the szczecin lagoon : a m wielgat g schernewski   
sigsoftâ ?? 96 international workshop on multiple perspectives in software development ( viewpointsâ ?? a finkelstein g spanoudakis  1996.0 
manual for the profile of mood states . educational and industrial testing service dm mcnair m lorr lf doppelman  1971.0 
converting relational database into xml document j fong f pang c bloor   
private correspondence : the performance properties of modern disk drives j palmer ibm almaden research center  
an introduction to radiation chemistry jwt spinks rj woods  1976.0 
v3 . 0 for windows v basic  1995.0 
doppler radar and electrical activity observations of a mountain thunderstorm r lhermitte e williams conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
public key distribution in matrix rings r odoni v varadharajan r sanders electronic letters  
managing financial time series data : object-relational and object database systems l molesky m caruso tutorial vldb  
application of benzimidazole fungicides for citrus decay control ge brown proc . int . soc . citric  
data mining : concepts and techniques j han m kamber sigmod record 2002.0 
software configuration management in an object oriented database m jordan ml van de vanter   
call access publishers network at 1-800-345-0096 t orders bookmasters  
learning to survive a birk   
a tool for content based navigation of music s blackburn   
if we were in charge . pull-out feature ii . p magnuson social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
high resolution nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy [ russian translation ] jw emsley j feeney lh sutcliffe vol . i ''  
overseas pleasure travel motivations of older alumnae of a japanese womenâ ?? s university s takaya  2002.0 
ptool : a scalable persistent object manager rl grossman x qin proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
tuning of the porin expression under anaerobic growth conditions by his-to-asp cross-phosphorelay m matsubara s kitaoka s takeda t mizuno genes to cells 2000.0 
realistic scheduling : compaction for pipelined architectures a nicolau   
optimality theory of databases d kung c papadimitriou proceedings of acm-sigmod 1981 international conference on & hellip ;  
foreword j remane   
testing a model for the genetic structure of personality : a comparison of the personality systems of ac heath journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
author index with titles gg barnafoldi g papp p levai g fai ls barnby j. phys . g : nucl . part . phys 2004.0 
me ethylene in plant biology . fb abeles pw morgan j saltveit san diego : academic  
programming and control of kinematically redundant manipulators j baillieul jm hollerbach rw brockett proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference on decision and & hellip ;  
ontologies : a silver bullet for knowledge management and electronic commerce b contents sigmod record 2002.0 
mechanism design for intellectual property rights protection ps giridharan a srinivasan   
the râ ?? - tree : an efficient androbust access methodfor points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm sigmod  
the major pathways of protein translocation across membranes k ito genes to cells 1996.0 
ogneupory lb khoroshavin va perepelitsyn ti boriskova no . i  
entwicklung und realisierung eines analytischen regelkonzeptes fã 1/4 r eine aktive federung rh streiter diss. technical university berlin  
example-based machine translation on a massively parallel processor n takahashiâ ? ¦ procs . of ijcai  
what practices are being adopted on the web ? v turau ieee computer 1998.0 
integrated product development mm andersen l hein   
ingaasp/inp based photonic integrated circuits for optical switching ga fish  1999.0 
effective memory use in a media server ( extended version ) e chang h garcia-molina  1996.0 
the scientific data that led to the discovery of the mineral wealth of siberia and mongolia : dn ivanov ma romanova athens greece  
an improved resolution procedure for paraconsistent logics lj henschen jj lu vs subrahmanian  1989.0 
waiting for the wireless revolution b nadel pc magazine may  
application of matrix methods to the solution of travelling-wave phenomena in polyphase systems lm wedepohl proc . iee  
theoretical and practical tools for data base design jl hainaut vldb 1981.0 
hate crimes d altschiller santa barbara california ua  
â ?? icp-oes determination of ta nb fe ti sn mn and w in indian tantalite-niobate ore g anil m ramanaji mrp reddy a kumar tl prakash at . spectrosc  
microsoftâ ?? s palladium : a new security initiative m hachman s rupley pc  
on the expression complexity of the modal-calculus model checking s dziembowski m jurdzinski d niwinski  1996.0 
hilo mark 2 hardware description language pl flake pr moorby g musgrave proc . acm/ieee  
metu object-oriented database system a dogacâ ? ¦ demo description in the proc . acm sigmod intl. conf . on & hellip ;  
advances in attribute grammar driven hardware compilation g economakos i panagopoulos g papakonstantinou information and software  
molecule-oriented programming in java ja bergstra information & software technology 2002.0 
virtual teams : a review of current literature and directions for future research a powell g piccoli b ives data base for advances in information systems 2004.0 
bounded-diameter spanning tree and related problems j ho dt lee ch chang ck wong proc . acm symp . on computational geometry  
deeply embedded xml communicationâ ?? towards an interoperable and seamless world j helander proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
ijade web-miner : an intelligent agent framework for internet shopping rst lee jnk liu knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
the text encoding initiative guidelines and their application to building digital libraries ( n ide j klavans proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
secretary treasurer 's reports jj joyce acm sigmod record 1977.0 
a conservative extension of synchronous data-flow with state machines jl colaã § o b pagano m pouzet proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
integers without large prime factors in arithmetic progressions a granville   
the semantics-pragmatics of grammaticalization revisited ec traugott e kã ¶ nig approaches to grammaticalization  
ã?induced bond cleavage reactions in some sulfonium salts derivativesâº : fd saeva in advances in ipe transfer c ) er gaillard dg whitten acc . chem . res . 1996 29  
coloured petri nets : a high level language for system design and analysis . advances in petri nets k jensen lecture notes in computer science  
parallel composite texture synthesis a zalesny v ferrari g caenen l van gool   
phosphorylation of ser-3 of cofilin regulates its essential function on actin k moriyama k iida i yahara genes to cells 1996.0 
profile of a typical dper : plagued by image problems . m rosenberg computerworld  
application of sparse matrix techniques to search retrieval classification and relationship r ashany vldb 1978.0 
crawling the hidden web . h garcia-molina s raghavan 27th international conference on very large data bases  
factorization of polynomials over finite elds and factorization of primes in algebraic number elds mda huang proc . 16th acm  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?hierarchical packet fair queueing algorithms ã cents â ? ¬ â ? jcr bennett h zhang proc . of acm sigcomm  
some properties of jacksonâ ?? s third q-bessel function meh ismail to  
on the definition of distance in general relativity '' imh etherington phil . mag  
simulation of behavior of composite grid reinforced concrete beams using explicit finite element fa tavã ¡ rez  2001.0 
corticosteroid therapy for nephrotic syndrome in children em hodson jf knight ns willis jc craig cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
handling consultant feedback . j lindquist new directions for higher education 1991.0 
which way cobol . k meyer computerworld. 1984.0 
system impacts on program costs and integrity c logan j kirlin p elwood m menne m walker the evaluation of the expanded ebt demonstration in maryland  
a mobile computer interface for heterogeneous databases r alonso em haber hf korth research issues in data engineering 1993 : interoperability & hellip ; 1993.0 
measured pulse-stuffing jitter in asynchronous dsiisonet multiplexing with and without stuff - wd grover te moore ja eachern electronic letters  
thermodynamic theory of non-ideal detonation and failure wb brown   
segmentation of an image sequence using multi-dimensional image attributes e chalom   
laser processing of metals and alloys gl goswami d kumar pr roy  1988.0 
highlighting commonalities differences and diversity with picture books . cs marshall social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
graph isomorfizm algorithm for regular vlsi structure v kureichik a tetelbaum proc . 28th annual conf . in information sciences and systems & hellip ;  
aquery : query language for ordered data optimization techniques and experiments a lerner d shasha proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
dynamic stereometry of the temporomandibular joint from 3d imaging and tracking data m krebs swiss federal institute of technology zurich switzerland  
a decade of internet researchâ ?? advances in models and practices c di cairano-gilfedder r clegg bt technology journal 2005.0 
random coefficient autoregressive models : an introduction df nicholls bg quinn  1982.0 
the essence of chaos : university of washington press en lorenz seattle washington  
the onset of turbulence in a shear flow over a flat plate . dc banks demonstration ] siggraph &#39; 94 vroom exhibit . in visual  
polymorphism is set theoretic constructively am pitts lecture notes in computer science 1987.0 
scale and detail in the cognition of geographic information dr montello rg golledge & hellip ; of california santa barbara santa barbara california . & hellip ;  
muhiprocessor hash-based join algorithms d dewitt r gerber proc . 1985 vldb conference stockholm sweden sept  
composing user interfaces with interviews a mark ieee computer  
devolution and the territorial politics of foreign direct investment d mackinnon na phelps   
adiba and bg lindsay . database snapshots me al801 vldb october 2001.0 
solving geometric problems with the rotating calipers tt godfried proceedings ofieee melecon &#39; 83 athens greece  
cost estimation of user-defined methods in object-relational database systems b jihad o kinji sigmod record  
representation imagination and virtual space : geographies of tourism landscapes in west cork and cv sarmento geography  
implementing a formally verifiable security protocol in java card e hubbers m oostdijk e poll lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
t echnologie de lã?igname : apres-reâ ? colte etude de du stockage t raditionnel en l ã?ameâ ? o girardin swiss federal institute of technology zurich switzerland  
high frequency data do improve volatility and risk estimation f corsi m dacorogna u muller g zumbach olsen & associated discussion paper zurich switzerland  
time-triggered architecture for safety-related distributed real-time systems in transportation t thurner g heiner proc . 28th int . symp . fault-tolerant comput  
on the correctness of representing extended entity-relationship structures in the relational model vm markowitz a shoshani   
obligation donorresourcesandreactions to aid in three cultures kj gergen p ellsworth c maslach m seipel journal of personality and social psychology  
physics of climate 520 pp. am . inst . of phys. college park jp peixoto ah oort md  
birbal : a computer-based devilâ ?? s advocateâ ?? 391-402 in sa raghavan proceedings of the 23rd annual hawaii international & hellip ;  
query by image content : the qbic system m flickner h sawhney w niblack j ashley q ieee computer  
what are improved seeds ? an epistemology of the green revolution l yapa economic geography 1993.0 
methods in enzymology l waxman san diego  
landau levels above the optical-phonon continumin two and three dimensions h frohlich h pelzer s zienau phil . mag  
world ocean atlas 1994 vol . 4 temperature noaa atlas nesdis vol . 4 129 pp. natl. oceanic and s levitus tp boyer md  
efficient dynamically structured multiprocess communication yj joung sa smolka proc . 28th annual allerton conference on communication & hellip ;  
realities of delivering mammography in the community : challenges with staffing and scheduling cdâ ?? orsi sp tu c nakanoâ ? ¦ unpublished  
a genetic algorithm for fragment allocation in a distributed database system a corcoran j hale proc . 1994 acm symp . applied computing 1994.0 
the enzymes in food processing kl parkin  1993.0 
programmer 's guide to pc & ps/2 video systems r wilton  1987.0 
comparison of the dynamic behaviour of brain tissue and two model materials dwa brands phm bovendeerd gwm peters j wismans sae conference proceedings p 1999.0 
preventing decline of american higher education . kh ashworth new directions for higher education 1979.0 
multiculturalism pillarization and liberal civic education in the netherlands b spiecker j steutel international journal of educational research 2001.0 
derivatives of regular expressions ja brzozowski journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1964.0 
intense magnetic fields observed by voyager 2 during 1998 lf burlaga fb mcdonald nf ness proc . 26th int . conf . cosmic rays sh 1999.0 
schemasql-a language for interoperability in relational multi-database systems f sadri in subramanian lvs lakshmanan  1996.0 
replacement of nurses with unlicensed assistive personnel : the erosion of professional nursing and pg zimmermann journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 
journal writing in higher education p jarvis new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
semantic similarities between objects in multiple databases v kashyap a sheth   
software faults software failures and software reliability modeling jc munson information and software technology  
toward an effective calculus for object query processing lf fm d maier proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of  
photolysis of wood microsections in the ultraviolet microscope jan scott dai goring wood science and technology 1970.0 
phonology of the modern greek koini m setatos athens greece  
native state kinetic stabilization as a strategy to ameliorate protein misfolding diseases : a focus sm johnson rl wiseman y sekijima ns green sl acc . chem . res 2005.0 
models for reactive systems z manna a pnueli technical report dept. of comp . sci. stanford university  
summing up : themes and issues related to learning in groups s imel new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
churchill livingstone 1985 2 : 534 . priti shah md ravi ramakantan n york md bombay  
conference m technolo & hellip ; methods in nuclear erwineering montreal canada june  
databases on the web : technologies for federation architectures and case studies r kramer   
the treatment of akinesia using virutal images [ masterâ ?? s thesis ] j prothero seattle : university of washington  
sex differences in achievement : a test of alternate theories js eccles t adler jl meece journal of personality and social psychology  
titanâ ?? s surface : monitoring and modeling from near-infrared spectra a coustenis b schmitt e lellouch cp mckay p submitted for publication  
excitation dynamics : insights from simplified membrane models j rinzel fed . proc 1985.0 
stride scheduling : deterministic proportional-share resource management . technical memorandum mit / ca waldspurger we weihl  1995.0 
microsoft sql server 2000 as a '' dimensionally friendly system j mundy   
range locking strategies for improved concurrency db lomet proc . very large databases conf . ( aug. 1993 ) dublin  
data mining for very busy people t menzies y hu   
tapes hold data too : challenges on tertiary storage mj carey lm hass m livny sigmod record  
pull for broadcast data s acharya m franklin s zdonik b push proc . acm sigmod conf. tucson az may  
algebraic specification schemes for database systems . sb yao h ehrig hj kreowski h weber proc . 4th vldb west { berlin ( 427 { 440 )  
element evaluation in resistive networks ja starzyk h dai proc . 28th midwest symp . circuits  
integrating social studies with math and science . pa heath social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
the comparison of attenuation relationships for peak horizontal acceleration in intraplate regions sk sarma mw free procs . of the fifth pacific conference on earthquake & hellip ;  
webfilter : a high-throughput xml-based publish and subscribe system f fabret h jacobsen f llirbat j pereira d vldb rome italy  
omitted-ability bias major-specific wage premia and changes in the returns to college education . e eide j grogger unpublished paper university of california santa barbara  
adaptable pointer swizzling strategies in object bases : design realization and quantitative a kemper d kossmann the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
preparing the individual for institutional leadership : the summer institute . c secor new directions for higher education 1983.0 
gramian factoring wa gibson unpublished  
antibiotic prophylaxis regimens and drugs for cesarean section l hopkins f smaill cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
rule management and evaluation : an active dbms perspective s chakravarthy sigmod record 1989.0 
on answering queries in the presence of limited access patterns c li e chang   
controlled-atmosphere cone calorimeter intermediate-scale calorimeter and cone corrosimeter fy hshieh rr buch proceedings of the 23rd international conference on fire & hellip ;  
direct parsing of schema tree adjoining grammars k harbusch j woch procs . of the sixth international workshop on parsing & hellip ;  
showing instead of telling r baecker   
rave : real-time services for the web p england rb allen r underwood www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
94022 usa 2003 ca los altos   
combined work/quality assurance project plan for water quality monitoring and combined sewer ac rex di taylor  2000.0 
threshold ring signatures and applications to ad-hoc groups e bresson j stern m szydlo lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
a microprocessor-based implantable telemetry system kw fernald ta cook jj paulos   
motion planning equivalence infinite dimensional systems p rouchon   
physical and chemical investigations in bering sea and portions of the north pacific ocean ca barnes tg thompson  1938.0 
optimizing candidate check costs for bitmap indices d rotem k stockinger k wu proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
z galil two lower bounds in asynchronous distributed computation p duris proc . 28th annual syrup . on foundations of computer science & hellip ;  
efficient management of inconsistent databases a fuxman e fazli rj miller acm sigmod international conference on management of data  
robby hongjun zheng and willem visser . tool-supported program abstraction for finite-state mb dwyer j hatcliff r joehanes s laubach cs proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software  
et zaniolo c. â ?? an implementation of gem : supporting u semanticdata model on a relational back-end s tsur proc . acm-sigmod conference on management of data boston  
the systems approach incentive relations and university management . rw backoff bm mitnick new directions for higher education 1981.0 
a simple radon well ( abstract only ) k lahti g graeffe oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
m and phillips wa 1978 am stewart phil . mag  
logical concurrency control for large objects in a multidatabase system gk attaluri   
descriptive epidemiology of epilepsy : contributions of population-based studies from rochester wa hauser jf annegers wa roccaâ ? ¦ mayo clinic proceedings 1996.0 
mechanism responsible for glucose-lactose diauxie in escherichia coli : challenge to the camp model t inada k kimata h aiba genes to cells 1996.0 
improved fine structure in immunolabeled cryosections after modifying the sectioning and pick-up w liou jw slot proc . int . conf . electr . microsc  
dependability of surge protective devices due to lightning flashes gl amicucci bdâ ?? elia g platania proc . of the 26th int . conf . on lightning protection  
sedna : a native xml dbms m grinev a fomichev s kuznetsov   
a comparison of compiler tiling algorithms g rivera cw tseng lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
computer forensics : high-tech law enforcement l garber   
the emerging potential of virtual reality in postsecondary education jp randall new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
storing semistructured data with stored ad dfs m fernandez d suciu proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of data & hellip ;  
functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) of the spinal cord : a methodological study jcw brooks m robson p schweinhardt r wise i proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the american pain & hellip ;  
attacking the asokanâ ?? ginzboorg protocol for key distribution in an ad-hoc bluetooth network using g steel a bundy m maidl   
chemical process dynamics and identification lecture notes sb jorgensen technical university of denmark  
querying large text databases for efficient information extraction e agichtein l gravano   
the context interchange network prototype am daruwala   
sgml : the quiet revolution j karney pc magazine  
prediction by supervised principal components e bair t hastie d paul r tibshirani   
space thermionic nuclear power systems of a new generation with the electric generation systems vi yarygin ga kuptsov va evtikhinâ ? ¦ at .  
guest editorial to the special issue on data stream processing j gehrke jm hellerstein the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
mouse mcm proteins : complex formation and transportation to the nucleus h kimura t ohtomo m yamaguchi a ishii k genes to cells 1996.0 
student manual : introduction to oceanography wa prothero university of california santa barbara  
singularity avoidance in redundant robot kinematics : a dynamical system approach k tchon applied mathematics and computer science 1997.0 
reference anytime anywhere : towards virtual reference services at penn state lm moyo electronic library 2002.0 
distinguishing theories of syntactic storage cost in sentence comprehension : evidence from japanese e gibson k nakatani e chen   
affective learningâ ?? a manifesto rw picard s papert w bender b blumberg c bt technology journal 2004.0 
racial and gender differences in weight status and dietary practices among college students rd debate m topping rg sargent adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
ethnicity and adaptation : the late period-cara occupation in northern highland ecuador js athens see ref  
the extension application and generalization of a phage t7 intracellular growth model l you  2002.0 
ethics and hr : standards in practice g edwards k bennett personnel administrator  
fast stroke extraction method for handwritten chinese characters by cross region analysis km ku ppk chiu electronic letters 1994.0 
a data distortion by probability distribution ck liew uj choi cj liew acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
the ansa project and standards aj herbert acm press frontier series 1990.0 
applied speech technology a syrdal r bennett  1994.0 
hytime : evaluation and implementation experience j buford proceedings of acm hypertext  
the best city of them all : a history of las vegas 1930-1960 pb kaufman  1974.0 
a cognitive approach to introductory computer science courses m doran d langan proceedings of acm  
the biology of calanoid copepods : academic press j mauchline san diego ca  
the soul of remedies r sankaran  1997.0 
casdal : cas sm 's da ta l anguage syw su a emam acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1978.0 
query by image and video content : theqbicsystem m flickner h sawhney w niblack j ashley q ieee computer  
object serialisation and deserialisation using xml n bhatti jml goff w hassan z kovacs p martin 10th international conference on management of data ( comad  
high availability in very large workflow management systems m kamath g alonso r gunthor c mohan research report ibm almaden research center february  
terrain mapping of radar satellite images rd paget d longsta electronic imaging  
ranking world cities : multinational corporations and the global urban hierarchy bj godfrey y zhou urban geography 1999.0 
lectin histochemistry of the mast cell : a light microscopical study cj kirkpatrick cjp jones rw stoddart the histochemical journal 1988.0 
child care and the labor supply of married women : reduced form evidence dc ribar the journal of human resources 1992.0 
ceftriaxone versus cefazolin with probenecid for severe skin and soft tissue infections g brown r chamberlain j goulding a clarke journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
euso collaboration s bottai s giurgola proc . 28th international cosmic ray conference tsukuba & hellip ;  
a practical multicast monitoring scheme j walz bn levine   
the impact of database selection on distributed searching al powell jc french j callan m connell cl proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
virology pathogenetic mechanisms and associated diseases of kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus r sarid a klepfish a schattner mayo clinic proceedings 2002.0 
inside track j dvorak pc magazine 1993.0 
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals ikc faloutsos proceedings international conference on very large data & hellip ; 1994.0 
amputees : skin problems and prostheses sw levy cutis-new york - 1995.0 
duplicate detection in information dissemination t yan h garcia-molina proceedings of very large databases ( vldbâ ?? 95 ) conference & hellip ;  
life in the fast lane md stone pc magazine 1993.0 
improving performance with bulk-inserts in oracle r-trees n an s ravada vldb 2003.0 
uml activity diagrams as a workflow specification language m dumas ahm hofstede lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
diagnosis of sub-clinical varicocele by means of infrared functional imaging ( proceeding n. 143 ) a merla l di donato a ledda gl romani proceedings of the 23rd annual international conference of & hellip ;  
progestogen for preventing miscarriage rm oates-whitehead dm haas ja carrier cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
performance and interpretation of focused right upper quadrant ultrasound by emergency physicians jl kendall rj shimp journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
toward computer-supported concurrent software engineering p dewan   
microwave linear power amplifier with micromodule technology g locatelli l ricco m nannicini & hellip ; conference on communicationsâ ?? ( seattle washington  
a gradient from stable to cyclic populations of clethrionomys rufocanus in hokkaido japan nc stenseth on bjornstad t saitoh proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
meeting the needs of consumers : lessons from business and industry la garrett cl vogt new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
schwarz p. donâ ?? t scrap it wrap it ! a wrapper architecture for legacy data sources m tork roth vldb [ vld97 ]  
m. tokuda computational study of polycrystalline behaviour under complex loading conditions f havlicek proceedings of plasticity  
system r : relational approach to database management kp eswaran jn gray pp griffiths wf king ra acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
xperanto : middleware for publishing object-relational data as xml documents mj carey j kiernan j shanmugasundaram ej vldb 2000.0 
fast decipherment algorithm for rsa public-key cryptosystem c couvreur j quisquater electronic letters  
smarten up ! j maglitta computerworld  
superimposition : a component adaptation technique g wang lm hallberg e saphier ew englander j information and software technology 1999.0 
determination of cr by gfaas with ca and mg as matrix modifier b gong y liu at . spectrosc  
writing post-soviet estonia on to the world map e berg s oras political geography 2000.0 
on property ( ï ? ) a lubotzky a zuk   
elmagarmid ahmed k. . business-to-business interactions : issues and enabling technologies m brahim b boualem b athman na hh the vldb journal  
on the derivation of cosmic ray specific yield functions wr webber jj quenby phil . mag  
good teaching : one size fits all ? dd pratt new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
hydrokinetic solutions and observations k lord phil mag  
a. tomasic â ?? gloss : text-source discovery over the internetâ ?? l gravano h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems  
emeritus college : reaching the older learner . nj hruby new directions for higher education 1980.0 
mentoring minority graduate students : a west indian narrative ca stanley new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
object-oriented geographic information system shell s roberts information and software technology 1993.0 
an end user friendly interface for databases i kamenyâ ? ¦ proceedings vldb  
teachersâ ?? classroom interactions in ict-based mathematics lessons in m. van den heuvel j monaghan proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference for the & hellip ;  
threshold schemes based on plucker coordinates m wang d feng g wang   
electrically augmented liquidliquid extraction in a two-component system 1 single droplet studies pj bailes jd thornton proc int solv extr conf  
optimal processing and optimal relationships in phase direction finders and phase rangefinders nv sobtsov radiotekhnika i elektronika 1977.0 
a cheat controlled protocol for centralized online multiplayer games b di chen m maheswaran proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ; 2004.0 
subdirectly irreducible modes ka kearnes   
seed dispersal gap colonization and the case of cecropia insignis nvl brokaw see ref  
development of eggs and the planktonic stages of salmon lice ( lepeophtheirus salmonis ) at low k boxaspen t naess contributions to zoology 2000.0 
once upon a time past -- history in the elementary classroom . ls levstik social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
the jobs evaluation : monthly participation rates in three sites and factors affecting participation g hamilton   
watermaking three-dimensional polygonal models r ohbuchi h masuda m aono   
ds and m. tan . semantic data caching and replacement s dar mj franklin bt jonsson & hellip ; conference on very large data bases  
rat : representation of actions using terminological logics j heinsohn d kudenko b nebel hj protlich & hellip ; on taxonomic reasoning | proceedings number d-92-08 in dfki & hellip ;  
steroids for treating tuberculous pleurisy pt matchaba j volmink cochrane database syst . rev 2000.0 
second order initial boundary-value problems of variational type d serre   
content-based image retrieval based on a fuzzy approach r krishnapuram s medasani sh jung ys choi r ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
user groups go high ( er ) tech b machrone pc magazine  
diamond in the rough : finding hierarchical heavy hitters in multi-dimensional data g cormode f korn s muthukrishnan d srivastava proc . acm sigmod 2004.0 
a new proof of the maximal monotonicity of the sum using the fitzpatrick function c zalinescu submitted for  
nearest-neighbor search in medical image databases f korn n sidiropoulos c faloutsos e siegel z proc . conf . very large data bases ( vldb )  
structural factors affecting the location and timing of urban underclass growth j kasarda urban geography  
a waterborne outbreak of gastroenteritis in adults associated with escherichia coli sa schroeder jr caldwell tm vernon pc white si lancet i 1968.0 
recent breaches raise specter of liability risks . j vijayan computerworld  
pitch estimation and voicing detection based on a sinusoidal speech model rj mcaulay tf quatieri   
a mixture density based approach to object recognition for image retrieval j dahmen k beulen m guld h ney procs . 6th international riao conference on content-based  
beyond average : toward sophisticated sensing with queries jm hellerstein w hong s madden k stanek lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
beam profile measurements at 40mhz in the ps to sps transfer channel g ferioli jj gras   
hytech : the cornell hybrid technology tool ta henzinger ph ho lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
folding kinetics d thirumalai j. phys . i france 1995.0 
the return on quality investment . d seymour new directions for higher education 1994.0 
the evolution of parental care patterns : a synthesis and a study of the breeding ecologyof the tr carlisle  1981.0 
a tale of twelve cities : metropolitan employment change in dynamic industries in the 1980s . j pollard m storper economic geography 1996.0 
chem . 2002 277 5699â ?? 5702 ; m. zhang w. wang ay hung m sheng j biol acc . chem . res  
preface : introduction to special sectionâ ?? business models r alt electronic markets 2001.0 
a combined storm overflow structure : design procedure g oliveto m fiorentino g mininni   
systems with hysteresis ma krasnoselâ ?? skii av pokrovskii  1989.0 
the influence of self-interested behavior on sociopolitical change : the evolution of the chaco j kantner  1999.0 
388.6 â ?? 7 ( csm i 25 ) x at at  
three essays on asymmetric information and financial contracting ph. d. dissertation r moore university of wisconsin  
xslt 2.0 programmer 's reference wrox 3rd edition ( august 9 2004 ) m kay   
coherent arbitrariness : duration-sensitive pricing of hedonic stimuli around an arbitrary anchor d ariely g loewenstein d prelec   
splus reference manual statistical sciences ra becker jm chambers ar wilks inc seattle washington  
paulo p freire shor i  
context interchange mediator prototype c brannon s bressan ch goh k fynn m jakobisiak sigmod rec 1997.0 
the hennepin county medical centerâ ?? s womenâ ?? s advocacy programâ ?? sixteen years of service hc jackson journal of emergency nursing 1992.0 
web release date : february 24 2004 mi page acc . chem . res 2004.0 
bclasses : a construct and method for modelling co-operative object behaviour br marshall jb kennedy pj barclay information and software technology 1997.0 
predicting software reliability w alan ieee computer  
e2e umts network simulator for quality of service predictions and network planning optimization r rueda m gasparroni i rivas t kirvar proceedings of xii jornadas telecom i +  
a new approach to the modal logic of intervals a hussain m marx  2004.0 
the application of the cop888 to a 2-wheel abs system r duengen  1989.0 
innovation potential and performance of medium-sized manufacturing enterprises in slovenia t kroslin proceedings of the 25 thconference podim  
university of maryland code 923 greenbelt j morisette n gsfc   
unfixed tissue for electron immunocytochemistry : a simple preparation method for colloidal gold jw stirling the histochemical journal 1992.0 
parallel processing and document layout submitted to h brown  1988.0 
influence of reciprocal electromechanical transduction on outer hair cell admittance ek weitzel r tasker we brownell   
an agent oriented ontology of social reality g boella l van der torre   
strategizing throughout the organization : managing role conflict in strategic renewal sw floyd pj lane academy of management review 2000.0 
data manager for evolvable real-time command and control systems e hughes r ginis b thuraisingham p krupp j proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
human rights : some perspectives j minker acm sigmod record 1987.0 
asynchronous transfer mode-an overview jl adams bt technology journal 1995.0 
efficient polygon amalgamation methods for spatial olap and spatial data mining x zhou d truffet j han   
towards a 4/3 approximation for the asymmetric traveling salesman problem r carr s vempala   
out of mind but back in sight : stereotypes on the rebound cn macrae gv bodenhausen ab milne j jetten journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
ts. lobanov yu . v. et al gn flerov y oganesyan at . energ  
effortless incremental fmea c price procs annual reliability and maintainability symp  
inside distributed com e guy e henry  1998.0 
on the memory requirements of xpath evaluation over xml streams z bar-yossef m fontoura v josifovski   
on the turanâ ?? kubilius inequality cm stein technical report no. 220 stanford university  
dehydrogenases in the same cell pj stoward y nakae histochemical journal 1988.0 
legion : an operating system for wide-area computing a grimshaw a ferrari f knabe m humphrey   
kinematic bifurcations in the simulation of deployable structures p kumar s pellegrino iass-iacm isasr athens greece  
multiplayer gaming : two or more is war me ryan pc magazine-american edition -  
social information processing factors in reactive and proactive aggression in childrenâ ?? s peer ka dodge jd coie journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
virtual document generation from multimedia repositories if cruz wt lucas proc . 5th acm int . multimedia conf  
temporal and selective association of multiple sigma factors with rna polymerase during sporulation m fujita genes to cells 2000.0 
lipid modification and coronary heart disease in md feher rs elkeles md 1999.0 
its thrashing behavior a thomasian tpl performance acm tods  
multiplane transesophageal echocardiography : image orientation examination technique anatomic jb seward bk khandheria wk freeman jk oh mayo clinic proceedings 1993.0 
eager aggregation and lazy aggregation pa larson wp yan   
maximum modems 14,400 bps and rising . fj derfler pc  
the dynamic nature of conflict : a longitudinal study of intragroup conflict and group performance ka jehn ea mannix   
infective endocarditis in intravenous drug users : does hiv status alter the presenting temperature dj robinson mc lazo t davis ja kufera journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
new concepts of cattle growth . rt berg rm butterfield  1976.0 
scheduling to minimize average stretch without migration l becchetti   
ethics in practice e perloff jk perloff new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
rural space as intellectual property w moran political geography 1993.0 
scheduling real-time transactions : a performance evaluation '' 14th int r abbott h garcia-molina conf . on vldb  
preferences for separating or combining events pw linville gw fischer journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
simon : a grammar-based transformation system for structured documents a feng t wakayama   
efficient and flexible methods for transient versioning of records to avoid locking by read-only c mohan h pirahesh r lorie proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
computer hardware and software bz gottesman pc magazine november  
delille jacques : delfort robert m de lenois   
the ordered weighted geometric operator : properties and application f chiclana f herrera e herrera-viedma proc 2000.0 
mixed initiative in dialogue : an investigation into discourse ma walker s whittaker proc . 28th ann . meeting assoc. computational linguistics  
catastrophism & the old testament : the mars - earth conflicts dw patten  1988.0 
descriptive statistics on lightning activity over italy obtained by means of the italian lightning r iorio d ferrari proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;  
architecture-driven component reuse pav hall information and software technology  
point processes and queues martingale dynamics p brã © maud  1981.0 
a high photosensitivity il-ccd image sensor with monolithic resin lens array y ishihara k tanigaki   
a modal calculus for named control effects a nanevski unpublished manuscript 2004.0 
integrating mining with relational database systems : alternativesandimplications s sarawagi s thomas r agrawal inacm sigmod international conference on management of data & hellip ;  
chemistry for future [ j ] r breslow acc chem res  
isbn 0 wiley w wiley   
structured prioritized sweeping r dearden   
evolutionary algorithm performance profiles on the adaptive distributed database management problem mj oates bt technology journal 2000.0 
guest editorial machine learning for the internet gw flake p frasconi c giles m maggini acm transactions on internet technology 2004.0 
epidemiologic studies of microwave effects c silverman ieee proceedings 1980.0 
hypertext document generator in a computer supported cooperative work environment y chang kh chang l murphy twd ii bg lee jd proceedings 1997 acm southeast  
a reduced-order model of time-delay induced combustion instability jp hathout m fleifil am annaswamy af ghoniem technical report 2003 massachusetts institute of technology  
linear clustering of objects with multiple attributes hv jagadish proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data 1990.0 
light-cone superspace and the finiteness of the n = 4 model s mandelstam aip conference proceedings 1984.0 
1996 . deeds | towards a distributed active and real-time database system sf andler j hanson j eriksson j mellin m acm sigmod  
speechdat multilingual speech databases for teleservices : across the finish line h hoege c draxler h van den heuvel ft johansen proceedings eurospeech 1999.0 
performance evaluation and enhancement of the csma/ca mac protocol for 802.11 wireless lans g bianchi l fratta m oliveri   
brainlink : a software tool supporting the development of an eeg-based brain-computer interface t felzer b freisleben submitted for publication 2001.0 
kevin stannard p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
probability criterion and efficient frontier q han w tang g li proceedings of 2001 international conference on management & hellip ;  
an efficient protocol for anonymous and fair document exchange n zhang q shi m merabti computer networks 2003.0 
splitting the difference : exploring the middle ground in user interface design s douglas e doerry d novick proceedings of the 24th annual hawaii international & hellip ;  
beetlemania j king computerworld  
communications deregulation seen as helter-skelter process by gte chief . b hoard computerworld. 1983.0 
removal of no x by corona discharge induced by sharp rising nanosecond pulse voltage s masuda y wu proc int conf electrostatics oxford  
structure of methyl 2 - ( nitrooxy ) ethyl 1 4-dihydro-2 6-dimethyl-4 - ( 3-nitrophenyl ) -3 5 - t ogawa k matsumoto c yokoo acc . chem .  
state space caching revisited . von bochmann g. and probst dk p godefroid gj holzmann d pirottin proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer - & hellip ;  
designing component-based applications m kirtland  1999.0 
facility location problem with concave cost functions . m hajiaghayi m mahdian m mirrokni unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
strategic alliance structuring : a game theoretic and transaction cost examination of interfirm a parkhe the academy of management journal 1993.0 
the role of ad hoc networks in mobility a readhead s trill bt technology journal 2003.0 
the rural-urban fringe gs wehrwein economic geography 1942.0 
engineering performance for the future of intelligence a ingham j graham p hendy bt technology journal 2005.0 
blending two cultures : state legislative auditing and evaluation ra brooks new directions for program evaluation  
storage estimation of multidimensional aggregates in a data warehouse environment b shah k ramachandran v raghavan   
beyond your resume : ' a nurse 's professional '' portfolio '' b brooks s barrett pg zimmermann journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
note on the biweight enumerators of self-dual codes over zk st dougherty m harada m oura   
the qbic systemâ ?? v content ieee computer  
the role of the consortium director tr horgan new directions for higher education 1999.0 
handbook of variety testing : growth chamber greenhouse testing procedures variety identification rc payne  1993.0 
a toolkit for constructing type-and constraint-based program analyses a aiken m faehndrich js foster z su lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
tappi pulp . conf sj szegda  1994.0 
itâ ?? s not who you hire itâ ?? s who you keep j champy computerworld  
implementation techniques for main memory database systems djdwrh katz f olken ld shapiro mr stonebraker mt. proc . of acm  
revolutionary subjectivity : the cultural logic of the nicaraguan revolution jp reed  2000.0 
cambridge : cambridge university press ; 2000 gb regulation   
video mosaic : laying out time in a physical space we mackay d pagani   
adept : an agent-based approach to business process management poâ ?? brien m wiegand bt technology journal  
teaching and learning : 2000 ad hr bowen new directions for higher education 1975.0 
where is the home choke ? br schlenker st phillips ka boniecki dr journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
information technology diffusion : a review of empirical research rg fichman   
integrating construction productivity and quality management . m battikha proc. 28th annual conference canadian society for civil & hellip ;  
parallelism control and synchronization expression in a single assignment language d comte g durrieu o gelly a plas jc syre acm sigplan notices 1978.0 
a small-area high-performance 512-point 2-dimensional fft single-chip processor n miyamoto l karnan k maruo k kotani t ohmi   
decimation of triangle meshes wj schroeder ja zarge we lorensen proceedings of the 19th annual conference on computer & hellip ; 1992.0 
calcitonin gene-related peptide vasodilation of human pulmonary vessels dg mccormack jcw mak sm studies endothelium ( n = i  
the history of fortran i 11 and 111 . j backus & hellip ; sigplan history of programming languages conference sigplan & hellip ;  
structural conditions for perturbation analysis derivative estimation i : finite time performance p glasserman submitted to publication  
b 5500 manual university of washington g kildall & equil apl preliminary computer center seattle  
prey abundance space use demography and foraging habitat of northern goshawks in western td bloxton  2002.0 
generalized page replacement algorithms in a relational data base rg casey i osman proceedings of the 1974 acm sigfidet ( now sigmod ) workshop & hellip ; 1974.0 
sorts in unification-based grammar and what they mean cj pollard unpublished manuscript  
the prototype embedded network ( pen ) a jones a hopper computer networks 2001.0 
sedimentology and brachiopod biostratigraphy of the ordovician ( mohawkian ) decorah formation [ ph. d. nr emerson university of wisconsin  
flexible information retrieval through likelog f arcelli f formato proc . of acm  
stellar structure s chandrasekhar new york  
on the separation of equalization and coding jm cioffi proc . 29th allerton conf . communication control and  
report on the acm fourth international workshop on data warehousing and olap ( dolap 2001 ) j hammer sigmod record 2002.0 
on the interference bands of approximately homogeneous light ; in a letter to prof. a. michelson l rayleigh phil . mag  
nested tra # actzons for engmeenng destgn databases w ktm r lone d mcnabb w plouffe proc 10th int conf on vldb singapore aug  
do shape transformations in erythrocytes reflect the flip rate of amphiphilic compounds ? h hagerstrand m bobrowska-hagerstrand b isomaa cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
statistical decision theory and bayesian analysis jo berger  1985.0 
characterization of a novel heart and respiratory rate sensor jl jacobs p embree m glei s christensen pk   
answering complex sql queries using automatic summary tables m zaharioudakis r cochrane g lapis h pirahesh proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2000.0 
the dependence of lipochrome-formation in birds on plant carotenoids o vã ¶ lker proc int ornithol congr  
finestructure of atmospheric refractive layers and implications for over-the-horizon propagation and ee gossard wd neff rj zamora je gaynor & hellip ; : conference on radar meteorology 22nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
getting the most from textbooks : making instruction motivating . j wooster social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
multimodal affect recognition in learning environments a kapoor rw picard   
adaptive refinement of search patterns for distributed information gathering um borghoff py chevalier j willamowski   
gentrification in recession : social change in six canadian inner cities : 1981â ?? 1986 d ley urban geography  
â ?? direction and motion control in the grand tour d cook a buja j cabrera computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
improving fault tolerance and supporting partial writes in structured coterie protocols m rabinovich ed lazowska proc . of the acm sigmod  
improved nonparametric confidence intervals in time series regressions â ?? jp romano m wolf   
for whom is liberal education produced ? . dw breneman new directions for higher education 1994.0 
hasanw. krishnamurthy r. query optimization for parallel execution s ganguly proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
acm portal google inc. mp atkinson me orlowska p valduriez sb zdonik proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ; 1999.0 
guru : a multimedia distance-learning framework for users with disabilities v balasubramanian n venkatasubramanian proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
negative information weighs more heavily on the brain : the negativity bias in evaluative ta ito jt larsen nk smith jt cacioppo journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
creating new hope : implementation of a program to reduce poverty and reform welfare t brockâ ? ¦  1997.0 
molecular dynamics study of melting . pt . 3 . spontaneous dislocation generation and the dynamics of rmj cotterill d kristensen phil . mag. 1974.0 
the sexual assault nurse clinician : '' minneapolis ' 15 years experience . '' le ledray journal of emergency nursing  
sources of the just war tradition in western culture.â ?? h roots  1991.0 
local adaptation and gene-for-gene coevolution in a metapopulation model s gandon y capowiez y dubois y michalakis i proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
querying the le s abiteboul s cluet t milo proceedings of the vldb conference  
an evaluation of the salinity stratification in the charles river basin a cano-ruiz technical report massachusetts institute of technology course  
access signallingâ ?? q. 2931 and related standards b law rr knight bt technology journal 1998.0 
the nonlinear membrane energy : variational derivation under the constraint â ?? detâ ?? u = 0â ?? o anza hafsa jp mandallena   
film criticism and micro-computer courseware evaluation gm della-piana new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
social anxiety and social avoidance in children : the development of a self-report measure s franke s hymel unpublished manuscript  
the generation of vacancies in metals rs barnes phil . mag  
peptide t in treatment of aids l wetterberg b alexius j saaf a sonnerborg s lancet i 1987.0 
solvingqueries bytree projections yso shmueli acm tods  
exploring media correlation and synchronization for navigated hypermedia documents ky liu hy chen proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
evidence of an energy transfer reaction between atomic hydrogen and argon ii or helium ii as the r mills p ray b dhandapani   
classification of stable time { optimal controls on 2-manifolds u boscain i nikolaev b piccoli   
the tectonic and volcanic contributions to abyssal hill topography : a study on the east pacific rise rt alexander university of california santa barbara  
the dimer model in statistical mechanics-an exact result h temperley m fisher phil mag  
march 1975 . slope stability and mass wasting in the ashland creek watershed . us forest service sa wilson bg hicks unpublished  
e cient similarity search and classi cation via rank aggregation r fagin r kumar d sivakumar proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
comparing hierarchical data in external memory ss chawathe proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
a neural network for size-invariant feature extraction t nagano m ishikawa proc . int . neural network conf  
study of combustion characteristics of a compression ignition engine fuelled with dimethyl ether zh huang hw wang hy chen lb zhou dm jiang proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1999.0 
hot isostatic pressing -- a new tool in materials processing vs arunachalam powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ; 1980.0 
use of intramuscular midazolam for status epilepticus ar towne rj delorenzo journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
altbausanierung mit naturbaustoffen k schillberg at  
obtaining complete answers from incomplete databases c collet m huhns w shen ieee computer  
semantic conflict resolution ontology ( scrol ) : an ontology for detecting and resolving data and s ram j park ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
on characterizing bgp routing table growth t bu l gao d towsley computer networks 2004.0 
data in your face : push technology in perspective m franklin s zdonik   
an effective history conference je sammet history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
record-boundary discovery in web-documents l moorn proc of the 1999 acm sigmod philadelphia pennsylvania usa  
evaluation of adaptivity and user expertise in a speech-based e-mail system k jokinen k kanto a kerminen j rissanen   
independent quantization : an index compression technique for high-dimensional data spaces s berchtold c boehm hv jagadish hp kriegel j   
picture-driven animation rm baecker proc . afips  
atlas of an insect brain nj strausfeld  1976.0 
factors influencing career choices of native american and caucasian american high school students : a cm doud  2003.0 
corporate divestiture intensity in restructuring firms : effects of governance strategy and re hoskisson ra johnson dd moesel the academy of management journal 1994.0 
metamagical themas : questing for the essence of mind and pattern d hofstadter   
using options for knowledge transfer in reinforcement learning tj perkins d precup   
materialized view selection for multi-cube data models a shukla p deshpande jf naughton   
in x-ray microfocusing : applications and technique pj eng m newville ml rivers sr sutton mcnulty i.  
institutional renewal : what the corporate model ca n't tell you . rm davis new directions for higher education 1985.0 
polym . gels : fundam . biomed r kishi m hara k sawahata y osada appl. [ proc . int . symp . ]  
intravenous immunoglobulin for preventing infection in preterm and/or low-birth-weight infants a ohlsson jb lacy cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
the design of an anonymous file-sharing system based on group anonymity s krishnan j uhlmann information and software technology  
opportunity in adversity : the case of bradford college . a levine new directions for higher education 1985.0 
the transport of sediments in the lower fox river jz gailani  1991.0 
a tractable approximate combinatorial 3d rigidity characterization m sitharam y zhou   
assimilation and contrast in the anchoring effect : implicit attributions about accessibility i skurnik n schwarz d park a galinsky unpublished manuscript  
u > finite-state syntax-directed braille translation < / u > jk millen technical report mtr-1829 mitre corporation bedford  
taxonomy of time models in databases dho ling da bell information . software technology 1990.0 
a pde-based level set approach fro detection and tracking of moving objects n paragios r deriche proc . of the 6th iccv bombay india  
slicing analysis and indirect accesses to distributed arrays university of maryland at college park r das j saltz r von hanxleden md  
design metrics in practice ba kitchenham sj linkman information and software technology 1990.0 
the german ideology ed k marx f engels new york : international  
real estate valuation lecture notes a aclar yildiz technical university istanbul  
relationship between interphase agnor distribution and nucleolar size in cancer cells m derenzini f farabegoli d trerã ¨ the histochemical journal 1992.0 
revisiting parallel multi-join query processing via hashing b liu ea rundensteiner proceedings of  
mining generalized association rules r srikant r agrawal  1995.0 
a timed token protocol for local area networks rm grow proceedings of electro  
understanding the connectivity of heap objects m hirzel j henkel a diwan m hind   
object oriented knowledge representation pm yelland bt technology journal 1993.0 
iau circ . 7568 3 2001 . covault c. et al hg boerstâ ? ¦ these proceedings . heck d. et . al.  
exotica/fmqm : a persistent message-based architecture for distributed workflow management g alonsoâ ? ¦  1994.0 
interactive quantitative multispectral imaging in analytical microscopy p ingram da kopf a lefurgey microbeam analysis proc . 28th ann . meeting new orleans la  
serfing the web : a comprehensive approach for web site management ea rundensteiner kt claypool l chen h su k demo session proceedings of sigmodâ ?? 00  
practical optimization of simulations : computation and tools k sinapiromsaran  2000.0 
handbook of proteolytic enzymes b turk i dolenc v turk aj barrett nd rawlings  1998.0 
task complexity : a review and analysis dj campbell the academy of management review 1988.0 
the effects of a confluent language curriculum on the oral and written communication skills and b galyean  1977.0 
languages for multi-database interoperability g frederic vs lakshmanan laks n subramaman iyer ptoc . of the acm sigmod tucson arizona may  
jussi myllymaki h devices  1997.0 
music therapy for people with dementia ac vink js birks ms bruinsma rj scholten cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
database management systems r ramakrishnan j gehrke  2002.0 
e-commerce database issues and experience a rajaraman   
code complete s mcconnel  1993.0 
helpers liberate female fairy-wrens from constraints on extra-pair mate choice ra mulder po dunn a cockburn ka lazenby-cohen proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
a case for fractured mirrors r ramamurthy dj dewitt q su the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
new vistas for adult education pj edelson pl malone new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
correctness of isa hierarchies in object-oriented database schemas . acms anthology   
oeuvres completes c ehresmann parties  
exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained association rules [ a ] ng rt vs lakshmanan j han a pang proc . of the 1998 aacm-sigmod int &#39; l conf . on management of & hellip ; 1998.0 
multaprocessor hash-based join algorithms d dewltt r gerber proc of the 1985 vldb conf stockholm sweden aug  
semantics for multi-agent only knowing a waaler b solhaug submitted for publication  
a perceptually driven dynamical model of rhythmic limb movement and bimanual coordination gp bingham   
a high performance universb1 key associative access method dl lome acmsigmod int . conf . on management of data san jose  
a compact and accurate model for classification m last o maimon ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
a case study : automatic reconfiguration in autonet tl rodeheffer md schroeder acm press frontier series 1993.0 
use of slag for dye removal kr ramakrishna t viraraghavan waste  
integrating heterogeneous overlapping databases through object-oriented transformations v josifovski t risch proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
calculation and measurements of transient electromagnetic fields in emp simulators hd brã 1/4 ns d koenigstein & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatability zurich switzerland  
enhancing self-direction in the adult learner : instructional techniques for teachers and trainers . sb slusarski new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
nonlinear stability of minkowski space d christodoulou s klainerman to  
mbd2-mbd3 complex binds to hemimethylated dna and forms a complex containing dnmt1 at the k tatematsu t yamazaki f ishikawa genes to cells 2000.0 
production of acids by anaerobic fermentation . pn hobson wg reid vk sharma & hellip ; of research and demonstration projects . elsevier applied & hellip ; 1987.0 
youth suicide risk and sexual orientation pa rutter e soucar adolescence-san diego - 2002.0 
stream cube : an architecture for multi-dimensional analysis of data streams j han y chen g dong j pei b wah j wang y cai distributed and parallel databases 2005.0 
automatic film genre classification s fischer w effelsberg proc . acm multimedia  
navigating nowhere/hypertext infrawhere j rosenberg acm sigweb newsletter 1994.0 
internet commerce emerges : bank of montreal workview systems build proprietary add-ons to packaged r seeley application development trends 1997.0 
towards automated performance iâ ?? uning for complex workloads kp brownt m mehta mj careyt m livny   
robust servo design with applications m saif & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1993.0 
lauder 1 jh pringle l primrose cn kind ic talbot situ hybridization demonstration of poly-adenylated rna  
the exodus optimizer generator procs g graefe d dewitt acm sigmod ( san francisco may  
the whips prototype for data warehouse creation and maintenance . acms anthology p edition   
asnapshot differential refresh algorithm b lindsay l haas c mohan proceedings of the acmsigmod international conference on  
turning an art into a craft : automatic bindingtime improvement m sperber p thiemann  1995.0 
dj and lee prspeech recognition-making it work ' ft scahill je johnson sh bass ae lear ja bt technology journal  
programs that work at bellarmine college . ev petrik new directions for higher education 1979.0 
reduced cover-trees and their application in the sabre access path model k karlsson vldb 1981.0 
integration of qos-enabled distributed object computing middleware for developing next-generation y krishnamurthy v kachroo da karr c rodrigues   
appendicitis masquerading as tumor : a case of two diagnoses mt marshall p rosen r berlin n greenson journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
a survey of methods for achieving reliable software d morgan d taylor ieee computer  
a note on monte carlo methods for dynamic systems js liu r chen  1996.0 
improved methods for worst-case analysis and optimization incorporating tolerances he graeb cu wieser kj antreich proc . ieee/acm design automation conference  
standing for our children in our society our classrooms and our curriculum . resource & media gt alter social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
mining association rules between sets of items in large databases . 1993 r agrawal t imielinski a swami proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of  
high-performance sorting on networks of workstations da patterson   
design and implementation of intentional names . master 's thesis e schwartz  1999.0 
r lone on eztendmg the functtons of a relatconal database system rl haskm acm sigmod orlando  
proactive caching of dns records : approaches and algorithms e cohen h kaplan   
holiday inn books client/server m wagner computerworld  
keeping presidents fully alive . ek fretwellâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1988.0 
webcast : an unusual cgi scripting language bk moritz proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
maize and grain sorghum : southern africa r kfir see ref  
furtado â ?? a temporal framework for database specificationsâ ?? pmt . of the 8th int jm castiiho ma casanova conf . on vldb mexico city  
analysis and numerical solution of a nonlinear cross-diffusion system arising in population dynamics g galiano submitted for publication 2000.0 
the effects of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder on the social skills of school-age children em strickland  2002.0 
on the complexity of division and set joins in the relational algebra d leinders j van den bussche   
attributing mental attitudes to groups : cooperation in a qualitative game theory g boella l van der torre  2003.0 
wimmers edward l. and zzã ¯ t mohamed . querying shapes of histories a rakesh p giuseppe proceedings of the 21 stvldb conference zã 1/4 rich & hellip ;  
burg : fast optimal instruction selection and tree parsing cw fraser rr henry ta proebsting acm sigplan notices 1992.0 
implementing deductive databases by mixed integer programming c bell a nerode rt ng vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems 1996.0 
on the design of a distributed query processing strategy c yu c chang m templeton d brill e lund proc . of the acm sigmod conf. may  
ecosystem modeling in the desert biome dw goodall see ref  
structured testing : a teting methodology using the mccabe complexity measure tj mccabe ieee computer  
a survey w web sigmod  
developing an operational water temperature model for the columbia river system b tanovan rg willey water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
materialization : a powerful and ubiquitous abstraction pattern a pirotte e zimã ¡ nyi d massart t yakusheva proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ; 1994.0 
using logical objects to control hypertext appearance pj brown   
the financial resilience of american colleges and universities . c frances new directions for higher education 1982.0 
hastie . t : estimating the number of clusters in a dataset via the gap statistic r tibshirani g walther technical report department of biostatistics stanford  
automatic generation of application-specific architectures for heterogeneous multiprocessor system - d lyonnard s yoo a baghdadi a jerraya proceedings acm  
carrageenan biosynthesis js craigie kf wong proc . int . seaweed symp  
on the phylogeny of antarctic and south american serolidae ( crustacea isopoda ) : molecules and c held jw wã $ gele zoology suppl . i  
data allocation in distributed database systems pmg apers acm transactions on database 1988.0 
a heuristic approach to attribute partitioning m hammer   
new technology for reducing operational costs jp trigger af cameron bt technology journal 1998.0 
implementing microsoft windows 2000 professional and server delivery guide d davis  2000.0 
facilitative strategies in action tma fuller ak haugabrook new directions for higher education 2001.0 
the pareto envelope-based selection algorithm for multi-objective optimisation dw corne jd knowles mj oates lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
implementing orthogonally persistent java a marquez sm blackburn g mercer j zigman   
colin d nash noaa seattle washington ( brief telephone discussion ) & hellip ;  
processing geometric representations on simd computers ( parallel processing mesh-connected computer y hung md  
refinement calculus : a systematic introduction rj back  1998.0 
a performance study of bistro a scalable wide-area upload architecture wc cheng cf chou l golubchik s khuller submitted for  
household economics and political integration : the lower class of the chimu empire jd moore  1985.0 
chemokinesis in paramecium : a genetic approach jl van houten  1976.0 
key note address l zadeh proceedings of the 2 ndnew zealand international t wo-stream & hellip ;  
textdatabases : asurveyoftext models and systems a loeen proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
continuous queries over append-only databases l liu c pu r barga t zhou acm sigmod conference  
sustainability and environmental assessment b simpson geography 1996.0 
disjunctive normal forms and local exceptions e beffara v danos   
a report of the rural cancer registry k jayant rs rao bm nene ps dale  1991.0 
temperate field corn study 1991 thru 1993 . p. 40-47 ea hanlon db shibles tc riddle polk county mined lands agricultural research/demonstration & hellip ;  
metamagnetism in the perovskite compound gd comno a marsh cc clark phil . mag  
a problem of robust control of a system with time delay m blizorukova f kappel v maksimov   
hormone replacement therapy to maintain cognitive function in women with dementia e hogervorst k yaffe m richards f huppert cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
cmifed : a presentation system for portable hypermedia documents g vanrossum j jansen k mullender d bulterman proc . of acm multimedia  
â ?? hierarchical spiral model for information system and software development . part 1 : theoretical j ivari information and software technology  
steroids for treating tuberculous meningitis k prasad j volmink gr menon cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
for geometric objects 4th international symposium on spatial data handling pv oosterom ecoii methods zurich switzerland p  
tertiary storage support for large-scale multidimensional array database management systems b reiner k hahn   
the effect of electrical stimulation and hot boning on veal quality fjm smulders g eikelenboom jg van logtestijn proc . 28th europ . mtg. of meat res . workers madrid spain  
a rich counter for antimatter and isotope identification in the cosmic radiation p carison t francke m suffert n weber proceedings of the 23rd international cosmic ray conference & hellip ;  
leap : a fipa platform for handheld and mobile devices f bergenti a poggi lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
managing conflict in the workplace p varhol electronic design  
semi-invariant submanifolds of a sasakian manifold a bejancu n papaghiuc to  
development of malignancy following renal transplantation in australia and new zealand agr sheil transplant proc 1992.0 
intermediaries : new places for producing and manipulating web content r barrett pp maglio www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
lockx : a system for efficiently querying secure xml . sr cho s amer-yahia lvs lakshmanan d srivastava sigmod conference 2003.0 
adaptive data broadcasting in hybrid networks k stathatos n roussopoulos j baras 23rd vws conf. athens greece aug  
creating a culturally relevant dialogue for african american adult educators ea peterson new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
catalytic asymmetric synthesis mj o'donnell i ojima ojima i  
kinetics of gas hydrates formation and tests of efficiency of kinetic inhibitors : experimental and jp monfort l jussaume t el hafaia jp canselier annals-new york academy of sciences 2000.0 
investigative journalism methods in educational evaluation de nelson new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
explicit control of logic programs through rule algebra t imielinski s naqvi proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1988.0 
q. jl geol . min . metall . soc . india 4 ( 4 ) ( 1932 ) n raj proc . 29th india sci . congr  
groundwater pumping as a factor of enhancement of aquifer replenishment by flood events i shentsis  2001.0 
fate of aerosolized recombinant dna-produced ai-antitrypsin : use of the epithelial surface ofthe rg crystal   
data presented at the glancing incidence optics fabrication workshop hosted by the optics branch of j osantowski md  
synchrotron radiation : new research opportunities for the next decade ( abstract only ) b batterman oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the virtual journal rc roistacher computer networks  
magmatic evolution of the pine grove porphyry molybdenum system southwestern utah [ ph. d. thesis ] : jd keith university of wisconsin  
optical fiber cable placing techniques-long section lengths r soyka proc . 26th int . wire cable  
multimediaminer : a system prototype for multimedia data mining or zaiane j han zn li sh chee j chiang proc . acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data 1998.0 
positive affect facilitates creative problem solving am isen ka daubman gp nowicki journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
engineering physiology : bases of human factors/ergonomics khe kroemer hj kroemer ke kroemer-elbert   
loads on bulk solids containers standards association of australia a standard   
effect of nutritional status on outcome of orthotopic liver transplantation in pediatric patients aa moukarzel i najm j vargas sv mcdiarmid rw transplant proc 1990.0 
brain hunt m williamson computerworld  
architecture of a new microprocessor bl peuto ieee computer  
turning over versus turning away of information systems professionals pcb lee s ang sa slaughter   
cooking with biomass fuels increases the risk of tuberculosis vk mishra rd retherford kr smith   
coordination assemblies from a pd ( ii ) - cornered square complex m fujita m tominaga a hori b therrien acc . chem . res 2005.0 
so what is the problem ? difficulties at the gate ew willemsen new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
[ training practitioners to work with infants toddlers and their families ] . j pawlâ ? ¦ zero to three 1989.0 
path queries on compressed xml pbmgc koch  2003.0 
k. ramesh . 1987 . a parallel implementation of iterative-deepening a * vn rao v kumar procs . 6th nat . conf . on art .  
programming windows c petsold  1990.0 
form operation by example : a language for office information processing sb yao d luo proc . acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
impaired predator evasion in fat blackcaps ( sylvia atricapilla ) c kullberg t fransson s jakobsson proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
stuttering treatment rating recorder ( strr ) version 2.0 ( computer program ) s fowler r ingham university of california santa barbara  
matlab-simulink-stateflow oldenbourg 2003 a angermann m beuschel m rau u wohlfahrt   
dynamic neural networks for process modelling in fault detection and isolation systems j korbicz k patan a obuchowicz applied mathematics and computer science 1999.0 
attribution and the psychology of prediction re nisbett e borgida journal of personality and social psychology  
explanation of a projection by balance of errors for maps applying to a very large extent of the g airy phil . mag  
devices for interactive computer music and computer graphics performances l tarabella m magrini g scapellato   
cultural variations in the cross-border transfer of organizational knowledge : an integrative rs bhagat bl kedia pd harveston hc triandis academy of management review 2002.0 
london research centre wmae inventory isbn  
homotopy method for the eigenvalue problem for partial differential equations sh lui gh golub   
the national curriculum and the two cultures : towards a humanistic perspective d hall geography  
a study of psychologic aspects of chronic renal failure . a project report for the ma degree in u bapat  1984.0 
august . congestion avoidance and control v jacobson computer communications review proceedings of acm sigcomm  
system that tracked killer tied diverse data . b hoard computerworld. 1982.0 
silent spill : the anatomy of a chronic pollution event td beamish  1999.0 
a supplement to sampling-based methods for query size estimation in a database system y ling w sun sigmod record 1992.0 
tenets of vulnerability : an assessment of a fundamental disaster concept da mcentire journal of emergency management  
self-other judgments and perceived vulnerability to victimization ls perloff bk fetzer journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
constraints : consistency and integrity mk sinha sigmod record 1983.0 
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation ( tens ) for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis in the l brosseau k yonge v robinson s marchand m cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
ozone : integrating structured and semistructured data t lahiri s abiteboul j widom lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
required speeds of fossil fuel phase-out under a 2 degree c global warming limit f krause  1990.0 
integrity and internal control in information systems { volume 1 : increasing the confidence in s jajodia w list g mcgregor l strous zurich switzerland  
on the heating of electron microscope objects with small beam cross section ( temperature measurement s leisegang transl . into english from proceedings of 3 d intern . & hellip ; 1971.0 
on hamiltonâ ?? s quadratic equation and the general unilateral equation in matrices jj sylvester phil . mag 1884.0 
energy consumption of tcp reno tcp newreno and sack in multihop wireless networks h singh p singh proceedings of acm  
principles of optimally placing data in tertiary storage libraries s christodoulakis p triantafillou f zioga proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
edge dislocations dissociated in { 112 } planes and twinning mechanism of bcc metals k ogawa phil . mag  
academic success and the international student : research and recommendations cf abel new directions for higher education 2002.0 
voci e istanze narrative nelle metamorfosi di ovidio . a barchiesi md  
meiobenthology : the microscopic fauna in aquatic sediments o giere  1993.0 
fipaâ ?? towards a standard for software agents pd o'brien rc nicol bt technology journal 1998.0 
other countries of origin besides mexico were nicaragua ( 11 ) and chile ( 11 ) ij city   
hypercard opens an electronic window on glasgow . p baird electronic library 1988.0 
dialogue specification and control : a review of models and techniques dt clarke gp crum information and software technology 1994.0 
global connections . media corner . ja braunâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
high sensitivity magnetic field sensor using amorphous alloy g vertesy j szollosy kl varga a lovas electronic horizon  
evaluating data mining procedures : techniques for generating artificial data sets pd scott e wilkins information and software technology 1999.0 
libbandb version 3.2 manual ab singer  2004.0 
home range habitat use and mortality of black bears in north-central florida jb wooding ts hardisky international conference on bear research and management  
data management research at the mitre corporation a rosenthal l seligman c mccollum b blaustein sigmod record 1995.0 
approximation with vector-valued norms in linear spaces ac bacopoulos  1966.0 
goverance ownership and corporate entrepreneurship : the moderating impact of industry sa zahra the academy of management journal 1996.0 
climate change and air quality in london . d lee geography 1993.0 
arbitrary q-factor dielectric resonator k hoffmann v sokol   
a jpeg codec adaptive to region importance j zhao y shimazu k ohta r hayasaka y proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
comparative test of solar dryers g michael h bergler m owen-jones g schroder technology demonstration center platforma solar de almeria  
a laboratory study of the absorption of light by lake waters hr james  1938.0 
using segmented right-deep trees for the execution of pipelined hash joins ms chen ml lo ps yu hc young proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
nonlinear adaptive control of a 6-dof parallel manipulator m honegger   
inhaled beclomethasone at different doses for long-term asthma n adams j bestall p jones cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
probability propagation in analog vlsi ha loeliger f lustenberger m helfenstein f unpublished  
filochat : handwritten notes provide access to recorded conversations s whittaker p hyland m wiley   
editor 's notes nl smith new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
evaluation of an ls-dyna3d model for deep drawing of aluminum sheet pc galbraith mj finn sr macewen proceedings of fe-simulation of 3-d sheet metal forming & hellip ;  
a universal constant for simple closed geodesics on compact riemann surfaces h parlier  2004.0 
face detection using a mixture of subspaces e taå?lidere  2002.0 
nonlinear functional analysis and its applications i : fixed-point theorems e zeidler  1993.0 
optical rotatory dispersion c djerassi   
taking a stand : the look-and-feel issue examined wl rosch pc magazine may  
a distributed multiparty desktop conferencing system k watabe s sakata k maenoâ ? ¦ proc . acm cscw  
new orleans louisiana usa 2001 acm szgzr  2001.0 
jd the theory of joins in relational databases av aho c beam n ull acm trans . database syst  
s. query processing for distributed databases using generalized semi-joins in proceedings of the y rambayashi a yoshikawa j ya acm transactions on database systems  
distance learning and service-learning in the accelerated format em burton new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
adaptive systems : past present and future k narendra plenary session procs . acc  
self-climb of dislocation loops in magnesium oxide j narayan j washburn phil . mag  
the kdb-tree : a search structure for large multidimensional dynamic indexes jt robinson  1981.0 
data size optimizations for java programs cs ananian m rinard   
conscious and unconscious ethnocentrism : revisiting the ideologies of prejudice wa cunningham jb nezlek mr banaji unpublished manuscript  
banc one checks out web : check fraud account errors targeted with verification service m wagner computerworld  
partitioned collection of a large object store u maheshwari b liskov proc . of sigmod international conference on management of  
a theorem of lie-kolchin for trees j tits contributions to algebra  
die nationalitã $ tenfrage und die sozialdemokratie o bauer  1907.0 
random duplicated assignment : an alternative to striping in video servers jhm korst   
legal and government implications of the ers standards for program evaluation j cahn new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource artificial intelligence dw aha artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
visual data mining in atmospheric science data m macãªdo d cook tj brown data mining and knowledge discovery 2000.0 
an algebra for creating and querying multimedia presentations s adalä ± ml sapino vs subrahmanian multimedia systems 2000.0 
towards a neural model of timing g bugmann   
user 's guide for qpsol ( version 3.2 ) : a fortran package for quadratic programming systems g pe wm urray sa ma wr mh stanford university technical report sol 84-6 stanford ca  
a modular neural network for global modeling of microwave transistors m lã ¡ zaro i santamarãa c pantaleã ³ n c navarro   
a dynamic programming approach to optimal integrated code generation c kessler a bednarski   
an unconditionally stable full-wave maxwell 's equations solver for vlsi interconnect modeling ccp chen tw lee n murugesan sc hagness g fdtd - proceedings of the 2000 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;  
water and sanitation services to the urban poor in the developing world h giles b brown geography 1997.0 
a most probable path approach to queueing systems with general gaussian input p mannersalo i norros computer networks 2002.0 
dow corning corporation : reengineering global processes j ross   
on finding duplication in strings and software bs baker submitted for  
minimizing communication costs in hierarchically-clustered networks of wireless sensors s bandyopadhyay ej coyle computer networks 2004.0 
an adjustment to profile likelihood based on observed information tj diciccio se stern  1993.0 
small materialized aggregates : a light weight index structure g moerkotte very large data bases conference ( vldbâ ?? 98 )  
a fortran compiler for fhe massively parallel processor k knobe db loveman m marcus i wells technical report cadd-8402-2101 . massachusetts computer  
the new tco metric j vijayan computerworld  
rapide-0 .2 examples a hsieh technical report csltr92510 computer systems lab stanford  
popytka slovaria noveishikh naimenovaniiâ ® rm magazinov parikmakherskikh i pr . poimenovannykh i t nikolaeva unpublished manuscript  
active storage for large-scale data mining and multimedia e riedel g gibson c faloutsos vldb 1998.0 
thermal plasma applications in materials and metallurgical processing n el-kaddah  1992.0 
teaching in the information age : the role of electronic technology mj albright dl graf new directions for teaching and  
rethinking our approach to water supply provision ja rees geography 1976.0 
paps -- the public assistance processing system jr david proc . acm urban symposium  
modelisation de systemes dâ ?? ordre non entierâ ?? j lin t poinot proceedings of jdaâ ?? 99 journees doctorales  
generalised h multivariable controllers mj grimble   
specification-based coverage criteria for adl . r doong s sankar submitted for publication  
analysis modeling and generation of self-similar vbr video trac mw garrett w willinger proc . acm sigcomm  
e ã © dition da solomon et me russinovich inmiw indows  2000.0 
a theory of forest dynamics : the ecological implications of forest succession models hh shugart  1984.0 
exploratory approaches to the study of acid diffusion and acid loss from polymer films using c coenjarts j cameron n deschamps d hambly g proc . spie 1999.0 
guidelines for designing information visualization applications d carr proceedings of ecue  
higher education funding formulas mp mckeown-moak new directions for higher education 1999.0 
consequences of priming : judgment and behavior pm herr journal of personality and social psychology  
relating distributed objects be martin rgg cattell proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
43 ; larhed m. ; moberg c. ; hallberg a rs varma g chem acc . chem . res  
sqlj-part 1 : sql routines using the java programming language . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
supporting consistent updates in replicated multidatabase systems w du ak elmagarmid w kim o bukhres the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
the possessor that stayed close to home a munn   
evaluation and congress me fishman new directions for program evaluation 1989.0 
probabilistic temporal databases i : algebra a dekhtyar r ross vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems 2001.0 
derived trail making test indices in a sample of cocaine abusers : demographic effects c roberts am horton jr   
kalman filtering : with real-time applications ck chui g chen  1987.0 
reuse of planâ ?? based knowledge sources in a uniform tagâ ?? based generation system k harbusch j woch   
the exodus optimizer generator g greafe dj dewitt & hellip ; of the 19117 acm-sigmod conference on the management of  
modellierung dynamischer aspekte mit dem objekt-prozess-modell r burkhardt technical university ilmenau germany  
re-engineering option analysis for managing software rejuvenation f lin information and software technology 1993.0 
from microphysics to macrophysics r balian  1991.0 
the index of community involvement n raynes r sumpton c pettipher unpublished manuscript  
incremental evaluation of a monotone xpath fragment h matsumura k tajima proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
feature combination and interaction detection via foreground/background models rj hall computer networks 2000.0 
on the spatial motion of a rigid body with point contact cs cai b roth   
agreement among judges of personality : interpersonal relations similarity and acquaintanceship dc funder dc kolar mc blackman journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
on the complexity of equivalence between recursive and nonrecursive datalog programs s chaudhuri my vardi   
solution of the equation ax + xb = c. { comm rh bartels gw stewart   
data modeling of time-based mediaâ '' the proceedings of the acm-sigmod 1994 s gibbs c breiteneder dc tsichritzis conference on management  
faculty appeals and grievances committee mitchell hall wi milwaukee  2001.0 
eplâ ?? parallel programming with recurrent equations bk szymanski acm press frontier series 1991.0 
melting layer observations during maypole ( ( for polarization properties of hydrometeors ) ) wr moninger tr detman jr jordan vn bringi ta conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
education and training aren â ?? t the same eg mallach computerworld  
critical point theory and hamiltonian systems j mawhin m willem  1989.0 
cryst . lattice defects amorph . mater f rodriguez m moreno a tressaud jp chaminade  1987.0 
trust and adaptation in relational contracting fl jeffries r reed academy of management review 2000.0 
j.-j . lâ · evy . analysis and caching of dependencies m abadi b lampson proceedings of the 1996 acm sigplan international conference  
balkema-rotterdam-the netherlands w van katwijk s van nederland isbn  
apollo streaks through the workstation market c thames electronic bus  
generating schedules and code within a unified reordering transformation framework university of w kelly w pugh md  
a preliminary report on the application of the strength of client feeling scale-revised : measuring s iwakabe a stalikas n gazzola k rogan fourth european congress of psychology athens  
database description with sdm : a semantic data model m hammer d mcleod acm transactions on database systems  
the theory of joins in databases av aho c beeri jd ullman acm trans . database syst  
erp failures exact high price p dryden computerworld  
lichtman . et neubelt lf mollenauer mj and harvey gt : â ?? demonstration using sliding-frequency & hellip ;  
fabric computing interfaces m orth r post e cooper proceedings of acm  
redundancy m spatial databases ja orenstem proc acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf on the management of data & hellip ;  
fast planning via planning graph analysis a blum m furst procs . of  
oral verus nebulized albuterol in the management of bronchiolitis in egypt . a gadomski g aref o din journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
put your money where your mouth is : a case study jd north new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
adenosine in the local regulation of blood flow : a brief overview rm berne rm knabb sw ely r rubio fed proc 1983.0 
knowledge ` czars ' fall from grace b cole-gomolski computerworld  
resource control for elastic traffic in cdma networks va siris proceedings of acm mobicom 2002 2002.0 
modeling parallel program behaviour in alpes jp kitajima b plateau   
building light-weight wrappers for legacy web data-sources using w4f a sahuguet f azavant vldb 1999.0 
model-based support for business re-engineering [ j ] s jurabek tw ling information and software technology  
providing competence resources for new product development ieeexplore.ieee.org   
the price of e-payment rl scheier   
query processing for high-volume xml message brokering y diao m franklin proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
pathways for repair of topoisomerase i covalent complexes in saccharomyces cerevisiae jj pouliot ca robertson ha nash genes to cells 2001.0 
neural computation of visual motion information in the fly a borst proc . 28th goettingen neurobiology conference  
the general phonetic characteristics of languages ; final report 1967-1968 . p delattre  1968.0 
applications of almost period conpactifications k de leeuw i glicksberg to  
improvement of temporal quality of hmd for rotational motion y yanagida m inami s tachi   
exercise-associated hyponatremia in marathon runners : a two-year experience dp davis js videen a marino gm vilke jv journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
information access for context-aware appliances ( poster session ) gjf jones pj brown proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
haccp for irish beef slaughter dj bolton jj sheridan am doherty isbn  
personal tutoring and academic advice in focus heq council isbn  
dj dewitt . c. turbyfill : benchmarking database systems : a systematic approach d bitton proc . vldb florence  
research issues in web data mining sk madria ss bhowmick wk ng ep lim lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
on the computation of multidimensional aggregates s agarwal r agrawal p deshpande a gupta jf & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ; 1996.0 
learning text editing tasks from examples ih witten dm tels watch what i do : programming by  
bon saying benough already ! [ in sql [ m carey d kossmann acm sigmod conference  
algorithms for scheduling imprecise computations wsl jane kj lin wk shih acs yu c chung j yao ieee computer  
in global positioning system : theory and applications jj spilker jr gpss structure t performance volume i  
the design and implementation of k : a highlevel knowledge-base programming language of osam * ym shyy j arroyo-figueroa syw su h lam kbms &#39; &#39; very large data bases ( vldb ) journal  
updating rephcated data during commumcatlon fmlures bt blaustem cw kaufman proc eleventh internauonal vldb conference stockholm & hellip ;  
andx . ju . staggered striping in multimediainformation systems s berson s ghandeharizadeh r muntz proc . of acm sigmod pages79-60 minnesota usa june  
d. schwartz â ?? neptune : a hypertext system for cad applications â ?? n delis1eandm proc . acmsigmod acm new york  
london : the stationery office t advertising p act isbn  
desktop conversationsâ ?? the future of multimedia conferencing m russ bt technology journal 1997.0 
rating scales for psychopathology health status and quality of life : a compendium on documentation p bech  1993.0 
industrial strength exception freedom r chapman p amey proceedings of acm sigada 2002.0 
heat and x-ray induced inhibition of self-incompatibility in lilium longiflorum je hopper  1970.0 
provided free of charge by the nill/narf boulder co il bulletins   
thermochemical analysis of oxidation and corrosion processes in high temperature fuel cells p singh zg yang 131st tms annual meeting seattle washington feb  
carson mccullers : a map of love jb vickery wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1960.0 
patterns of knowledge generating networks ' ieeexplore.ieee.org   
changing obligations and the psychological contract : a longitudinal study sl robinson ms kraatz dm rousseau the academy of management journal 1994.0 
intralist repetition effects in free recall f zaromb mw howard e dolan yb sirotin a  2004.0 
cladosporium fulvum evades hcr9â ?? 4e-mediated resistance by abolishing avr4e expression or by n westerink b brandwagt p de wit m joosten  2002.0 
carbon nanotubes in electron donor-acceptor nanocomposites dm guldi gma rahman f zerbetto m prato acc . chem . res 2005.0 
consequences of abusive supervision bj tepper academy of management journal 2000.0 
steroids for treating cerebral malaria k prasad p garner cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
on modeling of information retrieval concepts in vector spaces skm wong w ziarko vv raghavan pcn wong acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
and va matusevich lp chernov vv kezyr at .  
ultraviolet colour vision and ornamentation in bluethroats s andersson t amundsen proceedings : biological sciences 1997.0 
chaos and fractals : new frontiers of science ho peitgen  2004.0 
metaphorical mapping consistency via dynamic logic programming ja leite fc pereira a cardoso lm pereira   
the automated will : nonconscious activation and pursuit of behavioral goals ja bargh pm gollwitzer a lee-chai k barndollar journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
artical shes : physics locomotion perception behavior x tu d terzopoulos proc . acm siggraph  
a new c-band 50 mw class sic rf load ss win h matsumoto t kek jm yoshida j tokyo   
rice tt chang see ref  
psychology and the american ideal ee sampson journal of personality and social psychology 1977.0 
precise and efficient static array bound checking for large embedded c programs a venet g brat   
understanding : a taxonomy and performance factors . melville ti ã?ren d. thiel proceedings of foodsim  
s. jablonski . 1995 . policy resolution for workflow management c bussler proc . 28th hawaii internat . conf . system  
periodic solutions of toda lattice in loop nonlinear transmission line '' gj ballantyne pt gough dp taylor electronic letters 1993.0 
the book of indian mammals : bombay natural history society sh prater bombay india  
clinical biochemistry of domestic animals 4th ed : academic press jj kaneko san diego california  
cosmic-ray modulation and the structure of the heliospheric magnetic field j kota jr jokipii proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf 1999.0 
nh mcc lamroch and m. reyhanoglu â ?? controllability and stabilizability properties of a nonholonomic am bloch proc . 29th ieee  
the heritability of fluctuating asymmetry and the genetic control of developmental stability m whitlock proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
a maximum likelihood model for topic classification of broadcast news r schwartz t imai f kubala l nguyen j makhoul proc . eurospeech  
shortcomings of research on evaluating and improving teaching in higher education r menges new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
hector garcia-molina department of computer science princeton university princeton nj 08544 bruce d databases sigmod record 1990.0 
comaâ ?? a system for flexible combination of match algorithms hh do e rahm  2002.0 
andj . j. garcia-luna-aceves . the case for reliable concurrent multicasting using sharedack trees bn levine d lavo proc . acm  
sch ummer j. kirchner l. and haake j. designing object-oriented synchronours groupware with c schuckmann proceedings of acm  
the development of sexual identity k edwards ak brooks new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
avatars and agents or life among the indigenous peoples of cyberspace a goldberg acm press siggraph series 1998.0 
what the academic librarian wants from administrators and faculty . wa moffett new directions for higher education 1982.0 
the hmong culture : kinship marriage & family systems t moua  2003.0 
march 16 2000 united states forest service baker ranger district telephone conversation j waldo ecology and environment inc. seattle  
some statistics concerning the disturbance lines of west africa gop obasi unpublished manuscript  
key agreement protocols and their security analysis s blake-wilson d johnson a menezes lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
extending the relational database model to capture more meaning ef codd acm transactions on database systems  
standards for intelligent networks rm stretch pm adams bt technology journal 2005.0 
en varian hr ( 1999 ) information rules c shapiro a strategie guide to the network  
distributed data bases ; a summary of research m deppe jp fry computer networks  
an end-to-end communication architecture for collaborative virtual environments s shirmohammadi nd georganas computer networks 2001.0 
transposition of a plasmid dna sequence which mediates ampicillin resistance : general description f heffron c rubens s falkow see berg  
parallelism and concurrency control performance in distributed database machines mj carey m livny   
soil nutrient bioavailability : a mechanistic approach sa barber  1995.0 
building and supporting a large-scale collaborative virtual environment a steed e frã © con submitted for  
a framework for argumentation-based negotiation c sierra nr jennings p noriega s parsons lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
performance analysis of an enhanced pcm thermal control unit em alawadhi ch amon   
a predicate-based caching scheme for client-server database architectures the vldb journal am keller j basu   
associate of science in nursing and advanced placement entry associate of arts -- â ?? college transfer s year at  
individual differences in need for cognitive closure dm webster aw kruglanski journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
november 2002 â ?? f times microsoft makes  
a place in history : genealogy jewish identity modernity re fisher  1999.0 
crosscorrelation properties of pseudorandom and related sequences dv sarwate mb pursley proc . ieee  
the use of integrated remotely sensed and gis data to determine causes of vegetation cover change in s ringrose c vanderpost w matheson applied geography 1996.0 
fql-a funo tional query language p buneman re frankei proc acm sigmod int conf management of data boston mass  
342/hr 759 . s. 342 was later referred to the senate on environment and public works while hr 759 s see   
land degradation state power and peasant livelihood in attappadi ( kerala state india ) wr hoeschele geography  
an evaluation of earcons for use in auditory human-computer interfaces sa brewster pc wright adn edwards proceedings of interchi 1993.0 
field and laboratory experiments with iridaea cordata ( florideophyceae ) grown on nylon netting tf mumford jr proc . int . seaweed symp  
soft selection in random global adaptation in rna biocybernetic model of development r galar  1990.0 
the past present and future of web services part 1 u ogbuji   
concatenate reverse and map vanish for free j voigtlander   
a family therapy approach to the treatment of drug abuse and addiction r hirsch j imhof unpublished  
the lotus notes storage system k moore proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
on porous bodies in relation to sound l rayleigh phil . mag  
stochastic time-optimal control problems w zhang   
reconstruction procedure for identifying cracks m ikehata g nakamura submitted for  
defects in electron-irradiated germanium ca ferreira-lima a howie phil . mag  
obtaining of pest resistant cotton by transforming mediated agrobacterium . new fron-tiers in cotton w wang z zhu cy deng  1998.0 
benchmarking spatial join operations with spatial output . 606-618 eg hoel h samet  1995.0 
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource bt technology journal s garrett d sheat bt technology journal 2002.0 
extending object-oriented analysis to explore alternatives j mylopoulos l chung s liao h wang e yu submitted for publication  
direct measurement of localized joule heating in silicon devices by means of newly developed high a yasuda h yamaguchi y tanabe n owada s proc . int . rel 1991.0 
the implementation of etude an integrated and interactive document production system m hammer r ilson t anderson m good s schoichet  1981.0 
effects of cultural conditions on phosphate accumulation and release by acinetobacter strain 210a jw van groenestijn mh deinema proceedings of the international conference on management & hellip ;  
hiroyuki kitagaw a and nobuo ohbo â ?? evaluation of signature files as set access facilities in y ishikawa proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of  
birn-m : a semantic mediator for solving real-world neuroscience problems a gupta me martone sigmod conference 2003.0 
predictive control with gaussian process models j kocijan r murray-smith ce rasmussen b likar submitted for publication 2003.0 
towards a formulation of data reorganization jp fry d jeris proc . 2974 acm/sigmod workshop on data description access  
cholinesterase inhibitors for dementia with lewy bodies r wild t pettit a burns cochrane database syst . rev 2003.0 
angry adolescents who worry about becoming violent me silver tm field ce sanders m diego adolescence-san diego - 2000.0 
the vusystem : a programming system for visual processing of digital video c lindblad d wetherall d tennenhouse proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
bendiksen 0 . o. '' nonlinear aspect of the transonic aeroelastic stability problem '' ka kousen proc . aiaaiasmeiasceiahs 29th sdm conf. williamsburg  
the multiplicative effects of context switching congruity predictability and dominance in speeded n sriram i lee submitted for publication.  
the future of ethics in evaluation : developing the dialogue dl newman new directions for program evaluation 1995.0 
molecular mechanism of a cross-talk between oestrogen and growth factor signalling pathways s kato y masuhiro m watanabe y kobayashi k genes to cells 2000.0 
how to construct optimal one-time signatures k bicakci g tsudik b tung computer networks 2003.0 
maintaining views incrementally a gupta   
plasma process . polym l baars-hibbe p sichler c schrader kh gericke  2004.0 
variation in behavior perception and ability attribution d newtson rj rindner journal of personality and social psychology  
acm oopsla workshop on domain-specific visual languages jp tolvanen j gray s kelly   
roadside barrier testing rh grzebietaâ ? ¦ at icrash  
train-to-train impact test : occupant protection experiments d tyrell j zolock c vaningen-dunn   
â ?? parallel demand-driven evaluation of logic networks pe dunne cj gittings ph leng proc . 28th annual allerton conf . on communication control & hellip ;  
in the information age p anastasiades aa livanis editions athens greece  
private communication univ aw guy washington seattle  
emotions and contentious politics r aminzade d mcadam mobilization-san diego - 2002.0 
many lives to lead : the adult professional 's quest jb francis new directions for adult and continuing education  
vi-4 countermobility tasks vi-9 gce vi-3 explosive ordnance disposal ace engineer   
annealing of point defects in quenched nial je eibner hj engell h schultz h jacobi g phil . mag. 1975.0 
natural rubber latex allergy : spectrum diagnostic approach and therapy ja woods s lambert tae platts-mills db drake journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
state feedback sliding mode control of a class of uncertain time delay systems n luo m de la sen   
gangsta rap and adult education tc guy new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
a functional form of chungâ ?? s law of the iterated logarithm for maximum absolute partial sums m wichura unpublished manuscript  
analytical placement : a linear or a quadratic objective function j kleinhans g sigl f johannes k antreich proc . 28th acm/ieee design automation conference  
will wright on the secret of sims ca mangis pc magazine  
a simple lnre model for random character sequences s evert   
ode as an active database : constraints and rules n gehani h jagadish proceedings of the 17th international conference on vldb & hellip ;  
option pricing with infinitely divisible returns n schumacher  1997.0 
extending the transaction model to capture more meaning m rusinkiewicz ak elmagarmid y leu sigmod record 1990.0 
organizational learning and diversification jm pennings h barkema s douma the academy of management journal 1994.0 
statistical equilibrium with special reference to the mechanism of ionisation by electronic impacts rh fowler phil . mag  
applying the model to a variety of adult learning situations . ds bassett l jackson new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
content version 4.0 [ s ] ddk winnt   
texcp : responsive yet stable traffic engineering s kandula d katabi proc . acm sigcomm  
mdx-mac and building fast macs from hash functions b preneel pc van oorschot lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
when do women use aid to families with dependent children and food stamps ? the dynamics of rm blank p ruggles the journal of human resources 1996.0 
effective & efficient document ranking without using a large lexicon y ogawa proceedings of the 22th international conference on very & hellip ; 1996.0 
web services ( industrial session ) f cabrera   
the relationship closeness inventory : assessing the closeness of interpersonal relationships e berscheid m snyder am omoto journal of personality and social psychology  
mapping the internet w cheswick h burch ieee computer  
big five factors and facets and the prediction of behavior sv paunonen mc ashton journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
software for audiophiles : four music appreciation packages r kendall pc magazine 1993.0 
cemented versus noncemented total hip arthroplasty-embolism hemodynamics and intrapulmonary mh ereth jg weber md abel rl lennon mayo clinic proceedings 1992.0 
area-delay optimizationof programmablelogic arrays d marple ae gamal technical report stanford university sept. .  
valuing it through virtual process measurement me nissen   
kek c-band rf-system r & d status for linear collider h matsumoto ss win kek shigeru takeda t japan   
recipes for head tissue simulating liquids a note  2002.0 
wmdb . * : rights protection for numeric relational data ra sion ms prabhakar data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
differentiabilite optimale et contre-exemples a la fermeture en topologie c inf des orbites mr herman s. i  
putting theory to practice and practice to theory hkm baskett vv marsick rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
phylogenetic consequences of cytoplasmic gene flow in plants lh rieseberg  1991.0 
the influence of people on the dune vegetation at coal oil point reserve santa barbara county cl boyce master &#39; s thesis university of california santa barbara  
performance analysis of recovery techniques a reuter acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1984.0 
silicon carbide mems for harsh environments m mehregany ca zorman n rajah ch wu proceedings-ieee 1998.0 
integration of geographic information systems and simulation model for watershed management c he environmental modelling & software 2003.0 
advances in public-key certificate standards w ford acm sigsac review 1995.0 
chain : operator scheduling for memory minimization in stream systems b brian b shivnath d mayur m rajeev proceedings international conference on management of data & hellip ;  
congressman says data mining could have prevented 9-11 d verton computerworld  
g. gibson and rh . katz â ?? a case of redundant arrays of inexpensive disk ( p. aid ) â ?? d patterson acm international conference of management of data  
reasoning about keys for xml p buneman s davidson w fan c hara wc tan lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
weinrib . the datacycle architecture for very high throughput database systems g herman g gopal k lee proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
putting adult education philosophies into practice . p mulcrone new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
towards a multimedia world-wide web information retrieval engine s mukherjea k hirata y hara www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
scientific data repositories : designing for a moving target e stolte c praun g alonso tr gross sigmod conference 2003.0 
workflow history management . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
learning to filter spam e-mail : a comparison of a naive bayesian and a memory-based approach i androutsopoulosâ ? ¦   
operations data bases j bradley vldb 1978.0 
hardcore visual basic b mckinney  1997.0 
automatically deriving odes from process algebra models of signalling pathways m calder s gilmore j hillston submitted for publication 2005.0 
co-opting the future jc dvorak pc magazine  
h-trees : a dynamic associative search index for oodb . cc low bc ooi h lu   
is the glycolytic flux in lactococcus lactis primarily controlled by the redox charge ? kinetics of ar neves r ventura n mansour c shearman mj  2002.0 
decentralizing execution of composite web services mg nanda s chandra v sarkar   
characterization of legume and grass residues following in vitro and in sacco ruminal digestion djr cherney jh cherney ah davidson proc . int . grassl . congr  
sociotechnical theory : an alternative framework for evaluation j farley new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
extending the reach of business processes d chakraborty h lei   
sting : a statistical information grid approach to spatial data mining . in : proc . 23rd int . conf . on w wang  1997.0 
ec of the european parliament and of the council concerning the sixth framework programme of the d no technological development and demonstration activities & hellip ;  
integral : petri net approach to distributed software development ck chang yf chang cc song m aoyama information and software technology 1989.0 
translating and optimizing sql queries having aggregates g von boltingsloewen  1987.0 
amicalola report : database and information system research challenges and opportunities in semantic a sheth r meersman  2002.0 
on semantic issues connected with incomplete information databases w lipski acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
case based reasoning s kesh journal of systems management 1995.0 
real-time voice communication over the internet using packet path diversity yj liang eg steinbach b girod   
a formai modei of trade-offs between execution and optimization costs in semantic query optimization js shekhar s dutta intl conf on very large databases ( vldb ) ( reprinted in nhjdke & hellip ;  
wear and read wear wc hill jd hollan d wroblewski t mccandless proceedings of acm sigchi  
daisy : a simulationâ ?? based highâ ?? level synthesis tool for modulators k francken p vancorenland g gielen proceedings ieee/acm international conference on computerâ ??  
improved performance guarantees for bandwidth minimization heuristics u feige r krauthgamer unpublished manuscript  
schneider r seeger b. the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n berkmann k hp proc . of the acm sigmod conf . atlantic  
dendritic cell biology and regulation of dendritic cell trafficking by chemokines c caux s ait-yahia k chemin o de bouteiller mc springer seminars in immunopathology 2000.0 
frequency and clinical implications of increased pulmonary artery pressures in liver transplant m castro mj krowka dr schroeder kc beck dj mayo clinic proceedings 1996.0 
maintaining views incremently h gupta is mumick vs subrahmanian acm sigmod int . conference on management of data washington & hellip ;  
efficient peer-to-peer keyword searching p reynolds a vahdat lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
clustering using the contrast model dj navarro md lee   
jc â ?? a rule-based view of query optimieation â ?? â ?? f freytag proc . acm szgmod  
realtime gesture-speech human interface on notebook size personal computer r oka h takahashi t mukai t nishimura t endo aaai-98 intelligent system demonstration madison  
experiments with bottom-up computation of sparse and iceberg cubes s greve  2000.0 
3d scene reconstruction from uncalibrated images u topay  2002.0 
partitioned garbage collection of a large object store u maheshwari b liskov   
the international r & d location choices of us multinationals s feinberg   
more is not better : brood size and population growth in a self-fertilizing nematode j hodgkin tm barnes proceedings : biological sciences 1991.0 
lagrangean relaxation and constraint generation procedures for capacitated plant location problems j barcelo ã ? hallefjord e fernandez k jã ¶ rnsten or spectrum 1990.0 
how does academic achievement come about : cross-cultural and methodological notes je nurmi k aunola international journal of educational research 2001.0 
measurement and assessment in teaching ( eighth edition ) / prentice-hall inc rl linn ne gronlund  2000.0 
neofields lj paige  1947.0 
effects of trust and governance on relational risk b nooteboom h berger ng noorderhaven the academy of management journal 1997.0 
approaches to lexical semantic representation b levin unpublished manuscript  
the rotational structure of the nu ( sub 6 ) vibration band of ch 3 i ( abstract only ) s alanko r paso proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
the unwinding number rm corless dj jeffrey acm sigsam bulletin 1996.0 
interview n myhrvold pc magazine  
bracing the millennium h rubin ieee computer  
a case for redundant arrays of inâ ?? expensive disks ( raid ) da patterson g gibson rh katz proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
why culture is common but cultural evolution is rare r boyd pj richerson proceedings-british academy 1996.0 
employee participation : diverse forms and different outcomes jl cotton da vollrath kl froggatt ml lengnick - the academy of management review 1988.0 
localizer : a modeling language for local search l michel p van hentenryck lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
report on malaria in bombay [ m ] ca bentley  1911.0 
an authorization system for digital libraries e ferrari nr adam v atluri e bertino u the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2002.0 
an optimal and progressive algorithm for skyline queries d papadias y tao g fu b seeger sigmod conference 2003.0 
finding salient features for personal web page categories mr wulfekuhler wfp iii www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
microsoft excel version 2002 inside out m dodge  2001.0 
drosophila p element transposase acts as a transcriptional repressor in vitro pk kaufman dc rio  1990.0 
donepezil for dementia due to alzheimerâ ?? s disease js birks r harvey cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
the '' normality '' of snopesism : universal themes in faulkner 's '' the hamlet '' j gold wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1962.0 
an ultrahigh rate digital tape recorder for spacecraft applications cr thompson rj treadwell c powell & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
a non-hierarchical procedure for re-synthesis of complex textures p harrison   
information access for all dh rothman computerworld  
using the instructional budget to maintain quality . ca young new directions for higher education 1984.0 
f-logic : a higher-order language for reasoning about objects inheritance and scheme proc . acm m kifer g lausen conference on management of  
a study of the nature of the attractant emitted by the asteroid hosts of the commensal polychaete wc stewart  1970.0 
some theorems about formal functions g faltings to  
a new method for the random generation of context sensitive compiler test programs nj sanders msc thesis computer science department auckland university (  
an information-theoretic approach to data mining m last o maimon submitted to publication 1999.0 
improving interactional organizational research : a model of person-organization fit ja chatman the academy of management review 1989.0 
on a class of anticommutative algebras en kuz ` min algebra i  
postnatal phenobarbitone for the prevention of intraventricular hemorrhage in preterm infants a whitelaw cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
swap meet c metz pc magazine march 2002.0 
note on the expected size of a join a rosenthal sigmod record 1981.0 
vulnerability of wireless routing protocols q lu   
on optimistic concurrency control methods ht kung jt robinson acm trans . database syst  
nfrs-aware architectural evolution of component-based software c tibermacine r fleurquin s sadou proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
manage my inventory or else ! m betts computerworld  
a unified approach to conjugate gradient algorithms for solving nonsymmetric linear systems h sadok   
an invertible coniferous forest canopy reflectance model x li ma thesis university of california santa barbara  
radar reflectivity gradients in hail echoes w schmid a waldvogel p beaud conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
variations in efficiency of nitrogen utilization in tomatoes ( lycopersicon esculentum mill . ) grown j o & apos sullivan  1973.0 
operationalizing the thematic strands of social studies for young learners dm krey social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
life cycles and population fluctuations of aphids on citrus s komazaki proc . int . soc . citric  
this changing world : hong kong c speak geography  
report on l irst international workshop on real-time database systems s son sigmod record 1996.0 
a scorm-compliant content repository management system for teachers at primary & secondary school jt yang cy tsai proceedings of icalt2003 . athens : greece  
genetic algorithms and hopfield neural networks for solving combinatorial problems j balicki a stateczny b zak applied mathematics and computer science 1997.0 
cyclops : in situ image sensing and interpretation in wireless sensor networks m rahimi r baer   
determining text databases to search in the internet w meng kl liu ct yu x wang y chang n rishe proceedings of the 24rd international conference on very & hellip ; 1998.0 
pos disambiguation and partial parsing : bidirectional interaction m marimon p porta proceedings of lrec { 2000 athens greece  
self-injurious behav - penn jv esposito cl schaeffer le fritz gk & spirito a. ( 2003 ) s herpertz suicide at  
bayesian clustering by dynamics p sebastiani p cohen machine  
simphonyâ ?? a voice communication tool for distributed workgroups v lakshmipathy c schmandt bt technology journal 2004.0 
welfare time limits : an interim report card d bloom   
psychotherapy for bulimia nervosa and binging pj hay j bacaltchuk cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
combinatorial auctions y shoham   
data mining using two-dimensional optimized association rules for numeric data : scheme algorithms t fukuda y morimoto s morishita t tokuyama proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
efficient algorithm for bcnf-decomposition wy lin information and software technology 1992.0 
predictors of management success in growing businesses s murray m brandt t van susteren proceedings of the 25 theuropean small business seminar  
feature interaction in policies s reiff-marganiec kj turner computer networks 2004.0 
schallwellen in langen rã ¶ hrenknochen : eine methode zur bestimmung von biegesteifigkeit und h bischof zurich ( switzerland ) : university of zurich  
projectively invariant symbol map and cohomology of vector fields lie algebras intervening in pba lecomte v ovsienko   
more on family presence during resuscitation c osuagwu journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
the use of financial self-assessment in the accreditation process . wt haywood new directions for higher education 1982.0 
second memoir on quaternionic relativity l silberstein phil . mag  
multiresolution terrain database visualization k xu   
estimation of social value from willingness-to-pay data dl mc fadden unpublished manuscript  
the stanford dash multiprocessor j laudon d lenoskiâ ? ¦ ieee computer  
the 1990 solar eclipse as seen by a torsion pendulum ( abstract only ) k ullakko y liu z xie oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
software pipeliningof loopswith conditionalbranches '' mgscg lee proc . 29th ann . int &#39; l symp . on  
building understandings in literacy and teaching ( cd-rom ) k love k pigdon g baker the university of melbourne . demonstration at  
an integrated model for impact analysis of software change h basson software quality management-international conference - 1998.0 
on the cyclic to acyclic scheme transformation and solving cyclic queries zm ozsoyoglu e choukhmane proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
localization of grasp representations in humans by positron emission tomography st grafton ma arbib l fadiga g rizzolatti experimental brain research 1996.0 
electronic service markets m merz   
analysis of variations in diesel engine idle vibration m ajovalasit j giacomin   
relationship of life stress and body consciousness to hypervigilant decision making jg baradell k klein journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
humana press p proteins cbp protocols p chapter  1994.0 
development of viral resistance in insect populations dt briese jd podgwaite see ref  
the new reporters : students rate instruction . rj menges new directions for higher education 1973.0 
the host-mediated assay a practical procedure for evaluating potential mutagenic agents in mammals ms legator hv malling see ref  
mj maher separability of poyhedra for optimal filtering of spatial and constraint data a brodsky c lassez jl lassez proc . acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles of & hellip ;  
electrical stimulation of the medial prefrontal cortex increases dopamine release in the striatum mt taber hc fibiger neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
collaborative commerce s alexander   
agricultural biotechnology : implications for food security v santaniello proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference of & hellip ;  
a fair deterministic packet access protocol : f-rama ( fair resource assignment multiple access ala pinheiro jrb de marca electronic letters 1996.0 
an ethnographic methodology for design process analysis . < i > proceedings of the 12th international mk stacey cm eckert technical university of munich  
p-karaoke : personalized karaoke system hua xian-sheng l lu hj zhang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
farm labor and the evolution of food production b bronson see ref  
pre-operative endometrial thinning agents before endometrial destruction for heavy menstrual mc sowter a lethaby aa singla cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
andangelasgori . 1992 . activelearning : perspectives on learning that leads to personal development la cavaliere new directions for adult and continuing  
smarxo : towards secured multimedia applications by adopting rbac xml and object-relational database sc chen ml shyu n zhao proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
examining the effects of urbanization on streams using indicators of geomorphic stability mw doyle jm harbor cf rich a spacie physical geography 2000.0 
analysis of esophageal ph-recordings for reflux disease ( abstract only ) l patomaki p vainio e lansimies k jarvinen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the advanced theory of statistics ( hafner new york 1963 ) mg kendall a stuart vol .  
enterprise objects framework : a second generation object-relational enabler c kleissner proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
regulation of the activity of the transcription factor runx2 by two homeobox proteins msx2 and dlx5 k shirakabe k terasawa k miyama h shibuya e genes to cells 2001.0 
full text pdf format pdf ( 13 kb ) source the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large mt ã?zsu s christodoulakis the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
a spray model for an adaptive mesh refinement code sd bauman  2001.0 
1994 . multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkho hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
heterogeneous knowledge based systems and situational awareness d rochowiak l interrante d. rochowiak and l. interrante ) . in proceedings of aaai &#39; 91 & hellip ;  
wan and aj elliot s jk acc . chem . res  
control and collaboration : paradoxes of governance c sundaramurthy m lewis academy of management review 2003.0 
percutaneous transperineal cryosurgery of the prostate as salvage therapy for post radiation rj miller jr jk cohen b shuman la merlotti   
handbuch des fachsprachenunterrichts narr tã 1/4 bingen 2000 r buhlmann a fearns   
conflict detection replicated data mj carey m livny acm transactions on database systems 1991.0 
specification and implementation of resilient atomic data types b liskov w weihl manuscript mit laboratory of computer sciences  
heap compression for memory-constrained java environment g chen m kandemir n vijaykrishnan mj irwin b   
l. wang theconcept ofrelevanttimescales andits applicationtoqueuing analysis of self-similartrac al neidhardt andj proc . acm  
aqr-toolkit : an adaptive query routing middleware for distributed data intensive systems l liu c pu d buttler w han h paques w tang proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2000.0 
gis and urban studies : positivism post-positivism and beyond dz sui urban geography 1994.0 
mindreader : querying databases through y ishikawa r subramanya ps center c faloutsos   
on using the ad-hoc network model in wireless packet data networks hy hsieh r sivakumar proceedings of acm mobihoc  
read-only transactions in a distributed database gm hector w gio acm transactions on database systems  
dce extending practical pre-aggregation in on-line analytical processing tb pedersen cs jensen proceedings of the 25th international conference on very  
microsoft ; the windows interface guidelines for software design p hall  1995.0 
analyzing your options j seymour pc magazine september  
organizational downsizing h kang  1999.0 
it 's global itinerary : offshore outsourcing is inevitable j king computerworld  
splints/orthoses in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis m egan l brosseau m farmer ma ouimet s rees g cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
exterior differential systems rl bryantâ ? ¦  1991.0 
how infants begin to extract words from speech pw jusczyk   
a practical guide to the smartphone application security and code signing model for developers j pratt microsoft  
relative information capacity of simple relational database schemata r hull proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
unpubl results . l lif guilliat and nh brext f freund phil . mag  
migrate documentation and program part of lamarc 0.9 p beerli  1997.0 
migration of college and university students in the united states . cs gossman  1967.0 
directions for future database research & development w kim acm sigmod record 1990.0 
cultural considerations for evaluation consulting in the egyptian context fm seefeldt new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
individual differences in sociosexuality : evidence for convergent and discriminant validity ja simpson sw gangestad journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
consistency for elimination of covert channels in real-time secure transaction processing systems n kim s moon y sohn journal of research and practice in information technology 2004.0 
verifying et-lotos programs with kronos c daws a olivero s yovine   
synthestzmg 3nf rela-uons from funcuonal dependem ~ es pa be bemstem acm tods dec  
seasonal aerial survey of kelp beds in southern california mr mel proceedings fall asp/acsm convention seattle washington  
database research at the university of oklahoma lb le gruenwald r dirckze s guinepain c sanchez sigmod record 1999.0 
packet classification using multidimensional cutting f baboescu g varghese proc . acm sigcomm  
readers rate the web m miller pc  
framework adaption via active cockbooks and framework construction via relations w pree  1994.0 
aladdin the 1024x1024 insb array : test results am fowler proceedings spie 1995.0 
a research-across-the-curriculum movement mr malachowski new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
aspect : a formal spectjlcation language for detecting bugs d jackson mit/lcsitr -543 mit laboratory for computer science june  
symbolic strategy for games on pushdown graphs t cachat proc . of 29th icalp lncs  
personal conversion and open project files pa burdette walkersville md. : monocacy watershed project demonstration & hellip ;  
the urban hierarchy in england and wales ae smailes geography  
the structure of metastable precipitates formed during aging of an al-mg-si alloy mh jacobs phil . mag. 1972.0 
locally weighted learning [ j ] ga christopher wm andrew s stefan artificial intelligence review  
architectural innovation and modular corporate forms dc galunic km eisenhardt academy of management journal 2001.0 
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us s davies bt technology journal 2000.0 
government web pages : the lights are on but nobody is home j johnson electronic library 1996.0 
taking chiral induction into the nanometre regime : chiral teleinduction in the synthesis of poly ( db amabilino jl serrano t sierra j veciana acc . chem . res 2000.0 
cooperative transaction hierarchies : transaction support for design applications mh nodine sb zdonik the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
pastoral production territorial organisation and kinship in segmentary lineage societies p bonte see ref  
thinning operator for continuous query language over data streams l ma w nutt   
multi-phase redistribution : a communication-efficient approach to array redistribution sd kaushik ch huang j ramanujam p sadayappan submitted for  
neural basis of elementary behavior in stick insects u bã $ ssler   
microtubule assembly in vitro gg borisy jb olmsted jm marcum c allen fed proc 1974.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?pseudo - maximum likelihood estimation of digital sequences in the presence of intersymbol hr sadjadpour cl weber proc . 28th annu . asilomar conf . signals systems and & hellip ;  
openpm : an enterprise business process flow management system m shan acmsigmodint . conf . management of data industrialsession & hellip ;  
blocking of mechanosensitivity in hydrozoan nematocytes by a monoclonal antibody p lawonn r golz u thurm proceedings of the 23rd gã ¶ ttingen neurobiology conference . & hellip ;  
compiler . 1998 . glossary of aquatic habitat inventory terminology . american fisheries society . nb armantrout   
fatal spontaneous rupture of a gravid uterus : case report and literature review of uterine rupture s suner l jagminas jf peipert j linakis journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
modeling of laser-induced breakdown in dielectrics with subpicosecond pulses t apostolova y hahn proceedings of  
network cartographer g mansfield k jayanthi t ika k ohta y nemoto proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
medians and beyond : new aggregation techniques for sensor networks n shrivastava c buragohain d agrawal s suri   
stochastic processes e parzen   
splitting the baby in two : how to solve solomon 's dilemma when agents are boundedly rational g ponti   
on the complexity of join queries m gyssens acm transactions on database systems  
zezulap ( 1997 ) m-tree : anefficientaccess methodforsimilaritysearchinmetricspaces pm ciacciap proc . 23rd international conference on very large data bases  
burrows and wobber . authentication in distributed systems : theory and practice a lampson proceedings thirteenth acm sosp  
zahlenwerten und funktionen h landolt r bornstein vol . i  
evaluation of database recursive logic programs as recurrent function series portal.acm.org   
optimal clip ordering for multi-clip queries p shum  1996.0 
acm multimedia interactive art program : an introduction to the digital boundaries exhibition a jaimes p jennings proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
fine-grained sharing in page server database systems m carey m franklin m zaharioudakis proc . acm sigmod conf  
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ä ¿ ? è ¿ ? æ ² '' ç ?? å ® ? ç ? ¨ æ ?? å ?? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # tiger drs seattle washington usa  
protecting privacy in remote-patient monitoring a kara   
approximation theorems of mathematical statistics rj serfling  1980.0 
joyce 's '' ulysses '' and whitman 's '' self '' : a query d summerhayes wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
a generic fault tolerant architecture for real-time dependable systems . 2001 : kluwer academic d powell   
virtual hashing : a dynamically changing hashing w litwin vldb 1978.0 
usur halici pt method sigmod record 1987.0 
kinetics of the acid catalyzed conversion of xylose to furfural df root  1956.0 
processes and kinetics of defluoridation of drinking water using bone char h bregnhð $ j lyngby : technical university of denmark  
a study of index structures for main memory database management systems tj lehman mj carey vldb 1986.0 
charles e. campbell andrew eisenberg and jim melton xml schema acm sigmod record  
subject : a directory driven system for organizing and accessing large statistical databases p chan a shoshani vldb 1981.0 
data base research at berkeley m stonebraker sigmod record 1990.0 
early bare stems in an agglutinative language n batman-ratyosyan k stromswold proceedings of the 25 thannual boston university conference & hellip ;  
tourism as a community industry : an ecological model of tourism development pe murphy tourism management  
the sequoia 2000 storage benchmark m stonebraker j frew k gardels j meredith sigmod record 1993.0 
neural networks in software cost estimation j hakkarainen p laamanen r rask proc 26th hawaii int . conf . on system sciences wailea hi  
context-aware communication with live contacts gh ter hofte raa otte hcj kruse m snijders   
publish/subscribe on the web at extreme speed f oise fabret i rocquencourt f ois llirbat j ao   
power point para windows 95 para leigos . sã # o paulo : berkeley brasil 1997 . 329p. : il . 1 exemplar d lowe microsoft  
dressing animated complex clothes m carignan y yang n magnenat-thalmann d proc . of acm  
a case management system : three views of an application jg malkin bf anderson proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1978.0 
mixed systems : combining physical and digital worlds l nigay e dubois p renevier l pasqualetti j proc . hci int  
an analysis of rule coverage as a criterion in generating minimal test suites for grammar-based m hennessy jf power proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
real-time environmental applications and display system ( ready ) website ( h ttp : / / www . arl . noaa . gov gd rolph md  
optimization in radiation treatment planning j lim  2002.0 
building new partnerships for employment : collaboration among agencies and public housing residents ly kato ja riccio  2001.0 
large classes and learning . c knapper new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
guest editorial p aplin   
the neuronal system of the saccus vasculosus of trout ( salmo trutta fario and oncorhynchus mykiss ) : j yã ¡ ã ± ez m rodrãguez s pã © rez f adrio i cell and tissue research 1997.0 
responding to institutional concerns and faculty needs . cmn mehrotra new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
advances in modeling and engineering of long-range dependent traffic m devetsikiotis nlsd fonseca computer networks 2002.0 
an area-efficient standard-cell floating-point unit design for a processing-in-memory system js moon tj kwon j sondeen j draper   
efficient support of delay and rate guarantees l georgiadis r guerin v peris r rajan acm sigcomm  
evaluation of process tools in systems analysis n gorla hc pu wo rom information and software technology 1995.0 
concurrency in operating systems jw atwood ieee computer  
contexts : a formalization and some applications 12 rv guha  1991.0 
blueprint for school retention in the middle grades k sherwood  1987.0 
plasma power source based on a catalytic reaction of atomic hydrogen rl mills p ray b dhandapani j dong s hicks m   
phylip ( phylogeny inference package ) university of washington j felsenstein seattle washington  
pedagogy of the oppressed p freire   
metastasis related genes and malignancy in human esophageal gastric and colorectal cancers e tahara h kuniyasu h nakayama w yasui h gan to kagaku ryoho 1993.0 
towards human-centred intelligent systemsâ ?? the intelligent assistant d djian n azarmi b azvine kc tsui w wobcke bt technology journal 2000.0 
on the correctness of representing extended er structures in the relational model '' vm markowitz a soshani proc . of the acm sigmod conf  
design chirality and flexibility in nanoporous molecule-based materials d bradshaw jb claridge ej cussen tj prior mj acc . chem . res 2005.0 
biochemical tests for cultivar identification sr draper rj cooke international seed testing association zurich switzerland  
design patterns for component-oriented development r karl proceedings of the 25 theuromicro conference ieee  
youth dropouts : lessons for implementing experiments within jtpa . p auspos g cave b goldman new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
threonine558 phosphorylation activates f-actin binding of moesin in human platelets f nakamura l huang mra amieva k pestonjamasp  1998.0 
estimating the selectivity of xml path expressions for internet scale applications pj masche s presentation   
reilly . designing microsoft asp . net application [ m ] j douglas  2002.0 
substrate interactions with the nitrogenase active site . pc dos santos ry igarashi hi lee bm hoffman lc acc . chem . res 2005.0 
supervised versus unsupervised binary-learning by feedforward neural networks n japkowicz machine learning 2001.0 
sediment acoustics rd stollâ ? ¦  1989.0 
the impact and value of tree improvement in the south d todd j pait j hodges proceedings of the 23rd so . forest tree improvement conf  
automatic crowd scene generation j vercher-amiguet electronic imaging  
s. 1981 d falconer introduction to quantitative  
the corporate memory concept s adams electronic library 1995.0 
support vector clustering a ben-hur d horn ht siegelmann v vapnik journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
du tiroir ã lâ ?? ã © cran : les opã © rations de conversion rã © trospective de la bibliothã ¨ que nationale m beaudiquez am beaugendre   
efficient and effective cluster method for spatial data mining r ng j han proceedings of the 20th international conference of very & hellip ;  
a classifier for semi-structured documents j yi n sundaresan   
multiple diversity with nonindependent fading jn pierce s stein proc . ire  
pattern recognition and neural networks s theodoridis k koutroumbas   
food safety the media and the information market j swinnen j mccluskey n francken   
executive coaching as a transfer of training tool : effects on productivity in a public agency . g olivero kd bane re kopelman public personnel management 1997.0 
joyce cary : at the beginning and in mid-career em kerr wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
lost and found in cyberspace : informational privacy in the age of the internet se gindin san diego law review 1997.0 
properties of pourous silicon . emis datareviews series no. 18 1997 l canham   
the ems revolution ( a survey of electronic message systems ) rr panko   
a. bansal c. leangsuksun c. asthagiri masc : an associative computing paradigm jpjbs scott ieee computer  
ã ? . bã © jar r. muro-medrano pr ( 2003 ) . distributed access to a hydrological administrative m latre proceedings 9 thec-gi & gis workshop esdi june 25-27 2003 a  
urban . an approach to the classification of domain models in support of analogical reuse ch lung e joseph proc . acm  
modeling random early detection in a differentiated services network aa abouzeid s roy computer networks 2002.0 
detecting group activities using rigidity of formation sm khan m shah proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
coral reefs : the last two million years dr stoddart geography  
active databases as a paradign for enhanced computing environments m mo morgenstern proc . conference on very large  
boundary integral equation analysis for a class of earth-structure interaction problems fj rizzo dj shippy m rezayat final report to  
generalized expectancy life experience and adaptation to marine corps recruit training ( arâ ?? 002 ) tm cook rw novaco ig sarason seattle : university of washington  
load curves : support for rate-based congestion control in high-speed datagram networks cl williamson dr cheriton proc . acm  
bye-bye pentium ? mmxpectations . b howard pc  
confirmation of the near field behavior from a far eld circulation model of massachusetts bay a blumberg z ji ck ziegler technical report massachusetts water resources authority 1994 .  
calibration of scintillation cells for radon-222 measurements ( abstract only ) k aakko e oksanen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
spectroradiometric determination of wheat canopy biophysical variables . comparison of several c atzberger t jarmer b kftz m schlerf w werner remote sensing in transition . proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
elvin has left the building : a publish/subscribe notification service with quenching b segall d arnold proceedings of auug97 1997.0 
model reduction of large scale systems with application to a pulp digester pa wisnewski fj doyle iii proceedings of d > cops  
a novel growth and cell cycle-regulated protein activates human cdc7-related kinase and is essential h kumagai n sato m yamada d mahony w seghezzi  1998.0 
g. possingham l v. 1973 . te fine structure of avocado plastids d crin   
expression of neurotrophin receptor trka inhibits angiogenesis in neuroblastoma a eggert ma grotzer n ikegaki x liu ae evans   
dynamic dataflow analysis . ty chen pc poole information and software technology 1988.0 
opportunistic garbage collection pr wilson acm sigplan notices 1988.0 
a relational database design in support of standard medical terminology in multi-domain knowledge f naeymi-rad l carmony d trace c georgakis mh proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
the x-tree : an index structure for highdimensional data . 22nd conf . on very large databases s berchtold d keim hp kriegel bombay india  
mimo spatial diversity communications-signal processing and channel capacity j sykora radioengineering-prague - 2002.0 
recursive linear hashing krr sacks-davis acm transactions on database systems  
a decomposed storage model g copeland s khoshaan proc . acm sigmod conf.  
grading cooperative projects ka smith new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
the challenge for kinetic simulations of substorm growth and onset pl pritchett fv coroniti sixth intern . conf . on substorms seattle washington  
study of the fundamentals mechanisms of convective cooling in electronic components o leon g de mey e dick proceedings of the 2 ndph . d. symposium university of  
noisy time series prediction using recurrent neural networks and grammatical inference cl giles s lawrence ac tsoi machine learning 2001.0 
buffer management algorithms for relational database management systems . mec hull ff cai d bell information and software technology 1988.0 
magic factoring of closure programs pt wood   
sleepers and workaholics : caching in mobile distributed environments d barbara t imielinski proc . of acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
low-latency communication over fast ethernet m welsh a basu t von eicken lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
corel focusing on graphics market posts small profit . 2001 tr weiss   
awareness in collaborative systems : a chi 97 workshop se mcdaniel t brinck acm sigchi bulletin 1997.0 
inside comã 3/4 base services g eddon h eddon  1999.0 
the dynamic nature of msw management m fehr journal of environmental systems 1999.0 
a vision for management of complex models pa bemsten ay levy ra pottinger technical report msr-tr-2000-53 microsoft research  
information extraction communications of the acm j cowie w lehnert acm press new york  
optimal topology design in wireless personal area networks ma marsan cf chiasserini a nucci d di   
three-layer wirability of planar layouts t gonzalez sq zheng  1986.0 
computing iceberg queries efficiently n shivakumar h garcia-molina tech . report stanford database group tech . report november  
the qualitative-quantitative debate : new perspectives . cs reichardt sf rallisâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation 1994.0 
the roles of information technology in organizational capability building : an it capability od lee k lim kk wei proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference on  
university of sydney 2002 f robotics also  
national marine fisheries service de stevenson alaska fisheries science center seattle  
thermotherapy for treatment of osteoarthritis l brosseau ka yonge v robinson s marchand m cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
mode selection in lasers pw smith proc . ieee  
an open storage system fr abstract objects s blott l relly hj schek proc . acm sigmod conf  
image processing on compressed data for large video databases f arman a hsu my chiuâ ? ¦   
the stability analysis of a double barrier resonant tunneling device ( abstract only ) hp joosten h noteborn k kaski d lenstra oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
improved masking algorithm chaotic communications systems me zaghloul  1996.0 
fault tolerance : principles and practice pa lee t anderson  1990.0 
andr . krishnamurthy.â ?? query optimization for parallel executionâ ?? s ganguly w hasan proc . of the 1992 acm sigmod intl. conference on management  
internet research : comments on formulating the problem s floydâ ? ¦ http : â ? ¥ www . icir . org/fioyd/papers . html 1998.0 
a taxonomy oftime in databases rt snodgrass i ahn acm sigmod international conference on the management of  
reversible systems mb sevryuk  1987.0 
for further information . jh schuster new directions for higher education 1974.0 
dynamic assembly of views in data cubes jr smith v castelli a jhingran cs li   
a new methodology for speech corpora definition from internet documents cbjfsl besacier d vaufreydaz m akbar proceedings of the lrec athens greece  
export flux in the western and central equatorial pacific : zonal and temporal variability jp dunne jw murray m rodier da hansell deep-sea research i 2000.0 
an evaluation of xml indexes for structural join h li ml lee w hsu c chen sigmod record 2004.0 
concerning the influence of diffusion on the electro-crystallization of metals m braun & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1973.0 
the system granite-peridotite-h t sekine pj wyllie o at  
motivation and framework for using genetic algorithms for microcode compaction sj beaty d whitley g johnson   
eb 1961 dw pashley aeb presland phil . mag  
the glow cache coherence extensions for widely shared data s kaxiras jr goodman computer sciences technical report-university of wisconsin & hellip ; 1996.0 
userâ ?? s guide for qpsol ( version 3.2 ) : a fortran package for quadratic programming systems pe gill w murray ma saunders mh wright stanford university technical report sol 84-6 stanford ca  
on cognitive busyness : when person perceivers meet persons perceived dt gilbert bw pelham ds krull journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
vulcan a edwards a srivastava h vo technical report msr-tr-99-76 microsoft research ( msr ) jan. .  
long-term immunoprophylaxis of hepatitis b virus reinfection in recipients of human liver allografts w lauchart r muller r pichlmayr transplant proc 1987.0 
accurateestimation of the numberof tuplessatisfying a condition . inproc gpsc connell acm sigmod conference  
a pattern language for firewalls eb fernandez mm larrondo-petrie n seliya   
the fundamental noise limit of linear amplifiers h heffner proc . ire  
the politics of the classroom : toward an oppositional pedagogy . m marcroft new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
hr roles growing as labour market shrinks j dash computerworld  
software evolution management : a process-oriented perspective ds hinley information and software technology  
scheduling mpeg-compressed video streams with firm deadline constraints cc han kg shin proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
brest reactor fuel cycle av lopatkin vv orlov ag sila-novitskiiâ ? ¦ at .  
the evolution of human intrasexual competition : tactics of mate attraction dm buss journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
three common presentations of ascariasis infection in an urban emergency department cc valentine rj hoffner so henderson journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
sirius-delta : un prototype de systeme de gestion de donnees reparties j lebihan c esculier g lelann l treille d ~ str ~ buted data bases . proceedings of the international & hellip ;  
i 3 : intelligent interactive investigation of olap cubes s sarawagi g sathe proc . of the 2000 acm sigmod intâ ?? l conference on  
penetration of energetic ions through open channels in a crystal lattice rs nelson mw thompson phil . mag  
new chance : interim findings on a comprehensive program for disadvantaged young mothers and their j quintâ ? ¦  1994.0 
an automated technique for designing optimal performance ims data bases v roach acm sigmod record 1974.0 
perceived self-efficacy in coping with cognitive stressors and opioid activation a bandura d cioffi cb taylor me brouillard journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
the lord of the rings : efficient maintenance of views at data warehouses d agrawal a mostefaoui m raynal m roy   
improving junior faculty scholarship dk jarvis new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
querying multidimensional databases l cabibbo r torlone   
'' further critical comments on pascal particularly as a systems programming language '' r conradi acm sigplan notices 1976.0 
relevance feedback in xml retrieval h pan   
incremental test collections b carterette j allan   
micropattern formation in supported lipid bilayers jt groves sg boxer acc . chem . res  
classroom research in accounting : assessing for learning pg cottellâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
inferences involving embedded multivalued dependencies and transitive dependencies d stott parker jr k parsaye-ghomi proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1980.0 
support vector machines : training and applications training and applications e osuna r freund f girosi technical report massachusetts institute of technology ai memo  
gender differences in effects of physical attractiveness on romantic attraction : a comparison across a feingold journal of personality and social psychology  
a performance analysis of alternative multi-attribute declustering strategies s ghandeharizadeh dj dewitt w qureshi   
asymptotic behaviour to the 3-d schrodingerâ ?? poisson and wignerâ ?? poisson systems jl lopez j soler   
a low overhead high performance buffer replacement algorithm t johnson d shasha proceedings of international conference on very large & hellip ;  
switch in rod opsin gene expression in the european eel anguilla anguilla ( l. ) aj hope jc partridge pk hayes   
the escrow transactional method pe o'neil acm transactions on database systems 1986.0 
multi-annual atmospheric circulation change and climate oscillation in first synoptic region n sidorenkov p svirenko proceedings of hydrometcenter  
physicochemical and environmental plant physiology.â ?? academic press ps nobel san diego  
on the construction problem for markov chains d williams probability theory and related fields 1964.0 
a history of mobile communicationsâ ?? 1995 to 2010 p smyth bt technology journal 2000.0 
â ?? hardware abstraction in a visual programming environment r vinyard j pfeiffer b margolis submitted for  
benefits of music therapy as an adjunct to chest physiotherapy in infants and toddlers with cystic mc grasso bm button dj allison sm sawyer   
step to intrinsic absorption in doped silicon r heidinger j molla vv parshin proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared & millimeter  
packet timed token service discipline : a scheduling algorithm based on the dual-class paradigm for l lenzini e mingozzi g stea computer networks 2002.0 
diversity in required writing courses ms curtis aj herrington new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
fluidized bed combustion diagnostics by laser photocoustic spectroscopy ( abstract only ) j stenberg r hernberg oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
wealth status and â ?? raceâ ?? in the ruthin of edward ii m stevens geography 2000.0 
mathematics and geography jp cole geography  
effective personalization of push-type systems - visualizing information freshness h sakagami t kamba a sugiura y koseki www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
sequential sampling procedures for query size estimation pjhan swami   
exploiting interclass rules for focused crawling is altingã ¶ vde ã ? ulusoy computer  
calbindin d-28k-immunoreactivity in rat muscle spindles during postnatal maturation and after m hietanen-peltola m pelto-huikko l rechardt t the histochemical journal 1992.0 
environmental study of the dadia forest reserve t adamakopoulos s gatzogiannis k poirazides acnat programme wwf-greece eu dg xi . athens greece : & hellip ;  
para-functional programming in haskell p hudak acm press frontier series 1991.0 
mytheme s lundgren j falk s bjã ¶ rk j holopainen kp demonstration at level upâ ?? 1st international digital games & hellip ;  
a shared segmented memory system for an object-oriented database mf hornick sb zdonik acm transactions on information systems ( tois ) 1987.0 
ti . p. kriegel and b. seeger : '' efficient processing of spatial join using r-trees t brinkhoff proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod  
engineering a library of reusable conceptual components s castano v de antonellis information and software technology 1997.0 
systematic synthesis method for analogue circuitsâ ?? part i notation and synthesis toolbox dg haigh p radmore   
over-thecell routers for new cell model b wu na sherwani nd holmes m sarrafzadeh proc . of 29th acm/ieee design automation conference  
architecture of snomed . its contribution to medical language processing ra cã ´ tã © orthner helmuth d. ( herausgeber ) : proceedings of the tenth  
the pond : information exploration using an ecosystem metaphor o stã ¥ hl a wallberg j sderberg j humble le proceedings of acm collaborative virtual environments ( cve )  
max weber : an intellectual portrait r bendix   
hobby-eberly telescope low-resolution spectrograph gj hill he nicklas pj macqueen c tejada fj proc . spie 1998.0 
using the tools of philosophy : metaphor in action ca lane new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
feasibility of determining ultratrace amounts of nickel by carbonyl generation and atomic absorption pn vijan at . spectrosc  
result sharing among agents using reactive rules m berndtsson s chakravarthy b lings lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
suif : an infrastructure for research on paralleli zing and optimizing compilers s amarasingheâ ? ¦ technical report stanford university may  
on random sampling over joins sc cmn r motwani vr narasayya proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
continuous heparin infusion to prevent thrombosis and catheter occlusion in neonates with p shah v shah cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
program personnel : the missing ingredient in describing the program environment ka peterson l bickman new directions for program evaluation 1988.0 
principles of optics 1pergamon m born e wolf new york  
â ?? the kdb tree : a search structure for large multidimensional dynamic indexes jtr rob811 proceedings of the 1981 acm-sigmod conference april 11.0 
alternaria rot of citrus fruit m schiffmann-nadel j waks y gutter e chalutz proc . int . soc . citricult  
national account program : apple targets large business in market push . r batt computerworld. 1981.0 
queries are easier than you thought ( probably ) s abiteboul k compton v vianu   
feto-maternal concentrations of levobupivacaine and bupivacaine following epidural infusion for g mcleod l donaldson p convery d bogod r & hellip ; world congress anaesthesiologists montreal canada june  
facilitating faculty development . m freedman new directions for higher education 1973.0 
hydrodynamics of helium ii cc lin proc . int . sch phys . course xxi  
1920 ( posted at www . rootsweb . com/kyletcher ) '' lc births  1911.0 
an experimental evaluation of crash recovery machanisms j kent h garcia-molina j chung proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
a mixed-signal hall sensor ic with direction detection d draxelmayr r borgschulze   
glucocorticoids for croup k russell n wiebe a saenz sm ausejo d johnson cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
practical knowledge representation for the web . in . fensel f van harmelen d. ( ed . ) . proceedings of the ijcai &#39; 99 workshop on intelligent  
software-engineering education in the 21st century d andrews information and software  
inc. â ?? dynamic content acceleration : a caching solution to enable scalable dynamic web page c technologies proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on mgmt . of data  
o-line and on-line performance monitoring tools . [ in :] proceedings of high performance computing on m bubak w funika k iskra r maruszewski j zurich switzerland eth zurich  
cots and systems integration : some technical considerations b boehm procs of the sei/mcc symposium on the use of cots in systems & hellip ;  
guest editorial p atzeni ao mendelzon the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
accurate estimation of the number of tuples satisfying a condition g piatetsky-shapiro c connell proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1984.0 
acupuncture for idiopathic headache d melchart k linde p fischer b berman a white cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
loggp : incorporating long messages into the logp modelâ ?? one step closer towards a realistic model a alexandrov mf ionescu ke schauser c scheiman proceedings of the seventh annual acm symposium on parallel & hellip ; 1995.0 
using middle - c ware ot work sigmod record 1995.0 
separation power of a gas centrifuge and certain errors in optimizing it oe aleksandrov at .  
characterizing usage of a campus-wide wireless network d kotz k essien   
sap expects record profits l rohde computerworld  
gnutella chapter 8 in peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies a oram  2001.0 
deconvolution of images and spectra academic pa jansson san diego calif  
scalable coherent interface d scheme ieee computer  
un logiciel de composition musicale combinant un modå?le spectral des structures hiã?rarchiques et a beurivã ?   
dmv disaster js bozman computerworld  
mining multi-dimensional constrained gradients in data cubes d guozhu h jiawei j lam p jean w ke vldb 2001.0 
using games to teach ap bowen journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
short overview of emf exposure systems and an exposure system used in an ongoing study ( project c schierz c mã 1/4 ller h krueger   
finding hot query patterns over an xquery stream lh yang ml lee w hsu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
the p operator : discovering and ranking on the semantic web k anyanwu a sheth sigmod record 2002.0 
a hidden markov model retrieval system drh miller t leek rm schwartz proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;  
list of acronymns cpacp agency bt technology journal 2001.0 
functionalities and limitations ofcurrentworkowmanagement systems g alonso d agrawal a el abbadi c mohan technical report ibm almaden research center 1997 . to appear  
ands . pink . smallforwardingtablesforfastrouting lookups m degermark a brodnik s carlsson proceedings of acm  
searching on the secondary structure of protein sequences l hammel jm patel vldb 2002.0 
a uniform approach for the definition of security properties r focardi f martinelli lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
where have all the senior faculty gone ? . hw sheridan new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
mobile agent standards and available platforms [ j ] kp menelaos gc fotis sv iakovos m gennaro computer networks  
relational users can learn from ims mistakes . tf o'neil computerworld. 1981.0 
new genetic local search operators for the traveling salesman problem b freisleben p merz lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
implementation of imdct block of an mp3 decoder through optimization on the dct matrix m galabov   
on computing restricted projections of representative instances y sagiv proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
projecting xml elements a marian j simã © on int . conference on very large databases vldbâ ?? 03  
the israeli perception of missile defense bgm herzog & hellip ; - baylon and anne d. baylon proceedings from the xvith & hellip ;  
database support for efficiently maintaining derived data . acms anthology   
global perspectives in a new world . teacher 's resources . ph porterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
monitoring woodland gap dynamics using high resolution imagery : but when is a gap not a gap s koukoulas ga blackburn proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the remote & hellip ;  
students in learning communities : engaging with self others and the college community f gabelnick j mac gregor rs matthews bl smith new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
aries : a transaction recovery method supporting fine-granularity locking andpartial rollbacksusing c mohan d haderle b lindsay h pirahesh p acm trans . on database systems  
prevention and control of nosocomial infections . 3rd ed . 1997 williams & wilkins baltimore rp wenzel   
iridium-catalyzed mizorokiâ ± heck-type reaction of organosilicon reagents t koike x du t sanada y danda a mori acc . chem . res 1990.0 
non-functional requirements analysis : deficiencies in structured methods dj grimshaw gw draper information & software technology 2001.0 
electrocardiographic manifestations : right ventricular infarction tr fijewski ml pollack tc chan wj brady journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
going public : open-source databases and database research p bonnet sigmod conference 2002.0 
odontogenic ghost cell tumor : a case report with cytologic findings ch stone ar gaba ms benninger rj zarbo md 2000.0 
automatic categorization of query results k chakrabarti s chaudhuri s hwang proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
dfa learning from simple examples . r parekh v honavar machine learning  
intel spin-off to aid mass customization j mathew electronic news  
core-periphery disparities recession and new regional dynamisms in the european community d keeble geography  
declarative data cleaning : language model h galhardas d florescu d shasha e simon c and algorithms . technical report inria  
digital privacy : who has the right to read your data c levin pc magazine  
a computational argumentation methodology for capturing and analyzing design rationale arising from s sigman xf liu information & software technology 2003.0 
analysis and simulation of prediction errors for wind power productions reported to nordpool ha nielsen imm technical university of denmark  
a data model and data structures for moving objects databases l forlizzi rh guting e nardelli m schneider sigmod record 2000.0 
similarity search on the web : evaluation and scalability considerations th haveliwala a gionis d klein p indyk proceedings of the 28th international conference on very & hellip ;  
distinct sampling for highly-accurate answers to distinct values queries and event reports b jawerth w sweldens  2001.0 
keyword detection navigation and annotation in hierarchical text s chakrabarti b dom r agrawal p raghavan proc . 23rd vldb  
introduction to design of experiments umetrics ab sweden 2000 l eriksson e johansson n kettaneh-wold c   
the electronic library and literacy . jk olsen new directions for higher education 1992.0 
ersatz estimation for sensitivity analysis : a methodology f vazquez-abad l zubieta to be submitted  
stability margins of diagonally perturbed multivariable feedback systems mg safonov iee proceedings 1982.0 
an ecological perspective on integrating personality and social psychology rm baron la boudreau journal of personality and social psychology  
the diffraction of x-rays by an age-hardening alloy of alluminum and copper : the structure of an gd preston phil . mag  
reflection and semantics in a procedural language cs brian tecnical report 272 mit laboratory for computer science  
energias renovables sustentabilidad y creacion de enpleo : una economia impulssionada por el sol em perez  2001.0 
set-oriented constructs : fromrete rule bases todatabase systems dn gordin aj pasik proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
on extending the functions of a relational database system rl haskin ra lorie   
support vector machine active learning for image retrieval s tong e chang   
academic leadership . tm hesburgh new directions for higher education 1988.0 
query optimization for codasyl database systems u dayal n goodman   
analysis of an nn + low-high junction and the application to integrated injection logic devices tl gannon ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1980.0 
o2 an object oriented data model . in proc c lecluseâ ? ¦ acm sigmod  
measurement of the human perception of noise and vibration aimed to define a general comfort index a conocilio a sorrentino f cenedese european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
cyclosporine delays host immune response to antibody enzyme conjugate in adept kd bagshawe sk sharma transplant proc 1996.0 
hypocalcemia and stridor : an unusual presentation of vitamin d-deficient rickets js halterman sa smith journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
planning and reduction technique in fracture surgery j mast r jakob r ganz  1989.0 
recovering feature and observer position by projected error refinement gs bestor  1998.0 
late triassic depositional history of the richmond and taylorsville basins eastern virginia r ressetar gk taylor see manspeizer  
pandian and wl mcguire mr vendely a  
comprehenstion syntax p buneman l libkin d suciu v tannen l wong acm sigmod record  
freshwater ecology : concepts and environmental applications : academic press wk dodds san diego california  
top surface imaging lithography processes for i-line resists using liquid-phase silylation k arshak m mihov a arshak d mcdonagh   
a randomness conserved exponential mapping of gf ( q ) m-sequence . r niefer jh chiu yh huang proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ; 1991.0 
privacy preserving distributed data mining c clifton   
web grammars jl pfalz a rosenfeld procs of 1st international joint conference on  
experimental determination of energy release rate for notch bending and notch tension jd lubahn proc . astm  
a shader r 1 greenblatt d j. and creelman w. l eds ( 1995 ) drug interactmns rn psychfatry d crraulo   
improving military helicopter supportability with the integrated mechanical diagnostics ( imd ) health rc muldoon re hayden european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
limits on multiple instruction issue md smith m johnson ma horowitz proceedings of the third international conference on & hellip ; 1989.0 
nasa aviation safety program aircraft engine health management data mining tools roadmap j litt dl simon c meyer h depold jr curtiss h data mining and knowledge discovery : theory tools and & hellip ; 2000.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?using schema matching to simplify heterogeneous data translationã cents â ? ¬ â ? t milo s zohar proc . of the 24th vldb  
fiz kg shkadinskii bi khaikin ag merzhanov goreniya i  
the x-tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles s berchtold d keim hp kriegel proc . 1996 int . conf . very large data  
antileukemic effect of graft-versus-host disease contributes to improved survival after allogeneic pl weiden n flournoy je sanders km sullivan ed transplant proc 1981.0 
optical packet switching with multiple path routing g castanon l tancevski l tamil computer networks 2000.0 
rethinking the brainâ ?? new insights into early development r shore  1997.0 
the case for enhanced abstract data types . 23rd vldb conf p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan athens greece  
immunocytochemical characterization of malignant mesothelioma and carcinoma metastatic to the pleura cs kortsik p werner n freudenberg jc virchow lung-heidelberg - 1995.0 
parameter identification in robot control c schmidt m pruefer applied mathematics and computer science 1997.0 
audio-visual integration in multimodal communication t chen rr rao proceedings-ieee 1998.0 
building e-commerce applications from object-oriented conceptual models o pastor s abrahã # o j fons   
kã ¶ ln 2001 zitiert : krey b stuttgart at  
the space readiness coherent lidar experiment ( sparcle ) space shuttle mission mj kavaya gd emmitt proc . spie 1998.0 
ants of citrus : some considerations wf buren wh whitcomb proc . int . soc . citriculture  
current status of home parenteral nutrition in the united states l howard m malone transplantation proceedings 1996.0 
ec and supply chain management : towards cross-industry supply chains s nambisan electronic markets 2000.0 
a hierarchical a posteriori error estimate for nonlinear incompressible elasticity in the plane r araya p le tallec ep stephan submitted for  
kr ( 1967a ) c varma phil . mag  
organizational actions in response to threats and opportunities p chattopadhyay wh glick gp huber academy of management journal 2001.0 
tools and techniques for memory system design and analysis ar lebeck  1995.0 
fault-injection : a crystal ball for software quality j voas g mcgraw l kassab l voas ieee computer  
survival analysis dg kleinbaum  1996.0 
cepstral compensation by polynomial approximation for environment-independent speech recognition b raj eb gouvãªa pj moreno rm stern   
on the multiple gene duplication problem m fellows m hallett u stege lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
high-bandwidth options : adsl vs. cable j ozer pc  
numerical simulation of the bk 117/ec 145 fuselage flow field e schoell european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
in pharmacognosy and pharmacobiotechnology williams and wilkins : baltimore je robbers mk speedie ve tyler md  
a systematic approach for the design of post-transaction input error handling hbk tan nl thein y li w li information & software technology 2001.0 
airway difficulties caused by improperly applied cricoid pressure am ho w wong e ling dc chung ba tay journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
opportunity abundance scarcity : an overview g pontecorvo id .  
preparing for the columbian quincentennial : an annotated bibliography ( part ii ) . ll neilsen gr neilsen social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
lossless and nearly lossless compression for high quality images mj gormish el schwartz af keithâ ? ¦  1997.0 
a network approach to detecting individual prognostic genes and therapeutic targets in brain cancer p mischel b zhang m carlson z fang w freije e  2005.0 
standard benchmarks for database systems c levine jm stephens jr d dewitt acm sigmod  
altinel 2 asuman dogac software research and development center middle east technical university b ozen   
sagivy . queries independent of updates ay levy proc . 19th vldb  
handbook of human vibration academic press mj griffin san diego  
b-tree page size when caching is considered d lomet sigmod record 1998.0 
temperley-lieb immanants 2004 b rhoades m skandera   
on a new family of titanium oxides and the nature of slightly-reduced rutile la bursill bg hyde o terasaki d watanabe phil . mag  
type inference in the polymorphic relational algebra j van den bussche e waller proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst 1999.0 
model indepenient & ertions for integration of heterogeneous schemas s soaccaoietra p parent y dunont vldb journal no  
a survey of research and development in distributed database management jb rothnie n goodman vldb 1977.0 
anti-ige for chronic asthma in adults and children s walker m monteil k phelan t lasserson e cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
lower track classrooms : a curricular and cultural perspective r page  1991.0 
godis-issue-based dialogue management in a multi-domain multi-language dialogue system s larsson s ericsson   
understanding the factors influencing the performance of software development groups : an exploratory b lakhanpal information and software technology 1993.0 
complexity aspects of various semantics for disjunctive databases t eiter g gottlob   
the adoption and use of national information infrastructure : a social network and stakeholder s nambisan r agarwal   
saflink corp. an emerging biometric api industry standard [ j ] cj tilton ieee computer  
history of programming languages rl wexelblat  1981.0 
seizing the moment b machrone pc magazine 1993.0 
impact of hepatitis c in long-functioning renal transplants : a clinicopathological follow-up jm morales ma munoz g castellano f colina transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
nist chemical kinetics database : ver . 6.0 national institute of standards and technology wg mallard f westley jt herron rf hampson dh md  
online adaptation of influence diagrams d chickering t paek  2005.0 
identification of human faces aj goldstein ld harmon ab lesk proc . ieee  
on the relation between truth maintenance and abduction ac kakas p mancarella proc . pricai90  
range queries in olap data cubes h ch r agrawal n megiddo r srikant proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
optimal nesting for computation n-relational joins t ibaraki t kameda acm trans . on database systems  
a search structure for large multimedimensional dynamicindexes jt robinson proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference  
mantha 1996 kannan govindarajan bharat jayaraman surya mantha optimization and relaxation in j govindarajan proceedings of the 23rd acm sigplan-sigact symposium on  
synchronized mechanical ventilation for respiratory support in newborn infants a greenough ad milner g dimitriou cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
columbia university press ny new york   
deadlock prevention in a distributed database system pk reddy s bhalla acm sigmod record 1993.0 
an overview on user modeling methods e benaki e karkaletsis cd spyropoulos  1997.0 
a guide to constructs of control ea skinner journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
the nist atm network simulator operation and programming version 1.0 . us department of commerce n golmie a koenig d su md  
e-diesel report u lã ¶ fvenberg demonstration test in denmark/akzo nobel surface chemistry  
range-sum queries in data cubes ct ho r agrawal r srikant proc . of  
a sound and sometimes complete query evaluation algorithm for relational databases with null values r reiter journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1986.0 
who packed the suitcase ? playing the role of an archaeologist/anthropologist . jd laney pa moseley social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
a formal approach to fault tree synthesis for the analysis of distributed fault tolerant systems ml mckelvin jr g eirea c pinello s kanajan al proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
capacity bounds for three types of wireless networks : asymmetric cluster and hybrid s toumpis proc . acm mobihoc roppongi japan may  
tackling malnutrition : what can targeted nutritional interventions achieve ? g kumar f stewart poverty in india oxford university press bombay  
linguistic human rights : overcoming linguistic discrimination . t skutnabb-kangas r phillipsonâ ? ¦  1995.0 
the coriolis group ms tumlin   
student environmental organizations j keniry b trelstad new directions for higher education 1992.0 
fluxquery : an optimizing xquery processor for streaming xml data c koch s scherzinger n schweikardt b stegmaier proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
automatic verification of parameterized synchronous systems ea emerson ks namjoshi lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
learning table access cardinalities with leo . v markl gm lohman   
radionuclides in terrestial ecosystems 1981 kl bocock   
lower grinding costs and better workpiece quality by high-performance grinding with cbn whells w kã ¶ nig k yegenoglu b stukenholz aachen technical university .  
optimizing parallel bitonic sort ke schauser  1996.0 
a framework for using materialized xpath views in xml query processing a balmin f ozcan k beyer r cochrane h pirahesh proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
an architecture for in-internet hybrid services ca licciardi g canal a andreetto p lago computer networks 2001.0 
a search for evidence of non-thermal emission from the supernova remnants 37a/b r oliversen  2002.0 
toward an analysis of the role of gay communities in the urban renaissance m lauria l knopp urban geography  
par-delã les frontiã ¨ res : les femmes d'affaires canadiennes et le commerce international b orser e fisher r rayman  1999.0 
mining association rules from semi-structured data k maruyama k uehara icdcs workshop of knowledge discovery and data mining in the & hellip ; 2000.0 
join graphs and acyclic database schemes k chase vldb 1981.0 
testimony on temporary assistance for needy families and the hard-to-employ before the united states d butler  2002.0 
the ambiguities of '' clock without hands '' d emerson wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1962.0 
autonomy in childrenâ ?? s learning : an experimental and individual difference investigation ws grolnick rm ryan journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
an integrated enrollment management system . ma claffey d hossler new directions for higher education 1986.0 
concise papers assbo algorithm ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
rural tourism and marketing : synthesis and new ways of working d gilbert tourism management  
gigascope : high performance network monitoring with an sql interface . demonstration c cranor y gao t johnson v shkapenyuk o proc . acm sigmod 2002  
pharmacokinetics of fk506 in transplant patients a jain vs wartyâ ? ¦  1991.0 
the computer backlash r scher electronic learning  
the sandwich ( robust covariance matrix ) estimator rj carroll s wang dg simpson aj stromberg d unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
statix : making xml count j freire jr haritsa m ramanath p roy j simeon   
the college and its region . vw henderson new directions for higher education 1975.0 
sensoren und mikroelektronik ; expert-verlag ( 1993 ) kw bonfig   
lifetime of the 1 . 959 mev state in cl-36 ( abstract only ) a kuronen j keinonen p tikkanen a kangasmaki oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
organ donation : the challenge for emergency nursing j cox journal of emergency nursing 1986.0 
menstruation reattribution and competence j rodin journal of personality and social psychology 1976.0 
vertical partitioning for database design : a graphical algorithm bn shamkant ra minyoung proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
memory systems for parallel programming be richards  1996.0 
schedulingreal-time transactions : a performance evaluation rah garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems  
neural networks for nonlinear model control kj hunt d sbarbaro iee proceedings-d  
flexible and recoverable interaction between applications and active databases en hanson ic chen r dastur k engel v ramaswamy vldb journal 1997.0 
the gulf of aqaba : ecological micropaleontology z reiss l hottinger  1984.0 
generation of passive macro-models for simulation of distributed interconnect networks sh min m swaminathan emc symposium zurich switzerland  
report : job cuts in 2001 reach nearly 2 million . j disabatino   
rethinking the value of choice : a cultural perspective on intrinsic motivation ss iyengar mr lepper journal of personality and social psychology 1999.0 
measurements of the photon total cross section on protons from 45 gev to 182 gev jp cumalat ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1977.0 
logical physics i : foundations of chaos k svozil technical university vienna preprint feruary  
fast generation of neuro-asics j ouali g saucier proc . int . neural networks conf  
theory of fusion plasmas l chen proc . int . workshop varenna  
two-way bridge building at birmingham-southern . nr berte da casella new directions for higher education 1979.0 
how did welfare and work policies affect employment and income : a synthesis of research d bloom c michalopoulos  2001.0 
investigation of selected voice therapy techniques . presented ai the 19th symposium : care of the jk casper rh colton p woo d brewer san  
case 12 international skeletal society meeting jm mirra  1999.0 
fine structure of capillary and endocapillary layer as revealed by ruthenium red jh luft fed proc 1966.0 
evaluation of remote backup algorithms for transaction-processing systems ca polyzois h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
asymptotic analysis in fracture advances in fracture research jr willis proceedings icf9  
e. ; schilling f. c ae tonelli acc . chem . res  
web-site management with tiramisu c anderson   
on-the-fly testing of reactive systems m veanes c campbell w schulte p kohli submitted for  
costimulatory molecule-deficient dendritic cell progenitors induce t cell hyporesponsiveness in f fu y li s qian l lu fd chambers te starzl transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
diffusion creep of a thin foil gb gibbs phil . mag  
the human factors of speech-based interfaces : a research agenda jh bradford acm sigchi bulletin 1995.0 
andm j gripp p bernasconi c chan kl sherman zirngibl \ \ demonstration of a 1tb/s optical packet switch  
inadequate formalin fixation decreases reliability of p27 kip1 immunohistochemical staining : probing am de marzo hh fedor wr gage ma rubin   
implementation of a portable fortran 77 compiler using modern tools si feldman acm sigplan notices 1979.0 
integrating rule-based and case-based decision making in diabetic patient management r bellazzi s montani l portinale a riva lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
formalisation of a cooperation model based on joint intentions fmt brazier cm jonker j treur lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
mood and the use of scripts : does a happy mood really lead to mindlessness ? h bless gl clore n schwarz v golisano c rabe journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
vertical profiling : understanding the behavior of object-oriented applications m hauswirth pf sweeney a diwan m hind   
integrating register allocation and instruction scheduling for riscs dg bradlee sj eggers rr henry proceedings of the fourth international conference on & hellip ; 1991.0 
aciclovir for bell 's palsy ( idiopathic facial paralysis ) j sipe l dunn cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
harmonic analysis of spherical functions on real reductive groups ra gangolli vs varadarajan  1988.0 
universal finiteness and satisfiability is mumick o shmueli   
a new dmt method for the design of axially loaded driven piles in clay soils jjm powell ch shields jc dupla kh mokkelbost submitted for publication  
reducing multidatabase query response time by tree balancing w du u dayal sigmod conference 1995.0 
qos control versus generous dimensioning dm johnson bt technology journal 2005.0 
the importance of phase in signals av oppenheim js lim ieee proceedings 1981.0 
multivariable nyquist self-tuning : a general approach b kouvaritakis   
interoperability in multidatabase systems d mcleod a sheth tutorial notes-the 20th vldb conference september  
evaluating object dbmss for multimedia p pazandak j srivastava sigmod record 1986.0 
an xml based framework for cognitive vision architectures s wrede j fritsch c bauckhage g sagerer   
from informal requirements to agent-based specification b fields m harrison p wright acm sigchi bulletin 1994.0 
distributed deadlock detection r obermarck acm transactions on database systems  
student self-evaluation : an introduction and rationale e kusnic ml finley new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
measuring and testing program philosophy kj conrad tq miller new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 
running microsoft word 2000 c rubin  1999.0 
nested datalog : a rule language for complex objects q chen g gardarin proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
function definition in higher-order logic k slind lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
education and citizenship in diverse societies c kukathas international journal of educational research 2001.0 
a survey of approaches to automatic schema matching pa bernstein e rahm vldb journal  
an applical level video gateway e amirâ ? ¦ proc . acm multimedia  
search engines spiders and web crawlers m schwartz computerworld  
â ?? the magnetic and electric deviation of the easily absorbed rays from radium e rutherford phil . mag  
the motivation to think in working and learning pa facione nc facione caf giancarlo new directions for higher education 1996.0 
an architecturalframework forsupporting heterogeneous instruction-setarchitectures gmsk ebcioglu ieee computer  
ex vivo and in vitro models in acetaminophen hepatotoxicity studies . relationship between s ellouk-achard v levesse c martin c pham-huy archives of toxicology-supplement - 1994.0 
globl spontaneous activity and local structured ( learned ) activity in cortex dj amit n brunel  1995.0 
adaptive record clustering y ct lk suen mk siu acm transactions on database systems  
supex : a schema-guided path index for xml data j wang proceedings of 28th vldb . hong kong china august 2002.0 
controlling data warehouses with knowledge networks e schaefer jd becker a boehmer m jarke & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ; 2000.0 
beyond market : generalizing association rules to correlations s brin r motwani c silverstein processing of the acm sigmod conference  
r. agrawal mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables r srikant proc . 1996 . i c. \ \ i-sig . \ \ iod int . c &#39; on f. . \ \ lanagernent of  
the economics of distributed computing . 2003 j gray microsoft  
july 8 1996 just one more click d daniel   
leave none left to tell the story ( genocide in rwanda-the planning and execution of mass murder ) hr watch  1999.0 
untangling the web r wallach l mccann santa barbara : university of california santa barbara ( 1996 )  
returns to education : a further international update and implications g psacharopoulos the journal of human resources 1985.0 
on 2-d polynomials and discrete-continuous systems z trzaska applied mathematics and computer science 1997.0 
fault-tolerant load-balancing queries in telegraph ma shah s chandrasekaran proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2001.0 
robust computer-assisted laser treatment using real-time retinal tracking nh solouma abm youssef ya badr ym kadah   
edinburgh 2003 jm scott tw green   
sound partners : a reading tutoring program for first-grade at-risk readers pf vadasy s wayne re oâ ?? connor jr jenkins k  2000.0 
fishes of alaska . american fisheries society bethesda cw mecklenburg ta mecklenburg lk thorsteinson md  
strategies for reflective practice jm peters new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
data-driven oneto-one web site generation for data-intensive applications p fraternali s ceri s paraboschi proc . 25th vldb  
gostelow . '' the u-interpreter kp arvind ieee computer  
design of a generalized balanced multiple-valued file organization scheme of order two s yamamoto s tazawa k ushio h ikeda proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference  
tanet : taiwan academic network ss tseng ls su eh chao   
using electronic circuits to model simple neuroelectric interactions er lewis ieee proceedings  
routing stability and convergence c labovitz a ahuja a abose f jahanian proc . acm sigcomm  
fast computation of sparse datacubes a kenneth d srivastava   
new technologies old politics : political dimensions in the management of academic support services . rm johnson new directions for higher education 1995.0 
implementation techniques for main memory databases dj dewitt rh katz f olken l shapiro m proc . acm  
possibilities and limitations of immersive free-hand expression : a case study with professional w mã $ kelã $ m reunanen t takala proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
a synthesis of the effects of welfare-to-work programs on children pa morris ac huston g duncan d crosby j bos new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
object-oriented query language facilitating construction of new objects r alhajj me arkun information and software technology 1993.0 
warm water vapour pixels over high clouds as observed by meteosat sa tjemkes l van de berg j schmetz contributions to atmospheric physics 1997.0 
declarative updates of relational databases w chen acm transactions on database systems 1995.0 
business interruption insurance w meier  1998.0 
specifying connections for a universal relation scheme database d maier ds warren proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
a framework for understanding distributed ( deadlock detection ) algorithms hf korth r krishnamurthy a nigam jt robinson proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
â ?? econometric estimation of policy foresight : taxes and investment in the us d steigerwald c stuart university of california santa barbara unpublished  
structure and bonding jm lehn acc . chem . res  
modular grammar engineering in gf a ranta   
maintaining consistency in partitioned replicated databases a el abadi s toueg acm transactions on database systems  
virtuality as a strategic approach for small and medium sized it companies to stay competitive in a p sieber   
: adeclarativeapproachtothespecification of a transaction modification subsystem p grefen procs . 19th int . conf . on very large data  
seven issues '' : revisited . closing plenary address fg halasz proceedings of acm hypertext  
decidability of safety in graph-based models for access control m koch lv mancini f parisi-presicce lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
data on the webâ '' b nguyen s abiteboul g cobena m preda xml proceedings of the acm-sigmod  
biochem . 28 ( 1989 ) 3243 . ( b ) sigman ds bruice tw mazumder a & sutton cl jm veal rl rill acc chem res  
the moral and ethical teachings of zarathushtra m navroji  1928.0 
using de-optimization to re-optimize code s hines   
supporting image/video applications in a mobile multihop radio environment using route diversity n gogate ss panwar proc . int . conf . communications  
the nuclear weapon of digital rights law : europe set to establish restrictive copyright legislation s rupley pc magazine  
evaluation of the population status of grizzly bears in canada v banci da demarchi wr archibald international conference on bear research and management  
e-mailâ ?? s double-edged sword b cole-gomolski computerworld  
reopening of facilitiesâ ?? c opening submitted for  
matthew pat hanrahan . wiregl : a scalable graphics system for clusters g humphreys m eldridge i buck g stoll proceedings of acm siggraph  
investigation of the suppression of the narrow channel effect in deep sub-micron extigate a burenkov k tietzel j lorenz h ryssel u proc . 29th eur . solid-state device research conf . ( essderc )  
caterpillars : a context specification technique 1999 a bruggemann-klein d wood submitted for  
guest editorial j mai e marani s hakomori the histochemical journal 1992.0 
needlestick injuries and subsequent disease : first-person accounts from 3 nurses ba algie l arnold cl fowler journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
activex overview c kindel  1997.0 
evaluating information systems investment proposals : a comparative review of current methodologies e berghout t renkema information and software technology  
the educationist and medical illustration . cr coles j audiov media med 1978.0 
architectures for object data management ja orenstein   
enabling technologies for electronic commerce g kappel w retschitzegger b schrã ¶ der   
a new glove puncture detection system tt manson wg bromberg jg thacker w mcgregor rf journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
strategy through dialogue and doing : a game of â ?? mornington crescentâ ??? a pye management learning  
specialist help using multiple media da kirson jm carroll r eckhoff jf kelley s videotape demonstration  
achttausender r messner a ã?berlebt   
hydrothermal convection systems with reservoir temperatures > = 90â ? ¦ c ca brook rh mariner dr mabey jr swanson m see ref  
handbook on formative and summative evaluation of student learning bs bloom  1971.0 
the entrepreneur : mainstream views and radical critiques rf herbert an link aufl. new york  
performance analysis of a relational data base management system p hawthorn m stonebraker proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
bindexing the positions of continuously moving objects s saltenis cs jensen st leutenegger ma lopez sigmod  
functional assessment in alzheimerâ ?? s disease ( abstract ) . 16 annu meet can coll l gauthier s gauthier m mcintyre montreal canada june  
transosseous osteosynthesis : theoretical and clinical aspects of the regeneration and growth of ga ilizarov  1992.0 
code ( version 1 ) us department of energy germantown b parks pc cap88 md 1988.0 
phidgets ( 2001 ) : easy development of physical interfaces through physical widgets s greenberg c fitchett proc acm  
interactive deduplication using active learning s sarawagi   
attributes of high-quality intensive courses pa scott new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
from browsing to interacting : dbms support for responsive websites r ramakrishnan proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2000.0 
securing xml data in third-party distribution systems b carminati e ferrari e bertino proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
the effects of uterine ligaments on fetal injury risk in frontal automobile crashes d moorcroft j stitzel s duma g duma proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2003.0 
oscillations in chemical systems : part 18 . mechanisms of chemical oscillators : conceptual bases rj field rm noyes acc . chem . res  
ecologãa de cebus apella ad brown oj colillas see ref  
interventions for trichomoniasis in pregnancy am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
apts reference manual r paige  1993.0 
evolution of tidal vorticity in stratified coastal flow g pawlak p maccready k edwards r mccabe   
policy regulations and approaches to home-based business in the eastern metropolitan region m horgan  2001.0 
the theory of joins in relational databases av ario c beer jd ullman acm trans . database syst  
l and hume-rothery w 1955 al sutton phil . mag  
uniqueness of kã $ hler-einstein cone metrics t jeffres   
recording advances for neural prosthetics ra andersen jw burdick s musallam h scherberger   
enhancing critical thinking skills in the workplace tt wojcik new directions for higher education 1996.0 
editor 's notes dw leslie new directions for higher education  
confronting students ' beliefs and values in introductory philosophy . wn whisner new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
bug isolation via remote program sampling b liblit a aiken ax zheng mi jordan   
workflow management with service quality guarantees ( sigmod02 ) m gillmann g weikum w wonner sigmod  
christe . m. gong y. hauptmann a. lessons learned from building a terabyte digital video library h wactlar ieee  
heraclitus : elevating deltas to be first-class citizens in a database programming language c damerell d giddings b kisielewski g lutz g acm transactions on database systems 1996.0 
finite groups of outer automorphisms of a free group m culler contributions to group  
recent research on the native history of amazonia and guayana nl whitehead see ref 1993.0 
extended logging for database snapshot refresh b kã $ hler o risnes proc . of the 13th internat . vldb conference brighton  
s + spatialstats userâ ?? s manual version 1.0 ms inc mathsoft inc. seattle washington usa  
mpc with linear time-varying prediction models v nevistic technical report automatic control laboratory eth zurich  
panel : the state-of-the-art in temporal database management : perspectives from the research and j clifford c jensen r snodgrass m bã ¶ hlen h proceedings of the vldb international workshop on temporal & hellip ;  
geography 's five fundamental themes . bj winston social studies and the young learner 1988.0 
the better operating system ? wl rosch pc magazine  
interventions for treating chronic pelvic pain in women rw stones j mountfield cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
internationalizing the campus : what do you need to know ? bh carmical new directions for higher education 2002.0 
connected partition dimensions of graphs v saenpholphat p zhang discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2002.0 
se ~ tz cl 1989 . variants of the chandy-misra-bryant distributed discreteevent simulation algorithm wk su proceedings of &#39; the scs multzconference on d ~ strzbuted  
separation of concerns : overhead in modeling and efficient simulation techniques g yang a sangiovanni-vincentelli y watanabe f   
the urban and schwarzenberg anatomical illustrations . c clarke j audiov media med 1978.0 
analysis of an optical amplified two-section link specification incorporating an erbium-doped fibre aw o'neill tg hodgkinson bt technology journal 1993.0 
shell-model calculations of interaction energies between point defects and dislocations in ionic mp puls ch woo mj norgett phil . mag  
randomized sampling from boltzmann principles p duchon p flajolet g louchard g schaeer proc . 29th intl. colloquium on automata languages and  
attain testability with hierarchical design . gm murie electronic design 1991.0 
on avoiding '' psych '' patients e hunt journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
2pxminer : an efficient two pass mining of frequent xml query patterns lh yang ml lee w hsu x guo   
visitor impact on grizzly bear activity in pelican valley yellowstone national park ka gunther international conference on bear research and management  
car following in an urban network : simulation and experiments m aron proceedings of seminar d 16 thptrc meeting  
ise integrated system engineering iset manual zurich switzerland  
freshwater mollusks of the upper klamath drainage oregon . 1998 yearly report to oregon natural tj frest ej johannes deixis consultants seattle washington . vii  
understanding uml : a formal semantics of concurrency and communication in real-time uml w damm b josko a pnueli a votintseva lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
overview of the media in russia 1994 j wishnevsky unpublished  
potato tuber necrotic ringspot disease . varietal differences in appearance of ringspot necrosis m kus proc eapr meeting vitoria-gasteiz 29th june-3rd july  
oodb bulk loading revisited : the partitioned-list approach jl wiener jf naughton proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
learning styles : implications for distance learning wb james dl gardner new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
context-aware communication a ranganathan   
scalable queue-based spin locks with timeout ml scott   
toying with ideas : board games and social studies me galvez-martin social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
niagaracq : a scalable continuous query system for internet databases j chen dj dewitt f tian y wang sigmod conference 2000.0 
online course evaluation and reporting in higher education km hoffman new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
negation and aggregates in recursive rules : the ldl + + approach c zaniolo n arni k ong lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
software quality metrics : considerations about requirements and requirements specifications b farbey information and software technology 1990.0 
please donâ ?? t call it knowledge management r garner computerworld  
white matter lesions after occlusion of the bilateral carotid arteries in the rat : temporal profile h tomimoto i akiguchi h wakita j kimura no to shinkei 1997.0 
design of robotic discrete minimum energy regulator y bestaoui & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1991.0 
on fault tolerance and worst-case response time analysis in can n navet yq song proceedings of the 23rd ifac/ifip workshop on real-time & hellip ;  
algorithm for detection of vfib in real time from ecg ( abstract only ) l patomaki a nieminen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
standardizing the representation of user tasks . mr frank   
self-regulation of mood : strategies for changing a bad mood raising energy and reducing tension re thayer jr newman tm mcclain journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
support for polylingual persistence interoperability and naming in object-oriented databases a kaplan jcp wileden technical report tr-96-4 university of massachusetts computer  
a personal projected display m ashdown p robinson proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
on two-dimensional indexability and optimal range searching indexing l arge v samoladas js vitter proc . of acm podsâ ?? 99  
garciaâ?º molina h. ( 1995 ) . generalizing gloss to vectorâ?º space databases and broker hierarchies l gravano proc . 21st int . conf . on very large data  
three studies for social housing d emmanuel  1977.0 
on taking geography out of geographical education : some historical pointers b marsden geography-london - 1997.0 
including culture in evaluation research r klitgaard new directions for program evaluation  
ce leiserson and rl rivest th cormen stein introduction to  
j neurosci meth ( 2003 ) m gazzoni d farina r merletti   
a topology-based matching algorithm for fingerprint authentication . z chen ch kuo   
mate : multipath adaptive traffic engineering a elwalid c jin s low i widjaja computer networks 2002.0 
coauthors 1976 : report on north water project activities 1 october 1975 to 30 september 1976 f muller progress rep. iv eth zurich  
metu object-oriented database system demo description a dogac proceedings of acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data & hellip ;  
gold : genetic oriented life span study in differential development fe weinert unpublished manuscript  
interspecific relationships and habitat utilization among benthivorous cichlids m yuma t kondo see ref  
updating xml . acm intl i tatarinov zg ives a halevy d weld conference on management of data ( sigmod )  
clusterbook a tool for dual information access ( demonstration session ) g mureå?an dj harper a gã ¶ ker p lowit proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
light-sensitive optical fibres and planar waveguides r kashyap bt technology journal 1993.0 
digitisation of exam papers a hampson s pinfield i upton electronic library 1999.0 
haixun wang adn carlo zaniolo . query languages and data models for database sequences and data yn law vldb 2004 proceedings of 30th int . conference on very large  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?virtual clock : a new traffic control algorithm for packet switching networks ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in l zhang proc . of acm  
aries/im : an e cient & high concurrency index managementmethod using write-ahead logging c mohan f levine & hellip ; acm sigmod 1992 international conference on management of & hellip ;  
energizing the nexus of corporate knowledge : a portal toward the virtual organization ay yap n bjoern-andersen   
mendrup : a bonpo ritual for the benefit of all living beings and for the empowerment of medicine m kind  1999.0 
a theory of aspects d walker s zdancewic j ligatti   
concurrency control in group systems ca ellis sj gibbs sigmod record ( acm special interest group on management of & hellip ;  
unstable optical resonators for laser applications ae siegman proc . ieee  
braiding terraces in the val dâ ?? herens switzerland rj small geography  
local verification of global integrity constraints in distributed databases a gupta j widom   
medical education in the united states and canada : a report to the carnegie foundation for the a flexner  1910.0 
enhanced cd with up-shift and down-shift damping of ec waves on fast electrons in ftu g granucci a bruschi s cirant b esposito d   
developing a high traffic read-only web site j nauman r suorsa   
referential actions as logic rules b ludaescher w may g lausen proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod sigart symposium on & hellip ; 1997.0 
understanding the global semantics of referential actions using logic rules w may b ludascher acm transactions on database systems 2002.0 
computer genomics : towards self-change and configuration management ym wang   
til : a type-directed optimizingcompilerfor ml d tarditi g morrisett p cheng c stone r harper proc . acm  
reptiles and amphibians in captivity breeding-longevity and inventory fl slavens k slavens seattle washington  
acm oopsla workshop on domain-specific modeling jp tolvanen j gray m rossi   
object-oriented software construction [ m ] s mcconnell  1997.0 
multi-agent trading environment mj owen l lee g sewell s steward d thomas bt technology journal 1999.0 
traffimaticsâ ?? intelligent co-operative vehicle highway systems g bilchev d marston n hristov e peytchev n bt technology journal 2004.0 
generalized transport threshold model of neoclassical tearing modes sv konovalov ab mikhailovskii ms shirokov vs   
controlled markov processes and viscosity solutions wh fleming hm soner   
a conceptual architecture for semantic enabled web services c bussler a maedche d fensel acm sigmod  
satellite crosspolar measurements at bt laboratories . rg howell jw harris m mehler bt technology journal 1992.0 
transaction restarts in prolog database systems s acharya gn buckley   
tad poles and tough questions : integrating social studies and environmental education c basile c white social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
self-perception of intrinsic and extrinsic motivation bj calder bm staw journal of personality and social psychology 1975.0 
initial vascularisation of the pig placenta : 1 v dantzer r leiser demonstration of non-glandular areas by histology and & hellip ;  
inc. 2003 chm hill psta research and demonstration project  
self-identity of the greek woman m polemi & hellip ; international congress of social psychiatry athens greece  
robson mb ` survey on user interface programming ' b myers proc acm  
current events and the internet : connecting '' headline news '' to perennial issues be larson social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
interaction of morphology and syntax in american sign language doctoral dissertation univ. of ca padden san diego  
accuracy and bias in self-perception : individual differences in self-enhancement and the role of op john rw robins journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
effects of chest wall vibration on the intensity of dyspnea during constrained breathing md altose i syed l shoos proc int union physiol sci  
improving statistics canadaâ ?? s cell suppression software ( confid ) â ?? d robertson proceedings of the compstat 2000 conference 21.-25 . august & hellip ;  
spatial operators e clementini p di felice   
usability wars r raskin pc magazine 1993.0 
performance = motivation x ability : an integration-theoretical analysis . nh anderson ca butzin journal of personality and social psychology 1974.0 
inside ole 2 k brocksmith  1994.0 
andâ ?? â ?? 1984 : validation of the â ?? on-siteâ ?? precipitation processing system for nexrad p ahnert m hudlow e johnson d greene mr dias & hellip ; . on radar meteor. zurich switzerland amer . meteor .  
assortative mating in genetic algorithms for vector quantization problems c fernandes r tavares c munteanu a rosa proc . acm sac  
surveying midlife development in the united states og brim dl featherman unpublished manuscript  
lattice defects in neutron irradiated alpha cu solid solution alloys tj koppenaal wct yeh rmj cotterill phil mag 1966.0 
assessing effectiveness in the collaborative classroom sf cramer new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
nakagawa . m. ; hino t i saito t matsuura acc . chem . res  
curvature of the probability weighting function g wu r gonzalez management science 1996.0 
beyond intra-transaction association analysis : mining multi-dimensional intertransaction association l feng h lu j han submitted for publication february  
application of data compression techniques to a large bibliographic database c lynch e brownrigg   
databaseprogramminginmachiavelliâ ?? apolymorphiclanguagewithstatictypeinference a ohori p buneman v breazu-tannen acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data pages46â ?? 57  
overview of multidatabase transaction management y breitbart h garcia-molina a silberschatz the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
bifocal sampling for skew-resistant join size estimation s ganguly pb gibbons y matias a silberschatz sigmod conference 1996.0 
advanced routing in changing technology landscape hks leung   
special issue on digital government ak elmagarmid wj mciver jr ieee computer  
mil primitives for querying a fragmented world pa boncz ml kersten the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
randomization bootstrap and monte carlo methods in biology : chapman and hall bfj manly new york  
generalized rate-monotonic scheduling theory : a framework for developing real-time systems l sha r rajkumar ss sathaye proceedings-ieee 1994.0 
using attribute certificates to implement role-based authorization r oppliger g pernul c strauss submitted for  
on inflow boundary conditions for large eddy simulation of turbulent swirling jets m garcä ± a-villalba j frohlich w rodi   
aspects cliniques de lâ ?? allergie aux colorants des textiles a pons-guiraud proceedings of the gerda ( groupe dâ ?? etudes et de recherche & hellip ;  
the impact of mothers ' gender-role stereotypic beliefs on mothers ' and children 's ability je jacobs js eccles journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
cascade adaptive speed control of a thyristor-driven dc motor . rm stephan v hahn h unbehauen & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1988.0 
efficient evaluation of queries in a mediator for websources v zadorozhny l raschid me vidal sigmod conference 2002.0 
using semantic networks for database management n roussopoulos j mylopoulos vldb  
program design . fd van aalst new directions for higher education 1974.0 
a parallel strategy for transitive closure usind double hash-based clustering jp cheiney vldb 1990.0 
m. and segall rl ( 1965 ) mh loretto lm clarebrough phil . mag  
lore : a lightweight object repository for semistructured data d quass proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1996.0 
what can i say ? : evaluating a spoken language interface to email d hindle g fabbrizio j fromer c mestel m proceedings of acm  
retailers seek more erp functionality d orenstein computerworld  
the state of the art of routing algorithms for demand actuated systems n wilson proc . acm urban symposium  
enterprise information portals m white electronic library 2000.0 
linking arc/info with snactor sc shapiro ch chalupski hc chou santa barbara california. : national center for geographic  
simulating granular flow with molecular dynamics gh ristow   
â ?? extending the scope of database services d barbara acm sigmod record 1993.0 
algebraic support for complex objects with arrays identity and inheritance sl vandenberg   
optimization techniques for queries with expensive methods jm hellerstein acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 
on the causality of transport reduction and induced electric fields in the edge of a tokamak s jachmich m van shoor r weynants proc . 29th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;  
male honor and female fidelity : implicit cultural scripts that perpetuate domestic violence ja vandello d cohen journal of personality and social psychology 2003.0 
a holistic paradigm for schema matching b he kcc chang sigmod  
allogeneic bone marrow transplantation corrects the immunodeficiency in pnp deficiency but does not rj hallett b gaspar ja duley ld fairbanks ha cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
functionalitiesand limitationsof current workflow management systems g alonso d agrawal a el abbadi c mohan technical report ibm almaden research center 1997 . to appear  
surveying and salvaging the aftermath of outage s christensen computerworld  
computability on continuous lower semi-continuous and upper semi-continuous real functions k weihrauch x zheng lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
policy politics and emigration : reexamining the mexican experience . ro de la garza g szekely unpublished manuscript  
measurements of mechanical stress drift in ic plastic packages using the piezo-hall effect d manic j petr rs popovic proc . 29th eur . solid-state device  
page-level cooperative garbage collection m hertz y feng ed berger   
global use of strategies to open coronary arteries investigators ( gusto ) am lincoff rm califf f van de werfâ ? ¦ mortality  
ecosystem assessment of three peatland sites in northern germany as an environmental education j barkmann s bã ¶ geholz   
'' pale fire '' and the fine art of annotation jo lyons wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
experience based sampling technique for multimedia analysis j wang ms kankanhalli   
influence of stacking faults on the growth of polytype structures . ii-silicon carbide polytypes d pandey p krishna phil . mag  
axin an inhibitor of the wnt signalling pathway interacts with - catenin gsk-3 and apc and t nakamura f hamada t ishidate k anai k genes to cells 1998.0 
video browsing using brightness data k otsuji y tonomura y ohba proc  
holistic twig joins : optimal xml pattern matching n bruno n koudas d srivastava   
electro-rheological valves in a hydraulic circuit aj simmonds   
web release date : may 21 2003 dv deubel g frenking acc . chem . res 2003.0 
making b + - trees cache conscious in main memory jr rr ka ross proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
factors affecting design inspection effectiveness in software development t raz at yaung information and software technology 1997.0 
computing queries from derived relations pa larson hz yang vldb  
global technology diffusion and the american research university . tc collins sa tillmanâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1988.0 
integration of spatial join algorithms for joining multiple inputs n mamoulis d papadias proc . sigmod intl. conf . on management of data 1999.0 
evaluation of database access paths sb yao d dejong proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference  
core competence management in business process reengineering zp fan y li proceedings of 1999 international conference of management & hellip ; 1999.0 
singular-value-decomposition approach to multivariable generalised predictive control . b kouvaritakis ja rossiter aot chang & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1993.0 
the institutional edge : how capital market rules influence work organization and competitive s christopherson us department of labor bureau of international affairs  
tri-service site characterization and analysis penetrometer system ( scaps ) validation at lake city usaewe station unpublished technology demonstration plan vicksburg ms  
spectrum to expand bill payment options l rosencrance computerworld  
761 severance dg lohman gm differential files : their application to the maintenance of large l severance acm trans . on database  
radar determination of winds at sea rk moore ak fung ieee proceedings 1979.0 
tolerance of trees to deficiencies of soil aeration g yelenosky proc . int . shade tree conf  
an interactivesystemto learn funcionallogic programs fbd gunetti   
atemporally oriented datamodel g aiuav acm trans . database syst  
dev. and hsui g klein  1987.0 
g calvert jm hay ka and lees dg 1973 dg barnes phil . mag  
some findings on the network performance of broadband hosts k lakshminarayanan vn padmanabhan   
prostaglandins for pregnancy termination in women with severe pre-eclampsia n van gemund ma de boer m van selm sa scherjon submitted for  
cognitive learning strategies and college teaching ce weinstein dk meyer new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
b. bhattacharjee . and c. kommareddy . scalable application layer multicast s banerjee proceedings of acm sigeomm august  
lubricant film thickness and shape using interferometry and imaging process r bassani e ciulli proceedings of the 23rd leeds-lyon symposiumon tribology . & hellip ;  
the interpersonal costs of seeking self-esteem le park j crocker unpublished manuscript  
from whence have we come ? the first twenty-five years of educational gerontology r hiemstra new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
emergency department approach to acute thoracolumbar spine injury e savitsky s votey journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
leave in time : a new service discipline for real time communications in a packet switching nework nrfj pasquale proceedings acm  
dynamic application configuration using mobile java objects in a next generation internet c ryan s perry submitted for publication 2003.0 
toxic site of action in distal axonopathies he lowndes t baker see ref  
interventions for mucous membrane pemphigoid and epidermolysis bullosa acquisita g kirtschig d murrell f wojnarowska n khumalo cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
methods of modern mathematical physics i : functional analysis ( revised and enlarged edition ) m reed b simon san diego  
the assessment center construct-related validity paradox : a case of construct misspecification w arthur t tubre see quinones  
nonlinear optical properties of organic molecules and crystals vols . 1 and 2 ds chemla j zyss i ( academic newyork  
optimization of externally modulated analog optical links ge betts lm johnson proc . spie 1991.0 
quantum electrodynamics of strong fields w greinerâ ? ¦  1985.0 
exploiting a history database for backup d lomet b salzberg   
data grid management systems a rajasekar a jagatheesan proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
speculation and historical interpretation for fifth and sixth graders e schneider la gregory social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
archival research methods . mj ventresca jw mohr companion to organizations  
the feasibility study on the virtualization of consulting company and corresponding business model l pu w yunfeng f yu proceedings of 2002 international conference on management & hellip ;  
umform techniques for loop optimization in proceedings of the acm international conference on w pugh  1991.0 
spatial variability of midtropospheric circulation patterns and associated surface climate in the mj keables physical geography  
fractal telecommunications networks s appleby bt technology journal 1994.0 
improvement of nephrotoxicity hypertension and lipid metabolism after conversion of kidney s friemann e feuring w padberg w ernst transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
energetic materialsâ ?? insensitivity and environmental awareness ar mitchell rd sanner proceedings of the 24th international annual conference on & hellip ;  
the ccube constraint object-oriented database system : an overview a brodsky ve segal proc . second international workshop on constraint database & hellip ;  
the design and evaluation of a high-performance soft keyboard alternative to qwerty s mackenzie sx zhang proceedings of acm chi  
therhetoricofeconomicx wiscon-sin d mccloskey  1985.0 
an algorithm for solving the discrete log problem on hyperelliptic curves p gaudry lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
dell blade : maximum power minimum space j delaney pc magazine  
additional resources . j duley new directions for higher education 1974.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?data networks as cascades : investigating the multifractal nature of internet wan trafficã cents a feldmann ac gilbert w willinger proc . of acm  
force sensing and control for a surgical robot p kazanzides   
u-tel : a tool for eliciting user task models from domain expert r chung-man dt maulsby a puerta proceedings acm  
spectrum analysis using optical processing tm turpin ieee proceedings 1981.0 
changing the corporate culture . jb kashner new directions for higher education 1990.0 
cockpit display of traffic information w johnson v battiste demonstration cd . flight deck display research group nasa  
low frequency variability in a simulated atmosphere ocean system rl jacob  1997.0 
logic based modeling and analysis of workflows h davulcu m kifer cr ramakrishnan iv   
efficient monitoring of database assertions m hammer sk sarin proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference  
disk shadowing d bitton j gray vldb 1988.0 
on minimizing setups in precedence constrained scheduling wr pulleyblank unpublished manuscript  
corporate mis/dp and end user computing : the emergence of a new partnership sk kwan kf curley acm sigmis database 1989.0 
plasma spray technology process parameters and applications kp sreekumar j karthikeyan pv ananthapadmanabhan  1991.0 
alternative fuels : a life cycle analysis mp gover g hitchcock dj martin gt wilkins proc . 26th int . symp . on automotiveâ ¹ echnology and & hellip ;  
laser-produced ion streams useful for technological applications j wolowski j badziak fp boody s gammino k proc . 28th eclim  
tw ( 1996 ) . a communication agreement framework for access/action control m roscheisen technical report stanford  
the logic of reusable propositional output . 1999 d makinson l van der torre   
learning from the inquiries : lessons for using collaborative inquiry as an adult learning strategy l yorks e kasl new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
poetry 1965 sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
poetic baldness and its cure . jeg zetzel md  
a multilevel composability model for semantic web services b medjahed ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
an exact algorithmforselecting partial scan flip-flops st chakradhar a balakrishnan vd agrawal proc . acm/ieee design automation  
the future of information systems-using social systems to create protocols for the virtual c kimble t conkar international engineering management conference 1996.0 
fairness matters in principal-agent problems : a comparison between ultimatum games dictator games m gustafsson t gã $ rling s fujii unpublished manuscript  
an efficient feature selection algorithm for classification of gene expression data c campbell y li m tipping   
recent adv. high pressure sci . technol s le floch m mezouar b anterion p toulemonde a at  
edition multi-support ã partir d'outils standard du marchã © du dictionnaire de gã © opolitique cf goldfarb proceedings of : deuxiã ¨ me ã © cole d &#39; ã © tã © sgml talloires ( & hellip ;  
qitian automatic replay generation for soccer video broadcasting j wang c xu e chng k wan proc of acm multimedia  
a ( 2001 ) . simulating the evolution of modular neural systems j bullinaria proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the cognitive  
0 . e. and heike v. 1965 a animalu phil .  
an algorithm for answering queries efficiently using views p mitra   
query processing in the schemaless and semistructured context s cluet g moerkotte unpublished manuscript  
solo together apart : evaluating modes of cscl for learning a problem solving task t wright a cockburn   
distributed concurrency control performance : a study of algorithms distribution and replication mj carey m livny vldb 1988.0 
review of current regulation techniques for three-phase pwm inverters mp kazmierkowski ma dzieniakowski iecon-proceedings - 1994.0 
ofs : an integrated form management system d tsichritzis vldb 1980.0 
spatial modelling of deforestation in southern cameroon : spatial disaggregation of diverse b mertens ef lambin applied geography 1997.0 
women at work-experiences and identity in rural east germany b van hoven area 2001.0 
contribution of hyperspectral remote sensing for lai estimation in precision farming a pacheco a bannari jc deguise h mcnairn k proceedings of the 23rd canadian symposium on remote sensing & hellip ;  
clinical applications of the auditory brainstem responseâ ?? introduction and overviewâ ?? singular lj hood san  
the condition number of the pagerank problem sd kamvar th haveliwala   
program behavior at the symbolic level a batson ieee computer  
broadband satellite networks : a networking perspective g morabito s palazzo c rosenberg computer networks  
thermal emission of gammas and lepton pairs from quark-gluon plasmas ( abstract only ) pv ruuskanen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
development of a muscle spindle model m mileusnic ie brown ge loeb proceedings of the 24th annual international conference of & hellip ; 2002.0 
entnahme und ã?bertragung von organen vom 5.11 . 1997 ( transplantationsgesetz ) g ã 1/4 ber die spende bgbl .  
mercurial toxicity and the perturbation of the mitochondrial control system j southard p nitisewojo de green fed proc 1974.0 
modelling the spatial distribution of suburban crime ma brown economic geography 1982.0 
cultural watersheds : diagramming one 's own experience of culture kj hoelscher social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
efficient multicast flow control using multiple multicast groups gaia.cs.umass.edu   
the sanctity of association : the corporation and individualism in american law ls o'melinn san diego law review 2000.0 
improved query performance with variant indexes . sigmod intl. conf p ã?neill d quass on management of data tucson  
electroenceph . clin p ellingson neurophysiol. '' i  
enduring issues in religion l john  1995.0 
temperature measurement in pediatric trauma patients : a comparison of thermometry and measurement lm bernardo r henker jo ` connor journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
matos ( 1987 ) . extending relational algebra and relational calculus with set-valued attributes and g ozsoyoglu zm ozsoyoglu journal of acm transaction on database  
aries : a multi-lingualinterpreter for a tool-fragment environment ec epp sj zeil coins technical report 86-57 university of massachusetts at  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?extended faceted ontologies y tzitzikas n spyratos p constantopoulos a procs of the 14th int . conference on advanced information & hellip ;  
markov chains and stochastic stability sp meyn rl tweedie  1993.0 
understanding global inequalities : world-systems approach pj taylor geography  
semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles hv jagadish j madar rt ng & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ; 1999.0 
genome-deficient reovirus particles : internal structures attributed to viral transcriptase complexes ka dryden dl farsetta g wang jm keegan bn submitted for  
an information quality management framework for cooperative information systems p missier c batini   
prefixspan : mining sequential patterns efficiently by prefix-projected pattern growth cs.ualberta.ca 17th international conference on data engineering  
statistics of random processes ii r liptser rs liptser r lipster a shiryaev a  2000.0 
a comparative perspective on the causes of terrorism r gupta international studies-bombay then new delhi - 1998.0 
directional wavelet transform via parabolic scaling : i. resolution of the wavefront set ej candes dl donoho technical report stanford university  
md 1995 johnnie e. jones pa vieta sr md  
escape deliverable 4.0 towards a common methodology esprit long term research project 25377 ja hughes a crabtree t rodden isbn  
counter current studies on actinide partitioning from sulphate bearing simulated high level waste ds deshingkar  1993.0 
pki : a question of trust and value r forno w feinbloom   
choosing a view update translator by dialog at view definition time . 12th int am keller conf . on very large data bases kyoto japan august  
data integration and warehousing in telecom italia s trisolini sigmod conference 1999.0 
managing legitimacy : strategic and institutional approaches mc suchman the academy of management review 1995.0 
sequential pattern mining with approximated constraints c antunes al oliveira   
best in class : self-service check-in kiosks give travelers more control l rosencrance computerworld  
madeus : an authoring enivironment interactive multimedia documents m jourdan c roisin l sabry-ismail l tardif proceedings of acm  
anne theodore roosevelt edina minnesota : abdo publishing 1999 nn welsbacher   
information literacy and accreditation : a middle states association perspective . hl simmons new directions for higher education 1992.0 
object model for database end-user interfaces-in proc m gyssens j paredaens dvga graph-oriented acm sigmod conference on the management of data atlantic  
putting packages to the test m burgess at 1993.0 
efficient optimistic concurrency control using loosely synchronized clocks acm sigmod int a adya r gruber b liskov u maheshwari conf . on management of data  
graph grammar engineering with progres a schuerr aj winter a zuendorf lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
visions of leadership : understanding the research literature . ad rose new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
a study of the hammer peening parameters on the fatigue behaviour of welded joints r baptista technical university of lisbon.  
gentran : an automatic code generation facility for reduce bl gates   
obtaining progressive protocols for a simple multiversion database model gn buckley a silberschatz vldb 1983.0 
processing xml streams with deterministic automata and stream indexes tj green a gupta g miklau m onizuka d suciu acm transactions on database systems 2004.0 
the point of no return during sexual arousal at which ejaculatory orgasm is inevitable pon return   
sedimentology and stratigraphy of the miocene zia sand of new mexico : geological society of america ce gawne part i  
significant reduction in the number of fungal infections after lung - heart-lung and heart h reichenspurner p gamberg m nitschke h transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
examination of error propagation in relationships between leaf area index and spectral vegetation r fernandes hp white s leblanc g pavlic h proceedings of the 23rd canadian remote sensing symposium  
improving the precision of a closed-domain question-answering system with semantic information h doan-nguyen l kosseim   
publishing and publishers : towards an historical geography of countryside writing c. 1930-1950 c brace area 2001.0 
investment in facility flexibility under uncertain competitor market entry rm franza c gaimon   
experience in building a cooperative distributed organization : lessons for cooperative buildings g fitzpatrick s kaplan s parsowith lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
a and l. martin 1973 do cells cycle j smith proc .  
access path selection in a relational database management pg selingerâ ? ¦ proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data  
rights of tods readers authors and reviewers rt snodgrass sigmod record 2002.0 
tree pattern aggregation for scalable xml data dissemination cy chan w fan p felber mn garofalakis r vldb 2002.0 
compound semiconductor device physics academic press s tiwari san diego  
video portals for the next century ( panel session ) r koenen h yu a zakhor f galliano c bouman n proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 1999.0 
attitude polarization : effects of group membership dm mackie j cooper journal of personality and social psychology  
heat conduction at low temperature : a non-linear generalization of the guyer-krumhansl equation g lebon d jou j casas-vazquez w muschik periodica polytechnica chemical engineering 1997.0 
influence of symbolically modeled instrumental aggression and pain cues on aggressive behavior dp hartmann journal of personality and social psychology 1969.0 
autecology of young-of-the-year brook trout ( salvelinus fontinalis ) in the emerald lake system ( cr soiseth  1992.0 
lighten up a laplante computerworld  
panel : future directions of database research-the vldb broadening strategy part 1 hj schek proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
cigarettes and domination in chinese business networks dl wank see davis  
numerical solution of ordinary differential equations lf shampine   
graduate education and continuing education . ke young new directions for higher education 1984.0 
replicated data management in distributed database systems sh son sigmod record 1988.0 
the need for openness in standards k krechmer   
symbolic analysis of transition systems n shankar lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
first thoughts on closure : problems and prospects . dp fowler md  
the asilomar report on database research p bernstein m brodie s ceri d dewitt mj sigmod record 1998.0 
8 thed . aoac international gaithersburg ba manual md  
the effects of sex marital status and educational background on selection decisions pa renwick h tosi the academy of management journal 1978.0 
the incredibly unique resting requirements of web apps g titterington application development trends 1999.0 
a schema partition for multimedia database management systems v turau   
viewing assessment as an innovation : leadership and the change process pj gray new directions for higher education 1997.0 
foreground object detection from videos containing complex background l li w huang iyh gu q tian proceedings of acm multimedia 2003.0 
bidirectional expansion for keyword search on graph databases v kacholia s pandit s chakrabarti s sudarshan proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
the effect of latitudinally varying solar wind flux on the lyman alpha sky background ( abstract only ) t summanen e kyrola r lallement jl bertaux oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
whither speech ? - the future of telephony av lewis f westall bt technology journal 1996.0 
a general linear time evaluator for attribute grammars f jalili acm sigplan notices 1983.0 
picodbms : validation and experience n anciaux c bobineau l bouganim p pucheral p proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
flexibly mapping synchronous groupware architectures to distributed implementations t urnes tcn graham submitted for publication 1999.0 
bayesian denoising of visual images in the wavelet domain ep simoncelli lecture notes in statistics-new york-springer verlag - 1999.0 
t. brown k. and noble h. 1987 providing timerelated constraints for conventional database d abbo proceedings of the 13th international conference on  
firm and worker heterogeneity and employer-employee matched data in the national longitudinal survey jm abowd h finer unpublished manuscript  
patching : a multicast technique for true video-on-demand services ka hua y cai s sheu   
social stigma : the affective consequences of attributional ambiguity j crocker k voelkl m testa b major journal of personality and social psychology  
service level management with agent technology t bissel m bogen c bonkowski v hadamschek computer networks 2000.0 
ge x si 1-x modulation-doped p-channel field-effect transistors tp pearsall jc bean r people at fiory proc . int . symp . si-mbe  
peritoneal non-closure at caesarean section cs wilkinson mw enkin cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
de waarde van information ? ( the value of information ? ; in dutch ) ew berghout  1993.0 
book review column k aberer sigmod 2002.0 
a stro-ph/9906504 p gorham k liewer c naudet and proc . 26th int . cr conf. salt lake city utah aug  
effect of propranolol of circadian variation of myocardial ischemia in elderly patients with heart w aronow a chul a mevlcando journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
rewering aggregate queries using views s cohen w nutt a serebrenik proc of the 18th acm sigact sigmod sigart symp on principles & hellip ;  
expression of the myelin basic protein gene in transgenic mice expressing human neurotropic virus s haas ns haque ah beggs k khalili virology-new york - 1994.0 
towards a benchmark for the evaluation of software testing techniques j miller m roper m wood a brooks information and software technology 1995.0 
een boek vol bomen m lozet   
the design of the user interface for a large physics experiment g manduchi g fregonese c taliercio tw fredian information and software technology  
implementing data cubes efficiently . acm sigmod proceedings 1996 and via ftp db v harinarayan r rajaraman jd ullman stanford . edu as  
computer-aided prototyping : transformational approach n habra information and software technology 1991.0 
effect of added dietary fat on exercising horses km greiwe tn meacham jp fontenot   
probabilistic optimization of top n queries ddr ramakrishnan  1999.0 
nature of the optical transitions in charged oligothiophenes jpb cornil jl br & das acc . chem . res 1992.0 
probabilities for a probabilistic network : a case-study in oesophageal carcinoma lc van der gaag s renooij bmp aleman bg taal submitted for publication 2001.0 
individual predictions of eye-movements with dynamic scenes e barth j drewes t martinetz   
organizational career stage as a moderator of the satisfaction-performance relationship s gould bl hawkins the academy of management journal 1978.0 
a multi-environment cost evaluator for parallel database systems . procedings of the 2nd int . dasfaa f andres m couprie y viemont international conference on very large databases santiago  
london math . soc l rayleigh proc . 17  
text enhancement in digital video based on multiple frame integration h li ds doermann proceedings of acm multimedia  
the opening price performance of initial public offerings of common stock cb barry rh jennings   
self-complexity as a cognitive buffer against stress-related illness and depression pw linville journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
promoting a global perspective . children 's literature . t mcgowanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
formalization of generics for the . net common language runtime d yu a kennedy d syme   
chemical classification of the intermediate and acid rocks ( deccan trap ) of salsette island sf sethna hk battiwala bombay : journal of the geological society of india  
the cog project : building a humanoid robot ra brooks c breazeal m marjanovic b scassellati lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
a computational model of neural contour processing f heitger r von der heydt proc . int . conf . computer  
optimal histograms for limiting worst-case error propagation in the size of join results s christodoulakis acm transactions on database systems 1993.0 
non-malleable encryption : equivalence between two notions and an indistinguishability-based m bellare a sahai lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
artdb-95 workshop report m berndtsson j hansson acm sigmod record  
geography in the new polytechnics lj wright jh jones geography  
the use of electrical impedance moments for structural health monitoring ac rutherford g park h sohn cr farrar proceedings of the 22 '' d imac dearborn mi  
application of radar for detecting radioactive emissions from nuclear power plants ap elokhin en kononov at .  
field tests on the essential components of the european nightjarâ ?? s song m abs proc . int . ornithol . congr  
fat trees : univ. networks for hardware efficient supercomputing ce leiserson ieee  
sql : 2003 has been published g introduction sigmod record 2004.0 
the hyperion project : from data integration to data coordination m arenasâ ? ¦ sigmod record 2003.0 
a real-time gc with low overhead and consistent utilization pc david f baconâ ? ¦ proc . acm popl  
the quality of life of donors potential donors and recipients of living-related donor renal f gouge j moore jr ba bremer cr mccauly jp transplant proc 1990.0 
information integration : the momis project demonstration s bergamaschi s castano a corni r guidetti g 26th vldb : int . conf . on very large  
approximate query processing : taming the terabytes ! a tutorial   
investigation on protoplast regeneration from leaves of monoembryonic and polyembryonic citrus n tusa g ferrauto e calderaro proc int soc citriculture  
the los angeles project at claremont graduate university : analyzing public policy in an era of tr rochon new directions for higher education 2000.0 
g. & spyropoulos c. ( 2000b ) . learning to filter spam e-mail : a comparison of a naive bayesian and a i androutsopoulos j koutsias g paliouras vs procs of workshop on machine learning and textual & hellip ;  
human resource management manufacturing strategy and firm performance ma youndt sa snell jw dean jr dp lepak the academy of management journal 1996.0 
a partial test and development of the delone and mclean model of is success pb seddon my kiew proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
inorganic-organic hybrid molecular architectures of cyanometalate host and organic guest systems : s nishikiori h yoshikawa y sano t iwamoto acc . chem . res 2005.0 
keys for xml . p buneman sb davidson w fan cs hara wc tan computer networks 2002.0 
evaluating the performance of software distributed shared memory as a target for parallelizing al cox s dwarkadas h lu   
misdiagnosis of bilateral ectopic pregnancies : a caveat about operator expertise in the use of mc o'brien t rutherford journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
microsoft corporation h. robinson intelligent search test group . applying models in your testing s rosaria information and software  
the limits of local initiatives : a reassessment of urban entrepreneurialism for urban development h leitner m garner urban geography 1993.0 
deadlock detection in distributed databases : a new algorithm and a comparative performance n krivokapãc a kemper e gudes the vldb journal  
unusual congenital brain malformations with associated defects of the vrolik collection : meckel - b baljet f van der werf rj oostra b verbeeten learning and thinking proceedings of the 23rd gã ¶ ttingen & hellip ;  
contraction conditions for average and-discounted optimality in countable state markov games with e altman a hordijk fm spieksma submitted to mor  
on the estimation of the number of desired records with respect to a given query ct yu ws luk mk siu acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
sets and negation in a logic data base language ( ldl1 ) c beeri s naqvi r ramakrishnan o shmueli s proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
anger and frontal brain activity : eeg asymmetry consistent with approach motivation despite negative e harmon-jones jjb allen journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
on the accuracy of embeddings for internet coordinate systems ek lua t griffin m pias h zheng j crowcroft proceedings of acm imc 2005.0 
contracts for inter-organizational workflow management m koetsier p grefen j vonk procs . 1st int . conf . electr . commerce and web  
methylamide / - carboline ( fg 7142 ) an anxiogenic benzodiazepine antagonist is also a proconvulsant j rossier rh dodd s feldblum a valin l prado lancet i  
utilizing unilateral and multilateral groups to enhance program development . ms charuhas new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
behavioral ecology of tropical birds : academic press bjm stutchbury es morton san diego ca  
a review of the fractal image compression literature d saupe r hamzaoui acm siggraph computer graphics 1994.0 
query graphs implementingtrees andfreely-reorderableouterjoins a rosenthal c galindo-legaria proc .  
almost homomorphisms and kk-theory a connes n higson unpublished manuscript 1989.0 
argumentation and qualitative decision making s parsons s green lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
partial-match retrieval using hashing and descriptors k ramamohanarao ja thom jw lloyd acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
artificial intelligence in network management ja smith m fry & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems  
on-line handwriting recognition using character bigram match vectors a el-nasan   
the effect of altered sex ratios on the spawning of red salmon.â ?? in : studies of alaska red salmon ( oa mathisen  1962.0 
firewalling the net sd hubbard jc sager bt technology journal 1997.0 
convergence analysis for principal component flows s yoshizawa u helmke k starkov   
the database research group at eth zurich mc norrie s blott hj schek g weikum sigmod record 1994.0 
the effect of national culture organizational complementarity and economic motivation on joint sh park gr ungson the academy of management journal 1997.0 
ventricular flutter in a neonate-severe electrolyte imbalance caused by urinary tract infection in kc thies k boos k muller-deile w ohrdorf t journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
qualifications of evaluators : a federal perspective w lohr new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
poirot f. layout driven logic restructuring/decomposition pa bouzeid ks akouti gs aucier proc . acm/ieee design automation conference  
y. 1990 . randomized algorithms for optimizing large join queries y ioannidis cha kang proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
a mixed approach toward an efficient logical structure recognition from document images t hu r ingold   
theoretically sound transformations for practical database design a rosenthal ds reiner proceedings of the sixth international conference on entity - & hellip ; 1987.0 
geometric algorithms for online optimization 2003 a kalai s vempala unpublished  
data parallel fortran j sanzâ ? ¦ technical report ibm almaden research center march  
epidemic algorithms in replicated databases r steinke   
filter banks allowing perfect reconstruction . m vetterli signal proc. 1986.0 
thermoremanent magnetization . ii . experiments on multidomain grains cwf everitt phil . mag  
they do n't like girls hanging around there ' : conflicts over recreational space in rural f tucker h matthews area 2001.0 
microsoft windows 2000 security technical reference d clark  2000.0 
ï ? - dimers and ï ? - stacks in solution and in conducting polymers ll miller kr mann acc . chem . res  
improving mailed questionnaire design s sudman n bradburn new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
approximate similarity search in high dimensions via hashing a gionis p indyk r motwani   
contentious politics in complex societies m giugni f passy from contention to democracy 1998.0 
advanced physico-chemical experiments : a textbook of practical physical chemistry and calculations j rose  1964.0 
eddies : continuously adaptive query processing jm hellerstein r avnur proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
locating calls to the emergency services ph salmon bt technology journal 2003.0 
evaluating the size of queries on relational databases with non-uniform distribution and stochastic s salza m terranova proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1989.0 
multi-media gets real c levin r raskin mj ross n zelnick pc magazine  
determinants of thrombin specificity e di cera am cantwell annals-new york academy of sciences 2001.0 
higher-order factors of the big five jm digman journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
parametrization of all decoupling compensators and all achievable diagonal maps for the unity - ieeexplore.ieee.org   
compiling control into queries for parallel execution management bs pascale d benoã ® t c carla & hellip ; conference on parallel and distributed information systems & hellip ;  
database and revised checklist of new york state plants . part 1 ) mitchell rs a database of new york rs mitchell microsoft access  
characterization of the c. elegans gap-2 gene encoding a novel ras-gtpase activating protein and its s hayashizaki y iino m yamamoto genes to cells 1998.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?catching the boat with strudel : experiences with a web-site management systemã cents â ? ¬ â ? mf fernandez d florescu j kang ay levy d suciu proc . of the acm sigmod  
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us j blakeley acm sigmod record 2001.0 
robust real-time query processing with qstream s schmidt t legler w lehner proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
health statistics 1993 s welfare athens : national statistical service of greece  
enterprise data architectures : a study of practice gg shanks first australian data management conference  
sur la theorie non commutative de lâ ?? integration a connes  1979.0 
application of a statistical in the data processing 2âª asamblea hispano-portuguesa de geodesia y a venedikov j arnoso r vieira  2000.0 
the enantioselective synthesis of-amino acids by phase-transfer catalysis with achiral schiff base mj o'donnell acc . chem . res 2004.0 
using sign all il # g messages instead of clocks j jaffe unpublished manuscript  
an efficient i/o interface for optical disks js vitter acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
content manager on demand guide wd zhu s jefferson m adair m pepper h martens  2003.0 
personality in synthetic actors d rousseau b hayes-roth technical report ksl 96-21 stanford university  
a strawman analysis of the probability of wait and deadlock . technical report rj2131 ibm san jose j gray p homan hf korth r obermarck proceedings of acm-sigmod 1996 intcrnational conference on & hellip ;  
identification of major meloidogyne species employing enzyme phenotypes as differentiating pr esbenshade ac triantaphyllou see ref  
mv3r-tree : a spatio-temporal access method for timestamp and interval queries t yufei d papadias  2000.0 
tracking the best linear predictor m herbster mk warmuth   
constrained iterative restoration algorithms rw schafer rm mersereau ma richards ieee proceedings 1981.0 
numerical methods for random matrices a edelman po persson  2002.0 
growth and characterization of high-performance photorefractive batio3 crystals c warde mh garrett jy chang hp jenssen hl  1991.0 
future of mobile and wireless communications m birchler pp smyth g martinez m baker bt technology journal 2003.0 
effects of landslide-dam-break floods on channel morphology : unpublished ms ac johnson  1991.0 
game theory ( third edition ) academic press g owen san diego  
design methodology using sdl md cookson sg woodsford bt technology journal 1993.0 
multilevel concurrency a new correctness criterion for database concurrency control '' na lynch acm transactions on database systems  
al-taha richard t. snodgrass michael d. soo bibliography on spatiotemporal databases k khaled acm sigmod record  
amd j j shanmugasundaram j kiernan ej shekita c fan funderburk â ?? querying xml views of relational dataâ ?? vldb  
rs crandall s. guha and j. yang ah mahan e iwaniczko bp nelson rc reedy jr proceedings of the 25 thieee photovoltaic specialists & hellip ;  
technology strategy bt exact j hill bt technology journal 2004.0 
toward a comprehensive theory for alzheimer 's disease . hypothesis : alzheimer 's disease is caused by dj selkoe annals-new york academy of sciences 2000.0 
web dropouts : concerns about online privacy send some consumers off-line c levin pc  
the vb5 interface ma hale at gillespie ka james bt technology journal 1998.0 
keeping your private information private b glass pc magazine  
dynamic modelling and simulation of two-mode electric variable transmission d zhang j chen t hsieh j rancourt mr schmidt proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
computing geographical scopes of web resources . in proceedings of the 26th j ding l gravano n shivakumar vlbd conference  
respirometric evaluation of process kinetic and stoichiometry for aerobic systems phd thesis e ubay cã?okgoã?r istanbul technical university  
efficacy and safety of nicotine on alzheimerâ ?? s disease patients jm lopez-arrieta jl rodriguez f sanz cochrane database syst . rev 2001.0 
effects of the march 1992 drawdown on the freshwater molluscs of the lower granite area snake tj frest ej johannes deixis consultants seattle washington  
point-based surface decomposition and patch selection based on level set methods c xiao q peng   
analysis and design of multiagent systems using mas-commonkads ca iglesias m garijo jc gonzalez jr velasco lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
web services and information delivering for diverse environments j freire b kumar vldb conference cairo october  
two examples of group exams from communication and engineering kl sandell l welch new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
techniques for the interruption of tubal patency for female sterilisation jm nardin r kulier m boulvain cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
on the solution of a finite element approximation of a linear obstacle plate problem lm fernandes in figueiredo jj judice   
design of new daspk for sensitivity analysis s li lr petzold   
estimation and testing package ( egret ) e graphics seattle washington : statistics and epidemiology research & hellip ;  
user adaptive exploration of olap data cubes s sarawagi proc . vldb  
evolutionary comparisons of chorion structural and regulatory genes in two wild silkworm species n moschonas  1980.0 
semantic adaptation of schema mappings when schemas evolve c yu l popa proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
special section on data mining for intrusion detection and threat analysis d barbarã ¡ acm sigmod record 2001.0 
february 12 2003 professor of biology eastern washington university telephone conversation a scholz ecology and environment inc. seattle  
a distributed heterogeneoussutercomputing management system g arif j yang ieee computer  
silver . on the singular cardinals problem h jack proc . int . congr . math . vancouver  
reconsidering mutli-dimensional schemas t martyn sigmod record 2004.0 
quantitative description of spatially homogeneous textures by characteristic grey level co - g gimel ` farb & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems 2000.0 
cleavage cracking resistance of high angle grain boundaries in feâ ?? 3 si alloy as argon y qiao  2002.0 
an advanced on-line wind resource prediction system for the optimal management of wind parks g kariniotakis d mayer cd-proceedings of the medpower conference athens greece  
measuring child adolescent and family service use bj burns a angold ej costelloâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation  
uniform random number generators md maclaren g marsaglia journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1965.0 
environmental control of the synthesis and activity of aquatic microbial ectoenzymes rj chrã ³ st microbial enzymes in aquatic environments 1991.0 
sept. 11 attacks prompt decentralization moves j vijayan computerworld  
heterogeneous nuclear rna-ribonucleoprotein f binds to dna via an oligo ( dg ) - motif and is associated t yoshida k kokura y makino v ossipow t tamura genes to cells 1999.0 
crustacean mysids of greek waters a hatzakis  1982.0 
malpractice occurrence in emergency medicine : does residency training make a difference ? sw branney pt pons vj markovchick go thomasson journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
an extensible compressor for xml data h liefke d suciu sigmod record 2000.0 
transform analysis and option pricing for ane jumpdiusions d due j pan k singleton technical report graduate school of business stanford  
a utility framework for the automatic generation of audio-visual skims h sundaram l xie sf chang   
battered women 's experiences in the emergency department jc campbell mj pliska w taylor d sheridan journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
factorization methods for discrete sequential estimation academic press g bierman san diego  
integrated tunable transmitters for wdm networks la coldren   
broadcast disks : data management for asymmetric communications environments sa vi r alonso m franklin s zdonik proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of  
anaesthesia for treating distal radial fracture in adults hh handoll r madhok c dodds cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
from stack inspection to access control : a security analysis for libraries t blanc   
software requirements [ m ] ew karl  1999.0 
a generalization of fenchel conjugation giving generalized lagrangians and symmetric nonconvex po lindberg proc . int .  
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access mehod for points and rectangles t brinkhoff hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm sigmod  
radar wipes out irs tapes ; consultant cites poor ground ej bride   
pattern matching and pattern discovery in scientific program and document databases jtl wang k zhang d shasha proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
k. smith entity modeling in the mls relational model m winslett proceedings of the 18th international conference on  
improving the start-up of a congestion control scheme for tcp jc hoe proc . acm sigcommâ ?? 96  
greedy perimeter stateless routing b karp h kung proceedings of acm conf . on mobile computing and networking  
tetrahedron lett p cernuchovã ¡ g vo-thanh v milata a loupy s  2005.0 
traces of culture : searchbots scour the web looking for visual information s wilson proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
multimedia documents with elastic time my kim j song & hellip ; of the third acm international conference on multimedia 1995.0 
qcdnum15 : a fast qcd evolution program m botje to  
nulls in relational databases : revised r kocharekar acm sigmod record 1989.0 
object-oriented querrying of existing relational databases da keim hp kriegel a miethsam   
kweelt : more than just â ?? yet another framework to query xml!â ?? sigmod demonstration session a sahuguet   
infoharness : use ofautomatically generated metadata for search and retrieval ofheterogeneous l shkiar a sheth v kashyap k shah   
others . the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann proceedings of the acm sigmod  
building applications with microsoft outlook version 2002 r byrne  2001.0 
continuum of literacy program models : alternative approaches for low-literate welfare recipients lg martin new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
tell me a good story : using narrative analysis to examine information requirements interviews during r alvarez j urla acm sigmis database 2002.0 
paper tigers : a model of the asian currency crisis g corsetti p pesenti n roubin  1998.0 
three methods used to solve an examination timetable problem jp boufflet s negre lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
the hybrid tree : an index structure for high dimensional feature spaces k chakrabarti s mehrotra   
basic fibroblast growth factor ( fgf-2 ) expression is increased in human renal fibrogenesis and may f strutz m zeisberg m dietrichâ ? ¦  1998.0 
producers networks turn to web for viewersâ ?? voice d whitney electronic media  
matching creativity requirements and the work environment : effects on satisfaction and intentions to ce shalley ll gilson tc blum academy of management journal 2000.0 
some efficient algorithms for rough set methods sh nguyen hs nguyen proc .  
edas j. cornil d. beljonne da dossantos z. shuai jl br acc . chem . res  
development of an mpd thruster system for epex space test k toki y shimizu k kuriki h suzuki y kunii proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion  
tsai hg yan & hellip ; mechanism of adenylate kinase . demonstration of a functional  
simultaneity causality and spectral representations d censor submitted for  
microdynamic analysis of bed expansion and stability of gas fluidisation bh xu ab yu  2001.0 
context nuggets : a smart-its game m beigl a krohn c decker p robinson t zimmer demonstration : ubicomp seattle  
atom ^ 3 : a tool for multi-formalism and meta-modelling j de lara h vangheluwe lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
hyponatremia and seizures in an ultradistance triathlete-current concepts on pathogenesis and db speedy i rogers s safih b foley journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
toward a psychological structure of human values sh schwartz w bilsky journal of personality and social psychology  
target-identical rapid control prototyping platform for model-based engine control w lee m shin m sunwoo proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2004.0 
role of dielectric flushing on electrical discharge machining performance a erden proceedings of the 23rd mtdr conference manchester uk  
xcerpt and visxcerpt : from pattern-based to visual querying of xml and semistructured data s berger f bry s schaffert c wieser proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
automated direct determination of copper in urine and whole blood by zeeman corrected atomic p dube at . spectrosc  
everquest : a medium evaluated ( undergraduate term paper for communication 480 ) l veckaktins seattle : university of washington  
1.2 . 2 windows nt ---------------- '' java . lang jdk sun outofmemoryerror ''  
the principles of adult mentoring scale . nh cohen new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
cascade subcritical reactor as a fuel-cycle component pn alekseev vv ignatâ ?? ev oe kolyaskinâ ? ¦ at .  
self-similarity through high-variability : statistical analysis of ethernet lan traffic at the source w williger ms taqqu we leland dv wilson proceedings of acm sigcomm  
an multi-targets evaluation approaches to customers credit zf zhou xw tang proceedings of 2003 international conference on management & hellip ; 2003.0 
welfare reform in miami . implementation effects and experiences of poor families and neighborhoods t brock i kwakye j polynã © l richburg-hayes d  2004.0 
efficient cross-domain mechanisms for building kernel-less operating systems d probert j bruno  1996.0 
near-optimal n-layer channel routing rj enbody hc du proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
the order of things : activity-centred information access m chalmers k rodden d brodbeck www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
man-machine communication . c meadow  1970.0 
the temperature dependence of radiation sensitivity of large molecules es kempner r wood r salovey   
managing user expectation f hayes computerworld  
multi-table joins through bitmapped join indices on o'ngg95 patrick g graefe acm sigmod record  
knowledge interchange format version 3 reference manual 1992 computer science department mr genesereth re fikes stanford university technical report logic-91-1 . ( http://www-ksl  
how perspective-based reading can improve requirements inspections vr basili f shull i rus ieee  
intrusion detection inter-component adaptive negotiation rj feiertag s staniford-chen kn levitt m computer networks 2000.0 
dealing with data in democratic classrooms . d whitin social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
innovation regional knowledge spillovers and r & d cooperation m fritsch g franke   
functional network analysis as an effective scoring system for protein structure prediction g del rio a garciarrubio m cusack de bredesen   
some observations on the development of the organization in phanerogamous plants m schleiden phil . mag  
determinants of fruit and vegetable consumption among children and adolescents : review of the m rasmussen r krã ¸ lner ki klepp l lytle j brug   
mapp2200 a second generation smart optical sensor r forchheimer p ingelhag c jansson proc . spie 1992.0 
short pcps verifiable in polylogarithmic time e ben-sasson o goldreich p harsha m sudan s unpublished manuscript 2004.0 
presented at the nasa sel workshop dec. 1993 nasa goddard space flight center greenbelt f mcgarry md  
the outreach impact and sustainability of group-based credit : empirical evidence from rural chile s hauge  1998.0 
supporting continuous consistency in multiplayer online games fwb li lwf li rwh lau proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
viral fusion mechanisms j bentz  1992.0 
putting it together . k mcgrory new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
interleukin-6 as anti-tumour agent in renal cell carcinoma jml stouthard h goey ege de vries ph de mulder submitted for publication  
on localized prediction for power efficient object tracking in sensor networks y xu wc lee proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
fast similarity search in the presence of longitudinal scaling in time series databases ej keogh   
real-time concurrent collection on stock multiprocessors aw appel jr ellis k li   
the nature and implications of recent population growth in california r goodenough geography  
electrochemical power conversion ar despic proc of the 29th iupac congress cologne 1983.0 
schneider m. realm-based spatial data types : the rose algebra rh gtifing  1995.0 
â ?? through-wafer copper plating for 3-d interconnect nt nguyen e boellaard np pham g craciun vg procs . of  
videoqa : question answering on news video h yang l chaisorn y zhao sy neo ts chua proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
surgical interventions for age-related cataract ( cochrane review ) t snellingen jr evans t ravilla a foster cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
incremental development : review of nonmonolithic life-cycle development models . dr graham information and software technology 1989.0 
organizational learning communities and the dark side of the learning organization ph owenby new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
data partitioning and load balancing in parallel disk systems p scheuermann g weikum p zabback the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
roles of adult males in grizzly bear population biology sf stringham international conference on bear research and management  
modular neural networks for multi-service connection admission control ws soh ck tham computer networks 2001.0 
exclusions and demand for insurance : risk theory seminar 1999 r garratt jm marshall   
maximal vector computation in large data sets p godfrey r shipley j gryz international conference on very large data bases ( vldb ) 2005.0 
a new class of qos routing strategies based on network graph reduction c casetti rl cigno m mellia m munafo z zsoka computer networks 2003.0 
the effectiveness of the modular technology lab in the mosinee middle school dw masterson  2001.0 
the shaping of menâ ?? s minds : adaptations to the imperatives of culture ya cohen see ref  
vibration damping ad nashif dig jones jp henderson  1985.0 
phenomena-a visual query language for continuous fields r laurini l paolino m sebillo g tortora g procs of acmgis  
die microsoft . net plattform . eine einfã 1/4 hrung d platt  2001.0 
fault-tolerant architectures for continuous media servers r rastogi pj shenoy a silberschatz sigmod conference 1996.0 
page 419 in physics computing 1992 de groot ra and nadrchal j. eds . ( world scientific singapore k nagel j. phys . i france  
non-technical issues in network design-economic legal social and other considerations ph enslow jr ieee computer  
the design of a rotating associative memory for relational database applications cs lin dcp smith jm smith acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
data and computation transformations for multiprocessors jmasp amarasinghe ms lam proc . ppopp acm press  
ecdeu assesment manual for psychopharmacology revised edn . us dept of health education and welfare w guy md  
supporting state-wide immunization tracking using multi-paradigm workflow tech a sheth k kochut j millerâ ? ¦ proc . 22nd vldb conf. bombay india  
extending the reach of randomized social experiments : new directions in evaluations of american ja riccio hs bloom & hellip ; papers on research methodology . manpower demonstration & hellip ;  
interpreting measured night flows e report   
a delay-tolerant network architecture for challenged internets k fall   
quantum invariants of knots and 3-manifolds de gruyter vg turaev new york  
and social programs t evaluators new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
real-time rendering of plant leaves l wang w wang j dorsey x yang b guo hy shum proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
efficient concurrency control for broadcast environments j shanmugasundaram a nithrakashyap r sigmod conference 1999.0 
telepresenceâ ?? the future of telephony gr walker pj sheppard bt technology journal 1997.0 
sina : scalable incremental processing of continuous queries in spatio-temporal databases mf mokbel x xiong wg aref proc . sigmod conf 2004.0 
faculty as a force to improve instruction through assessment . g loacker new directions for teaching and learning 1988.0 
cultural constraints on transfer of technology across nations : implications for research in bl kedia rs bhagat the academy of management review 1988.0 
a knowledge based structural design of machine tools for fms/fmc k iwata n sugimura proc . of 21st int . seminar of manufacturing  
status of the jyfl-ecr ion source ( abstract only ) j arje v nieminen j choinski ta antaya oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
pierre auger collaboration s argiroâ ? ¦ proc . 28th icrc ( tsukuba japan 2003 )  
xml : how it will be applied to digital library systems hh kim electronic library 2000.0 
'' hostages '' and cooperation in the prisoner 's dilemma cz qin   
fools for power annotation of visual content : lxicographical approach yc park proc . of acm  
cart : tree-structured non-parametric data analysis d steinberg pc colla san  
forwarding in a content-based network a carzaniga al wolf   
ly uy-loi et al. design of localizer capture and track hold for a transport airplane : an hâ ?? / ltr bm chen a saberi proc . of the 29th conference on design and control 1990.0 
regional ground-water quality : van nostrand reinhold wm alley new york  
evidence that the conformation of the actomyosin complex with bound adp . pi ( the am adp . pi state ) s xu   
freshness-driven adaptive caching for dynamic content web sites ws li o po wp hsiung ks candan d agrawal data & knowledge engineering 2003.0 
the next generation of uppaal a david g behrmann kg larsen w yi   
the cost of general education . rp lisensky new directions for higher education 1993.0 
an annotated bibliography of grasp p festa mgc resende operations research  
the banca database and evaluation protocol e bailly-bailliere s bengio f bimbot m hamouz lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
using classroom research in a large introductory science class . j olmstedâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
: supplement to the proceedings of the 18th british national conference on databases at ral 9-11 w id   
the use of glasgow coma scale in poisoning b chan p gaudry tm grattan-smith r mcneil journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
an extensible database system for spatio-temporal queries c chen h wang c zaniolo submitted for publication  
a comprehensive study of self-esteem in children diagnosed with attention deficit and hyperactivity jl voecks  2003.0 
topology optimization methods with applications in mechanism mems and material design o sigmund  2001.0 
ketamine abusers presenting to the emergency department : a case series al weiner l vieira ca mckay jr mj bayer journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
ordered packet scheduling in wireless ad hoc networks : mechanisms and performance analysis v kanodia c li a sabharwal b sadeghi e proceedings of acm  
query by image and video content m flickner h sawhney w niblack j ashley q ieee computer  
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries g gottlob c koch r pichler acm transactions on database systems 2005.0 
the human element in computerized conferencing systems sr hiltz computer networks  
immunoelectron microscopic studies of glycosaminoglycans in the metaphyseal bone trabeculae of t kazama m takagi t ishii y toda the histochemical journal 1992.0 
a conceptual model for understanding the physical attributes of learning environments . rd fulton new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
corrections : perspectives on research policy and impact jw newton pg zimbardo  1975.0 
affective intelligenceâ ?? the missing link ? rw picard g cosier bt technology journal 1997.0 
community characteristics of old-growth western juniper woodlands ws waichler rf miller ps doescher journal of range management 2001.0 
beirutâ ?? s memoryside : hear no evil see no evil afh naccache see meskell  
ballantine books m pipher   
chapman & hill new york london etc ms waterman   
homogenous measures ~ ad polynomial time iavaxiaz ~ ts la levin proc . 29th ieee syrup . on foundations of computer science  
design of a simulation environment based on software agents and the high level architecture z maamar information & software technology 2003.0 
07-mars-2003 congested d toxicity   
distributed deviation detection in sensor networks tpdpv kalogeraki d gunopulos sigmod record 2003.0 
the boulder optimal logic design system d bostick gd hachtel r jacoby mr lightner p proc . iccad  
hh bruggemann universal relatlon views a pragmatic approach jb bbi proc vldb  
block algorithms for fast fourier transform on vector and parallel computer m hegland   
music of young children pf studies santa barbara california : pillsbury foundation for & hellip ;  
broadening the context for teaching evaluation r cannon new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
impurity transport simulation in radiatively improved and itb plasmas in ftu l carraro m finkenthal k fournier l gabellieri   
evidence of energetic reaction between helium and hydrogen species in rf generated plasmas j phillips c chen   
quotient cube and qc-tree : efficient summarizations for semantic olap y zhao  2003.0 
linux deepening its canadian foothold rb patrick computerworld  
biomedical journals and the world wide web d schoonbaert electronic library 1998.0 
on the solution of reroute sequence planning problem in mpls networks bg jozsa m makai computer networks 2003.0 
thrombolysis for acute deep vein thrombosis li watson mp armon cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
an honorable mention project d lerner social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
technologies for e-services f casati d georgakopoulos   
sex role adaptability : one consequence of psychological androgyny sl bem journal of personality and social psychology  
temporal database bibliography update acms record s record sigmod record 1982.0 
exchange perturbation theories applied to electron-hydrogen atom scattering ca venanzi ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1978.0 
nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs for low back pain mw van tulder rj scholten bw koes ra deyo cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
an adaptive peer-to-peer network for distributed caching of olap results p kalnis sigmod conference 2002.0 
the '' certification '' paradigm h smith b walvoord new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
sql-like operator for mining association rules r meo g psaila s ceri a new proceedings of international conference on very large & hellip ;  
stereo depth estimation : the confidence interval approach g kamberova r bajcsy proc . intl. conf . computer vision iccv98 bombay india jan  
amphetamine cocaine and dizocilpine enhance performance on a lever-release conditioned avoidance i white j christensen g flory d miller g rebec psychopharmacology 1995.0 
preliminary optimal orbit design for the laser interferometer space antenna sp hughes proceedings of the 25 thaas guidance and control conf. & hellip ;  
substructure analysis of complex systems using rigid body information of components ws hwang dh lee proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
urban analysis and the computer : a strategic approach for urban policy analysis sj bernstein proc . acm urban syrup  
classroom 2000 : a system for capturing and accessing multimedia classroom experiences acm chi ' 98 g abowd j brotherton j bhalodia demonstration  
an encyclopedia publisher 's perspective interactive multimedia apple computer inc p cook  1988.0 
another history of bluegrass : the segregation of american popular music 1820-1900 a farmelo popular music and society 2001.0 
methemoglobinemia secondary to cleaning solution ingestion l freeman rw wolford journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
bluetooth-a new low-power radio interface providing short-range connectivity jc haartsen s mattisson proceedings-ieee 2000.0 
chat circles groupware f viegas j donath proceedings of acm chi  
sz and tokhi mo ( 2004a ) . neuro-adaptive vibration suppression of flexible beam structures m hashim proceedings of the 23rd iasted international conference on  
how would i feel if ... ? mood as input to a role fulfillment evaluation process ll martin t abend c sedikides jd green journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
fine-grained control of security capabilities d boneh x ding g tsudik acm transactions on internet technology 2004.0 
adenocarcinoma of the uterine cervix associated with pregnancy : a retrospective 10-year cl cook-glenn s keyhani-rofagha   
a novel assay for cobalt-albumin binding and its potential as a marker for myocardial ischemia-a d bar-or e lau jv winkler journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
formal eavesdropping and its computational interpretation 2001 m abadi j jurjens   
managing rule conflicts in an active database hv jagadish ao mendelzon is mumick proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod sigart symposium on & hellip ; 1996.0 
scalable parallel data mining for association rules eh hanâ ? ¦ sigmod conference 1997.0 
xtract : a system for extracting document type descriptors from xml documents a gionis m garofalakis r rastogi s seshadri k proc . of acmsigmod 2000 international conference on & hellip ;  
on user criteria for data model evaluation wc mcgee acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
decentralised and hierarchical control of interconnected uncertain systems a bahnasawi   
a realization of a concurrent object-oriented programming language ch jo cj lee j son proc . acm symposium on applied computing  
public access to computerized record systems me mccombs proc . acm urban symposium  
grid and applications ( industrial session ) f leymann vldb 2003.0 
â ?? a review of complementary transistor circuits ras is electronic design  
spotfire : an information exploration environment c ahlberg sigmod record 1996.0 
the nimble integration system d draper ay halevy ds weld proc . of sigmod  
distributed ada : case study ra volz p krishnan r theriault information and software technology 1991.0 
entrepreneur or intermediary : the nature of the relationship manager 's job cs iacono m subramani   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?analysis of low density codes and improved designs using irregular graphs ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in mg luby m mitzenmacher ma shokrollahi da proc . acm symp  
statistical profile estimation in database systems . cornput suru . 20 3 ( sept. 1988 ) 191-221 m mannino p chu t sager acm transactions on database systems  
hr filtering on delta-sigma modulated signals da johns dm lewis electronic letters  
computer documentation for senior citizens s tilley   
risiken und komplikationen der schilddrã 1/4 senchirurgie hã $ ufigkeit und therapie hd rã ¶ her pe goretzki p hellmann j witte der chirurg 1999.0 
surface simplification using quadric error bounds m garland p heckbert proc . of acm siggraph  
models for smooth infinitesimal analysis i moerdijk ge reyes  1990.0 
evidence for turonian rift related extensional subsidence and tertiary backthrusting : the almopias i sharp ahf robertson bull . geol . soc . greece athens  
mentoring : an adult developmental perspective ml otto new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
managing knowledge about information system evolution m jarke t rose   
a review of wildlife management practices in north dakota : effects on nongame bird populations and g berkey r crawford s galipeau d johnson d report submitted to region  
assessment of the ecological environment in hainan island based on rs & gis m rong-hua h meng-chun tropical geography 2001.0 
incremental maintenance od externally materialized views m staudy m jarke the proceedings of the 22th very large database ( vldb ) & hellip ;  
how dos programs can use over 1mb of ram j prosise pc magazine 1993.0 
simplicity j maeda bt technology journal 2004.0 
a query language based on the ambient logic l cardelli g ghelli lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
a structured approach for the definition of the semantics of active databases . tech . pep . 95-028 p fraternali l tanca acm trans . database syst . ( to appear )  
bpredator : a resource for database research â ?? â ?? p seshadri sigmod  
how to do high-speed multicast right ! g doerries l zier computer networks 2001.0 
on the algorithmic interpretation of multiclass kernel-based vector machines k crammer y singer journal of machine learning research  
parametrized self-organizing maps h ritter proc . icann  
minimization and group-by detection for nested xqueries a deutsch y papakonstantinou y xu data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
relativistic astrophysics in black hole and low-mass neutron star binaries ltsa98 w cui  2000.0 
sick software c jones computerworld  
morse â ?? m hopper csp demonstration  
a panel study of coping with involuntary job loss aj kinicki ge prussia fm mckee-ryan academy of management journal 2000.0 
the implementation and performance of compressed databases twd kossmann   
osmotic phenomena in smooth muscle af brading see ref  
j ousterhout â ?? the design of xprs â ?? m stonebraker r katz d patterson proc . of 14th vldb conference  
bank re-engineers to fight mexican inflation t hoffman computerworld  
symmetric and asymmetric traffic in multitier cellular systems a iera a molinaro s marano submitted for  
grobner basis property on elimination ideals in finite group theory ma borges-trenard h perez-roses m borges - procs . of the conf.â ?? logic mathematics and computer  
virtual instrument what they are where theyâ ? ² re at p benneff electronic products  
seismic regionalization signal detector and source locator es husebye yv fedorenko   
9685 scranton road m simulations san diego  
die abhã $ ngigkeit des o 2-verbrauchs der niere von der na-rã 1/4 ckresorption p deetjen k kramer pflã 1/4 gers archiv european journal of physiology 1961.0 
aggregation of a polypeptide with expanded polyglutamine domain in yeast cells leads to defects in ab meriin x zhang nb miliarasâ ? ¦ submitted for publication  
disjunctive queries in object bases a kemper g moerkotte k peithner m steinbrunn proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
a study of concurrency control in real-time active database systems a datta sh son ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2002.0 
an improved algorithm for finding a key of a relation s kundu proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
temporal coalescing with now incomplete information and granularity ce dyreson proceedings of  
internet metaphors matter mi taniguchi new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
the sparking potential of air for high frequency discharges ewb gill rh donaldson phil . mag  
targeted denial of service attacks a kuzmanovic ew knightly tcp low-rate proceedings of acm sigcomm  
a. sangiovanni-vincentelli â ?? interface-based design â ?? ja rowson proc . acm/ieee design automution conf  
generalizinggloss to vector-space databases and broker hierachies lgh garcia-molina proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;  
modelling the case process : empirical issues and future directions s king r galliers information and software technology 1994.0 
beclomethasone for asthma in children : effects on linear growth pj sharek da bergman cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
when code is content : experiments with a whistling machine m bã ¶ hlen jt rinker proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
influence of the intermediate principal stress on mechanical properties of a sand s ogawa s mitsui o takemure proc . 29th annual meeting of jsce part  
prototyping : helping to build the right software g tate information and software technology 1990.0 
a methodology for the creation of user views during database design vc storey rc goldstein acm trans . database systems  
mathgridlink-a bridge between mathematica and the grid d tepeneu t ida procs . jssst03  
physics-motivated features for distinguishing photographic images and computer graphics tt ng sf chang j hsu l xie mp tsui proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
enhancing organisational creativity : the process of perpetual challenging c andriopoulos a lowe management decision 2000.0 
replica allocation for correlated data items in ad hoc sensor networks t hara n murakami s nishio sigmod record 2004.0 
a history of system r and sql/data system ra yost proc . very large data bases cannes  
efficacy and safety of d-sotalol a pure class iii antiarrhythmic compound in patients with s hohnloser t meinertz p stubbs journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
photoinduced alignment of lc polymers by the combination of photo-orientation and thermotropic self - j stumpe t fischer m rutloh r rosenhauer jg proc . spie 1999.0 
neural stem cells as a source of graft material for transplantation in neuronal disease w akamatsu h okano no to hattatsu 2001.0 
the knowledge based management systems project . g wiederhold j kaplan d sagalowicz acm sigmod record  
a study on the framework of grid based decision support system c jiayu c xueguang s ling proceedings of 2003 international conference on management & hellip ;  
towards a unification of topic constructions . e raposo manuscript university of california santa barbara  
perspectives on pricing . lh litten new directions for higher education 1986.0 
dynamics of manifolds in random media : the self-consistent hartree approximation h kinzelbach j. phys . i ( france ) 1993.0 
globalizaciã ³ n inmigraciã ³ n y educaciã ³ n universidad de granada granada e gervilla   
an injection of tree awareness : adding staircase join to postgresql s mayer t grust m van keulen j teubner proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
pitt and wilhelm b mclennan phil . mag  
sensitivity analysis of assumptions determining size and cost of lunar installations hh koelle technical university berlin ilr  
computer challenges ekg as heart saver of future . m johnson computerworld. 1990.0 
age classique ( paris : gallimard 1972 ) 90 h foucault   
biopsychosocial rehabilitation for upper limb repetitive strain injuries in working age adults k karjalainen a malmivaara m van tulder r roine cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
cell structures for future dramâ ?? s h sunami   
password authentication using public-key encryption ty hwang proc . int . carnahan conf . security  
a data model and data structures for moving objects databases e nardelli m schneider l forlizzi rh gã 1/4 ting acm sigmod  
the south bridge kyiv ukraine mh korniyiv gb fuks & hellip ; engineering international iabse zurich switzerland  
polymorphic versus monomorphic flow-insensitive points-to analysis for c js foster m fahndrich a aiken lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
independent and separable database schemes epf chan ao mendelzon proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
strategic restructuring : a case study . ja hyatt new directions for higher education 1993.0 
communications skills training c chambers intergenerational innovations seattle washington  
temaâ ?? the geography of a new port d hilling geography  
twelve tips for better presentations g venditto pc magazine  
benchmarking sap r/3 archiving scenarios b zeller a kemper data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
peripheral tolerance induction : lessons from immune privileged sites and tissues jw streilein transplantation proceedings 1996.0 
ipo underpricing insider selling and subsequent equity offerings : is underpricing a signal of ja garfinkel   
mapping politics : how context counts in electoral geography j agnew political geography 1996.0 
srinivasan . accessing relational databases fromtheworld wide web t nguyenandv proc . acm sigmod conference  
robust model predictive control y wang  2002.0 
presentation at the workshop on future low energy neutrino experiments g horton-smith j atwell rd mckeown p vogel technical university munich munich  
cmm and tods r snodgrass sigmod record 2005.0 
calcium channel blockers for acute traumatic brain injury j langham c goldfrad g teasdale d shaw k rowan cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
com + verstehen . ds platt  1999.0 
logic based modeling and analysis of workflows [ a ] d hasan k michael proceedings of the seventeenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart  
key facts rl escobar d party p radical area 2001.0 
variable-depth trie index optimization : theory and experimental results r ramesh ajg babu jp kincaid acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
temperature mapping of magnetic resonance-guided laser interstitial thermal therapy ( litt ) in gkh eyrich e bruder p hilfiker b dubno hh md 2000.0 
quickset : a multimodal interface for distributed interactive simulation pr cohen l chen j clow m johnston d mcgee j   
pole assignment self-tuning regulator pe wellstead d prager p zanker proc . lee  
short-term treatment with proton pump inhibitors h2-receptor antagonists and prokinetics for gastro b van pinxteren me numans pa bonis j lau cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us a steventon bt technology journal 2000.0 
optimistic strategies for large-scale dissemination of multimedia information r yavatkar l manoj   
xwave : optimal and approximate extended wavelets for streaming data s guha c kim k shim proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
automating physical database design in a parallel database j rao sigmod conference 2002.0 
automatic generation of self-test programsâ ?? a new feature of the mimola design system g krã 1/4 ger proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
optimization of mixed-media communication networks k maruyama computer networks  
silberschatza ( 1988 ) extended algebraandcalculusfornestedrelationaldatabases ma roth hf korth   
repton model of gel electrophoresis and diffusion b widom jl viovy ad defontaines j. phys . i france 1991.0 
kluwer academic publishers 1991 i approach   
incremental maximization of non-instance-averaging utility functions with applications to knowledge s wrobel   
the encyclopedia of higher education ( four volumes ) b clark g neave isbn  
traffic forecasting method study on economic development area [ a ] gai chun-ying pei yu-long proceedings of 2001 international conference on management & hellip ; 2001.0 
d. wood and s. shah â ?? a modified hoek-brown failure criterion for jointed rock massesâ ?? e hoek proc . int . symp . eurock â ?? 92  
implications of classical scheduling results for real-time systems ja stankovic   
implications of pocket optimization on analog performance in deep sub-micron cmos rfm roes a van brandenburg ah montree ph proc . 29th eur . solid-state device research conf  
a characterization of de bruijn digraphs y wu r jia q li   
ode ( object database and environment ) the language and the data model actes r agrawal n gehani acm sigmod etats-unis juin  
midlevel administrators : what we know vj rosser new directions for higher education 2000.0 
investigation on emission characteristics of a compression ignition engine with oxygenated fuels and hw wang zh huang lb zhou dm jiang zl yang proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2000.0 
implementation of an agent-based business process g pang   
3-d molecular assembly of function in titania-based composite material systems . mh bartl sw boettcher kl frindell gd stucky acc . chem . res 2005.0 
building distributed control systems using distributed active realtime databases m lundin  1998.0 
multi-dimensional constrained gradients in data cubes g dong j han j lam j pei k wang proceedings of 27th international conference on very large  
whang and r. krishnamurthy . query optimization in a memory-resident domain relational calculus k wk acm transactions on database systems  
the design of a cots real-time distributed security kernel m correia p verissimo nf neves lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
a history of the snobol programming languages re griswold history of programming languages 1978.0 
coloring that reveals cluster structures in multivariate data s kaski j venna t kohonen & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems  
fingerprinting and forensic analysis of multimedia d schonberg d kirovski proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the organizational impact of profit sharing gw florkowski the academy of management review 1987.0 
an integrated color-spatial approach to content-based image retrieval h wynne ts chua hk pung proc . acm multimedia  
fast high-dimensional data search in incomplete databases bc ooi ch goh kl tan vldb 1998.0 
the other america : teens in prison gb stewart san diego : lucent  
eddies : continuous query optimization r avnur j hellerstein proceedings of sigmod  
computation of nonlinear turbulent free surface flows using the parallel uncle code m beddhu r pankajakshan my jiang m remotigue c proceedings of the 23rd symposium on naval hydrodynamicsâ ?? & hellip ;  
testing for usability can head off disaster b stahl computerworld  
deriving production rules for incremental rule maintenance s ceri j widom proceedings of the 17th vldb conference  
mccracken : software faces seven major issues . r shoor computerworld. 1981.0 
analysis of handoff in a location-aware vertical multi-access network m ylianttila j mã $ kelã $ k pahlavan computer networks 2005.0 
mood and the mundane : relations between daily life events and self-reported mood la clark d watson journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
constraintlisp : an object-oriented constraint programming language ' b liu yw ku acm sigplan notices 1992.0 
comprehensive support for graphical highly interactive user interfaces ba myers da giuse rb dannenberg ds kosbie e   
the psychology of interpersonal relations f heider   
modeling focus of attention for meeting indexing s rainer y jie w alex proceedings of acm multimedia  
shutdown budget and funding x qian sigmod record 1996.0 
matrix transpose on meshes with wormhole and xy routing rapp . tech c ho ibm research division almaden research center juin  
aspects of a high-performance parallel-architecture simulator ea brewer master &#39; s thesis mit laboratory for computer science  
a general solution of the n-dimensional b-tree problem m freeston sigmod conference 1995.0 
keynote address to the acm history of programming languages ~ conference gm hopper history of programming languages . academic press new york  
a graphical query language suplx ~ rting recursion if cruz ao mendelzon pt wood proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
discrete orthonormal sequences pw broome journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1965.0 
l. oâ ?? gorman â ?? an object model for image recognition â ?? hv jagadish ieee computer  
mathematics beyond 2000 r spanneberg proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the mathematics & hellip ;  
the crystal structure of resr 2 gacu 2 oy g roth p adelmann g heger r knitter t wolf j. phys . i  
advising for goals development and assessment of educational resources . bj sloan new directions in higher education 1975.0 
turtle and david d. lewis . 1991 . '' the use of phrases and structured queries in information wb croft r howard proceedings of acm  
radioecological consequences of the radiation accident on the nuclear-powered submarine in bukhta yv sivintsev vl vysotskii va danilyan at .  
e-commerceâ ?? s garage-band days are over m wagner   
an empirical evaluation of defect testing techniques m roper m wood j miller information and software technology  
mmdb reload algorithms mh eich proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1991.0 
idi : informative summarization of differences in multidimensional aggregates s sarawagi   
some adaptations in the nesting behavior of terns jm cullen proc . int . omithol . congr  
joining multiple data streams with window constraints m hammad w aref k elmagarmid proceedings of the 28th vldb confrerence  
fast lossy internet image transmission jm danskin gm davis x song   
conservation of a hairpin ribozyme sequence in hiv-1 is required for efficient viral replication o yamada g kraus b sargueil q yu jm burke f virology-new york - 1996.0 
academic service learning : a counternormative pedagogy jpf howard new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
localized rademacher complexities pl bartlett o bousquet s mendelson lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
abdominal wall and stomach perforation following accidental electrocution with high tension wire : a s kumar s thomas s lehri journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
educating the public about energy conservation . gs schiff new directions for higher education 1981.0 
aqueous electrolyte : model parameters and process simula-tionph d thesis k thomsen technical university of denmark  
neuronal discrimination capacity j feng p williams  2002.0 
tap : a semantic web test-bed r guha r mccool journal of web semantics 2003.0 
alkylated metal compounds mimic signal molecules : the induction of programmed cell death via hf krug p herrlich   
taking diversity seriously : new developments in teaching for diversity llb border new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
guanxi : connections as substitutes for formal institutional support kr xin jl pearce the academy of management journal 1996.0 
yasm : yet another software development methodology e skordalakis athens greece : software engineering laboratory national & hellip ;  
soil water repellency mg wallis dj horne advances in soil science-new york - 1992.0 
secure network management by delegation j schoenwaelder computer networks  
the impact of xml on databases and data sharing l seligman a rosenthal   
cheap bjdd is really acm sigmod record  
ncgia research initiative 3 technical report : multiple representation bp buttenfield  1990.0 
india 's nuclear posture after pokhran ii k bajpai   
if it changes it must be a process : study of emotion and coping during three stages of a college s folkman rs lazarus journal of personality and social psychology 1985.0 
donor-specific factors predict graft function following liver transplantation pd greig j forster ra superina sm strasberg m transplant proc 1990.0 
efficient dynamic-programming updates in partially observable markov decision processes ml littman ar cassandra lp kaelbling   
lof : identifying densitybased local outliers acm sigmod conference vol mm breunig hp kriegel rt ng j sander dallas tx may  
designing clusters with infiniband : early experience with mellanox technology j liu j wu dk panda c shamir submitted for  
the influence of gender occupation ecological status autonomy and decision making opportunity on if rockman  1985.0 
automatic video annotation using ontologies extended with visual information m bertini a del bimbo c torniai proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
constructions and properties of costas arrays sw golomb h taylor ieee proceedings 1984.0 
locking protocols for materialized aggregate join views g luo jf naughton cj ellmann mw watzke proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
logistics excellence in europe at kearney at kerney  
social exclusion goes digital ? a critical reconceptualisation of the â ?? digital divideâ ?? r gill ac pratt association of american geographers annual conference new & hellip ;  
the merge/purge problem for large databases s stolfo proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ; 1995.0 
j am oil chem soc jj la scala rp wool   
c++ as the living language s boris pc-magazine russian  
nutrition decision tree wm dear y webb isbn  
on the performance of bitmap indices for high cardinality attributes k wu e otoo a shoshani proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
fortran interface to x. 25 and transport service . g andreoni computer networks 1984.0 
an algebraic approach to rule analysis in expert database systems e baralis j widom proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
integrated urban air quality control and management l kliucininkas international conference ecological technology and & hellip ;  
assessment of general learning : state university of new york college at fredonia jr hurtgen new directions for higher education 1997.0 
visual basic . net step by step m halvorson  2002.0 
the decline of seasonal labour migration to the coffee forests of south-west ethiopia ap wood geography  
effective hand degerming in the presence of blood . e larson l bobo journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
s-plus 2000 : programmerâ ?? s guide i mathsoft & hellip ; analysis products division mathsoft seattle washington  
synchrotron radiation applications in mineralogy and petrology : selection of papers ss augustithis  1988.0 
retargeting motion to new characters m gleisher proc . of acm  
automated lip-synch and speech synthesis for character animation jp lewis fi parke   
ecomrisk . org : an e-commerce security resource f makedon c heckmanâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer & hellip ;  
hill and da wood . dbmss on a modern processor : where does time go in ag adhw dj ailamaki md dewitt proceedings of the international conference on very large  
the contagion of self-focus within a dyad b stephenson ra wicklund journal of personality and social psychology  
mesocosm evaluation of a new endothall polymer formulation . md netherland eg turner proc . 29th ann . meeting aquatic plant control research & hellip ;  
freshwater mollusks of the upper sacramento system california with particular reference to the tj frest ej johannes deixis consultants seattle washington  
dipivalyl epinephrine ( dpe ) : a new prodrug in the treatment of glaucoma ai mandell sm podos see ref  
a scheme for predicting user-perceived networked application performance ma oliver iw phillips dj parish kr bharadia bt technology journal 1999.0 
high-frequency ceramic dielectrics and their application for microwave components w wersing electronic ceramics 1991.0 
industrial panel on data warehousing technologies : experiences challenges and directions u dayal proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ; 1999.0 
a bit-level systolic block fir filter chip with built-in self-test structure '' jc wang cw wu proc . int . symp .  
report on the edbtâ ?? 04 workshop on database technologies for handling xml information on the web m mesiti b catania g guerrini a chaudhri sigmod record 2004.0 
prophylactic benefits at exam time on cell mediated immunity through self hypnosis training jh gruzelier f smith a nagy d henderson  2000.0 
a divide-and-conquer strategy for shallow parsing of german free texts g neumann c braun j piskorski proceedings of anlp-2000 seattle washington 2000.0 
computers in modern ~ ociecy rj kochenburger cj turcio hamilton publishing santa barbara  
intravenous or enteral loop diuretics for preterm infants with ( or developing ) chronic lung disease lp brion ra primhak cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
the late quaternary environmental history of the windmill islands east antarctica-initial evidence h cremer d gore h kirkup a mc minn m melles d & hellip ; symposium proceedings . athens greece : university of athens  
multirelations - semantice and languages a klausner n goodman vldb 1985.0 
catching the boat with strudel : experiences with a web-site management system d florescu j kang sigmod conference 1998.0 
decoding genetics and molecular biology : sharing the movies in our heads m zolan s strome r innes new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
is & t 's nip18 int . conf . digital printing technol k suganami m takeuchi t oguchi  2002.0 
application of evaporography to imaging of far-infrared radiation patterns g dodel j krautter h haeglsperger & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
the sequoia storage benchmark m stonebraker j frew k gardels j meredith acm sigmod international conference on management of  
a physical piano model for music performance g borin d rocchesso f scalcon proc . int . computer music conf  
agent-based semantic interoperability in infosleuth . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
species number stability and equilibrium status of reptile faunas on the california islands ba wilcox the california islands : proceedings of a multidisciplinary & hellip ; 1980.0 
camel : a moving object database approach for intelligent location aware services c ying rao fangyan yu xiulan liu dong & hellip ; of international conference on mobile data management jan  
the economic future.â ?? pt christianity  1986.0 
confidence in b2b sinks to a major new low . m meehan   
does the public have a role in evaluation ? surveys and democratic discourse gt henry new directions for program evaluation  
efficient minimization of new quadric metric for simplifying meshes with appearance attributes . ( h hoppe s marschner  2000.0 
a training algorithm for optimal margin classifiers [ a ] . haussler d b boser i guyon v vapnik proceedings of the 5th annul acm workshop on computational & hellip ; 1992.0 
a concurrent database manipulation problem : binary search trees ht kung pl lehman acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
vibrations due to loads moving with sub-critical and supercritical velocities on rigid track g pflanz j garcia g schmid proc . int . workshop wave  
global ventures and alliances n milway bt technology journal 2000.0 
racial discrimination in housing sales : an empirical test of alternative models of broker behavior j simonson r wienk unpublished manuscript  
a method to extract the business rules from a large legacy system ab earls msc thesis department of computer science cardiff university (  
asp winners and losers rl mitchell computerworld  
induction of apoptotic cell death by 1 25 ( oh ) 2 d 3 in mcf-7 breast cancer cells j welsh m simboli-campbell m tenniswood proceedings of the ninth workshop on vitamin d. walter de - & hellip ;  
microphysical properties of single and mixed-phase arctic clouds derived from ground-based aeri dd turner  2003.0 
quantifying urban and rural sprawl using the sprawl index dm theobald annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;  
doi/10 .1199 / tab . 0016 american society of plant biologists rockville ma jenks sd eigenbrode b lemieux md  
floor control for large mbone seminars r malpani l rowe proc . acm multimedia  
responses of grapevines and grapes to spacing of and within canopies nj shaulis grape and wine centennial symposium proceedingsâ ?? . ed . d. & hellip ;  
active passives a mahajan wccfl san diego  
modelling events in database applications design v de antonellis b zonta proceedings of the 7th vldb  
methods of modern mathematical physics vol . ii + iii : academic press m reed b simon san diego  
literature study for geographic literacy : grades 3 to 6 . rf allen jd hoge social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
communities of practice and the role of location : revealing limits of virtuality and knowledge d sole m huysman proceedings of the 23rd international conference on  
matntenance of views o shmueh a ira   
factors influencing detection probabilities and the benefits of call broadcast surveys for cj conway jp gibbs md  
chronic continuous or intermittent infusion of cocaine differentially alter the concentration of st cain d griff cm joyner eh ellinwood neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
the grazing land ecosystems of the african sahel hn le houã © rou  1989.0 
real time traffic measurements for high-speed networks pc hershey cb silio jg waclawsky bt technology journal 1995.0 
ground state properties of the anisotropic triangular antiferromagnet p fazekas pw anderson phil . mag. 1974.0 
characterization of multipotent adult progenitor cells a subpopulation of mesenchymal stem cells m reyes cm verfaillie annals-new york academy of sciences 2001.0 
a plea for powder-free surgical gloves rf edlich journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
cellular localization of bovine pancreatic trypsin inhibitor and related molecular forms in bovine r businaro e fioretti l fumagalli g citro g de the histochemical journal 1988.0 
glutamine : a major energy source for cultured mammalian cells hr zielke cl zielke pt ozand fed proc 1984.0 
exchange rate policy for emerging markets : one size does not fit all f larraãn a velasco unpublished manuscript  
the geography of employment in the cultural industries : toward a cross national comparison ( uk and ac pratt annual conference of the american association of geographers & hellip ;  
isolated bladder rupture after minor trauma in a patient with alcohol intoxication am herd ng crofts lm lee jvj girard journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
adaptive network overload controls mj whitehead pm williams bt technology journal 2002.0 
income inequality b nolan b maitre bust to boom  
a template for assessing the organizational base for program implementation ma scheirer new directions for program evaluation  
determination of as cd and pb in foodstuff by gfaas me soares ml bastos f carvalho m ferreira at . spectrosc  
major symphony orchestra labor relations le lunden  1967.0 
strong typing and physical units r mã $ nner acm sigplan notices 1986.0 
e-business essentials mp graven pc  
weathering : its products and deposits ks balasubramaniam  1989.0 
on the semantics of â ?? now ` in databases rt snodgrass acm transactions on database systems  
algorithms for burst rescheduling in wdm optical burst switching networks sk tan g mohan kc chua computer networks 2003.0 
on the computation of relational view complements j lechtenborger g vossen acm transactions on database systems 2003.0 
a gene that encodes a proline-rich nodulin with limited homology to psenod12 is expressed in the m loner am hirsch submitted for  
the role of sequence markers in reading and recall : comparison of native and nonnative english sr goldman  1988.0 
world shrimp farming 2000 b rosenberry shrimp news international 2000.0 
hierarchical clustering via joint between-within distances gj szekely ml rizzo  2003.0 
virtual reality and program comprehension : application using spreadsheet visualisation rd gregson msc thesis department of computer science university of durham  
seismic safety policy in california : local governments and earthquakes aj wyner de mann  1983.0 
analog-to-digital conversion architectures for intelligent optical sensor arrays g torelli l gonzo m gottardi f maloberti a proc . spie 1996.0 
metadata in video databases r jain a hampapur sigmod record 1994.0 
the 2d lid-driven cavity problem revisited ch bruneau m saad   
a polarized view of string topology available at math r cohen v godin   
ontology management in enterprises z cui vam tamma f bellifemine bt technology journal 1999.0 
there 's nowt so queer as folk ! d attwater l mcgrail n sargent bt technology journal 2000.0 
die gallersche knochensammlung dokumentation teil 2 e amsler  1994.0 
the self-organization of stable perceptual maps in a realistic musical environment m leman f carreras proceedings of the journã `` es d &#39; informatique musicale caen ed & hellip ;  
secure computation s micali p rogaway unpublished manuscript  
tools for datalog boundedness gg hillebrand pc kanellakis hg mairson my vardi proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1991.0 
decision-making in a fuzzy environment re bellman la zadeh management science 1970.0 
data stream management system for mavhome q jiang s chakravarthy   
sequnce query processing p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan proc . of the acm sigmod conf. pages430441 minneapolis mn & hellip ;  
on traveling incognito g ateniese a herzberg h krawczyk g tsudik computer networks 1999.0 
scrimshaw : a language for document queries and transformations ds arnon   
virtuosity : programmable resource management for spawning networks at campbell j vicente v dam computer  
helen griffee p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
traps-classifiers of temporal patterns h hermansky s sharma   
sharp bases and weakly uniform bases versus point countable bases av arhangel ` skii w just   
entropy interpretation of active and passive learning controllers fa casiello ka loparo submitted for  
screening for vitamin d depletion am parfitt lancet i 1984.0 
selegiline for alzheimerâ ?? s disease j birks l flicker cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
limitations and possibilities for improvement of photovoltaic solar energy converters part i : m wolf proc . ire  
teaching experimental science : enzymes and the laboratory . jm foster new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
odmg-93 : a standard for object-oriented dbmss rgg cattell   
packing schemes for gang scheduling dg feitelson lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
understanding client/server computing w fastie pc magazine enterprise computing  
monadic state : axiomatization and type safety . in the acm sigplan international conference on j launchbury a sabry acm press new  
c. faloutsos estimating the selectivity of spatial queries using the â ?? correlationâ ?? fractal a belussi conference proceedings of vldb zurich switzerland sept  
emergency department compression ultrasound to diagnose proximal deep vein thrombosis bw frazee er snoey a levitt journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
phoenix maps out gis plan gh anthes computerworld  
a two-layered integration approach for product catalogs in b2b e-commerce b omelayenko d fensel   
techniques for indexing olap data s sarawagi technical report ibm almaden research center 1997 . in  
staffing intermediate care services : a review of the literature to inform workforce planning sa nancarrow g mountain isbn  
the cyber all project : a personal store for everything cg bell   
towards self-tuning data placement in parallel database systems ml lee m kitsuregawa bc ooi kl tan a mondal sigmod conference 2000.0 
minos 5.4 release notes appendix to minos 5.1 userâ ?? s guide b murtagh m saunders technical report stanford university  
authentic assessment : testing in reality md svinicki new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
alcoholics anonymous a anonymous   
on the optimality of disk allocation for cartesian product files ( extended abstract ) kas abdel-ghaffar   
natural and terrorist threats to drinking water supplies wd burrows ja valcik a seitzinger proceedings of the 23rd environmental symposium  
general constructions for information-theoretic private information retrieval a beimel y ishai e kushilevitz unpublished manuscript available at www . cs . bgu . ac . il /  
1157 : â ?? a simple network management protocol ( snmp ) â ?? : may 1990 j. case snmp research m. fedor rfc ietf mit laboratory for computer science . ( status :  
collaborative multimedia : getting beyond the obvious b nardi s bly e isaacs sx wei s whittaker proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
gigabit wdm-pon system using spectrum-slicing technologies k akimoto j kani m teshima k iwatsuki proc . 29th eur . conf . optical communication  
rehabilitation for distal radial fractures in adults hh handoll r madhok te howe cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
communicationwith directed logic variables . in 18 thacm popl a kleinman y moscowitz a pnueli e shapiro  1991.0 
theophylline toxicity due to drug interaction . m tenenbein journal of emergency medicine 1989.0 
a unified approach to program and data conversion bc housel vldb  
formal methods for communication services : meeting the industry expectations f dietrich jp hubaux computer networks 2002.0 
embeddedness in practice numbers in context : the politics of knowing and doing p moss   
group correspondence biases and the provision of public goods st allison nl kerr journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
the social equity of urban service distribution : an exploration of park access in pueblo colorado e talen urban geography 1997.0 
software snafu triggers order delays loss t hoffman   
all about me : a personal heritage project s czartoski mg hickey social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
diapers and underpads part 2 : cost outcomes ds brown   
category : 43 report available from the nasa center for aerospace information 7121 standard drive zfzfuu subject   
the complexity of transformation-based join enumeration a pellenkoft1t2 ca galindo-legaria m kersten   
integrating spatial and temporal databases s report   
on the equilibrium of vapour at a curved surface of liquid w thomson phil . mag  
state constitutionalism and the domain of normative theory db rodriguez san diego law review 2000.0 
some findings on the cost of congestion in a retail application of waiting line analysis rd vonriesen barnes jim d. and heflin thomas l. proceedings and  
managing a db2 parallel edition database g fecteau proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
biogeography and distribution of three parapatric salamander species in coastal and borderland kp yanev the california islands : proceedings of a multidisciplinary & hellip ; 1980.0 
interface and component design with com m kirtland technical report microsoft corporation  
leisure-time physical activity among us adults j crespo s keteyian g heath journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
but perhaps the wily gardiner had prudently ingratiated himself with anderson ( who as we know was cj anderson   
score region algebra : building a transparent xml-r database v mihajloviä ? he blok d hiemstra pmg apers proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
for multimedia pcs a peleg u weiser comm . acm 1997.0 
the grid file : an adaptable symmetric multikey fik w-ture j nievergelt h hinterberger kc sevcik acm trans . on database systems  
initial trust formation in new organizational relationships dh mcknight ll cummings nl chervany the academy of management review 1998.0 
a userâ ?? s hand - 108 . nibbering nmm â ?? â ?? gas-phase ion/molecule reactions as studied by ft/icr . â ?? o nmr m spectrometry acc . chem . res  
scheduling a system of affine recurrence equations onto a systolic array y yaacoby   
an introduction to three-dimensional climate modeling wm washington cl parkinson   
bo sciences a water quality model for massachusetts and cape cod bays : calibration of the bays i hydroqual technical report naic0103 massachusetts water resources  
semi-continuity in slim floor steel-concrete composite systems c bernuzzi f gadotti r zandonini 1 steuropean conference on steel structures athens greece & hellip ;  
tracking join and self-join sizes in limited storage n alon pb gibbons y matias m szegedy proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst 1999.0 
in : soft x-ray optics and technology e pfeffermann ug briel h hippmann g kettenring proc . spie  
universal plug and play in windows xp t fout   
targeted disruption of the homeobox transcription factor bapx1 results in lethal skeletal dysplasia h akazawa i komuro y sugitani y yazaki r nagai genes to cells 2000.0 
what went wrong at oxford health ? j champy computerworld  
communities of learning and thinking or a context by any other name al brown jc campione contributions to human development  
hybrid dynamic data race detection jd choi   
smad8b a smad8 splice variant lacking the ssxs site that inhibits smad8-mediated signalling m nishita n ueno h shibuya genes to cells 1999.0 
newly developed economical and efficient push/pull hemodiafiltration t shinzato k fujisawa s nakai m miwa contributions to nephrology 1994.0 
the evolution of federal personnel management evaluation d jordan new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
effect of thyrocalcitonin in man gv foster gf joplin i macintyre ke melvin e lancet  
heavy-tailed distributions in combinatorial search cp gomes b selman n crato lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
role-based security object oriented databases and separation of duty m nyanchama s osborn acm sigmod record 1993.0 
security strategies for field area networks c schwaiger t sauter   
massive subgaleal hematoma following minor head trauma . ds cooling p viccellio journal of emergency medicine 1991.0 
optimizing boolean expressions in object-bases a kemper g moerkotte m steinbrunn   
the effects of geology and large organic debris on stream channel morphology and process for streams t tally  1980.0 
the inadequate environment : nitrogen and the abundance of animals tcr white  1993.0 
interactions between excitation and unmodelled dynamics in adaptive control kj astrom proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference on decision and & hellip ;  
reconstructing proofs at the assertion level x huang lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
cost-benefit analysis and business case analysis of usability engineering c karat proceedings of acm chi  
microsoft . corn : a high-scale data management and transaction processing solution s kennamer sigmod record 1998.0 
extracting comprehensible models from trained neural networks mw craven  1996.0 
using semantic knowledge for transaction processing in a distributed database h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1983.0 
a shifted-averaging vco with precise multiphase outputs and low jitter operation hh chang sp chen si liu   
coarse grained parallel next element search a chan f dehne a rau-chaplin   
data mining as selective theory extraction in probabilistic logic m jaeger h mannila e weydert   
flowers offering oil instead of nectar s vogel xi bot . congr . abstr . seattle washington  
organizing university economic development : lessons from continuing education and technology gw matkin new directions for higher education 1997.0 
upland development in the tropics : alternative economic strategies in a philippine frontier wt conelly  1983.0 
business networks and transnational corporations : a study of hong kong firms in the asean region hwc yeung economic geography 1997.0 
census of marine life : fishing industry perspectives tj lassen oceanography-washington dc-oceanography society - 1999.0 
cm . ( 1996 ) . sensuality in product design : a structured approach gh hofmeester jah kemp a blankendaal proceedings of acm chi96  
using uml for modeling complex real-time systems b selic lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
studies of voids in neutron-irradiated aluminum single crystals . pt . 2 . small-angle neutron rw hendricks j schelten w schmatz phil . mag. 1974.0 
an open source framework for adaptive inifiniband-based cluster and grid computing in the presence s frechette dr avresky submitted for  
sagitta method with guaranteed convergence a santos-palomo submitted for publication 2005.0 
role of phosphorylation in the regulation of acetyl-coa carboxylase activity rw brownsey rm denton see ref  
an interactive query language for external data bases fh lochovsky d tsichritzis vldb 1982.0 
an equity assessment of the standard incremental method fl smith ba broberg proceedings of the 23rd annual  
d. ( 1995 ) . fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and c faloutsos ki lin proceedings of  
ieee microwave theory tech. mtt-s digest baltimore mw pospieszalski ew wollack md  
empowerment in business process reengineering : an ethnographic study of implementation discourses k sayer l harvey   
effect of hot rolling conditions on the mechanical properties of very low carbon ti-bearing cold s sayanagi tetsu-to-hagne  
elastic properties of normal and hypertrophied cardiac muscle i mirsky a pasipoularides fed proc 1980.0 
relational data base machines dcp smith jm smith ieee computer  
linking physical worlds to logical worlds with mobile agents i satoh proceedings of international conference on mobile data & hellip ; 2004.0 
institutional entrepreneurship in the sponsorship of common technological standards : the case of sun r garud s jain a kumaraswamy   
â ?? a passion for excellenceâ ?? t peter   
fair games and full completeness for multiplicative linear logic without the mix-rule jme hyland chl ong unpublished manuscript  
the use of freon as an alternate gas in graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrometry b welz g schlemmer at spectrosc  
on spontaneous fission of leadâ ?? search for very far transuranium elements gn flerov vp perelygin at . energ  
dynamic lightpath protection in wdm mesh networks under wavelength-continuity and risk-disjoint s yuan jp jue computer networks 2005.0 
predicate migration placement jm hellerstein proc . of acm sigmod minneapolis  
incremental maintenance of views with duplicates '' in \ \ proceedings of acm-sigmod international t griffin l libkin san jose ca may  
eye controlled multimedia p olivieri j gips jee mchugh proceedings of acm  
imagine your telco is your bank but a bank it ai n't a arbussã ¡ electronic payment  
improving explicit congestion notification with the mark-front strategy l chunlei r jain computer networks  
probabilistic reliable dissemination in large-scale systems aj ganesh am kermarrec l massoulie technical report microsoft research  
q-ary part-and-try algorithm for packet conflict resolution p studer h pletcher & hellip ; telecommun. swiss fed . inst . technol. zurich switzerland & hellip ;  
database of transcription regulatory regions on eukaryotic genomes ov kel ag romachenko ae kel an naumochkin na proc . of the 28th annual hawaii international conference on & hellip ;  
the growth of world food output and population d grigg geography 1983.0 
an affiliated search system for an electronic commerce and software component architecture i paik t han d oh s ha d park information and software technology 2003.0 
microarchitectural synthesis of performance-constrained low-power vlsi designs l goodby pm chau acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems 2002.0 
aida : an adaptive immersive data analyzer m sharifzadeh c shahabi b navai f parvini aa   
structuring principles of the communication architecture of open systems - a systematic approach hj burkhardt s schindler computer networks  
distributed transaction support for workflow management applications j vonk p grefen e boertjes p apers procs . 10th int . conf . on database and expert system & hellip ;  
vr ; agrawal d. ; singh ak dimensionality reduction for similarity searching in dynamic databases k kanth international conference on management of  
spatio-temporal development of the diffuse barrier discharge in nitrogen r brandenburg va maiorov b golubovskii yu he proc . 26th int . conf . on phenomena in ionized gases ( & hellip ; 2003.0 
compositional specification of timed systems j sifakis s yovine lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
do co-workersâ ?? wages matter ? theory and evidence on wage secrecy wage compression and effort g charness p kuhn   
temporal database system implementations mh bohlen acm sigmod record  
answering sql queries using views s dar hv jagadish ay levy d srivastava proc . of vldb  
a new approach to software key escrow . tisr # 520 trusted information systems . glenwood dm balenson cm ellison sb lipner st walker md  
design for performance of broadband signalling and services d morris am elvidge bt technology journal 1998.0 
an alternative storage organization for rolap aggregate views based on cubetrees y kotidis n roussopoulos sigmod conference 1998.0 
december 1990 compiling scientific code using partial evaluation a berlin d weise ieee  
the essence of chaos en lorentz university of washington seattle  
an investigation of optimal fuel injection conditions for the reduction in hydrocarbon emission k lee c lee y joo   
optimization of energy redistribution in the core of an operating power reactor iy emelâ ?? yanov vg nazaryan vv postnikov at .  
mining system audit data : opportunitiesandchallenges w lee w fan sigmod record  
redial basis function interpolation on space mesh [ m ] yin bao-cai gao wen proc acm siggraph97 los angeles  
a classification of artin schreier defect extensions and a characterization of defectless fields fv kuhlmann   
optical radioâ ?? a review of a radical new technology for wireless access infrastructure pp smyth bt technology journal 2003.0 
objectglobe : ubiquitous query processing on the internet r braumandl m keidl a kemper d kossmann a the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
visual cues extraction for monitoring driverâ ?? s vigilance . q ji g bebis   
implementing total quality management : an overview jr jablonski  1991.0 
database systems : achievements and opportunities into the 21st century a silberschatz m stonebraker j ullman sigmod record  
the broadband call control demonstratorâ ?? a platform for itu-t davic and tina-c implementations pw reece rm macey pl clarke bt technology journal 1998.0 
1998 education work plan cb federation  1997.0 
research directions in biodiversity informatics jl schnase proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
index configuration in object-oriented databases e bertino the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
the diplomatic ideas and practices ofasian states . 1990 a kapur   
m. and m. sreenath r. agent-based service selection mp singh journal on web semantics ( jws )  
datamime tm m serazi a perera q ding v malakhov i rahal f & hellip ; of the acm international conference on management of data (  
in what sense a region ? place hybridity symbolic shape and institutional formation in ( post - ) g macleod political geography 1998.0 
updating knowledge bases while maintaining consistency e teniente a olivã © the vldb  
evolvable view environment ( eve ) : non-equivalent view maintenance under schema changes ea rundensteiner a koeller x zhang aj lee a proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1999.0 
the effects of changes of body temperature on the oxygen deficit incurred in exercise ad claremont  1969.0 
cedar : a large scale multiprocessor d gajski d kuck d lawrie a sameh acm sigarch computer architecture news 1983.0 
the er model toward a unified view of data pp chen acm transactions on database systems  
a theory of the viscosity of liquids-part ii enc andrade phil . mag  
pronunciation ambiguity vs pronunciation variability in speech recognition m saraglar s khudanpur   
impact of information systems resources and capabilities on firm performance : a resource-based t ravichandran c lertwongsatien proceedings of the 23rd international conference on  
a multi-agent policy-gradient approach to network routing n tao j baxter l weaver   
optimizing location detection services in wireless sensor networks ic paschalidis s ray   
nonexistence of the first moment of the adjusted least squares estimator in multivariate errors-in - c cheng a kukush  2001.0 
the phenomenological theory of linear viscoelastic behavior nw tschoegl  1989.0 
the maxc systems er fiala ieee computer  
shuffle on trajectories : the schã 1/4 tzenberger product and related operations t harju a mateescu a salomaa proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on & hellip ; 1998.0 
database research at arizona state university sd urban sw dietrich f golshani sigmod record 1996.0 
normalisation and hierarchical dependencies in the relational data model acm tans c delobel database syst  
a unifving framework for version control in a cad environment c chow wk hong-tai proc . intl. conference on very large data bases august  
culture and imperialism e said   
semantic video indexing : approach and issues a hampapur sigmod record 1999.0 
le-xuan-hy gm oxenberg j. & deichmann ak ( 1986 ) . self-evaluation of abilities : accurate self - mj strube cl lott journal of personality and social  
interaction and concurrency in a declarative programming language jw lloyd submitted for publication  
j. a normal form for abstract syntax smi smith proc . int . conf . on very large data bases west berlin  
the cougar approach to innetwork query processing in sensor networks a wand a chandrakasan acm sigmod record  
equity financing : research partnerships . mb goldstein new directions for higher education 1987.0 
inhalation injury with burns : a lethal combination . dl blinn h slater iw goldfarb journal of emergency medicine 1988.0 
on the implementation of a simple class of logic queries for databases d saccã proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
dwms : data warehouse management system n mohan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
a compiled implementation of strong reduction b gregoire x leroy   
engineering and economics t hart electronic news  
modular implementation of extended transaction models rs barga c pu a practical proceedings of the 21th international conference on very  
introduction to object-oriented databases w kim   
susceptibility of nun moth ( lymantria monacha l. ) larvae to insecticides h malinowski & hellip ; of international conference ; integrated management of & hellip ;  
andr . king . intelligentdatabasecachingthroughthe use ofpage-answers and page-traces n kamel acm transactions on database systems  
anupdateguideforhazardi version1 . 2 nistir5410 nationalinstituteofstandards and technology rd peacock ww jones gp forney rw portier pa md  
dynamical constraints for the analysis of sea level pressure and surface wind over the world ocean y kushnir a kaplan   
the life history and ecology of the longfin smelt in lake washington rl dryfoos  1965.0 
mycology guidebook 2nd print rb stevens  1981.0 
the programming languages rec and convert hv mcintosh g cisneros acm sigplan notices 1990.0 
privacy-preserving mining of association rules v krishnan i mumbai s agrawal i bangalore j   
the loop compiler for java and jml j van den berg b jacobs lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
italian electronic identity card - principle and architecture m gentili proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
a comparative study of language support for generic programming r garcia j jarvi a lumsdaine j siek j willcock   
needs of grieving spouses in sudden death situations : a pilot study j fanslow journal of emergency nursing 1983.0 
interactive cross-platform promise of java . rv dragan pc magazine  
determination of chromium and zinc in corrosion-resistant coatings de harrington js jones wr bramstedt t kling at . spectrosc. 1983.0 
vitamin d supplementation in pregnancy k mahomed am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev 1999.0 
environmental control of horn length dimorphism in the beetle onthophagus acuminatus ( coleoptera : dj emlen proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
phone recognition using a transition-controlled segment-based dp/mlp hybrid j verhasselt jp martens   
database systems { breaking out the box . sigmod record 26 ( 3 ) a silberschatz s zdonik  1997.0 
r. musicant . lagrangian supportvector machines ol mangasarian andd journal of machine learning research  
â ?? comments on '' the law of demeter '' and c++ m sakkinen acm sigplan notices 1988.0 
extremely fast ip used to delineate buried landfills nr carlson cm mayerle kl zonge procs . 5 theegs meeting 5-9 september 1999 budapest  
calculation of transonic laminar and turbulent flow past a delta wing helsinki university of p kaurinkoski t siikonen   
topology optimization of an overlay atm network in an sdh infrastructure tv do tt nguyen ht tran g kalvach b varga computer networks 2000.0 
marine phycoculture in china ck tseng proc . int . seaweed symp  
glycosaminoglycans in human gallbladder basement membrane : nature and quantitative changes in ka hussein g milne d hopwood the histochemical journal 1988.0 
variations in the seasonal cycle of biological production in subarctic oceans : a model sensitivity mjr fasham deep-sea research i  
heat shock and recovery protects renal allografts from warm ischemic injury and enhances hsp72 ga perdrizet h kaneko tm buckley ms fishman transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
simple rational guidelines for chopping up transactions d shasha e simon p vlduriez proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of data (  
data domain description by support vectors d tax r duin proceedings esann  
a discussion of indices for the evaluation of fuzzy associations in relational databases d dubois h prade t sudkamp   
m ' ~ dg ~ rber rh 1985 . multiprocessor hash-based join algorithms dj dewitt proceedings of the international conference on very large  
p. r. morris jh : flexible diff-ing in a collabortive writing system cm neuwirth k chandhok e sd procs . acm 1992 conference on computer supported cooperative & hellip ;  
learning to match ontologies a doan j madhavan r dhamankar p domingos ay vldb journal  
product models 4d m fischer c kam cife technical report number 143 cife stanford university  
scapholunate dissociation : a practical approach for the emergency physician pd casey r youngberg journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
a dbms prototype to surt extended nf2-relations : an integrated view on fiat tables and hierarchies p dadam k kuspert f anderson h blanken r erbe proc . of a cm/sigmod  
oo what 's happening to db2 ? m carey d chamberlin proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . management of data 1999.0 
automatic resource compilation by analyzing hyperlink structure and associated text s chakrabarti b dom p raghavan s rajagopalan d www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
racism at the top r wodak ta van dijk unpublished manuscript 1997.0 
prosody and wh-questions m deguchi y kitagawa proceedings-nels 2002.0 
advanced synergetics : instability hierarchies of self-organizing systems and devices h haken  1993.0 
query cachingand optimization in distributed mediator systems s adali ks candan y papakonstantinou vs proceedingsof the acm sigmod conference  
from respondent and informant to consultant and participant : the evolution of a state agency policy m baizerman d compton new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
using gibbs sampling for bayesian inference in multidimensional contingency tables ld epstein se fienberg computing science and statistics . proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
performance analysis of storage and network subsystems in cluster architectures r cristaldi g iannello   
thin solid films is jurca c meny n viart c ulhaq-bouillet p submitted for  
how to referee a research paper d giord  1982.0 
numerical toolbox for verified computing r hammerâ ? ¦  1993.0 
paying attention to the people work when planning educational programs for adults rm cervero al wilson new directions for adult and continuing education  
detection and measurement of natural selection mt clegg see ref  
gravity spreading and atmospheric dispersion of lng vapor clouds ae germeles em drake see ref  
carrier mobilities in silicon empirically related to doping and field dm caughey re thomas proc . ieee  
electromagnetic fields and wavesâ ?? second edition p lorrain d corson  1970.0 
pet allergen control measures for allergic asthma in children and adults s kilburn tj lasserson m mckean cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
materials science and engineering m grujicic g cao s batchu   
monitoring system of the akashi kaikyo bridge and displacement measurement using gps y fujino m murata s okano m takeguchi proc . spie 2000.0 
the diverse campus : broadening our ideal to incorporate all voices aj kezar new directions for higher education 1999.0 
welcome to our wilks/craig/mckee family homepage ! ( personal home page ) '' jd wilks   
introduction to fourier optics 1mcgraw-hill jw goodman new york  
67 co-sponsored by senators abourezk and hatfield was sent to the judiciary subcommittee on the sj resolution   
integrity constraints checking in deductive databases vldb.org vldb 1991.0 
on the diffusion approximation to a discontinuous model for a single neuron g kallianpur contributions to statistics  
the magnetizationâ ?? temperature curves of iron cobalt and nickel f tyler phil . mag  
data streams : fresh current or stagnant backwater ? ( panel ) jm hellerstein   
open market stock repurchase signaling wj mcnally   
experience of management transfer to users in nepal j rana rp satyal sp rajbhandari kr sharma dj international conference on irrigation management transfer  
on the estimation of frequent itemsets for data streams : theory and experiments pa laur r nock je symphor p poncelet proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
france : recession politics and migration policy . p ogden geography  
a correspondence problem in laser guided navigation k astrom proceedings of symposium on image analysis editors d. & hellip ;  
algorithms for an optimal a * search and linearizing the search in the stack decoder db paul   
theoretical strength of perfect crystals wr tyson phil . mag  
monitoring protein folding at atomic resolution tk kumar c yu acc chem res 2004.0 
fostering motivation in professional development programs rj wlodkowski new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
multiple audience problem : a strategic communication perspective on social perception jh fleming jm darley jl hilton ba kojetin journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
the diamond mines of panna state in central india kp sinor  1930.0 
check-list of birds of the world e mayr jc greenway jr ix : i-xii  
the origins of mites associated with honey bees gc eickwort see ref  
brobst and gk maa . evaluation of the mit taggcd-token dataflow architecture . computation structures sa arvind  1987.0 
database research activities at the university of vienna am tjoa g vinek acm sigmod record 1992.0 
data fusion spot and sar im-ages for bridge and urban area extraction s houzelle g glraudon proc . i-garss  
multi-disk management m livny s khoshafian h boral proceedings of acm sigmetrics  
design issues of self-organizing broadband wireless networks b xu b walke computer networks 2001.0 
the influence of antenna illumination function characteristics on differential reflectivity ph herzegh re carbone conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
directions in software engineering for parallel systems ie jelly proc . of the 28th hawaiian conference on systems science & hellip ;  
teaching effectiveness in technology-mediated distance learning j webster p hackley the academy of management journal 1997.0 
australian amex site made â ?? unusableâ ?? by slammer worm . j bajkowski computerworld  
second occurrence focus is prosodically marked d beaver b clark e flemming m wolters unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
examples of automatic asymptotic expansions b salvy acm sigsam bulletin 1991.0 
deficient hypoxia awakening response in infants of smoking mothers : possible relationship to sudden k lewis e bosque journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
what is the data warehousing problem a gupta is mumick are materialized views the  
bulk loading revisited jl wiener jf naughton proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;  
capsaicin-sensitive nerves in the control of vascular effector mechanisms p holzer see wood  
knowledge-based computer vision am goodman rm haralick lg shapiro   
a focus theory of normative conduct : recycling the concept of norms to reduce littering in public rb cialdini rr reno ca kallgren journal of personality and social psychology  
the relationship between cocaine urinalysis and daily self-reported cocaine use in a clinical rd crosby sm specker ga carlson ja halikas submitted for publication  
the relationship between p300 latencies and wisc-r and wechsler memory scale results in epileptic y naganuma t konishi m matsui k hongou no to hattatsu 1993.0 
a â ?? ikansactional model for long-running activities u dayd m hsu r ladin proc . vldb  
the statistical analysis of failure time data jd kalbeisch rl prentice new york  
calcium in plant growth and development . american society of plant physiologist rockville rt leonard pk hepler md  
the hellp syndrome : case report and review of the literature r fish journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
bodhi : a database habitat for bio-diversity information sj bedathur a kadlag jr haritsa proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
coloured petri nets : a high level language for system design and analysis k jensen springer-verlag 1991.0 
the n-end rule pathway of protein degradation a varshavsky genes to cells 1997.0 
the xml forms language [ j ] af kristensen computer networks  
storyof programming languages tj bergin jr rg gibson jr  1996.0 
matrix formulation of electromagnetic scattering pc waterman   
the theory of inoeulum ae dimond jg horsfall see ref  
absorbent products for the containment of urinary and/or faecal incontinence in adults e shirran m brazzelli cochrane . database . syst . rev 2000.0 
studieson loxothylacustexanus jg ragan ba matherne  1974.0 
an introduction to real-time operating systems : scheduling theory cw mercer unpublished manuscript 1992.0 
origin and differentiation of the island fox : a study of evolution in insular populations pw collins  1982.0 
mpeg video compression standard jl mitchell wb pennebaker ce fogg dj legall  1996.0 
on similarity-based queries for time series data d rafiei   
tempos : a platform for developing temporal applications on top of object dbms m dumas mc fauvet pc scholl ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
area distributions in porous substances p volume i :  
ho . a. dill j. and henigman f. the continuous zoom : a constrained fisheye technique for viewing l bartram proceedings of acm  
existence of improper integrals with levy integrators and exponential levy integrands kb erickson ra maller  2002.0 
protect yourself online m danda   
some issues in commodity stabilization policies j sengupta   
can you have it all ? '' : managing the time and budget against quality issue in a dynamic business ksy hung ajh simons a rose software quality management-international conference - 1998.0 
on name generation and set-based analysis in the dolev-yao model rm amadio w charatonik lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
an architecture to extend the iec model for distributed control applications k thramboulidis   
gene shaving : a new class of clustering methods for expression arrays . department of statistics t hastie r tibshirani m eisen p brown d ross  2000.0 
& sidner cl ( 1985 ) . the structures of discourse structure bj grosz stanford university technical report  
energy-related and ecological evaluation of the various use of biogas for generation of power and u hohenwarter technical university graz austria  
frontal lobe functioning in adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder wv reeve sl schandler adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
museums and multimedia ( abstract ) : extending the experience beyond the museum 's walls r semper a kramer proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
evaluation of the 1998 forest fires in east-kalimantan ( indonesia ) using multitemporal ers-2 sar f siegert aa hoffmann   
magnetic bubbles and relational data base h chang 4th international conference on very large data bases sept  
melting ice o mishima ld calvert e whalley i at  
gap analysis of mainland california . f davis d stoms ad hollander ka thomas pa cd-rom . university of california santa barbara ca . [ http : / / & hellip ;  
inside windows nt c helen  1992.0 
countable choice and pseudometric spaces hl bentley h herrlich   
a shrinking-based approach for multi-dimensional data analysis y shi y song a zhang proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
process control and scheduling issues on a network of multiprocessors a tucker a gupta proc . 12th acm symp . operating system principles  
hadronic equation of state and the onset of kaon condensation ( abstract only ) j cleymans j staalnacke e suhonen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
foreword pa simon advances in space research 1984.0 
panel : real-time databases k ramamritham proc . of the 17th intl. vldb conf. barcelona september  
neural network signal interpretation for optimization of chromatographic protein purifications ej klein sl rivera applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
the stanford graph base p. 77â ?? 89 de knuth  1993.0 
laser irradiance propagation in turbulent media am prokhorov fv bunkin ks gochelashvili vi ieee proceedings 1975.0 
a. wigderson on the complexity of bilinear forms n nisan proc . 27th acm stoc  
random data perturbation of non-normal data r sarathy k muralidhar   
smallconnection : designing of tangible communication media over networks h ogawa n ando s onodera proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
thermostable salt-tolerant î ± - amylase from bacillus sp m jana b pati   
distance string models for program behavior jr spirn ieee computer  
the structure and reproduction of the algae fe fitsc vol . i.  
phylip users manual v3 . 4 j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
colloidal isopressing : a new shaping method for ceramic suspensions bc yu  2001.0 
application of packet assembly technology to digital video and voip t kanda k shimamura proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
analysis of the efficiency of iodine carbon adsorbers in special ventillation systems in nuclear vg kritskii ni ampelogova vi lebedev sm kovalev at .  
natural resource accounting : a framework for india ks parikh  1993.0 
criteria for selecting transportation research proposals . t northwest university of washington seattle washington may  
on the theory of optimal income taxation e sheshinski unpublished manuscript  
combining process modelling methods g abeysinghe k phalp information and software technology 1997.0 
agent-based business process management nr jennings p faratin mj johnson tj norman me   
electronuclear energy amplifiers with low-energy proton beams vs barashenkov ia shelaev at .  
geobotanic researsch of skiathos island e oikonomidou  1969.0 
data mining for web intelligence j han   
choking under pressure : self-consciousness and paradoxical effects of incentives on skillful rf baumeister journal of personality and social psychology 1984.0 
humanature . austin : university of texas press 1996 p goin   
a secure and efficient digital signature algorithm s micali technical report mit/lcs/tm -501 massachusetts institute of  
broadband optimism mj miller pc magazine  
change k. garcia-molina h. paepcke a. : starts stanford proposal for internet meta-searching l fravano proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on  
an introduction to deductive database languages and systems k ramamohanarao j harland the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
dynamic routing and resource allocation in wdm transport networks j spaeth computer networks 2000.0 
user interface evaluation of a direct manipulation temporal visual query language s hibino ea rundensteiner   
erp : corporate cleanup j connolly computerworld  
using technology in faculty development : practical examples kh gillespie new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
the bang-file-a new kind of grid file in : proc m freeston acm sigmod international conference on management of data  
a test microchip for evaluation of hermetic packaging technology for biomedical prosthetic implants m kazemi e basham m sivaprakasam g wang d   
a technique for dynamic high-level exploration during behavioral partitioning for multidevice s govindarajan v srinivasan p lakshmikanthan r   
spectrum analysis-a modem perspective sm kay sl marple proc . ieee  
hydrogels for biomedical applications as hoffman annals-new york academy of sciences 2001.0 
stochastic consistency and scalable pull-based caching for erratic data stream sources s zhu cv ravishankar proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
a new look at multi-modal modelling dc simmonds j bates ad may proc . 28th european transport conference . london : ptrc  
using the 1930 s ' '' here and now '' curriculum to teach cultural diversity in the ' 90 s. k wellhousen social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
the real state of software quality-practitioners ' experiences t hall dn wilson software quality management-international conference - 1997.0 
tennessee and wisconsin were early data mandating states p arizona   
k shim fast similarity search in the presence of noise scaling and translation in time series r agrawal ki lin hs sawhney proceedings of the 21 vldb  
62 â ?? prescribing recording and reporting photon beam therapyâ ?? supplement to icru report 50 â ?? i report md  
the maturation of high school students involved in extracurricular activities as witnessed from a kp mccaughn  1999.0 
a heuristic approach 1141 to attribute partitioning m hammer b niamir proc . of  
masterâ ?? s carpet hc atwood   
qmf banks with approximately linear-phase analysis and synthesis filters '' mm ekanayake k premaratne iir two-channel proc . 28th annual asilomar conference  
internet telephony m graf  1999.0 
the active database system manifesto : a rulebase of adbms features kr dittrich s giatziu a geppert proc . ( rids ) athens greece september  
models and issues in data streams b babcock s babu m datar r motwani j widom proc . 21st acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . principles of & hellip ;  
faculty development practices . ja centra new directions for higher education 1977.0 
2nd ed. john hopkins university press baltimore gh goltb ce van loan md  
lanham boon thau loo scott shenker _ ion stoica querying the internet with pier rhjmh nick proceedings of the 29th vldb conference berlin germany  
â ?? sim : a database system based on semantic model . d jagannathan rl guck bl fritchman jp thompson proceedings of sigmod international conference on management  
passive position location using nonlinear filters s challa af farhan   
computational and performance issues in coliseum videoconferencing hh bakerâ ? ¦ proc . acm multimedia  
the rhizosphere ea curl b truelove  1985.0 
valid-time indeterminacy ce dyreson rt snodgrass   
internal medicine [ in greek ] ( isbn 960-340-080-7 ) s raptis athens ( greece ) : parisianos  
iscsi performance and architecture and comparison to other protocols j menon c fuentes ibm corporation almaden research center report ( february 21  
two remarks on simulated tempering s caracciolo a pelissetto ad sokal unpublished manuscript  
theseus perseus m stephanides g stephanides  1992.0 
a trajectory splitting model for efficient spatio-temporal indexing s rasetic j sander j elding ma nascimento proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
reconceptualizing the determinants of risk behavior sb sitkin al pablo the academy of management review 1992.0 
classes and subclasses in actor-oriented design ea lee   
estudo da evoluã § ã # o da produtividade total dos fatores da economia brasileira : 1950-2000 v gomes m lisboa s pessoa unpublished manuscript  
variance of spike rate from auditory nerve following electrical pulsetrain stimulation of cochlea : sj oâ ?? leary ls irlicht ic bruce mw white gm submitted for  
nuffab '88 c ganguly bombay india 12-14 dec. 1988 1988.0 
the evolution of polyandry ii : post-copulatory defences against genetic incompatibility ja zeh dw zeh proceedings : biological sciences 1997.0 
diagnosis of asynchronous discrete event systems : datalog to the rescue ! s abiteboul z abrams s haar t milo   
method procedures for sampling aldehyde and ketone using 2 4-dinitrophenylhydrazineâ ?? a review y yacoub proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1999.0 
the waldorf tuition and grant reduction experiment . we hamm new directions for higher education 1995.0 
research issues in teleoperation r pepper j hightower proc . human factors society 28th annual meeting  
logic and algebraic languages for interoperability in multidatabase systems lvs lakshmanan f sadri in subramanian   
field-flow fractionation-inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry : a powerful new analytical r beckett at . spectrosc  
comparing open and uml : the two third-generation oo development approaches b henderson-sellers d firesmith information & software technology 1999.0 
a behavioral model of consumer spatial decision making m cadwallader economic geography 1975.0 
optimal algorithms for partitioning trees and locating p-centers in trees gn frederickson proc . second acm-siam symp . discrete  
fast algorithms for mining association rules in large databasesâ '' bocca jb jarke m. zaniolo c. r agrawal r srikant & hellip ; conference on very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 94 ) santiago de  
ecophysiology and growth of gelidium robustum in culture i sousa-pinto  1994.0 
callow . m and speed t. ( 2000 ) . statistical methods for identifying differentially expressed genes in y dudoit h yang technical report # 578 stanford : stanford  
one approach for generalization of real-time distributed systems benchmarking ni kamenoff proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ; 1996.0 
julio and josefina hernandez roger terronez chris hartmire jim drake and fred ross r orendain   
selection of optimal values for concentration of key isotope in waste of a cascade for separation of na kolokolâ ?? tsov ni laguntsov ga sulaberidze at . energ  
poverty-induced migration and urban involution in india : causes and consequences s mukherji  1995.0 
concurrency control and recovery for balanced b-link trees i jaluta s sippu e soisalon-soininen the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
fast computation of sparse databases algorithms for materialized view design in data warehousing j yang kk karlapalem q li proc . 23rd vldb conf. athens greece  
environment partitioned distributed simulation of queueing systems jc comfort   
the inscription of difference : news coverage of the conflicts in rwanda and bosnia g myers t klak t koehl   
building up a tool-box for martin-lof intuitionistic type theory g sambin s valentini to  
â ?? active server pages programmierung â ?? s hillier  1997.0 
comprehending decompositions : a theory and two empirical tests r weber  2001.0 
perturbation theory for linear opearators t kato  1966.0 
on incremental rendering of silhouette maps of a polyhedral scene a efrat lj guibas oa hall-holt l zhang   
statistical synopses for graph-structured data n polyzotis m garofalakis proceedings of sigmod  
dec ; 172 ( 6 ) : 1591-5 ji dis & hellip ; in measles vaccine failure : demonstration of measles antigen & hellip ;  
canadaâ ?? s atlantic fisheries : new opportunities and problems j coull geography  
language language awareness and foreign language learning s papaefthymiou-lytra  1987.0 
effectiveness of virtual learning environments in basic skills business education : a field study in r ahmad g piccoli b ives   
the last shot jh kolakowski journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
longest prefix matching using bloom filters s dharmapurikar p krishnamurthy de taylor   
combustion academic i glassman san diego calif  
reflecting on â ?? the limits to capitalâ ?? d harvey annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;  
efficient user-adaptable similarity search in large multimedia databases s thomas h kriegel proc . 23th int . conf . on vldb  
processing with possibly uncooperative local systems c yu g philip wmdtn query technical report dept. of cs university of illinois at chicago  
sex-related social mating and foraging behavior in some sequentially hermaphroditic reef fishes sg hoffman  1980.0 
the disposition and metabolism of 2â ?? 3â ?? - dideoxycytidine an in vitro inhibitor of human t - ja kelley cl litterst js roth dt vistica dg   
elimination of artifacts due to glutaraldehyde fixation in the histochemical detection of glucose s demignot d domurado the histochemical journal 1988.0 
an architecture for wide-area multicast routing sddfv jacobson c lui l wei conference proceedings of acm  
theory and applications of phase-locked loop r best at  
integrating semantic frames from multiple sources n kwon eh hovy  2005.0 
time for action : on the relation between time knowledge y shoham  1988.0 
preparation of fox valley technical college faculty for multicultural education gk grimm  2000.0 
fine art of negotiating . g karrass computerworld. 1981.0 
structures in the turbulent boundary layer and their interaction with particles d kaftori  1993.0 
towards capturing representative as-level internet topologies h chang r govindan s jamin sj shenker w computer networks 2004.0 
a multi-similarity algebra s adalä ± p bonatti ml sapino vs subrahmanian proc . of sigmod l. haas and a. tiwary  
pig-to-primate cardiac xenotransplantation and cyclophosphamide therapy pd waterworth e cozzi mj tolan g langford p transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
anisotropic coupled-field inclusion and inhomogeneity problems jy li ml dunn  1998.0 
fast randomized join-order selection-why use transformations ? c galindo-legaria a pellenkoft ml kersten vldb 1994.0 
bw and watson v. system r relational approach to database management mm astrarlan mw blasgen dd chamberlin kp acm trans database syst  
managing data from high-throughput genomic processing : a case study t bloom t sharpe proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
memory is not only about storage . kl huber new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
the crystal structure of metallic arsenic aj bradley phil . mag  
design reuse in hypermedia application development d schwabe a garrido g rossi proc . of acm  
constructingsuperviews amp buneman & hellip ; conference on management of data acm new york  
composing monads using coproducts c luth n ghani   
unification-free execution of well-moded prolog programs mrkk rao rk shyamasundar technical report tifr bombay india march  
the power of decision tables r kohavi lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
blog tools nj rubenking pc magazine . retrieved january  
vdd-a vlsi design database c chu jp kc ph fishbum ye liem engineering design application proceedings from sigmod & hellip ;  
what is return on quality and why you should care.â ?? e baatz electronic news  
protocol considerations for a prefix-caching proxy for multimedia streams s gruber j rexford a basso www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
the theory of the long-run equilibrium exchange rate p montiel unpublished manuscript  
cost-sensitive reordering of navigational primitives cc kanne m brantner g moerkotte proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
al geist . 1995 gordon bell prize winners ah karp m heath ieee computer  
endocrinology of fishes se papoutsoglou  1998.0 
road rage ' j vitiello computerworld  
building a secure location transparent object invocation system dm putzolu proceedings of the 4th international workshop on object - & hellip ; 1995.0 
algebraic manipulation of scientific datasets b howe proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
a simulation research on multiprocessor interconnection network s with wormhole routing . [ ieeexplore.ieee.org   
fast algorithms for mining association rules in large databases r agrawal r srikant  1994.0 
disambiguation filters for scannerless generalized lr parsers mgj van den brand j scheerder jj vinju e visser lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
charakterystyka petrograficzczno-mineralogiczna zuzli metalurgicznych a muszer fizykochemiczne problemy mineralurgii 1996.0 
characterizing web usage regularities with information foraging agents j liu s zhang j yang ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
clu session b ryder history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
analog technology of all varieties dominate isscc f goodenough electronic design  
assessing practices in innovation-oriented knowledge management : a process-based approach m inganã $ s f hacklin c marxt & hellip ; international conference on management of technology vienna & hellip ;  
average properties of energetic ions in different parts of the cusp/cleft region ( abstract only ) k mursula g kremser b wilken proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
recursively generated b-spline surfaces on arbitrary topological meshes e catmull j clark seminal graphics : poineering efforts that shaped the field & hellip ; 1998.0 
constructivist learning happens all the time on the web.â ? in learning technologies : reflective and b wilson m lowry new directions for adult and continuing education  
hybrid meshes i guskov a khodakovsky p schroder submitted for publication 2001.0 
types distribution and test and correction times for programming errors ml shooman mi bolsky acm sigplan notices 1975.0 
light-weight domain-based form assistant : querying web databases on the fly z zhang b he kcc chang proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
reducing persian gulf dependence over time d kline jp weyam  1980.0 
multi-view matching for unordered image sets or '' how do i organize my holiday snaps ? '' f schaffalitzky a zisserman lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
violence in the it workplace r garner computerworld  
on the linear work hardening rate of fcc single crystals j friedel phil . mag  
reproductive effort decreases antibody responsiveness c deerenberg v arpanius s daan n bos   
hypertextas a medium for interactive learning mr kibby jt mayes c knussen procs . of 6th canadiansymposium on instructional  
student perceptions of the nature of science and attitudes towards science education in an dj jelinek   
the grid : tabu search kluwer academic publishers 1998 f glover m laguna   
integrating information by outerjoins and full disjunctions ( extended abstract ) a rajaraman jd ullman proceedings of the fifteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1996.0 
meeting ordinary and extraordinary women worldwide . perspective . a pflepsen s vokesâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
fuzzy quasilinear spaces and applications md jimenez-gamero y chalco-cano ma rojas-medar submitted to  
the journey beyond life mr sorensen dr willmore volume i  
licking county ohio probate court record of registrations or corrections of births vol . 1-19 lr dd young   
introducing the microsoft . net platform ds platt  2001.0 
workshop on reflective middleware f kon g blair rh campbell proc . fip/acm middleware2000  
causes and effects of causal attribution r hastie journal of personality and social psychology  
study of muon triggers and momentum reconstruction in a strong magnetic field for a muon detector at m dellanegra k eggert c bacci s bettini r oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
accurate repeat finding and object skipping using fingerprints c herley proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
quantifying spatial and temporal variations in the distribution of natural marine hydrocarbon seeps dc quigley  1997.0 
parallel query optimization for shared memory multiprocessors h lu mc shan kl tan proceedings of 17th vldb conference august  
multilevel theory building : benefits barriers and new developments ki klein h tosi   
mobile code security s loureiro r molva y roudier   
economic problems of the north east coast ghj daysh geography  
american association of physicists in medicine presidentâ ?? s symposium je rogers p torp  2003.0 
a portrait of marginality : the political behavior of the american woman m githens jl prestage  1977.0 
an nc approximation algorithm for the minimum degree spanning tree problem m furer b raghavachari proc . of the 28th annual allerton conf . on communication & hellip ;  
toward a general spatial data model for an object-oriented dbms 12th int f manola ja orenstein conf . on very large data bases  
p. marron the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications e rundensteiner h kuno y ra v crestana-taube m proc . of the acm sigmod international conference on  
intelligent integration ofinformation g wiederhold & hellip ; the acm sigmod international conference on management of  
r. et al. 1994 tsql2 language specification s dgrass acm sigmod  
prevention of vitamin a deficiency ba underwood see ref  
computer aided manufacturing of composite complex shape helicopter structural elements by robot s cantoni f de nicola g di vita g totaro m european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
a simple traction control for tracked vehicles z fan y koren d wehe & hellip ; of the american control conference seattle washington & hellip ;  
compiler-directed run-time monitoring of program data access c ding y zhong   
local bus : speeding video display wl rosch pc magazine  
sã 1/4 chte und systeme k richelshagen freiburg i. br  
repression and the inaccessibility of affective memories pj davis ge schwartz journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
rainforestâ ?? a framework for fast decision tree construction of large datasets j gehrke r ramakrishnan v ganti data mining and knowledge discovery 2000.0 
a theorem about concor j kruskal unpublished manuscript  
printed educational materials : effects on professional practice and health care outcomes n freemantle el harvey f wolf jm grimshaw r cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
'' study '' your way to better teaching . m weimer new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
mis research directions : a survey of researchers ' views jtc teng df galletta acm sigmis database 1991.0 
a user interface toolkit based on graphical objects andconstraints . da szekely proceedings of acm oopsla  
xirql-an esteoslon of xql for information retrieval paper presented at the acm sigir 2000 workshop n fuhr athens . greece  
priorities and variable thickness of membranes in rewriting p systems c zandron c ferretti g mauri submitted for publication  
spam : technologies and policies j goodman   
documenting electronic commerce systems and software using the unified modeling language [ j ] s kassem information and software technology  
a super scalar sort algorithm for risc urocessors ca lami ramesh proc . sigmod intl. conf : on managâ ?? ement of data  
a query language and optimization techniques for unstructured data . university of pennsylvania p buneman s davidson g hillebrand d suciu technical report ms-cis 96-09  
editorial p muschamp j hill bt technology journal 2004.0 
. springer-verlag new york 1958 pr halmos   
semistructured and structured data in the web : going back and forth p merialdo p atzeni g mecca & hellip ; the management of semistructured data ( in conjunction with & hellip ;  
design of an external schema facility to define and process recursive structures ek clemons acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
past and present of andean indian society : the otavalos a males see ref  
surface reconstruction and many-atom models ( abstract only ) h hakkinen j merikoski m manninen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
variable block-size image coding dj vaisey a gersho   
civic ideal into practice : democracy in the elementary school . curriculum concerns . r wade social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
user-level network interface protocols fb ra t rubl he bal ieee computer  
other-regarding preferences : egalitarian warm glow empathy and group size d stahl e haruvy unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
guest editorial c allocchio computer networks 2000.0 
mining sequential patterns across data streams g chen x wu x zhu   
whatâ ?? s the difference ? characteristics of mathematically talented men and women who do not pursue cj weinberger unpublished paper university of california santa barbara  
viewpoint specification and z m ainsworth ah cruickshank lj groves pjl wallis   
the nature of reaction wood ab wardrop he dadswell  1948.0 
a matter of degrees f fitter computerworld  
spieâ ?? s international symposium on applied science and eng . 1991 kr murali v subramanian n rangarajan as san diego  
long term population dynamics of a black-tailed deer herd on commercial forestland in western b gilbert university of washington seattle washington usa  
the fifth discipline : the art and practice of the learning organization pm senge new york  
methanol poisoning . ce becker journal of emergency medicine 1983.0 
software effort estimation terminology : the tower of babel s grimstad m jã ¸ rgensen k molã ¸ kken-ã ? stvold information and software technology 2005.0 
cross-validation and the bootstrap : estimating the error rate of a prediction rule . dept. of b efron r tibshirani  1995.0 
artificial ant colonies in digital image habitats-a mass behaviour effect study on pattern v ramos f almeida   
linguistic types of aphasia r jakobson see ref  
on the change of form of long waves advancing in a rectangular canal and on a new type of long dj korteweg g de vries phil . mag  
convergence of gradient dynamics with a variable learning rate m bowling m veloso   
science ( washington dc ) 222 1087 ( 1983 ) ; ru lemieux r wolfenden acc . chem . res  
intracellular sodium activity in necturus kidney proximal tubule d cemerikic g giebisch fed . proc  
the gmap : a versatile tool for physical data independence og tsatalos mh solomon ye ioannidis the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
job values in today 's workforce : a comparison of public and private sector employees . ka karl cl sutton public personnel management 1998.0 
a variable span smoother . dept jh friedman  1984.0 
not so basic anymore s canter pc magazine-american edition - 1993.0 
amplification and direct sequencing of fung al ribosomal rna genes for phylogenetics . innis m tj white t bruns s leeâ ? ¦  1990.0 
ten commandments of formal methods jp bowen mg hinchey   
phonetic alphabet for speech recognition of czech j nouza j psutka j uhlir radioengineering-prague - 1997.0 
privacy in data systems - group of 4 & raquo ; r agrawal proceedings of the twenty-second acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ; 2003.0 
optimal information dispersal for probabilistic latency targets mk nakayama b yener computer networks 2001.0 
epistemic conditions for iterated admissibility a brandenburger hj keisler unpublished manuscript 2000.0 
network tomography using end-to-end multicast measurements d towsley proc . of acm  
data management for earth system science j frew j dozier sigmod record 1997.0 
kernels and regularization on graphs aj smola r kondor lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
mad2 and p27 expression profiles in colorectal cancer and its clinical significance gq li hf zhang   
using student ratings for teaching improvement m theall j franklin new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
multi-spectral-based color reproduction research at the munsell color science laboratory rs berns fh imai pd burns dy tzeng   
representing and querying xml with incomplete information s abiteboul l segoufin v vianu   
efficient resumption of interrupted warehouse loads w labio jl wiener h garcia-molina v gorelik sigmod conference 2000.0 
ownership structure charter value and risk-taking behavior for thrifts as cebenoyan es cooperman ca register   
mean squared load criteria for scheduling independent tasks g dzemyda applied mathematics and computer science 1999.0 
on real-time transactions jsw zhao acm sigmod record ( mar. .  
g and foxon ct b 1966 jg rider phil . mag  
prrs virus and secondary disease c pijoan g solano j segales proceedings of the 1994 allen d. leman swine conference  
spontaneous user behavior in vocal queries for audio-mining . m lesaffre d moelants m leman  2003.0 
the agrarian revolution in georgia 1865-1912 rp brooks  1914.0 
tcp vegas and wan emulator j ahn pb danzig z liu e yan proc . of acm sigcomm  
deming prize : no longer a stranger at home c hildebrand computerworld  
elements of physical biology williams and wilkins baltimore aj lotka md  
the reproductive biology of the cotton-top tamarin ( saguinus oedipus ) in colombia [ phd dissertation ] a savage university of wisconsin  
simultaneous pyrometric measurement of temperature and size of fuel particles in fluidized bed j stenberg m urponen r hernberg oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
effective change detection using sampling ( extended version ) j cho a ntoulas technical report ucla computer science department  
sanz is with the department of computer science c jl ibm almaden research center san jose  
the company earned usd11 039 in securities lending income for the year ended 31 december 2003 sl income as at  
some algebraic and geometric computations in pspace j canny proceedings of the twentieth annual acm symposium on theory & hellip ; 1988.0 
exports employment and production : a causal assessment of us states and regions rm leichenko economic geography  
trio : a system for integrated management of data accuracy j widom and lineage . technical report stanford university 2004 . http : /  
a multi-purpose implementation of mandatory access control in relational database management systems w rjaibi p bird proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
the vsi alliance : journey from vision to production d fairbankâ ? ¦ electronic  
grounding globalization : the prospects and perils of linking economic processes of globalization to g bridge economic geography 2002.0 
application of operant conditioning techniques to the control of cardiac arrhythmias bt engel er bleecker see ref  
corticotropin-releasing factor and behavior gf koob fe bloom fed proc 1985.0 
e-services : current technologies and open issues t pilioura a tsalgatidou proc . of vldb-tesâ ?? 01  
van der aalst 2003 . web service composition languages : old wine in new bottles mp wil proc . of the 29th euromicro conference turkey ieee comp .  
to weawe the web p atzeni g meccca p merialdo proc . 23 rdint . conf . on vldb ( vldb  
281 284 index associationism r references   
radical biology : advances and perspectives on the function of plant roots . american society of plant he flores jp lynch d eissenstat md  
self-reported independent living outcome measures of blind elders attending adjustment training rr van tol  2002.0 
a translation algorithm for a multiprocessor computer js squire proc . acm 18th nat . conf  
performance of atm available bit rate for bursty tcp sources and interfering traffic dp hong t suda computer networks 1999.0 
title of article c schonenberger jam sondag-huethorst j jorritsma langmuir  
soil erosion climatic vagary and agricultural change on the downs around lewes and brighton autumn j boardman da robinson applied geography  
the effects of active queue management on web performance l le   
growth and perfection of crystals n cabrera da vermilyea new york  
rangequeriesinolapdata cubes ct hoetal proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
ddt : a declarative debugging tool for functional-logic languages r caballero m rodriguez-artalejo lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
an innate sense of danger p matzinger annals-new york academy of sciences 2002.0 
lifting as we climb : networks for minority women . mb wilkerson new directions for higher education 1983.0 
background risk prudence and the demand for insurance l eeckhoudt m kimball contributions to insurance economics 1992.0 
java speed trials rv dragan l seltzer pc magazine  
xml-based information mediation with mix cbagb ludascher   
from ideas and arguments to hyperdocuments : travelling through activity spaces na streitz j hannemann m thã 1/4 ring proceedings of the second annual acm conference on hypertext 1989.0 
the network measurement system md abrams iw cotton sw watkins r rosenthal de submitted for  
on the implementation of n-version programming for software fault tolerance during program execution a avizienis l chen proc . compsac  
linear stability of tcp/red and a scalable control sh low f paganini j wang jc doyle computer networks 2003.0 
fast algorithmsforminingassociation rules ra ramakrishnansrikant proceedings of the 20th vldb conference  
vapor pressure of zinc cadmium and mercury ac egerton phil . mag  
regulation of nitrate and nitrite reductases in dinitrogen-fixing cyanobacteria and nifâ ?? mutants j martãn - nieto a herrero e flores archives of microbiology 1989.0 
application of the landsat data collection system in alaska dm anderson hl mckim & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1975.0 
kenaf newsprint : realizing commercialization of a new crop after four decades of research and de kugler & hellip ; report on the kenaf demonstration project washington dc  
integrating triggers and declarative constraints in sql database systems r cochrane h pirahesh nm mattos vldb 1996.0 
the thankless task of cost containment ws reed new directions for higher education 1999.0 
generating spanning trees more quickly than the cover time db wilson proc . 28th acm symp  
can marriage survive addiction and treatment ? cl hejinian i pittel national drug abuse conference seattle washington april  
riaa declares war : change needed . jc dvorak pc magazine  
associate professor department of computer science & engineering university of california y papakonstantinou san  
fast photomosaic g di blasi m petralia poster proceedings of 2005.0 
bibliothek nr . 7721 ru von hans-gert roloff   
new product search over time : past ideas in their prime ? r katila   
between trust and control : developing confidence in partner cooperation in alliances tk das bs teng the academy of management review 1998.0 
what is the sound of a headache ? using digital media to represent inner experiences l penberthy j bolter proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
the higher education doctorate as a passport to higher education administration bk townsend md wiese new directions for higher education 1991.0 
some value propositions of online communities e walden electronic markets 2000.0 
dwarf : shrinking the petacube ysadn roussopoulos y kotidis   
a survey and critique of advanced transaction models c mohan proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
business process coordination : state of the art u dayal m hsu r ladin trends and open issues . ( 2001 ) at proceedings of the 27th & hellip ;  
virtual data technology a gupta v harinarayan a rajaraman sigmod record 1997.0 
make linear models of op amps jr greenbaum electronic design  
a model for the dynamics of sandpile surfaces jp bouchaud me cates jr prakash sf edwards j. phys . i france 1994.0 
revenue management games : horizontal and vertical competition s netessine ra shumsky management  
secure real-time transaction processing jr haritsa b george   
and jain r : semantic queries with pictures : the vimsys model a gupta t weymouth vldb  
modeling and analysis of permanent magnet synchronous motor by taking saturation and core loss into ah wijenayake pb schmidt r automation   
leadership is an art reiters.com   
ozone : integrating structured and semistructured data s abiteboul r goldman t lahiri j mchugh j technical report stanford university database group  
a truly generative semantics-directed compiler generator h ganzinger r giegerich u mã ¶ ncke r wilhelm acm sigplan notices 1982.0 
threshold proxy signature schemes k zhang lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
the x-kernel : a platform for accessing internet resources ll peterson n hutchinson h rao   
databases for gis c bauzer medeiros f pires acm sigmod record 23  
software risk management and insurance o raz m shaw   
using asynchronous and bulk communication to construct an optimizing com : piler for distributed - h sato t nanri m shimasaki proc . 1995 acm int . conf . supercomputing  
identity as a query language primitive s abiteboul p kanellakis proc . sigmod portland oregon  
neutron research at the petersburg institute of nuclear physics ka konoplev va nazarenko ai okorokovâ ? ¦ at .  
neutrino masses and oscillationsâ ?? experiment y suzuki proc . of the 28th inter . conf . on high energy physics & hellip ;  
simple linear work suffix array construction j karkkainen p sanders lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
extinction and the fossil record of the arthropods deg briggs ra fortey enk clarkson see larwood  
making your programs work together m miller pc magazine  
microscopy research and techniques y chen d pope   
improving cisc instruction decoding performance using a fill unit m franklin m smotherman proc . 28th ann . int &#39; l symp .  
supplypoint : electronic procurement using virtual supply chains-an overview s kerridge   
rita - an editor and user interface for manipulating structured documents dd cowan ew mackie gm pianosi   
building connections : classrooms and communities in rural virginia mb bingman m martin a trawick new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
chem . 1992 13 1171â ± 1183 ; a. gavezzotti hr karfunkel rj gdanitz j comput acc . chem . res  
efficient algorithms for maximum lifetime data gathering and aggregation in wireless sensor networks k kalpakis k dasgupta p namjoshi computer networks 2003.0 
analysis of metals by graphite furnace aas using spark ablation bv l'vov av novichikhin at . spectrosc. 1990.0 
the role of haemophilus parasuis in nursery mortality s oliveira c pijoan r morrison proceedings of the allen d. leman swine conference  
a new micrograin cemented carbide alloy gs tendolkar s singh powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ; 1980.0 
antecedents to distance education and continuing education : time to fix them md froke new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
obtaining complete answers form incomplete databases a levy proc . 22nd vldb  
programmer 's guide ce windows  1998.0 
evolution of a virtual community : understanding design issues through a longitudinal study a malhotra s gosain a hars   
development of a rotor-body coupled analysis for an active mount aeroelastic rotor testbed vt center   
syllable-level desynchronisation of phonetic features for speech recognition k kirchhoff   
, sk gadi p. hayes and s. jajodia ( e & ) : â ?? a consensus glossary of temporal database conceptsâ ?? cs jensen j cliftord a chf sig3fod  
development of the voyager system t hazen  1999.0 
zork : a computerized fantasy simulation game pd lebling ms blank   
quantifying the financial impact of occupational injuries and illnesses and the costs and benefits sl warch  2002.0 
new and old algorithms for belief net inference and counting satisfying assignments m littman t pitassi r impagliazzo unpublished manuscript  
conformance analysis in networks with service level agreements y liu ck tham y jiang y liu ck tham y jiang computer networks 2005.0 
gps-based geographic addressing routing and resource discovery t imielinski jc navas communications-acm 1999.0 
prostaglandins and obesity pb curtis-prior lancet i 1975.0 
kernel-based reinforcement learning in average-reward problems d ormoneit p glynn technical report department of statistics stanford university  
â ?? current state-of-the-art of integrated thermal and lighting simulation and future issues . m janak i macdonald   
antibiotics to prevent complications following dental implant treatment m esposito p coulthard r oliver p thomsen hv cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
violence in philadelphia emergency departments reflects national trends ca blank je mascitti-mazur journal of emergency nursing 1991.0 
trends in marine surface wind speed : ocean weather stations versus voluntary observing ships hj isemer   
optimistic methods for concurrency control in distributed database systems g schlageter vldb  
domain analysis : an introduction r prieto-diaz acm sigsoft software engineering notes 1990.0 
a new method to test gluten quality w sietz cereal science and technology . proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
the araneus web-base management system g mecca p atzeni a masci p merialdo g sindoni   
consequences of growing up poor gj duncan j brooks-gunnâ ? ¦  1997.0 
the impact of family status on black white and hispanic women 's commuting v preston s mclafferty e hamilton urban geography 1993.0 
metaevaluation n nilsson d hogben new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
snowball : extracting relations from large plain-text collections e agichtein l gravano   
a new deadlock detection algorithms for distributed real-time database sys terns c yeung s hung   
ya. zlokazova ei and korenkova av lm sharygin s tretâ ?? yakov at . energ  
us department of energy richland washington usep agency online  
information assurance in b2c websites for information goods/services dj kim n sivasailam hr rao electronic markets 2004.0 
grammatik in gebruik-duits intertaal antwerpen 1999 r luscher   
transactions modeling c rolland c richard proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
statistical analyses and reproducible research r gentleman dt lang unpublished manuscript 2004.0 
accelerated learning : future roles and influences rj wlodkowski ce kasworm new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
e-service : a new paradigm for business in the electronic environment rt rust pk kannan communications-acm 2003.0 
properties of the groupby/aggregate relational operator mm joshi ca galindo-legaria technical report microsoft 2001 .  
a review of acoustooptical deflection and modulation devices ei gordon   
pool boiling heat transfer from single tubes to new refrigerants proceedings of xviiith d gorenflo p sokol s caplanis proc int congr refrig 1991.0 
3 ( nov. 21 1917 ) ny times   
driver visual allocation and the introduction of intelligent transport systems tc lansdown proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2000.0 
deixis to properties in the nlvr system e klipple j gurney   
depot and sex-specific difference in human leptin mrna expression : implications for the control of ct montague jb prins l sanders je digby so ' diabetes-new york - 1997.0 
e-mail servers j clyman pc magazine  
concepts and theories of human development rm lemer  1986.0 
what are perceptual modalities and how do they contribute to learning rf wislock new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
speculative multiprocessor cache line actions using instruction and line history dm koppelman   
introductory accounting : changing the first course kv pincus new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
video anywhere : a system for searching and managing distributed heterogeneous video assets a sheth c bertram k shah acm sigmod record 1999.0 
europe safeguards privacy m betts   
kindly suggested that the nomenclature for configuration isomers of sulfinylcalix [ 4 ] arenas should dv bã ¶ hmer   
thera and therasia jw sperling  1973.0 
diabetes predicts congestive heart failure risk in the elderly cu chae rj glynn je manson jm guralnik jo circulation ( suppl i )  
bounded cutset conditioning : an incremental-refinement approach to belief under uncertain resources e horvitz h suermondt g cooper  1988.0 
methods of organic chemistry i guben book i  
exploring the tradeoff between imbalance and separator size in nested dissection ordering e rothberg submitted for publication  
creating magic : system for generating learning object metadata for instructional content y li c dorai r farrell proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
the functions of program theory l bickman new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 
non-deterministic dataflow programming ajcjr curd cc kirkham proc . 6th acm european  
â ?? a transaction model for long running activities â ?? in : proc . of the 17th int u dayal m hsu r ladin conference on very large data bases august  
randomized join order selection-why use transformations c galindo-legaria a pellenkoft m kersten the international conference on very large data bases  
skyline index for time series data q li ifv lopez b moon ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
understanding the semantics of sensor data m mani acm sigmod record 2003.0 
component-based operating system apis : a versioning and distributed resource solution rj stets gc hunt ml scott   
membrane based solvent extraction of heterocyclic acid in hollow fiber contactors e sabolovã ¡ å schlosser l kubiå ¡ ovã ¡ proc . 28th int . conf . sschi full text on cd rom tatranskã © & hellip ;  
the london docklands-redevelopment schemes in the 1980s s page geography  
document quality models for web ad hoc retrieval y zhou wb croft   
e-business process modeling : the next big step s aissi p malu   
cp-2 radar polarization lidar and in situ observations of a cirrus cloud layer k sassen rj keeler conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
the volumepro real-time ray-casting system h pster j hardenbergh j knittel h lauer l proceedings of acm siggraph  
some computational properties of a model for electronic documents . tjm bench-capon pe dunne   
the customer delay in a single server queue with a batch markovian arrival process dm lucantoni mf neuts submitted for  
environmental ethical decision making in the us metal-finishing industry bl flannery dr may academy of management journal 2000.0 
nature lond . 168 271 jm bijvoet af peerdeman aj van bommel bosnict-i b. ( 1969 ) â ? cents acc . chem . res  
interactive support for non-programmers ef codd proc . acm sigmod workshop on data description access and  
thesociologicalimagination cw mills  1959.0 
improving intrusion detection performance using keyword selection and neural networks r lippmann rk cunningham computer networks 2000.0 
input impedance and radiation pattern of patch on multilayer cylinder s raffaelli z sipus ps kildal   
random self-reducibility and zero knowledge interactive proofs of possession of information mt tw h woll proc . 28th ieee symposium on foundations of computer science  
designing relational database systems r riordan  1999.0 
advanced animation and rendering techniques a watt m watt acm press new york  
the nurbs book wt les piegl springer verlag  
stability and throughput in a layered tandem of multi-server queues rd van der mei bmm gijsen s mohy el dine  2005.0 
proximity search in databases g roy s narayanan v suresh g hector proceedings of the 24th vldb conference  
to table or not to table : a hypertabular answer g santucci l tarantino sigmod record 1996.0 
sediment in streams : sources biological effects and control . american fisheries society . bethesda tf waters md  
a meta-analysis of the predictors of adult offender recidivism : what works ! university of new p gendreau t little c goggin unpublished manuscript  
hardware architecture for the montgomery modular multiplication n nedjah lm mourelle wseas transaction on systems athens greece  
application-level scheduling on distributed heterogeneous networks fd berman r wolski s figueira j schopf g shao proceedings of the 1996 acm/ieee conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
a method for module architecture verification and its application on a large component-based system a postma information & software technology  
buffalo in the pacific northwest cs kingston  1932.0 
partial differential equations invariant under conformal or projective transformations c loewner l nirenberg contributions to analysis  
acta : a framework for specifying and reasoning about transaction structure and behavior pk chrysanthis k ramamritham proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1990.0 
integrating the scholarship of teaching into the disciplines c weston l mcalpine new directions for teaching and learning : the scholarship of & hellip ;  
nearly insensitive bounds on smart scheduling a wierman m harchol-balter t osogami   
spectral theory of ordinary differential operators j weidmann  1987.0 
web privacy with p3p 1 stedition at & t lf cranor  2002.0 
exploiting constraints indesign synthesis j finger technical report stan-cs-88-1204 stanford university  
power estimation of digital cmos circuits and the application to logic synthesis for low power di cheng  1995.0 
generation of human artificial chromosomes expressing naturally controlled guanosine triphosphate m ikeno h inagaki k nagata m morita h ichinose genes to cells 2002.0 
measurements of cp-2 co-polar and cross-polar antenna illumination functions at s and x band rj keeler ph herzegh cl frush conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
preplasticity and the theory of thermally activated phenomena lp kubin phil . mag. 1974.0 
water quality management for reservoirs and tailwaters : a wots demonstration rh kennedy rc gunkel rf gaugush water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
official microsoft html help authoring kit s wexler  1998.0 
effective clustering methods for spatial data mining rt ng jh efficient & hellip ; . of twentieth international conference on very large data & hellip ;  
visualizing class structure of multidimensional data 1998 is dhillon ds modha ws spangler ibm almaden research center san jose  
explaining the effect of incentives and control mechanisms on information technology usage : a a bhattacherjee   
microsoft christens cut-rate windows as â ?? xp starter editionâ ?? mj foley microsoft watch  
security analysis of cryptographically controlled access to xml documents m abadi b warinschi   
editorial d ralph s searby bt technology journal 2003.0 
pases : a programming environment for pascal e shapiro g collins l johnson j ruttenberg   
computer assistance for planning school attendance boundaries dm wytock bf grace urisa seattle washington  
buffer overflow management in qos switches a kesselman z lotker y mansour b patt-shamir b   
clip : common lisp instrumentation package dl westbrook sd anderson dm hart pr cohen technical report 94-26 university of massachusetts at amherst  
symptoms of stress inventory ms leckie e thompson seattle : university of washington  
gear rattle modelling and analysis for automotive manual transmissions my wang r manoj w zhao proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
size-class structure of contiguous riparian woodlands along a rocky mountain river wl baker physical geography  
toward the bibliographic control of works : derivative bibliographic relationships in an online union gh leazer rp smiraglia proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
c2p : clustering based on closest pairs a nanopoulos y theodoridis y manolopoulos proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
k. kim w. kim h.-j. korth hf ( 1987 ) . semantics and implementation of schema evolution in b banerjee proc . acmsigmod conf. san francisco  
acute lindane poisoning in three children1 sp nordt g chew journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
improved turbulence models based on large eddy simulations of homogeneous incompressible turbulent j bardina jh ferziger wc reynolds & hellip ; technical report tf-19 stanford university stanford ca  
generating user interface prototypes from scenarios m elkoutbi i khriss rk keller   
innovation diffusion : retrospect and prospect la brown geography  
curriculum vitae june 2003 sn durlauf  1987.0 
corba : des concepts a la pratiqueâ ?? collection intereditions editions masson paris france 1997 j geib c gransart p merle   
farmacoterapia cardiovascular i : antisquã © micos cm de norteamã © rica vol i  
layered histories : the wandering bible of marseilles cb rubin rj gluck proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
describing semistructured data l cardelli sigmod record 2001.0 
alive and well : jini technology today j waldo   
bt cto m carr bt technology journal 2004.0 
speeding up the similarity search in multimedia database . t chen m nakazato ts huang   
a cost-effectiveness model for the assessment of educational productivity js catterall new directions for higher education 1998.0 
practical aspects of declarative debugging in haskell-98 b pope l naish   
bridging real and virtual worlds with electronic tags r want k fishkin b harrison a gujar proc . acm  
caterpillar to launch satellite video conferencing system j cope computerworld  
the limits of containment d bowden aaal conference seattle washington . 28th february  
convertir la informaciã ³ n en sabidurãa b gates  1999.0 
on the uniform word problem for commutative context-free grammars j esparza submitted for publication  
subquery rewriting for optimization of sql queries b cao a badia submitted for  
hã ¶ rverstehen im unterricht deutsch als fremdsprache lang frankfurt/m . 1996 p kã?hn   
committee hearings as an evaluation format nk stenzel new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
the university mission statement : a tool for the university curriculum institutional effectiveness me mouritsen new directions for higher education 1986.0 
computer-aided control system design jm maciejowski cy tan conference proceedings on data management 91 table of & hellip ; 1992.0 
the constraining and enabling coding system manual st hauser si powers b weiss-perry dj follansbee unpublished manuscript  
querying web metadata : native score management and text support in databases g ã?zsoyoç § lu is altingã ¶ vde a al-hamdani sa acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 2004.0 
production rules in parallel and distributed database environments s ceri j widom proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
something old something new : adult learning theory for the twenty-first century sb merriam new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
naturwissenschafien 60 369 ( 1973 ) ; r. breslow g binsch acc . chem . res  
corporate intranets : the web within l erlanger pc magazine  
procol : a parallel object language with protocols j van den bos c laffra acm sigplan notices 1989.0 
mdbs : a modeling and database system to support research in the earth sciences tr smith   
fice international bulletin no. 2 m declaration & hellip ; federation of educative communities zurich switzerland  
on the highest wave of permanent type j mccowan phil . mag  
discourse-pragmatic dynamism in nuu-chah-nulth ( nootka ) morphosyntax t nakayama  1997.0 
jsv er . a framework for index bulk loading and dynamization pk agarwal l arge o procopiuc proc . 28th intl. colloq . automata languages and programming & hellip ;  
simple random sampling from relational databases fo or861 d rotem proc . of vldb kyoto japan aug  
deterministic broadcasting in unknown radio networks bs chlebus l gasieniec a gibbons a pelc w   
an entropy formula for time-varying discrete-time control problems pa iglesias proc . 28th conf . on information sciences and  
modeling the codasyl dml execution context dependency for application program conversion b demo s kundu proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;  
basis functions used in 3-d moments method code to solve wire-surface junction problems v gobin & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatibility zurich switzerland mar. & hellip ; 1991.0 
low voltage class-ab output stages for cmos op-amps rg carvajal a torralba j ramãrez - angulo j   
faculty involvement in institutional budgeting j dimond new directions for higher education 1991.0 
switcherland : a qos communication architecture for workstation clusters . to appearin h eberle e oertli proc . acm  
the first monthly report of rough rock demonstration school month of july 1966 r roessel  1966.0 
scheduling real-time transactions : a performance evaluation rk abbott h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
associate p cookbook t christiansen nt oâ ?? reilly   
concurrent prolog : a program report e shapiro ieee computer  
aggm & tokunaga t me  1995.0 
misure dell ` occupazione temporanea : consistenza dinamica e caratteristiche di uno stock eterogeneo b anastasia d maurizio i tartufi  
ultrasound enhanced soil washing . environ . geotechnol jn meegoda d ho rm frederick proc . int . symp  
salicylate pharmacokinetics in the human neonate g levy see ref  
spectral invariants and geometry of the hamiltonian diffeomorphism group yg oh   
fundamentals of acoustics le kinsler ar frey   
flexible string matching against large databases in practice n koudas a marathe d srivastava proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
personal information management assistantsâ ?? from research to commercialisation m thint s case n azarmi b azvine s hare bt technology journal 2003.0 
, dt solomon mh tan ck tsatalos og white sj zwilling mj : shoring up persistent applications mj carey dj dewitt mj franklin sigmod ( siehe sig94 ] ) s.  
scatâ ?? a new statistical timing verifier in a silicon compiler system m glesner j schuck rb steck proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
supporting production rules using eca rules in an object-oriented context nw paton information and software technology  
software for information storage and retrieval tested evaluated and compared . part 1 - general eg sieverts m hofstede electronic library 1991.0 
current research into specialized processors for text information retrieval la hollaar dc roberts vldb  
comparison of flutter device and chest physical therapy in the treatment of cystic fibrosis m gondor pa nixon r mutich p rebovich dm   
scheelite-bearing skarns in the sierra nevada region california . contrasts in zoning and mineral r newberry skarnsâ ?? their genesis and metallogeny : athens greece & hellip ;  
appraisals of control and predictability in adapting to a chronic disease g affleck h tennen c pfeiffer j fifield journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
person of the day : cultural literacy in the elementary classroom . l northup social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
wittet en info @ childrensvaccine . org o por correo al programa de vacunaciã ³ n infantil en path s puede comunicar con el sr seattle  
monitoring outcomes for cuyahoga county 's welfare leavers : how are they faring ? n verma   
d. quass improved query performance with variant indexes po neil proceedings of acm sigmod  
tests of prospect theories in gambles displayed in matrix and text formats with positive and mh birnbaum submitted for  
the deubiquitinating enzyme fam interacts with and stabilizes beta-catenin s taya t yamamoto m kanai-azuma sa wood k genes to cells 1999.0 
delivering qos in the next generation networkâ ?? a standards perspective d mustill pj willis bt technology journal 2005.0 
a brief introduction to c++ j schwarz history of programming languages 1993.0 
on the motion of the lorentz electron ga schott phil . mag  
exploring the use of bittorrent as the basis for a large trace repository a bellissimo bn levine p shenoy   
learning from practice : learning to see what matters in program planning al wilson rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
elective versus selective caesarean section for delivery of the small baby a grant cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
study of the steady flow produced by direct injection diesel engine intake ports jm desantes jv pastor a doudou proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
transforming cyclic schemas into trees n goodman o shmueli proceedings of the 1st acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1982.0 
calcification of matrix vesicles in human aortic valve and aortic media km kim  1976.0 
a cartesian grid embedded boundary method for hyperbolic conservation laws p colella dt graves bj keen d modiano submitted for publication 2004.0 
the last wave of affirmative action m adams wisconsin law review 1998.0 
computational strategies for object recognition p suetens p fua aj hanson acm computing surveys ( csur ) 1992.0 
raman scattering in ocean water br marshall  1989.0 
an implementation of the x 25 interface in a datagram network d barber t kalin cm solomonides computer networks  
a principle in coastal geomorphology j challinor geography  
an access control model supporting periodicity constraints and temporal reasoning e bertino c bettini e ferrari p samarati acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 
return to sender : filtering s robert-witt pc magazine may  
xpathlearner : an on-line self-tuning markov histogram for xml path selectivity estimation l lim m wang s padmanabhan js vitter r parr vldb 2002.0 
a method for the unification of xml schemata m rds s castano ca heuser information and software technology 2002.0 
zinc supplementation in pregnancy k mahomed cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
pccts reference manual ( version 1.00 ) tj parr hg dietz we cohen acm sigplan notices 1992.0 
process groups and group communications l liang st chanson gw neufeld   
our peopleâ ?? innovative and creative m fowler bt technology journal 2000.0 
complete dense stereovision using level set methods o faugeras r keriven lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
pm : a high-performance communication library for multi-user parallel environments h tezuka a hori y ishikawa submitted to usenix  
standards in practice a eisenberg j melton acm sigmod record 1998.0 
introduction : geography matters d massey geography matters 1984.0 
fast connections l freed f derfler pc magazine online  
vocal access to a newspaper archive : design issues and preliminary investigations f crestani   
responses to different quantum flux densities o bjã ¶ rkmanâ ? ¦ encyclopedia of plant physiology 1981.0 
acquaintance and awareness in belief representation a saffiotti f sebastiani procs . of the computational intelligence  
denning and related activities of black bears in the coastal plain of north carolina rj hamilton rl marchinton international conference on bear research and management  
on the adaptive significance of stress-induced immunosuppression l raberg m grahn d hasselquist e svensson proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
dt/de series userâ ?? s manual version 4.02 i biosonics seattle washington  
central retinal vein occlusion due to hyperviscosity syndrome-a review of 869 cases cc chiang s begley so henderson journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
solid st. commun. 17 1193 ; 1976 we spear pg le comber phil . mag  
data management system for grid and portal services p grzybowski c mazurek m wolski   
a case of urachal remnant presenting as acute abdominal pain-a rare cause of peritonitis in children s schlaishunt j rubin journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
forecasting the worldã ? s population ( hrsg. : j. bongaarts ra bulatao ) panel on population bs billion   
new method of determining the thermal conductibility of bodies maj angstrã ¶ m phil . mag  
transformative learning as a professional development goal p cranton kp king new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
multicard : an open hypermedia system a rizk l sauter proceedings of the acm conference on hypertext 1993.0 
oil-soluble versus water-soluble media for assessing tubal patency with hysterosalpingography or p vandekerckhove a watson r lilford t harada e cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
charismatic leadership perceptions of resident advisors at the university of wisconsin-stout based sa kling  2001.0 
biogeography of the marine red algae of the south african west coast : a molecular approach mh hommersand s fredericq   
flextronics international ( singapore ) celestica ( canada ) sci systems ( united states ) and jabil t are solectron   
sanctions and welfare reform . policy brief # 12 d bloom d winstead  2001.0 
aerosol-cloud-climate interactions 1academic pv hobbs san  
uber ausreissertests und ausreisseranfalligkeit von wahrscheinlichkeitsverteilungen u gather  1979.0 
residual properties of infinite soluble groups kw gruenberg  1957.0 
differing patterns of head and facial injury with airbag and/or belt restrained drivers in frontal jr crandall tp kuhlmann pg martin wd pilkey t & hellip ; occupant restraint technologiesâ ?? procs joint aaam/ircobi & hellip ;  
courting the court : social visions state authority and the religious law conflict in israel pj woods  2001.0 
nurse delegation : final report h young s sikma s eyres d ward b strong g & hellip ; paper . university of washington seattle washington  
on the throughput of 802.11 b networks for voip s garg m kappes submitted for  
effect of the duration of bee pollination on fruit setandyield ofapple . abstract 2004 p benedek j nyeki proceedings of the 23rd international horticultural congress  
a case-based technique for tracking concept drift in spam filtering sj delany p cunningham a tsymbal l coyle   
democracy and education : an introduction to the philosophy of education j dewey  1923.0 
a review of spinal immobilization techniques ra de lorenzo journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
evaluation of chemical shift imaging using a two-dimensional presscsi sequence : work in progress rh wu dj mikulis d ducreux a crawley km kong   
job insecurity : toward conceptual clarity l greenhalgh z rosenblatt the academy of management review 1984.0 
a network-aware mac and routing protocol for effective load balancing in ad hoc wireless networks s roy d saha s bandyopadhyay t ueda s tanaka proceedings of acm mobihoc 2003.0 
the structure and complexity of nash equilibria for a selfish routing game d fotakis s kontogiannis e koutsoupias m lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
iterative learning control method for discrete-time dynamic systems dh hwang z bien sr oh & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1991.0 
securing web sites and applications . d steenâ ? ¦   
change management in heterogeneous semistructured databases s chawathe v gossain x liu j widom s abiteboul  1997.0 
distributed deadlock detection algorithm r obermarck acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
component and object technology : a preview of corba 3 j siegel ieee computer  
journalists in greece and turkey : a study of greek and turkish journalistsâ ?? perception of the d tilic middle east technical university  
base deficit level indicating major injury is increased with ethanol cm dunham la watson c cooper journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
participatory evaluation : a tool to assess projects and empower people i brunner a guzman new directions for program evaluation 1989.0 
an evaluation of generic bulk loading techniques j van den bercken b seeger proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
comparison of zeus data with standard model predictions for e ^ + pâ ?? e ^ + x scattering at high x and q ^ 2 j breitweg et al zeitschrift fã 1/4 r physik c particles and fields 1997.0 
natural language and message sequence chart representation of use cases lmg feijs information & software technology 2000.0 
communication and control in hybrid systems . tutorial session t simsek jb sousa p varaiya procs . of the american control  
towards on open architecture for egfhe d chimenti r gamboa r krishnamurthy  1989.0 
preference-based routing me sisselman w whitt   
beam in gap measurements at the sns front-end s assadi w blokland c deibele w grice j   
heat transfer augmentation by combination of jet flow with wake flow k kataoka n ohmura s hamano proc 28th national heat transfer symposium of japan  
propertius 4.9 and the toils of historicism . m fox md  
parameterized complexity for the skeptic r downey   
psychological studies of doctor-patient communication p ley contributions to medical psychology 1977.0 
amc-anti-fitc conjugates : novel reagents for amplified immunochemical techniques . immunofluorescent ra abuknesha hm al-mazeedi rg price the histochemical journal 1992.0 
host-symbiont conflict over the mixing of symbiotic lineages sa frank proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
combining computational effects : sum and tensor m hyland gd plotkin aj power   
it is safe to manage selected patients with acute coronary syndromes in unmonitored beds am kelly d kerr journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
a description language and pilot-system executive for information-transport systems e sandewall vldb 1979.0 
buchla lightning midi controller : a powerful new midi controller is nothing to shake a stick at r rich electronic musician 1991.0 
reduced osmolarity oral rehydration solution for treating dehydration caused by acute diarrhoea in s hahn s kim p garner cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
a characterization of globally consistent databases and their correct access paths y sagiv acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
parallel query processing in shared disk database systems e rahm sigmod record 1993.0 
reply to '' errors in ` process synchronization in database systems ' '' . acms anthology sigmod record 1981.0 
deception of parents during adolescence d knox me zusman k mcginty j gescheidler adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
the family transition program : an early implementation report on florida 's time-limited welfare d bloom  1995.0 
annotation : from paper books to digital library cc marshall   
personalization : the tailor-made web c metz pc magazine  
the next framework for logical xquery optimization a deutsch y papakonstantinou y xu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
activities and procedures performed by nurse practitioners in emergency care settings fl cole e ramirez journal of emergency nursing 2000.0 
an ontology-based approach to ecatalogue management z cui jw shepherdson y li bt technology journal 2003.0 
a mixed-integer nonlinear programming approach to analog circuit synthesis pc maulik lr carley ra rutenbar design automation conference 1992 . proceedings. 29th acm / & hellip ; 1992.0 
logical logging to extend recovery to new domains d lomet mr tuttle   
per _ ake larson and frank wm. tompa . \ \ efficiently updating materialized views ja blakeley proc . of the acm sigmod  
domestication of camera phone and mms communications : the italian youth experiences b scifo procs . t-mobile conference  
hartree-fock ab initio treatment of crystalline systems c pisani r dovesi c roetti  1988.0 
bouncy e granum a demonstration presented at the nordic interactive media & hellip ;  
capgras syndrome : a novel probe for understanding the neural representation of the identity and w hirstein vs ramachandran proceedings : biological sciences 1997.0 
loading databases using dataflow parallelism j grayâ ? ¦ sigmod record  
geology of the northern hijaz quadrangles kingdom of saudi arabia gf brown ro jackson rg bogue wh maclean maps i  
detection enhancement of solar reflective hyperspectral data via spectrum binning optimization c simi c lasota proceedings of mss cc & d  
the fsn challenge : large-scale interactive television c blank   
downside risk implications of multinationality and international joint ventures jj reuer mj leiblein academy of management journal 2000.0 
thermal diffusion in mixtures of molecules of small mass difference ke grew phil . mag  
acceleration support by integrated starter/alternator for automotive applications r jayabalan a emadi proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2004.0 
birds of north america f alsop  2001.0 
the grid le : an adaptable symmetric multikey le structure j nievergelt h hinterberger kc sevcik acm transactions on database systems  
personal and contextual determinants of coping strategies cj holahan rh moos  1987.0 
continuous '' morphing '' : competing through dynamic capabilities form and function vp rindova s kotha   
critical questions about multicultural big books in the early childhood classroom . pull-out feature . eh rowell social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
investigation of laser treatment : the laser cylinder q zheng j li y yang z li & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
the gadfly : an approach to architectural-level system comprehension k wallnau p clements e morris r krut proceedings of the 4th international workshop on program & hellip ; 1996.0 
polymorphic type inference d leivant proceedings of the 10th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
billsus daniel i webb geoffrey j pazzani michael machine learning for user modelinguser modeling and user - & hellip ;  
an introduction to quality of service pj willis bt technology journal 2005.0 
group theory in physics ( academic london 1984 ) jf cornwell vol .  
the importance of individual inputs on assessing gss value : an interdisciplinary approach for a massey d clapper proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
live structure and motion estimation d nister demonstration cvpr  
derivation of high order control laws for active rejection of rotor noise and vibrations r kube european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
on the importance of tuning in incremental view maintenance : an experience case study d agrawal ae abbadi  2000.0 
models of ontogenetic development for autonomous adaptive systems d harter r kozma   
life events and substance use among adolescents : mediating effects of perceived loss of control and md newcomb ll harlow journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
lâ ?? integration des donnees dans un systeme de reconnaissance de documents assistee f bapst r brugger a zramdini r ingold   
sia : secure information aggregation in sensor networks b przydatek d song a perrig proceedings of acm sensys 2003.0 
lie algebras associated to fiber-type arrangements preprint 2000 available at arxiv : math dc cohen fr cohen m xicotencatl   
the emergence of distributed component platforms d krieger rm adler ieee computer 1998.0 
pradiktive regelung der ammonium-stickstoffkonzentration in klaranlagen mit ausgleichsbecken m schuhen  1998.0 
spy stoppers c metz pc magazine . march  
transaction monitoring in encompass [ tm ] : reliable distributed transaction processing a borr proceedings of vldb 1981.0 
join graph and database schemes g chase proc 7th int . conf . on  
a method for obtaining digital signatures and public-key cryptosystems . lcs tm82 rl rivest a shamir l adleman  1977.0 
integrating mining with relational database systems : alternatives and implications s sunita t shiby a rakesh proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
a database system for real-time event aggregation in telecommunication j baulier s blott hf korth a silberschatz proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
prosody-based automatic detection of annoyance and frustration in human-computer dialog j ang r dhillon a krupski e shriberg a stolcke   
preventive structural analysis of dataflow diagrams mj chen cg chung information and software technology 1992.0 
the beginnings of urban ambulance service in the united states and england . js haller jr journal of emergency medicine 1990.0 
locally weighted learning cg atkeson aw moore s schaal artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
medmaker : a mediation system based on declarative specification yph garcia-molina j ullman technical report stanford university  
coping as a mediator of emotion s folkman rs lazarus journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
developable spaces and problems of fletcher and lindgren am mohamad   
on the problem of the software cost function jj dolado information & software technology 2001.0 
legal remedies act which prohibits a broad range of unfair and deceptive acts and allows consumers c has also enacted a consumers   
extending the odmg object model with triggers e bertino g guerrini i merlo knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
magnetostratigraphy of the late permian coal measures sydney & gunnedah basin : a regional & global h theveniaut c klootwijk c foster j giddings proc . 28th newcastle symp  
assessing writing : theory and practice kl greenberg new directions for teaching and learning 1988.0 
small signaling systems can evolve in the absence of benefit to the information sender j batali unpublished manuscript 1995.0 
myocardial hypertrophy in chronic renal failure : a multifactorial reversible alteration g cannella e paoletti contributions to nephrology 1996.0 
the powerset operator as a result of adding programming constructs to the nested algebra m gyssens d van gucht proceedings acm sigmod  
an overview of the multiagent systems engineering methodology mf wood sa deloach lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
managerial fads and fashions : the diffusion and rejection of innovations e abrahamson the academy of management review 1991.0 
california dob index ( 1990 's from acpl e-resources ) '' c csra  1800.0 
ubiquitous self-tuning scalable servers p spiro   
black colleges and universities : challenges for the future am garibaldi   
performance engineering of group communication protocols rk budhia   
implementing an on-the-fly garbage collector for java t domani ek kolodner e lewis ee salant k   
nonlinear array dependence analysis university of maryland at college park college park w pugh d wonnacott md  
analysis of the radiation conditions in the enisei river after decommissioning of direct-flow av nosov am martynova at .  
hit or miss : how librarians find out about new technology . je klobas l clyde electronic library 1990.0 
citation indexing : its theory and application in science technology and humanities e garfield   
squire : sequential pattern mining with quantities c kim jh lim r ng k shim data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
locality-based adaptation of communication protocols to dynamic input and network topology b awerbuch  1987.0 
acta : a framework for specifying and reasoning about transactions pk chrysanthis k ramamritham proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
modeling slotted wdm rings with discrete-time markovian models ma marsan e leonardi m meo f neri computer networks 2000.0 
a transaction logic for database specification x qian r waldinger proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
compiling separable recursions j pjww naughton proc . of the 1988 acm-sigmod conference on the management of & hellip ;  
parallel algorithms for the execution of relational database operations d bitton h boral dj dewitt wk wilkinson acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
computational investigation of the movement of a fused mass to the vessel bottom during an gn blasichedv gb usynin ng kuzavkov at .  
volumic segmentation using hierarchical representation and triangulated surface jo lachaud a montanvert lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
a first version of a data flow procedure language project mac technical memorandum 66 j dennis cambridge ma : mit laboratory for computer science may l975 .  
software quark model : a universal model for case repositories t ajisaka information and software technology 1996.0 
scour monitoring and instrumentation jd schall federal highway administration demonstration project  
anniversary edition : business models b schmid r alt h zimmermann b buchet electronic markets  
evaluation of function blocks for asynchronous design cd nielsen proceedings of acm 1994.0 
hsv/aav rep1 hybrid amplicon vector improves the stability of transgene expression in human cells by y wang sm camp m niwano s shen jc bakowska xo  2002.0 
the mechanics of the normal and ischemic left ventricle during the cardiac cycle phm bovendeerd technical university eindhoven  
three-dimensional reflection of shock waves propagating in square crosssectional tubes z jiang o onodera k takayama proc of the 21st int syrup on shock  
c and ullman j d. the theory ofjoms in relational databases i aho b av acm trans database syst  
automatic construction of multifaceted browsing interfaces w dakka pg ipeirotis kr wood   
fast electron generation and transport in a turbulent magnetized plasma madison phd thesis mr stoneking university of wisconsin  
the importance of movement in the response of natural enemies to habitat manipulation a corbett see ref  
functional fas expression in human thymic epithelial cells n moulian c renvoize c desodt a serraf s blood-new york - 1999.0 
locomotion analysis of hyper redundant systems h yamauchi m fukaya m saito t iwasaki proc . of 28th sice symposium on control theory  
dnabootâ ?? bootstrap confidence intervals on dna parsimony 3.1 j felsenstein seattle : university of washington  
synthetic force simulation fidelity e harvey engineering  
pavement management analysis multi-year prioritization . fh administration demonstration project  
a retrieval technique for similarity shapes hv jagadish proc . 1991 acmsigmod int . conf . management of  
learning from native adult education ja orr new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
on processing xml in ldap g lausen pj marron intl. conference on very large data bases ( vldb )  
sporen tekens letters m andersch   
computational uses ofthe manipulation offormal proofs ca goad technical report stan-cs-80-819 stanford university august  
the faculty/librarian partnership . ra simon new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
complex critical exponents from renormalization group theory of earthquakes : implications for d sornette cg sammis j. phys . i france 1995.0 
a service platform for online games d saha s sahu a shaikh proc . of acm netgames  
the nclan economic assessment : approach findings and implications rm adams jd glyer ba mccarl see ref  
role of routine percutaneous hip aspirations prior to prosthesis revision es gould hg potter se bober skeletal radiology 1990.0 
fast computation of sparse datacubes ka ross d srivastava proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very & hellip ; 1997.0 
the effects of bone plug length and screw diameter on the holding strength of bone-tendon-bone g pomeroy m baltz k pierz m nowak w post jp arthroscopy-new york - 1998.0 
long air bubbles in a vertical tube ah gibson phil . mag  
programming collaborative web applications with microsoft exchange 2000 server m martin   
a mixed linear and non-linear logic : proofs terms and models n benton lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
5.0 statistical graphics rockville v statgraphics md  
heat transfer in meat dr heldman proc . 28th annual reciprocal meat conference of the american & hellip ;  
dynamic rebinding for marshalling and update with destruct-time lambda g bierman m hicks p sewell g stoyle k   
multiculturalism versus unity and commonality . teacher 's resources . ph porterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
r and gray as shibli f viswanathan d. ed : proceedings seminar on cyclic operation of power plant -  
trex : dtd-conforming xml to xml transformations a zhou q wang z guo x gong s zheng h wu j   
semantic issues in multidatabase systems - preface by the special issue editor ap sheth sigmod record  
the dissimilatory sulfate-and sulfur-reducing bacteria f widdel ta hansen the prokaryotes 1992.0 
back to eden 5th edn . ( 1939 ) j kloss reprinted by lifeline books santa barbara california ( 1975  
now : distributed supercomputing on a network of workstations september 1993 t anderson presentation at  
simulating the impact of information flows in networked organizations p peters m jarke   
what does internet look like ? empirical laws of the internet topology c faloutsos m faloutsos p faloutsos proceedings of acm sigcomm  
nist electron elastic-scattering cross-section database version 3.1 standard reference data a jablonski f salvat cj powell md  
formal methods are research not development p zave ieee computer  
garcãa - solaco : â ?? suitability of data models as canonical models for federated dbsâ ?? c saltor acm sigmod record  
modelling issues of wireless lans for accident and emergency departments ka banitsas r istepanian   
an integrated visualization system for surgical planning and guidance using image fusion and dt gering a nabavi r kikinis wel grimson n lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
uncapping mandatory retirement : the lobbyists ' influence . hj pratt new directions for higher education 1989.0 
resource integration using a large knowledge base in carnot mn huhns c collet wm shen ieee computer  
efficient structural joins on indexed xml documents sy chien z vagena d zhang vj tsotras c zaniolo vldb 2002.0 
an evaluation of value-transfer within a modular supply chain d doran r roome   
data mining using two-dimensional optimized association rules : scheme t fukuda y morimoto s morishita t tokuyama algorithms and visualization acm  
knowledge bargaining power and the instability of international joint ventures ac inkpen pw beamish the academy of management review 1997.0 
on the form of free triode vibrations b van der pol hv appleton phil . mag  
portugal : the decade of return j lewis a williams geography  
lexequal : supporting multilexical queries in sql a kumaran jr haritsa data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
the mathlab group mr manual laboratory for computer science mit cambridge mass. dec  
mobile computing with windows xp j calhoon   
policy specification for programmable networks m sloman e lupu lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
ch . 5 : 09 â § 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) - ( b ) m act   
a texture-based object detection and an adaptive model-based classification t kalinke c tzomakas w von seelen procs . ieee intelligent vehicles  
technical report aug17-7 j eckerle o nurmi technical university of munich  
xmas : an extensible main-memory storage system sk cha jh park bd park proceedings of the sixth international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
a new tool for file and table addressing w litwin l hashing proceedings of the 6th international conference on vldb & hellip ;  
segmentation du son en se basant sur la distance de kullback leibler h harb l chen jy auloge proceedings of the 7ã ¨ mes journã © es d &#39; ã?tudes et d &#39; ã?changes & hellip ;  
semantic heterogeneity in distributed geographic databases mf worboys sm deen sigmod record 1991.0 
reckoning with the spiritual lives of adult educators lj vogel new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
introduction to the special section on cognitive abilities : 100 years after spearman 's ( 1904 ) '' d lubinski journal of personality and social psychology 2004.0 
lernen-lehren-unterricht : lernpsychologische und didaktische grundlagen 2002 h schrã ¶ der   
some odyssean scenes in apuleius . sj harrison md  
state of the art of low noise amplifiers for semiconductor radiation detectors v radeka proc . int . symp . nuclear  
warding off pc threats . mh ainsworth computerworld. 1987.0 
site redesigns keepit simple s machlis computerworld  
a hierarchical model of approach and avoidance achievement motivation aj elliot ma church journal of personality and social psychology  
software reliability modelling : the state of the art p mellor information and software technology 1987.0 
plasma exchange for guillain-barrã © syndrome jc raphael s chevret ra hughes d annane cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
stairways to heaven : an interlocking self-regulation model of negotiation jf brett gb northcraft rl pinkley the academy of management review 1999.0 
meningeal involvement in wegener granulomatosis u specks kg moder tj mcdonaldâ ? ¦ mayo clinic proceedings 2000.0 
academic competitiveness among graduate students ma cretsinger  2003.0 
different patterns of fore-hindlimb coordination during overground locomotion in cats with ventral t bem t gã ³ rska h majczyå?ski w zmyså?owski experimental brain research 1995.0 
an odyssey of teacher assessment : 1986-1990 ls shulman  1990.0 
automating camera management in a lecture room q liu y rui a gupta j cadiz proceedings of acm  
computer hardware description languages : the bridge between software and hardware mr barbacci t uehara ieee computer  
toward a new information logic cj van rijsbergen proceedings of acm sigir  
building fundamentally extensible application-specific operating systems in space [ probert bruno ] d probert  1995.0 
soft computing-a tool for building intelligent systems b azvine n azarmi kc tsui bt technology journal  
interactions between mcm10p and other replication factors are required for proper initiation and y kawasaki s hiraga a sugino genes to cells 2000.0 
verifying probabilistic water supply outlooks for the potomac river basin ss schwartz proc . 28th conf . and symp . on managing water resources & hellip ;  
superwarfarin poisoning . b katona s wason journal of emergency medicine 1990.0 
the csnet name server mh solomon lh landweber d neuhengen computer networks  
tests of stochastic dominance and cumulative independence in buying and selling prices of gambles mh birnbaum s yeary submitted for  
prosodic constraints on the emergence of grammatical morphemes : crosslinguistic evidence from c lleã ³ k demuth   
integration of heterogeneous databases jma dãaz   
simplifying polynomial constraints over integers to make dependence analysis more precise v maslov w pugh md  
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries a halverson j burger l galanis a kini r  2003.0 
asymmetric fingerprinting b pfitzmann m schunter lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
security works t anderson l arbetter a benawides a longmore - security management  
learning patterns of landscape and life de clover lh hill new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
modeling the impacts of reservoir emptying . energy and water : sustainable development a petitjean jp maurel jp bouchard jc galland proceedings of theme d water for a changing global & hellip ;  
theory of probabilistic databases c roger proc . of the 13th vldb conference  
devise : integrated querying and visual exploration of large datasets ( demo abstract ) m livny r ramakrishnan ks beyer g chen d sigmod conference 1997.0 
applications . ( 3 ) i ii pf concepts discussion demonstration practice of fitness concepts and  
determination of as and se in seawater by flow injection vapor generation etv-icp-ms jw lam re sturgeon  1999.0 
u.â ?? an overview of data warehousing and olap technologyâ ?? sd chaudhuri technical report msrtr-97-14 microsoft corporation march  
development of differentially driven inpipe inspection robot for underground gas pipelines sg roh sm ryew hr choi   
estimation of illumination for color correction hj trussell mj vrhel   
the challenge of helping low-income fathers support their children c miller v knox   
fast similarity search in presence of noise scaling and translation in time-series database . in : r agrawal ki lin ss harpreet  1995.0 
model reduction parameter estimation and experimental design of reactors s venkatesh  2001.0 
design and implementation of an access control processor for xml documents e damiani sdc vimercati s paraboschi p samarati www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
fast np chunking using memory-based learning techniques j veenstra proceedings of benelearn 1998.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ reducing the bandwidth of sparse symmetric matricesã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents e cuthill j mckee proc . acm nut .  
workplace basics in the 1990s : critical issues and promising practices sw folinsbee new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
research into lightning-related incidents in shallow south african coal mines hj geldenhuys aj eriksson wb jackson jb raath proc . 21st int . conf . safety in mines research  
a new index of dimensionalityâ ?? detect hr kim j zhang w stout unpublished manuscript  
the importance of spatial heterogeneity in organisms with complex life cycles : analysis of digenetic t stevens  1996.0 
evolution and phylogenetic relationships of deepsea octopods ( cirrata and incirrata ) in : clarke mr gl voss academic san diego  
multivariate nonparametric regression using lifting m jansen gp nason bw silverman submitted for publication  
using the structure of web sites for automatic segmentation of tables . to appear in k lerman l getoor s minton ca knoblock proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
activation of apoptosis d uring the reperfusion phase after rat liver ischemia h sasaki t matsuno n tanaka k orita transplantation proceedings 1996.0 
monadic encapsulation in ml . in the acm sigplan international conference on functional programming m semmelroth a sabry  1999.0 
all channels openâ ?? multimodal human/computer interfaces pj wyard ge churcher bt technology journal 2000.0 
synthesis and biodegradation of azopolymers for colon-site specific drug delivery systems [ c ] jh chen qy chen jr sheng proc of 29th inter . symp on controlled release of bioactive & hellip ;  
climate research does not remove uncertainty : coping with the risks of climate change s re  1998.0 
risk preference differentials of small groups and individuals rs shupp a williams unpublished  
microbial oxidation of sulphur in saskatchewan soils jj germida jr lawrence v gupta proc int sulphur  
diffusion of gases in polymers m iotov s keshihara sd dasgupta wa goddard iii to be  
supporting recursion-in proc if cruz ao mendelzon ptwagq language acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
chronic parenting stress : moderating versus mediating effects of social support al quittner rl glueckauf dn jackson journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
development of a coordination chemistry-based approach for functional supramolecular structures nc gianneschi ms masar iii ca mirkin acc . chem . res 2005.0 
the priority r-tree : a practically efficient and worst-case optimal r-tree l arge m de berg hj haverkort k yi proc . sigmod international conference on management of data 2004.0 
ethiopia and the nile : dilemmas of national and regional hydropolitics y arsano  2004.0 
p. 461 2000 h gã 1/4 mã 1/4 å?kaya m ve bilgisayarlar a yayä ± nlarä ±   
translation-invariant denoising rc cd951 d donoho technical report stanford university  
hilbert r-tree fractals i kamel c faloutsos proc . of vldb conference . santiago chile september  
single dose oral paracetamol ( acetaminophen ) for postoperative pain j barden j edwards a moore h mcquay cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
otros ( 1.994 ) : pedagogãa e lã ³ pez-barajas experimental  
a general critical-strain criterion for crazing in amorphous glassy polymers rj oxborough pb bowden phil . mag  
subspace clustering of high dimensional data c domeniconi d papadopoulos d gunopulos s ma   
lingual ischemia following tongue entrapment in a glass bottle sj guha nd catz journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
object-oriented real-time systems : concepts and examples te bihari   
reconnecting bits and atoms g cosier s whittaker bt technology journal 2001.0 
guest editor 's introduction portal.acm.org   
11 signs of spyware nj rubenking pc magazine march  
graphdb : modeling and querying graphs in databases rh gueting vldb 1994.0 
safety property verification of cyclic circuits k claessen submitted for publication  
braverman mt and slater jk ( eds ) current issues in survey research da dillman rl sangster j tarnai t rockwood new directions for program evaluation series jossey-bass & hellip ;  
adding value to web-opacs b harmsen   
the '' self digest '' : self-knowledge serving self-regulatory functions et higgins journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
using offline bitstream analysis for power-aware video decoding in portable devices y huang s chakraborty y wang proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
the role of initial flaw size and plasticity in adjacent layers in channeling crack growth in thin jm ambrico mr begley submitted for publication 2002.0 
nitroglycerin in the treatment of cocaine associated chest pain-clinical safety and efficacy . j hollander r hoffman p gennis journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
predictive perceptual compression for real time video communication o komogortsev j khan proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
using labeled paths for loop-free on-demand routing in ad hoc networks h rangarajan jj garcia-luna-aceves   
a new class of regularizable strongly continuous semigroups of fast growth near the origin pc kunstmann   
a reexamination of the role of nonhypnotic suggestibility in hypnotic responding ez woody m drugovic jm oakman journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
modeling multidimensional databases : [ research report ] r agrawal a gupta s sarawagi ibm almaden research center san jose california  
concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in sediment and ground water near the wyckoff jc cubbage west seattle washington : washington department of ecology & hellip ;  
democracy in america a tocqueville   
access control in a relational data base management system by query modification w weis69 proc . 1974 acm annual 1969.0 
on sending artifact in search of artifact : reply to mcdonald harris and maher dm wegner t giuliano journal of personality and social psychology 1983.0 
la grande dã © sillusion ã?ditions lgf 2003 je stiglitz   
the adaptive cross validation method-design and control of communication systems a svensson submitted for  
tl wilfong aj francavilla db wuertz mk simon and bl weber 1997 : application of the prototype da merritt proc . 28th conf . on radar  
identity negotiation : where two roads meet wb swann journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
monograph series of the international conferences on coordination chemistry ed . by g. ondrejovic m lalia-kantouri slovak technical university  
born in 1972 used injection drugs since 1995 k patient at  
model-matching approach to h ^ filtering ys hung   
inside distributed com g eddon h eddon microsoft programming series 1998.0 
seress fast management of permutation groups l babai e luks proc . 28th ieee focs  
recovery of newfoundland benthic marine communities from sea ice r hooper proc . int . seaweed symp  
subextremal functions and lattice programming m li calzi a veinott  1992.0 
search space reduction in qos routing l guo i matta computer networks 2003.0 
social math . teacher 's resources . p porterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
stochastic heat and wave equations on a lie group s peszat s tindel   
. mathworks inc. 1999 m inc   
a cost model for nearest neighbor search in high-dimensional data space s berchtold hp kriegel   
keoladeo national park ecology study vs vijayan bombay ( india ) : bombay natural history society  
plantlet formation from anthers of citrus aurantium t hidaka y yamada t shichijo l. proc . int . soc . citriculture  
deep blue 's hardware-software synergy s hamilton l garber   
injection how-to document o aumont jc orr  2000.0 
implementing large production systems in a dbms environment t sellis c lin l raschid proceedings of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
manipulation by nutrient limitation of the biosynthetic activity of immobilized cells of capsicum k lindsey planta 1985.0 
violence against emergency nurses d dalphond m gessner e giblin k hijazzi c love journal of emergency nursing  
channel-aware schedulers for voip and mpeg-4 based on channel prediction acc aguiar c hoene j klaue h karl a wolisz h at momuc  
final report c plinta sbr phase development and demonstration of an ocu-style message & hellip ;  
supporting full-text information retrieval with po store ew brown jp callan wb croft jeb moss   
scrap more boilerplate : reflection zips and generalised casts r lammel   
considerations on preestablished tree rerouting handoff protocols for wireless atm pcn j jiang th lai mt sun computer networks 1999.0 
a womanâ ?? s place l mcdowell d massey geography matters  
a new dynamic geotechnical centrifuge and performance of shaking table tests . m sato proc. int . conf . on centrifuge  
modelling virtual space in architecture d kurmann m engeli proceedings of acm symposium on virtual reality software and & hellip ;  
hydroponic production of vegetables and ornamentals d savvas h passam  2002.0 
andj . a. copeland â ?? balanced media access methods for wireless networks â ?? t ozugur m naghshineh p kermani cm olsen b proc . acm/ieee  
cleavage of metal single crystals an stroh phil . mag  
compression for venous leg ulcers n cullum ea nelson aw fletcher ta sheldon cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
magneto-rheological fluid dampers for semi-active s eismic control jd carson   
late night vrml 2.0 with java 1997 b roehl j couch c reed-ballreich t rohaly g   
automatic and semiautomatic methods for image annotation and retrieval in query by image content ( j ashley r barber m flickner jl hafner d lee proceedings of spie 2003.0 
a qualitative comparison study of data structures for large line segment databases eg hoel h samet proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data san diego & hellip ; 1992.0 
single-crystal gaas films for nuclear radiation detectors vm zaletin ii protasov oa matveevâ ? ¦ at .  
the new idria serpentinite of california : a toxic rock ? : geological society of america abstracts m ross 1994 annual meeting seattle washington october  
fields at finite temperature : a general study of the two-point function j bros d buchholz to  
a. patterson i johnston s. . ward ps goldspinl g. : the histochemical demonstration & hellip ;  
jed : just an event display ad malony acm press frontier series 1990.0 
are credit scoring models sensitive with respect to default definitions ? evidence from the austrian e hayden unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
functional analysis of the c-terminal flanking sequence of platelet glycoprotein ibalpha using y shen j dong gm romo w arceneaux a aprico ee blood-new york - 2002.0 
refinements of the ziegler-nichols tuning formula cc hang kj astrom wk ho  1992.0 
a 1.35 gbps decision feedback equalizing receiver for the sstl sdram interface with 2x over-sampling ys sohn sj bae hj park   
the microsoft guide to c++ programming k christian microsoft programming series 1992.0 
business models for electronic markets t paul electronic  
evaluating the merit and worth of sales training : asking the right questions dm brethower new directions for program evaluation 1989.0 
saltillo 1770-1810 : town and region in the mexican north . tucson : university of arizona press ls offutt geography  
stochastic coding of speech signals at very low bit rates bs atal mr schroeder proc . int . conf . comm  
gt-cats as a model of pilot behavior in the ` glass cockpit ' : an application and empirical evaluation tj callantine cm mitchell ea palmer submitted for publication  
answering queries from statistics and probabilistic views n dalvi d suciu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
sellis 1991 : r. ng c. faloutsos and t. sellis flexible buffer allocation based on marginal gains f ng proc . acm sigmod  
automatic text recognition for video indexing r lienhart   
ambulant : a fast multi-platform open source smil player dca bulterman j jansen k kleanthous k blom d proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
servo-system design technique utilising sensitivity as a design parameter y kamiya iee proceedings d. control theory and applications 1983.0 
linguist-86 : yet another translator writing system based on attribute grammars r farrow acm sigplan notices 1982.0 
classification of drug according to their discriminable effects in rats 1974  1974.0 
programming windows with mfc j prosise  1999.0 
the quantum theory of measurement p busch pj lahti p mittelstaedt  1991.0 
constrained rotary mr damper design and its application movicâ ?? 98 sh kim y park proc . of int . conf. zurich switzerland  
microvillar peptidase activity in amniotic fluid : possible use in the prenatal diagnosis of cystic nj carbarns c gosden djh brock lancet i 1983.0 
investigating classroom cultures . fw sesow social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
wysiwymâ ?? building user interfaces with natural language feedback r evans r power   
the alphaslider : a rapid and compact selector c ahlberg b shneiderman proc . acm chi &#39; 94 conference  
genres of digital documents introduction to the special issue of information technology & people bh kwaå?nik k crowston   
reflection and refraction of elastic waves with seismological applications cg knott phil . mag  
photobiol . a : chem . 1996 99 85 ; b ) wdw horrocks jr dr sudnick m elbanowski b makowska j photochem acc . chem . res  
developing mentoring programs : major themes and issues ma wunsch new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
coordinating for success : trading information redundancy for task simplicity k carley   
automotive active suspensions . part 2 : practical considerations ra williams proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1997.0 
a study of shape in dynamic handwritten signature verification gk gupta rc joyce submitted for publication 1997.0 
using archaeology to explore cultures of north america through time ms black social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
cooperation among technical specialists in a distributed computing environment k eschenfelder s sawyer r heckman   
â ?? implementing an internet-based historical gis of regional industrial development . rg healey tr stamp association of american geographers annual conference & hellip ;  
studies on some factors affecting pig meat quality g malmfors proc . 28th europ . meeting meat res . workers  
species sampling models j pitman unpublished manuscript  
numerical continuation methods : an introduction el allgower k georg  1990.0 
performance isolation and resource sharing on shared-memory multiprocessors b verghese a gupta   
desirable versus undesirable life events : their relationship to stress and mental distress a vinokur ml selzer journal of personality and social psychology 1975.0 
decentralized coordination of transactional processes in peer-to-peer environments k haller c tã 1/4 rker proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
photosynthesis and respiration of citrus as dependent upon fruit load f lenz proc . int . soc . citricult  
the operative remote sensing of snow covered area in a service of hydrological modelling in finland s metsã $ mã $ ki m huttunen s anttila proceedings of the 23rd symposium of the european & hellip ;  
a method for the construction of minimum redundancy codes da huffman   
pointer analysis and its applications to java programs . master 's thesis a salcianu  2001.0 
ultraviolet sexual dimorphism and assortative mating in blue tits s andersson j ornborg m andersson proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
co. 2000 d verwã ¶ hnungsfalle a wunsch kv gmbh   
gflops qr processor on a xilinx virtex-e fpgaâ ?? rl walke rwm smith g lightbody spie san diego  
efficient view maintenance in xml data warehouses h liefke sb davidson   
aggregate processing in parallel rdbms a shatdal jf naughton proceedings of the acm sigmod conference san jose & hellip ;  
pharmacological management for agitation and aggression in people with acquired brain injury s fleminger rj greenwood dl oliver cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
international forum on coating science and technology x chen l wu s zhou b you  2002.0 
functions of several variables wh fleming  1977.0 
excess yields in bond hedging h reisman g zohar submitted for publication 2003.0 
oo-case tools : an evaluation of rose g post a kagan information & software technology 2000.0 
new borland c++ builds 32-bit os/2 applications s canter pc magazine 1993.0 
asymptotic stability of nonlinear filters in hidden markov models '' tl lai  2003.0 
lexique et groupes consonantiques v aubergã © lj boã `` jp lefevre proceedings of the 17th journã © es d &#39; etudes sur la parole  
component reuse in software design : an observational study d budgen a pohthong submitted for  
non structure theory s shelah to  
ambiguity representation and resolution in spoken dialogue systems e ammicht a potamianos e fosler-lussier   
lectures on quantum mechanics yeshiva university pam dirac new york  
the glory of the cross sm zwemer  1973.0 
biological control of bruchids in stored cowpea in west africa . integrated protection of stored c stolk c alder m schoeller proceedings of the meeting at zurich switzerland  
software agents . papers from the 1994 spring symposium march 21-23 o etzioni stanford university . technical report ss-94-03 aaai press  
spectral difference method for unstructured grids i : basic formulation y liu m vinokur zj wang   
editors of protein folding jr winkler hb gray acc . chem . res  
resources for developing senior faculty as teachers rk seal new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
0 . e. 1965 aoe animalu phil . mag  
the sequoia 2000 benchmark m stonebraker j frew k gardels j meredith sigmod conference  
the anomeric effect and related stereoelectronic effects at oxygen aj kirby  1983.0 
computer simulations on the orientation of molecular hydrogen in liquid crystals ( abstract only ) j lounila t rantala proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
habitual interactions between humans and wild bottlenose dolphins ( tursiops truncatus ) near panama a samuels l bejder md  
the impact of technology-based industries in washington state wb beyers dp lindahl technology alliance seattle washington january  
logarithmic sobolev inequalities and contractive properties of semigroups l gross lecture notes in mathematics-springer verlag - 1993.0 
equation-basedbehavioral model generation for nonlinear circuits c borchers l hedrich e barke proc . ieee/acm dac  
noise and the reality gap : the use of simulation in evolutionary robotics n jakobi p husbands i harvey lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
shared interactive video for teleconferencing c liao q liu d kimber p chiu j foote l wilcox proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
flow-back : providing backward recovery for workflow management systems ; procs . 1998acm sigmod int b kiepuszewski r muhlberger m orlowska conf . on management of data  
pdas for every budget b brown m brown pc magazine may  
the teaching of evaluation in schools of management r perloff rf rich new directions for program evaluation 1986.0 
living with agents j collis s soltysiak d ndumu n azarmi bt technology journal 2000.0 
the changing face of freeware j edwards ieee computer 1998.0 
a generation transformation scheme for consistency maintenance in real-time cooperative editing cz sun x jia y zhang y yang proceedings of international acm siggroup conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
the book of indian animals . 4th impression sh prater  1993.0 
electronic business & commerce m chesher r kaura p linton m chesher   
a heightfield on an isometric grid m mcguire pg sibley proceedings of acm siggraph 2004 2004.0 
european business systems london : sage encompasses a collective with heterogeneous interests rd whitley  1992.0 
mechanisms linking work and family : clarifying the relationship between work and family constructs jr edwards np rothbard academy of management review 2000.0 
elementy informatyki mm syslo t1  
simulated virtual market place by using voiscape communication medium y kanada proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
developing and responding to major writing projects aj herrington new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
the application of backpropagation neural networks to predict the results of combat da jacobs wo hedgepeth   
from tree patterns to generalized tree patterns : on efficient evaluation of xquery z chen hv jagadish lvs lakshmanan s paparizos  2003.0 
boundary behaviour of conformal maps c pommerenke  1992.0 
dissolved oxygen in the chesapeake bay : processes and effects . maryland sea grant college park gb mackiernan md  
analysis of hourly surface weather observations 1988-1992 d clark j evans computer data file mit/lincoln laboratory lexington ma (  
ch . 5 : 03 â § 7 ( 4 ) ( a ) - ( b ) ( e ) - ( g ) . other considerations include the particular history of marital mc act   
vist : a dynamic index method for querying xml data structures h wang s park w fan ps yu proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
quontvm communication ik wi msc thesis computer science department the hebrew university  
linear logic for structural software synthesis p kungas j rao   
using artificial intelligence to solve problems in software quality management cj burgess software quality management-international conference -  
w 1987 . on the correctness of orphan elimination algorithms in proceedings of the 17th ieee m herlihy n lynch m merritt w anii mit/lcs ztm-329 mit laboratory - for computer sc ence  
strategy for internal evaluators ac nowakowski new directions for program evaluation 1989.0 
a type system equivalent to flow analysis . in 22 ndacm symposium on principles of programming j palsberg poâ ?? keefe  1995.0 
efficient detection of all pointer and array access errors - group of 5 & raquo ; tm austin se breach gs sohi proceedings of the acm sigplan 1994 conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
high frequency of htlv-iii antibodies among heterosexual intravenous drug abusers in the austrian d fuchs hg blecha f deinhardt mp dierich fd lancet i 1985.0 
using views to answer queries with contraction and relaxation options x qian submitted for  
agents for process coherence in virtual enterprises ak jain mp singh communications-acm 1999.0 
prescriptions for information systems planning in a turbulent environment h salmela al lederer t reponen   
a host computer system for software development pn gray proc . 1974 acm national  
gromov-hofer compactness for holomorphic curevs in a symplectic cobordism f bourgeois e yakov technical report stanford university  
open planning scheduling and constraint management architectures h beck a tate bt technology journal 1995.0 
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals k ibrahim c faloutsos proceedings of the 20th conference on very large data bases  
fluoride gels for preventing dental caries in children and adolescents ( cochrane review ) vcc marinho jpt higgins s logan a sheiham cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
transaction commitment at minimal communication cost a segall o wolfson proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
writing teaching assessment questions for precision and reflection wl rando new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
chimera : example-based graphical editing d kurlander & hellip ; what i do : programming by demonstration table of contents 1993.0 
state alzheimerâ ?? s association conference j cummings santa barbara california : november  
senior certiã?cates ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? 66 u agreementã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? annex i  
extending logic programming d vermeir e laenens d sacca proceedings of the sigmod  
the architecture of an active data base management system dr mccarthy   
streaming technology in 3g mobile communication systems i elsen   
an efficient and cost-effective technique for browsing querying and indexing large video databases j oh ka hua acm sigmod dallas tx may  
classification of modality function and its application to japanese language analysis s naito a shimazu h nomura proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ; 1985.0 
step inside the mind of a virus writer a robbins pc magazine  
successful experience of using function points to estimate project costs early in the life-cycle r betteridge information and software technology  
optimal software testing and adaptive software testing in the context of software cybernetics ky cai information and software technology 2002.0 
a continuum approach to the mechanics of contracting skeletal muscle awj gielen   
a. and roberts ew 1939 ea owen phil . mag  
early versus late fusion in semantic video analysis cgm snoek m worring awm smeulders proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
sequence of proteins of immunological interest . us department of health and human services nih ea kabat tt wu hm perry ks gottesman c foeller md  
â ?? linear programming : the story about how it began . gb dantzig history of mathematical programming : a collection of  
the â ?? virtual enterprise : â ?? your new model for success ls flaig electronic business  
applied xml programming for microsoft . net d esposito  2002.0 
r. and dobbs er 1955 jr barker phil . mag  
hierarchical random-walk algorithms for power grid analysis h qian ss sapatnekar   
distinguishing the picture captions on the world wide web ( poster ) nc rowe b frew proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
new focusing and dispersive planar component based on an optical phased array mk smit  1988.0 
mit proximity card vulnerabilities j mandel a roach k winstein   
control . fusion plasma phys rj butteryâ ? ¦ proc . 28th eps ( funchal 2001 ) vol 25a  
resource management for real-time fault-tolerant distributed systems v kalogeraki  2000.0 
pesticidal soaps and adjuvants-what are they and how do they work gs puritch proceedings of the 23rd annual lower mainland horticultural  
esmolol : a unique drug with ed applications ma frakes journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 
compensation for the effect of the communication channel in auditory-like analysis of speech ( rasta - h hermansky n morgan a bayya p kohn proc . eurospeech  
phylogeny inference package ( phylip ) 3.4 j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
forage digestibility and fitness in grizzly bears fl bunnell t hamilton international conference on bear research and management  
e. and wong e. ( 1987 ) . query optimization by simulated annealing y ioannidis & hellip ; sigmod international conference on management of data and  
information retrieval from an incomplete data cube c dyreson proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
formula budgeting on the down side . wk boutwell new directions for higher education 1973.0 
efficient parallel data mining for association rules js park ms chen ps yuâ ? ¦   
on the characteristics of practical bilinear model structures a dunoyer l balmer kj burnham djg james systems science-wroclaw - 1996.0 
the physicochemical properties of some new aminophosphonates h kleszczynska j sarapuk a dziamska cellular and molecular biology letters 2000.0 
gnutella peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies a. oram g kan  2001.0 
adaptation to the fitness costs of antibiotic resistance in escherichia coli sj schrag v perrot br levin proceedings : biological sciences 1997.0 
histopathology of graft-vs . - host reaction ( gvhr ) in human recipients of marrow from hl-a-matched kg lerner gf kao r storb cd buckner ra clift transplant proc 1974.0 
a uml 2.0 profile for systemc : toward high-level soc design e riccobene p scandurra a rosti s bocchio proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
enforced cytokinesis without complete nuclear division in embryonic cells depleting the activity of n akimitsu n adachi h hirai ms hossain h genes to cells 2003.0 
hamilton cycles in split graphs with large minimum degree nd tan lx hung discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2004.0 
harnessing women 's work : restructuring agricultural and industrial labor forces in the dominican lt raynolds economic geography 1998.0 
wave pipelining for application-specific networks on chips j xu w wolf   
three models for the homotopy theory of homotopy theories preprint available at math je bergner   
a look into the wto pharmaceutical patent dispute between the united states and india d tomar wisconsin international law journal 1999.0 
users loathe to share their know-how b cole-gomolski computerworld  
biochemical interactions of surface-bound peg copolymers np huang  2002.0 
santa barbara papers in linguistics vol . 4 : discourse transcription jw du bois s cumming s schuetze-coburn d university of california santa barbara  
on two species of porphyra from san juan island washington v krishnamurthy proc . int . seaweed symp  
wilkinson overview of the jasmin database machine dh fishman m lai proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
distributed meetings : a meeting capture and broadcasting system r cutler y rui a gupta jj cadiz i tashev l he   
schools without failure . w glasser  1969.0 
variable-structure control approach of decentralised model-reference adaptive systems x xiaohao   
a comparative analysis of iddq vs. delay fault methods for defect-oriented testing of cmos circuits ht vierhaus w meyer u glaser proc . int . test conf  
developmental care for promoting development and preventing morbidity in preterm infants ( cochrane a symington j pinelli cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
curricular learning communities jh levine ns shapiro new directions for higher education 2000.0 
special issue on real-time database systems a bestavros sigmod record  
analysis of the difficulties of proof c nakanishi the teaching of demonstration in geometry . tokyo : meiji & hellip ;  
regulating assisted reproductive technologies in canada . e montpetit unpublished manuscript  
reasoning about binary topological relations chapter `` reasoning about binary topological relations . m egenhofer  1991.0 
discrete orthogonal transforms and neural networks for image interpolation m oravec j polec radioengineering-prague - 1999.0 
a theoretical framework for the online classroom : a defense and delineation of a student-centered ds knowlton new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
a framework for the specification of test cases for real time distributed systems t walter j grabowski information and software technology 1999.0 
an object-oriented data model c lecluse p richard f velez proceedings of the acmsigmod international conference on & hellip ; 1988.0 
the md5 message-digest algorithm s dusse r rivest rfc 1321 mit laboratory for computer science rsa data security  
colonic involvement in salmonellosis bk mandal v mani lancet i 1976.0 
the college and the future : a policy perspective . dg trites new directions for higher education 1975.0 
the tv-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional data ki lin hv jagadish c faloutsos the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
synchronization consideration in multiuser cdma environment w zhaocheng w jing   
user 's guide to llsol p gill s hammarling w murray m saunders m  1986.0 
data mining : practical machine learning tools and techniques with java implementations ih witten e frank  1999.0 
academic press n geometry san diego  
computer-aided methodology engineering m heym h osterle information and software technology 1993.0 
us-mexico economic integration : labor relations and the organization of work in california and baja c zabin economic geography 1997.0 
the history of machine translation in a nutshell j hutchins   
release 2.0 : a design for living in the digital age e dyson   
a black critique of the internal revenue code bi moran w whitford wisconsin law review 1996.0 
s-plus 4.5 for windows i math soft mathsoft seattle washington  
creating and maintaining team-taught interdisciplinary general education mb seabury ka barrett new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
new hope for people with low incomes : two-year results of a program to reduce poverty and welfare h bos a huston r granger g duncan t brock v  1999.0 
interactive and formal specification of userâ ?? s views in data base design c baldissera s ceri g palegatti g bracchi proceedings of the international conference on very large  
an efficient method for checking object-oriented database schema correctness a formica hd groger m missikoff acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 
local checking of global integrity constraints a gupta j widom proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
single and loving it : must-alias analysis for higher-order languages . in 25 thpopl s jagannathan p thiemann s weeks ak wright san diego ca  
exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained associations rules rtnlvs lakshmanan j han a pang proceedings of the acm sigmod-98 1998.0 
& & kramer s. . spirit : sequential pattern mining with regular expression constraints l de raedt proc . 17 thinternational joint conference on artificial  
retrieval and delivery of information in multimedia database systems wi grosky r mehrotra information software technology  
macrolides for chronic asthma l richeldi g ferrara l fabbri pg gibson cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
high stakes and low stakes in assigning and responding to writing p elbow new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
teaching writing through collaboration . k brufee learning in groups : new directions for teaching and learning  
ariadne : a system for constructing mediators for internet sources jl ambite n ashish g barish ca knoblock s sigmod conference 1998.0 
design overview of the aditi deductive database system j vaghani k ramamohanarao db kemp z somogyi pj   
postgres-r a new way to implement database replication b kemme g alonso bc do n't be lazy proceedings of the 26th international conference on very  
effects of tidal exchange on soil and sediment ws hicks rw fitzpatrick demonstration of management and rehabilitation of acid & hellip ;  
m. franklin m. . livny m. shekita e. data cuchtng tradeoffs tn client-server dfims archftectures c carey proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
partial categorical multi-combinators and church rosser theorems r lins submitted for  
semi-c reference manual â ?? alewife systems memo # 20 k johnson  1992.0 
cross-registration and joint academic programs jt strandness new directions for higher education 1999.0 
image compression for pc graphics : something lossed something gained l grunin pc magazine  
the expression of cd15 in dissociated cultured rat dorsal root ganglion cells e marani m deenen ja maassen the histochemical journal 1992.0 
the spatial manifestation of threat : israelis and palestinians seek a ` good ` border g falah d newman political geography 1995.0 
the senior faculty : higher education 's plentiful yet largely untapped resource mj finkelstein n dorset jemmott new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
recent developments in the numerical tire analysis h rothert n gebbeken j jagusch m kaliske proc . int . rubber conf .  
success with outsourcing and function pointsâ ?? doâ ?? s and donâ ?? ts ca dekkers procs . of software measurement european forum  
computing in america : electronic learning 's sixth annual survey of the states f reinhold electronic learning 1986.0 
role of reactive oxygen formation in the cyclosporin-a-mediated impairment of renal functions a wolf n clemann w frieauff b ryffel transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
magic counting methods d sacca proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
classification of human actions using face and hands detection h ikeda m maeda n kato h kashimura   
transputer arrays and computer-aided control system design gm megson   
memory-cpu interface speeds up data transfers d bursky electronic design  
lbt adaptive secondary preliminary design d gallieni c del vecchio e anaclerio pg   
forthcoming rh leech excavations  
the data dictionary facilities of ndb . gch sharman n winterbottom vldb  
managing intervals efficiently inobject-relational databases hp kriegel m pã ¶ tke t seidl proc . 26thint . conf . on very large databases ( vldb )  
self-injurious behaviour : from response to strategy c oliver research to practice  
the use of fuzzy cognitive maps to simulate the information systems strategic planning process d kardaras b karakostas information & software technology 1999.0 
letter dc wood sigmod record  
curler : finding and visualizing nonlinear correlation clusters akh tung x xu bc ooi proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
macro-actions in reinforcement learning : an empirical analysis a mcgovern rs sutton   
mining periodic patterns with gap requirement from sequences m zhang b kao dw cheung ky yip proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
adaptive arrays - an introduction wf gabriel ieee proceedings 1976.0 
schema design and mapping strategies for persistent object models . s khoshafian t briggs information and software technology 1988.0 
critical pegagogy : a foundation for student empowerment . perspectives . n ukpokoduâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
pearl : an interactive system for the preparation and validation of structured programs ra snowdon acm sigplan notices 1972.0 
the rendezvous language and architecture for constructing multi-users applications r gill t brinck s rohall j patterson proceedings of acm tichi  
the fortran language ba galler history of programming languages 1978.0 
cross-sensitivity and the anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome dm moss m rudis so henderson journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
distributed fusion architectures and algorithms for target tracking me liggins cy chong i kadar mg alford v proceedings-ieee  
the anatomy and morphology of the joshua tree ( yucca brevifolia ) : an arborescent monocot pg simpson  1975.0 
srikant . r. fast algorithms for mining association rules r agrawal & hellip ; conference very large databases santiago chile  
an environment for an operating system jr goodroe gf leonard proc . acm 17th nat . conf  
physiological activity of ethychlozate-fruit thinning and maturity accelerating effects for citrus y kamuro k hirai proc . int . soc . citriculture  
mathematical theories of brittle fracture . liebowitz h. ( ed . ) fracture gc sih academic san diego  
towards a sound view integration methodology ma casanova vmp vidal proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
automated animal-tracking system : tracking elk with retransmitted loran-c : pp. 53â ?? 61 in ph dana w fowler d hindman international loran association santa barbara california  
aspect-oriented web service composition with ao4bpel a charfi m mezini lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
a proof of menger 's theorem by contraction f goring discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2002.0 
automatic scene separation and tree structure gui for video editing h ueda t miyatake proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
management information systems bestwise ( pub . ) 1998 tf wu cc hsieh   
evaluation of dutch health council guidelines on preoperative evaluation wa van klei kgm moons b lo jta knape de   
cortical visual areas of the temporal lobe cg gross cj bruce r desimone j fleming r see woolsey  
hmso bp london   
a phonological model of intonation for use in speech synthesis by rule dr ladd procs european conference on speech technology  
a fast mpeg video encryption algorithm c shi bk bhargava   
douglas ross talks about structured analysis ( interview ) dt ross ieee computer  
self-esteem in young men : a longitudinal analysis of the impact of educational and occupational jg bachman pm oâ ?? malley journal of personality and social psychology 1977.0 
corticosteroids for chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy ( cochrane review ) mm mehndiratta rac hughes cochrane database syst . rev 2001.0 
spinal epidural hematoma progressing to brown-sequard syndrome : report of a case jb hancock e malcom field r gadam journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
syntactical categories of a natural language as facts of a cyclic phase space vm abrusci technical report universita di roma tre  
staying connected rfid : is this game of tag fair play ? m mcginity communications-acm 2004.0 
stereoplot v. 1.2 n mancktelow & hellip ; software for the macintosh system : zurich switzerland & hellip ;  
the rhet system jf allen acm sigart bulletin 1991.0 
rationality and self-interest in peer to peer networks j shneidman dc parkes lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 1997 ma cambridge   
tutorial : state of the art in workflow management system research and products . a tutorial at the c mohan  1996.0 
low income parents and the parentsâ ?? fair share demonstration : an early qualitative look at low - e johnson f doolittle new york : manpower demonstration research corporation june  
agm : a dataflow database machine . l bic rl hartmann acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
on the definition of speedup ( parallel algorithms ) w ertel & hellip ; international parle conference proceedings athens greece & hellip ;  
extranet : best of both â ?? nets k nash   
fully persistent b + - trees s lanka   
grizzly bear dens and denning activity in the mission and rattlesnake mountains montana kc servheen international conference on bear research and management  
international criminal law 1990 vol f malekian   
sideshow : providing peripheral awareness of people and information jj cadiz g venolia g jancke a gupta microsoft technical report 2001-83 . http://research . microsoft .  
daffe/clp/wp3 / wd ( 2001 ) 6 r by japan   
whoâ ?? s vouching for whom in e-commerce c cornell e frye computerworld  
the dimensionality of ratings and their use in personnel decisions pc abrami sdâ ?? apollonia new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
w halperin bi and varma cm 1972 p anderson phil .  
xl : generic text summarization using relevance measure and latent semantic analysis y gong proc . acm  
airborne stepped frequency microwave radiometer measurements of rainfall rate and surface wind speed pg black cl swift conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
personal communication d dagenbach unpublished manuscript  
tourist guide : some issues and experiences k cheverst n davies k mitchell a friday dcae proc . of acm  
exposing the mythical mips year rd silverman   
monadic regions m fluet g morrisett   
delay optimization of combinational logic circuits and partial collapsing hj touati h savoj rk brayton proc . 28th dac  
a 3-dimensional representation for fast rendering of complex scenes r steven w turner proceedings of acm siggraph 1980  
discourse transcription ( vol . 4 ) jw du bois s cumming s schuetze-coburn d santa barbara ca : university of california at santa barbara & hellip ;  
taxonomy and structure of polish personalityrelevant adjectives p szarota unpublished manuscript  
the river ( little brown boston 1999 ) e hooper   
shopbots become agents for business change d clark   
â?â ? gâ ¡ â # â cents â $ â?â?â ¥ gâ ¦ report on the algorithmic language scheme j rees w clinger h abelson ni adams iv d technical report ai memo 848b massachusetts institute of  
on-site learning o matan submitted for publication 1995.0 
hydroinformaticsâ ?? 96 a mueller isbn  
ethnic soccer clubs in milwaukee : a study in assimilation jc pooley  1968.0 
lecture notes on the status of ieee standard 754 for binary floating-point arithmetic . may 1996 w kahan unpublished manuscript available at http://http . cs .  
on the performance of beamforming antennas r ramanathan proceedings of acm  
the starburst long field manager tj lehman bg lindsay vldb 1989.0 
getessconstructing a linguistic search index for an internet search engine a dã 1/4 sterhã ¶ ft g neumann m becker j   
pfleiderer . disclosing information on the internet : is it noise or is it news a admati technical report graduate school of business stanford  
facilitating a faculty learning community using the decoding the disciplines model j middendorf new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
development and operation guide p. 97 s ledray   
moerkotte 1991 : a. kemper c. kilger and g. moerkotte function materialization in object bases k kemper proc . acm sigmod  
controller p vega c prada v aleixandre iee proceedings-part d  
floods : an insurable risk ? p hausmann c perils  1998.0 
oral non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug therapy for cystic fibrosis c dezateux a crighton cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
varfã ¶ r professionalisering ? lã ? engblom i journalisternas bok  
towards the support of integrated views of multiple databases : an aggregate schema facility d swartwout jp fry   
genetics of host-parasite interrelationships c person g sidhu see ref  
a scan-driven sort facility for a relational database system t haerder vldb 1977.0 
human emotions ce izard  1977.0 
on the motion of a viscous fluid l rayleigh phil . mag  
query flocks : an extension to association-rule mining s tsur jd ullman s abiteboul c clifton r  1998.0 
in memory of seymour ginsburg 1928-2004 s abiteboul r hull v vianu acm sigmod record 2005.0 
test flow fluctuations with the 50 mw linde n-4 high voltage arc air heater fja huber & hellip ; symposium 25 th anaheim calif proceedings . part 1 1979.0 
quasineutral limit of the drift diffusion models for semiconductors : the case of general sign - s wang submitted for publication 2004.0 
qcd results from lep above and below the z 0 peak d duchesneau   
tutorial on cluster discovery methods for large bases a hinneburg da keim proc . of acm sigmod conf . on data management  
visual fidelity and perceived quality : towards comprehensive metrics . s winkler   
feynmanâ ?? s operational calculi for noncommuting systems of operators b jefferies gw johnson submitted for  
an accelerated introductory computer science course sequence for non-traditional masterâ ?? s students jd starkey rs babcock as defrance computer  
tool suite enables designers to craft customized embedded processors d bursky electronic  
highly specific insulin assay reveals uniform insulin deficiency in non-insulin-dependent diabetics rc temple ca carrington sd luzio dr owens ae lancet i  
it women in silicon valley k melymuka computerworld  
department of geography university of maryland college park s goetz   
noncrossing partitions in surprising locations preprint j mccammond university of californiaâ ?? santa barbara santa barbara ca  
hamiltonian methods in the theory of solitons ld faddeev la takhtajan  1987.0 
origins of the summer 2002 continental us drought m fennessy p dirmeyer l marx c schlosser   
java databse connectivity c sliwa computerworld  
the x-ray 80 system computer science center university of maryland college park jm stewart fa kundell jc baldwin md  
t/ow to assemble tree machines sn bhatt ce lciserson  1984.0 
the lumi-graph siggraphâ ?? 96 sj gortler r grzeszczuk r szeliski mf cohen proceedings of the 23rd annual conference on computer & hellip ;  
what happens with increased enforcement of the child support obligations of poor men ? a groundlevel f doolittle s lynn  1996.0 
biodegradacja substancji tluszczowych z gruntow-izolowanie mikroorganizmow biodegradujacych t farbiszewska j farbiszewska-bajer t sudol fizykochemiczne problemy mineralurgii 1995.0 
sustainable development of urban areas . lessons from the smallest city t dentinho jga meneses   
assessing social support : the social support questionnaire ig sarason hm levine rb basham br sarason journal of personality and social psychology 1983.0 
washington dc : national science foundation . 1998 w monograph   
the geometry of graphs and some of its algorithmic applications n linial e london y rabinovich combinatorica 1995.0 
on optimal cooperation of knowledge sources-an empirical investigation m benda v jagannathan r dodhiawala boeing computing services seattle washington  
africa betrayed g ayittey   
an analysis of sample attrition in panel data : the michigan panel study of income dynamics j fitzgerald p gottschalk r moffitt the journal of human resources 1998.0 
ranking interesting subspaces for clustering high dimensional data k kailing hp kriegel p kroger s wanka   
contribution to the theory and implementation of a magnetic cooling cycle with new thermal switches h quack & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1974.0 
fast rates for regularized least-squares algorithm a caponnetto e de vito   
concepts and effectiveness of the cover-coefficient-based clustering methodology for text databases f can ea ozkarahan acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
comparison of cognitive-behavioral therapy and clonazepam for treating periodic limb movement jd edinger ai fins rj sullivan gr marsh ds sleep-new york - 1996.0 
self-similarity in world wide web m crovella a bestravos evidence and possible causes . ieee/acm trans . on networking  
production ofâ?â ? mesons in theâ ? qâ?â?â ? ( â?â ? hdgf drh f balestraâ ? ¦ reaction  
ecg segmentation using time-warping h vullings mhg verhaegen hb verbruggen lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
study of ieee 802.1 p garp/gmrp timer values f tobagi p molinero-fernandez m karam   
conformal field theory p di francesco p mathieu  1996.0 
specific surface charge density of nonspherical particle and charge decrease by partial self - f isahaya proc . int . conf . modern  
a study of exception handling and its dynamic optimization in java t ogasawara h komatsu t nakatani   
how do i judge my outcome when i do not know the outcome of others ? the psychology of the fair k van den bos ea lind r vermunt ham wilke journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
understanding self-regulated learning pr pintrich new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
the nuclear shell model klg heyde  1990.0 
explicit formulation of delays in cmos vlsi d auvergne d deschacht m robert electronic  
allogeneic vascularized transplantation of human femoral diaphyses and total knee joints-first go hofmann mh kirschner fd wagner l brauns o transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
empirical assessment of visceral selfperception : individual and sex differences in the acquisition es katkin j blascovich s goldband journal of personality and social psychology 1981.0 
concurrent programming : the java programming language sj hartley  1998.0 
preventing the misuse of evaluation . cj stevens m dialâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation 1994.0 
microsoft visual interdev k spencer e vincentâ ? ¦  1998.0 
random testing revisited . ps loo wk tsai information and software technology 1988.0 
farmersâ ?? perceptions of insect pests and control strategies their relevance to ipm in pearl millet o youm j baidu-forson see ref  
equation for loop bound in quantitative feedback theory cw chen   
analysis of coloured filter controllers for bank-to-turn clos guidance gw irwin meerj fleming   
enabling a scalable service-oriented architecture with semantic web services a duke j davies m richardson bt technology journal 2005.0 
a functional model of the tv programmes production system a deliysky v radeva electrotechnika i elektronika  
heuristic development eases strains d leavitt   
the measurement and use of registered reflectance and range data in scene analysis d nitzan ae brain ro duda ieee proceedings 1977.0 
evaluation of diagnostic peritoneal lavage in stable patients with gunshot wounds to the abdomen j kelemen r martin j obney journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
the lastpage package j goldberg   
improving tcp performance in integrated wireless communications networks k xu y tian n ansari computer networks 2005.0 
electronic markets : the roadmap for university libraries and their members to survive in the m christoffel s pulkowski b schmitt p lockemann sigmod record special  
descendants of nathaniel pistole gunn ( personal home page : 15 feb 1999 ) '' d martin   
effect of provenance sorting and weathering on the geochemistry of fluvial sands from different sb kroonenberg proc . 29th internat . geol . congr. kyoto japan part a  
choosingyour isp t pompili pc magazine  
an evolved vision-based behavioral model of coordinated group motion cw reynolds   
effectiveness of transient immunosuppression using cyclosporine for xenomyoblast transplantation for hk haider sj jiang l ye s aziz pk law ekw sim transplantation proceedings 2004.0 
wc mc quarrie proc . roy soc 114 15 ( 1927 ) ; jc mc lennan ih mc leod and r. ruedy jc mclennan jh mcleod phil . mag  
secure reliable transacted web services : architecture and composition df ferguson t storey b lovering j shewchuk   
expressive power and complexity of disjunctive datalog t eiter g gottlob h mannila proceedings of workshop on logic programming with incomplete & hellip ;  
schnurri interacts with mad in a dpp-dependent manner y udagawa j hanai k tada nc grieder m momoeda genes to cells 2000.0 
a methodology for enterprise performance management . 1997 decision sciences institute proceedings a presley l whitman d liles  1997.0 
moundville phase communities in the black warrior river valley alabama tk bozeman  1982.0 
epitaxial high t ( sub c ) superconducting thin films and superlattices deposited by laser albation ( j levoska t murtoniemi s leppavuori proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
multinationals export processing zones and development : the case of mauritius rv sannassee r pearce   
theglue-naildeductivedatabasesystem : design implementation and evaluation ma derr s morishita g phipps vldb journal  
fractional difference quotients along vector fields and applications to second order a domokos submitted for  
query optimization for olap-xml federations d pedersen k riis tb pedersen   
corporate risk financing : the emergence of a new market w hersberger  1998.0 
captopril and phaeochromocytoma a israeli n gottehrer d gavish rn melmed lancet i 1985.0 
good a graph-oriented database system m gemis j paredaens i thyssens jv bussche proceedings of sigmod sigmod  
good distance teaching : quality distance teaching = structured design + dialogue + communication ` in m parer  1994.0 
neuronal operations in the visual cortex ga orban  1984.0 
andâ ?? â ?? 1993 : structure of a tropical convective system and associated vortex : a tamex case study bjd jou ck yu proc . 26th int . radar  
sic power-switching devicesâ ?? the second electronics revolution ? ja cooperjr a agarwal proceedings of the ieee 2002.0 
finite dimensional algebras ya drozd vv kirichenko  1994.0 
shortliffe e. and fallat r. ( 1982 ) . pu : an expert system for interpretation of pulmonary function j aikins j kunz technical report stanford  
electronic applications for the calculation of static and dynamic elements of forest stands of beach l apatsidis h sifakis & hellip ; research institute of athens publishers athens greece ( in & hellip ;  
a semantic based redesigning of distributed workflows v atluri wk huang e bertino 9th international conference on management of data  
hygienic quality of source separated urine based on the analysis of faecal indicator bacteria ta stenstrã ¶ m a sundin h jã ¶ nsson   
polynucleotidyl transfer reactions in site-specific dna recombination k mizuuchi genes to cells 1997.0 
custom solutions for complex networks gm whalley dj newson k linsell mj palmer bt technology journal 2000.0 
an improved automatic lipreading system to enhance speech recognition ed petajan b bischoff d bodoff nm brooke   
improving transport layer performance by using a novel medium access control protocol in wireless y kwon y fang h latchman proc . of acm  
enrollment management and its context . d hossler f kemerer new directions for higher education 1986.0 
the use of the heimlich maneuver in near drowning : institute of medicine report mw platt jc mclaughlin gj gilson mf wellhoner journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
instructional technology and the faculty member mj albright dl graf new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
how re assemble tree mac & / net sn bhatt cje leiserson  1984.0 
dlv : a disjunctive datalog system n leoneâ ? ¦   
developing geographic literacy : an annotated list of children 's literature . pull-out feature ii . lk rogers k bromley social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
query processing in main memory database management systems mj carey tj lehman proceedings of acm sigmod  
manganese deficiency induced by excessive liming in a latossolo vermelho-escuro cerrado soil kd ritchey gu filho cr spehar proceedings of the 2 '' d national soybean research seminar  
security in electronic messaging : things you should know s associates  1990.0 
modeling emulation analysis of data of wireless sensors q luo lm ni b he h wu wm xue proc . the vldb workshop on data management for sensor & hellip ;  
mix : a meta-data indexing system for xml sr cho n koudas d srivastava proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
a digital video-on-demand service supporting content-based queries tdc little g ahanger rj folz jf gibbon fw proc . acm multimedia  
manipulation of the laminarialean life-cycle and its consequences for kombu mariculture ld druehl r boal proc . int . seaweed symp . xth  
distributed processing over stand-alone systems and applications g alonso c hagen hj schek m tresch vldb 1997.0 
industrial organization js bain  1968.0 
subdierentials of distance functions approximations and enlargements . jp penot r ratsimahalo   
using credit scoring to improve the quality of consumer receivables : legal and statistical gg chandler jy coffman & hellip ; management association meetings seattle washington  
extend algebra and caculus for nested relational databases [ j ] ma roth hf korth a silbersehatz acm tods  
determining the dynamic range of logarithmic amplifier b bardsley electronic  
low dose botulinum toxin a is effective in focal hyperhidrosis op kreyden r schaffner g burg   
memory-contention responsive hash joins dl davison g graefe proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
a critical period effect in the acquisition of a primary language el newport t supalla unpublished manuscript  
role of apoptosis in the progression of glomerulosclerosis h makino n kashihara h sugiyama t sekikawa z contributions to nephrology 1996.0 
document allocation in multiprocessor information retrieval systems ht siegelmann o frieder lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
electronic reader sorts mail ai tersoff electronic industries  
the distributed information search component ( disco ) and the world wide web h naacke o kapitskaia proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of data 1997.0 
road safety j frantzeskakis j golias  1994.0 
digital pattern recognition by moments fl alt journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1962.0 
personal virtual humansâ ?? inhabiting the talkzone and beyond d ballin m lawson ma lumkin j osborne bt technology journal 2002.0 
potential impedance and rectification in membranes de goldman   
umformtechnik k grã ¶ ning   
hulls of tame cantor sets m lawrence unpublished  
encouraging work reducing poverty g berlin   
a longitudinal test of the investment model : the development ( and deterioration ) of satisfaction and ce rusbult journal of personality and social psychology  
did homer sing at lefkandi bb powell electronic antiquity  
second quantization and atomic spectroscopy johns hopkins university press baltimore br judd md  
first and second generation greeks in chicago ga kouvetaris  1971.0 
california bill would put cap on year 2000 damages t hoffman computerworld  
the impacts of supported work on youth . ra maynard the national supported work demonstration madison  
residential workshops g bersch j fleming new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
the continued saga of db-ir integration r baeza-yates m consens   
restricted versus liberal water intake for preventing morbidity and mortality in preterm infants ef bell mj acarregui cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
wildlife habitat te martin ge canterbury dr petit lj petit & hellip ; loblolly/shortleaf pine demonstration interim report . epa / & hellip ;  
emergency department time for evaluation of patients discharged with a diagnosis of renal colic : em rekant cl gibert fl counselman journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
uitgebracht ) juli 1991 a inzake de technische universiteiten   
an algorithm for linearly constrained adaptive processing ol frost proceedings of the ieee  
agent-based semantic interoperability in infosleuth sigmod record 28 : 1 j fowler b perry m nodine b bargmeyer  1999.0 
the acquisition of pronominal reference by greek-dutch bilingual children : evidence for early s varlokosta j dullaart bucld 25 proceedings  
associate professor of french z petropoulou ba university of athens  
directional gossip : gossip in a wide area network mj lin k marzullo lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
gaining support from external constituencies through strengthened public service jb noftsingerâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1996.0 
16th ieee pv spec y kuwano m ohnishi h nishiwaki s tsuda t conference san diego  
on james bernoulli 's theorem in probability l rayleigh phil . mag  
integrating geographic information systems and agent-based modeling techniques for simulating social hr gimblett  2002.0 
fuzzy control systems a kandel g langholz  1993.0 
wireless beyond 3g : managing services and network resources p demestichas l papadopoulou v stavroulaki m   
version ten mathlab group mr manual mit laboratory for computer science ( january  
indexing on air t imieliå?ski s viswanathan br badrinath proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
fast and accurate text classification via multiple linear discriminant projections s chakrabarti s roy mv soundalgekar the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
business process execution language for web services ( bpel4ws 1.0 ) f curbera y goland j klein   
the use of nutrient reserves by breeding waterfowl cd ankney rt alisauskas proc . int . ornithol . congr  
mitogen-activated protein kinase p38 defines the common senescence-signalling pathway h iwasa j han f ishikawa genes to cells 2003.0 
population dynamics species interactions and non-equilibrium coexistence within rodent communities ar blaustein  1978.0 
minimizing maximum response time in scheduling broadcasts y bartal s muthukrishnan proc annu acm siam symp discrete algorithms 2000.0 
reasoning about qualitative spatial relationships ap sistla c yu journal of automated reasoning 2000.0 
andu . deppisch '' architecture andimple mentation of the darmstadt database kernel system hb paul hj schek mh scholl g weikum international conference on management of data sigmod . & hellip ;  
extracting schema from semistructured data s nestorov sigmod conference 1998.0 
video adaptation : concepts technologies and open issues sf chang a vetro proceedings of the ieee 2005.0 
effects of tobacco smoking on the hoffmann reflex c kadoya s matsuoka ef domino neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
a new tool for files and tables implementation '' w litwin lv hashing proc . 6th int . vldb conf. montreal  
on a universal tendency in nature to the dissipation of mechanical energy w thomson phil . mag  
solving the load flow problem using grobner basis a montes j castro acm sigsam bulletin 1995.0 
bid . 1078 700 9 s shaik   
s. shenker and l. zhang.â ?? macaw a media access protocol for wiiless lanâ ?? s : â ?? in v bharghavan a demers proc . acm  
cardio spasm br cohen m guelrud achalasia : demonstration of supersensitivity of the lower & hellip ;  
mediator languagesâ ?? a proposal for a standard : report of an i 3/pob working group held at the p buneman l raschid j ullman acm sigmod record 1997.0 
investigation of polymeric space-charge and optically-nonlinear dipole electrets g yang  1996.0 
molecular electronics with carbon nanotubes a phaedon acc . chem . res  
integrated communication system performance d maiwald hr muller hr rudin c west iccc seattle  
higher education communication and information systems policy dl eisler new directions for higher education 2001.0 
tacit knowledge as a promoter of success in technology firms ku koskinen   
crystal engineering through particle size and shape monitoring modeling and control db patience  2002.0 
the atm forum 's private network/network interface jm scott ig jones bt technology journal 1998.0 
biosciences industry economic studyâ ?? is now being done on an annual basis a healthcare   
polymorphic dna markers in prenatal diagnosis of fragile x syndrome jl mandel mg mattei jf mattei lancet i 1985.0 
part three : where should leaders in adult and continuing education come from ? . p jarvis ws griffith new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
demonstration of the context interchange mediator prototype s bressan ch goh k fynn m jakobisiak k hussein   
a ptas for the multiple knapsack problem c chekuri s khanna   
loose synchronization of event-triggered networks for distribution of synchronous programs j romberg a bauer proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
n : threshold circuits of bounded depth ah hmpst w maass p pudlak m szegedy g tur proc . 28th ieee focs  
a singular perturbation approachto modelingandcontrolof manipulatorsconstrainedbyasti environment '' nh mcclamroch proc . of the 28th conference on decision and control  
transparent fuzzy systems : modeling and control a riid   
remote virtual disk protocol specifications m greenwald  1984.0 
on the measurement of synoptic-scale vertical velocities by st/mst radars gd nastrom ks gage conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
the quantum vacuum pw milony academic san diego  
the next 10,000 years : part 1 t lewis ieee computer  
r. pound g cox sj ( 2003 ) towards the semantic grid : putting knowledge to work in design f tao l chen n shadbolt 3rd international conference of knowledge  
test specification in ttcn using interactive editor s eswara b sarikaya information and software technology 1990.0 
power optimization of system-level address buses based on software profiling w fornaciari m polentarutti d sciuto c silvano   
guest editor 's introduction : information customization j mostafa intelligent systems ieee [ see also ieee expert ] 2002.0 
a computer architecture for large ( distributed ) data bases r peebles eg manning vldb  
cancer statistics review 1973â ?? 1988 . nih publication no. 91-2789 national cancer institute l ries b hankey b miller a hartman b edwards md  
relative contributions of insulin deficiency and insulin resistance in maturity-onset diabetes rc turner j peto lancet i 1982.0 
essentials of error-control coding techniques h imai   
sources of stress for emergency nurses in four urban canadian emergency departments mp hawley  1992.0 
differential analysis on complex manifolds ro wells  1991.0 
chorochronos : a research network for spatiotemporal database systems . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
appendix b : call for papers and content guidelines for authors tj bergin rg gibson history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
rl b rownell jr. and gk silber . 1998 . recovery plan for the blue whale ( balaenoptera musculus ) . rr reeves pj clapham   
fewer asps more services m schwartz computerworld  
partial purification and characterization of a protease from human plasma cleaving von willebrand m furlan r robles   
comparison of hospital costs with medicare cost to charge conversions versus a detailed hospital j lipscomb t cowper db mark san diego  
sustained helping without obligation : motivation longevity of service and perceived attitude am omoto m snyder journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
58 60 67 68 69-71 91 156 231 233 235 245 life magazine 197 light dr. fw 139 limousine : w liebeler   
fibre to the homeâ ?? infrastructure deployment issues aj mayhew sj page am walker si fisher bt technology journal 2002.0 
the net changes everything mj miller pc magazine  
meshreduction tools sep 1996 r klein j kramer g liebich demonstration at the conference visualization in biomedical  
towards model-based design support for distributed user interfaces . 2004 c vandervelpen k coninx at nordichi  
brave new apps : the application servers rv dragan pc magazine sept  
visual information seeking : tight coupling of dynamic query filters with f : a ; $ 17 displays c ahlberg b shneiderman proc . acm sigchi â ?? 94  
role of maternal immunoglobulins blocking tsh-induced thyroid growth in sporadic forms of congenital rd van der gaag jh dussault lancet i 1985.0 
foreword d lemke highlights of astronomy 1998.0 
critical chain project management improves project performance lp leach project management journal 1999.0 
synthesizing third normal form relations from functional dependencies pa bernstein acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
implementation plan for the environmental monitoring and assessment program sc schimmel & hellip ; coastal demonstration project . narragansett contribution no  
intelligent selection of instances for prediction functions in lazy learning algorithms j zhang ys yim j yang artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
meiotic behaviours of chromosomes and microtubules in budding yeast : relocalization of centromeres a hayashi h ogawa k kohno sm gasser y hiraoka genes to cells 1998.0 
scheduling policy for an ondemand video server with batching a dan d sitaram p shahabuddin proc . acm  
taurine as a neuromodulator k kuriyama fed proc 1980.0 
the boundary layer in three dimensional flow . part ii . the flow near a stagnation point l howarth phil . mag  
the right idea at the right time : development of a transformational assessment culture j magruder ma mcmanis cc young new directions for higher education 1997.0 
the whips prototype for data warehouse creation and maintenance j wiener h gupta w labio y zhuge h garcia - proceedings of the international conference on data & hellip ; 1997.0 
emotional reactivity in mice may not be inherited but induced by parents f calatayud s coubard c belzung submitted for publication  
distributed component object model protocol-dcom/1 .0 january 1998 n brown c kindel   
an architectural description of intelligent network features and their interactions kj turner computer networks 1998.0 
chaotic evolution of some coastal plain soils jd phillips physical geography  
collision-free accumulators and fail-stop signature schemes without trees n baric b pfitzmann lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
active visual basic 5.0 g eddon h eddon microsoft programming series 1997.0 
esteem protection or enhancement ? self-handicapping motives and attributions differ by trait self - dm tice journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
interventions for dysphagia in acute stroke pm bath fj bath dg smithard cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
understanding the effects of developer activities on inspection interval dm mancl aa porter hp siy lg votta jr proc int conf software eng 1997.0 
paris metro pricing a odlyzko proc . 1999 acm conf . electronic  
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension vl ldegpwww p dadam r erbe j guenauer p pistor proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
simple learning algorithms for training support vector machines c campbell n cristianini unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
the arpa network design decisions jmmqdc walden computer  
finite state infinite games r mcnaughton technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
mining association rules between sets of items in 5 a recent industry survey found that on average r agrawal t imielinski a swami proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
mining generalized association rules and sequential patterns using sql queries s thomas s sarawagi   
measurement of cell proliferation in gastric carcinoma : comparative analysis of ki-67 and jc rosa r mendes mi filipe rw morris the histochemical journal 1992.0 
data-drivenunderstandingand refinementof schema mappings ll yan rj miller lm haas r fagin proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
responding to resolved and unresolved interadult conflict : gender differences in emotional m el-sheikh unpublished manuscript  
fusion queries over internet databases s abiteboul h garcia-molina y papakonstantinou   
recursion vs. replication in simple cryptographic protocols h huttel j srba submitted for publication 2004.0 
severity assessment of erp-organization misalignment : honing in on ontological structure and context sk sia c soh proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;  
remote afterloading technology report of the aapm radiation therapy committee task group no. 41 gp glasgow jd bourland pw grigsby ja meli ka md  
interactive multimedia pedagogies : report of the working group on interactive multimedia pedagogy es adams l carswell a kumar j meyer a ellis p acm sigcue outlook 1996.0 
hardware organization for nonnumeric processing s pramanik vldb 1981.0 
vocabulary of sociatry a thiel   
elementary number theory . e landau   
the performance of concurrency control algorithms for dbms & proc . 10th intl mj carey m stonebmker conf . on very large data bases singapore august  
financing liberal education in america : public and private responsibilities . sr baum new directions for higher education 1994.0 
efficient transparent application recovery in client-server information systems d lomet g weikum sigmod conference 1998.0 
fast cross-validation for high-breakdown resampling algorithms for pca 2004 m hubert s engelen   
contrast-enhanced computed tomographic colonography in the follow-up of colorectal cancer patients : a laghi r iannaccone e bria i carbone l european radiology 2003.0 
presenting html structures in audio f james technical report stanford university  
two algorithms to construct matrix modifications keeping essentially unaltered sets of eigenvalues s noschese l pasquini   
research issues in moving objects databases ( tutorial session ) o wolfson proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2000.0 
approximating switched continuous systems by rectangular automata o stursberg s kowalewski   
plasma fluphenazine concentrations after injection of long-acting esters sh curry r whelpton pj de schepper aa schiff lancet i 1978.0 
distributed linear hashing and parallel projection in main memory databases c severance s pramanik p wolberg vldb 1990.0 
the future engineering of software : a management perspective vr basili   
interventions in the management of serum lipids for preventing stroke recurrence b manktelow c gillies jf potter cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
supporting incremental join queries on ranked inputs anyc chang jr smith csljs vitter   
spontaneous pneumomediastinum sl bratton pp o'rourke journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
fascicles for semantic compression and pattern extraction j madar msc . thesis department of computer science university of  
identifying effects of income on childrenâ ?? s development : integrating an instrumental variables p morris l gennetian new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
rule-based view of query optimization procs f freytag a jc acm sigmod ( san francisco may  
real-time stereo vision for urban traffic scene understanding u franke a joos   
criteria for rating the intensity of overexcitabilities rf fak mm piechowski s lind unpublished manuscript  
for acquisitions and conservation purchase purchase and repair conservation of of books of pictures maga fund balance at  
concentration contours in grain boundary diffusion rtp whipple phil . mag  
hm da keim and h.-p . kriegel â ?? a cost model for nearest neighbor search â ?? s berchtold c bo proc . 16th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . on principles of  
problem-based learning in business education : curriculum design and implementation issues je stinson rg milter new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
managing the search for new product concepts : a strategic approach nw mcguinness ha conway r & d management  
simultaneous measurements of pressure and velocity oscillations during spurt flow of a high-density a merten m schwets h mã 1/4 nstedt procs 6th european conf rheol erlangen  
the greenhouse effect ( abstract only ) e holopainen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
method-ism in practice : investigating the relationship between method and understanding in web page ea whitley   
evolving topologies of artificial neural networks adapted to image processing tasks ha mayer r huber   
biologic and geologic characteristics of cold seeps in monterey bay california jp barry hg greene dl orange ch baxter bh   
ch . perlot j. rigaudy and r. schmidt jm aubry acc . chem . res  
sensing and acting in the independent choice logic d poole   
a graph-oriented object model for database end-user interfaces m gyssens j paredaens   
technical article : ado performance best practice b vaughn  2001.0 
deploying realistic estimation ( field situation analysis ) b londeix information and software technology  
using linked micromap plots to characterize omernik ecoregions db carr ar olsen sm pierson jyp courbois data mining and knowledge discovery 2000.0 
stages of faculty development . n ralph new directions for higher education 1973.0 
active xml : peer-to-peer data and web services integration ( demo ) s abiteboul o benjelloun i manolescu t milo r proc . of vldb 2002.0 
evaluation and the federal decision maker . gl barkdoll jb bellâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation 1989.0 
designing and administering a wage-paying community service employment program under tanf : some ke sherwood  1999.0 
potential for wheat production inalaska . in : fj wooding proc . 28th alaska science conf  
query by image and video content : the qbic system m flickner h sawhneyâ ? ¦   
analyzing and reducing the communication gap . hk jacobson new directions for higher education 1979.0 
automatic measurement of quality metrics for colonoscopy videos s hwang jh oh jk lee y cao w tavanapong d liu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
the impact of freshman year academic success on student persistence and bachelorâ ?? s degree b xiao & hellip ; for institutional research annual forum seattle washington  
automatic analysis of call-center conversations g mishne d carmel r hoory a roytman a soffer proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
into the demon universe : a literary exploration of oscar wilde . . cs nassaar  1972.0 
how to stand in a storm . ba asbury new directions for higher education 1973.0 
id 90 reference manual . computation structures group memo 284-1 rs nikhil  1990.0 
lagrangian support vector machines ol mangasarian dr musicant journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
the independent factor analysis approach to latent variable modeling a montanari c viroli  2004.0 
phenobarbitone versus phenytoin monotherapy for partial onset seizures and generalized onset tonic - s taylor s tudur pr williamson ag marson cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
low speed aerodynamic characteristics of a 13 thick airfoil section designed for rj mcghee md  
the experience and meta-experience of mood jd mayer yn gaschke journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
the infrared spectra of carrageenans extracted from various algae s peats proc . int . seaweed symp  
oberlander. j. ( 2003 ) . understanding interactive graphical communication n fay s garrod j lee proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the cognitive  
phenomenological implications of low energy supersymmetry breaking s dimopoulos m dine s raby s thomas jd wells md 1996.0 
windows 3.1 memory enhancement utilities m pietrek l seltzer pc  
partnerships with k-12 education r druckman lm peterson ms thrasher new directions for higher education 2002.0 
sequences of proteins of immunological interest . us department of health and human services ea kabat tt wu hm perry ks gottesman c foeller md  
some new local and descending auditory neurons in the prothoracic ganglion of crickets and a stumpner proceedings of the 23rd gã ¶ ttingen neurobiology conference . & hellip ;  
applying an update method to a set of receivers u antwerp   
nonlocal quasilinear parabolic problems m siegwart doctoral dissertation universitat zurich switzerland  
policy issues that drive the transformation of adult literacy e hayes new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
the united states pharmacopoeia convention inc. rockville us pharmacopoeia md  
the swat team . 1996 j watanabe proc . 29th isas lunar and planetary symposium ( tokyo ;  
oxygen-derived radicals : a link between reperfusion injury and inflammation jm mccord fed proc 1987.0 
a note on irrigation in ceylon ek cook geography  
introduction to non-linear laser spectroscopy academic md levenson san diego calif  
establishing management objectives rl nolan acm sigmod record 1981.0 
more visas ? a good move for is h miller computerworld  
lateral variations of clay mineral assemblages in modern and ancient sediments we parham proc . int . clay conf  
ovulation suppression for endometriosis e hughes d fedorkow j collins p vandekerckhove cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
special issue on molecular computing m conrad ieee computer  
federalist disciplines or local capture ? an empirical analysis of decentralization in uganda o azfar j livingston  2002.0 
a scalable architecture for autonomous heterogeneous database interactions s milliner a bouguettaya mp papazoglou proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ; 1995.0 
random sampling from hash les f olken d rotem p xu proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference  
srikant â ?? fastalgorithmsforminingassociationrules â ?? inint r agrawalandr conf . vldb santiago chile sept  
environment and quality of life : social representations of the term â ?? â ?? environment.â ?? â ?? k koskinas s papastamou s mantoglou g athens greece : greek letters ( in greek )  
freemau & co. 1982 d marr wh vision   
harnessing a hurricane : social studies in action . kl floyd social studies and the young learner 1991.0 
der kiefernschneebruch 1968 und 1975 im pfã $ lzerwald a lessel-dummel  1981.0 
encoding decoding and storing melodies for a data base of renaissance polyphony : a progress report hb lincoln vldb  
from sequences to shapes and back : a case study in rna secondary structures p schuster w fontana pf stadler il hofacker proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
prosocial development in early adulthood : a longitudinal study n eisenberg ik guthrie a cumberland bc murphy journal of personality and social psychology 2002.0 
new approaches to the education of older adults ma wolf new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
taming text d robb computerworld  
farewell address 17 september 1796 g washington microsoft bookshelf  
out-of-core tensor approximation of multi-dimensional matrices of visual data h wang q wu l shi y yu n ahuja proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
jm hellerstein and da patterson . high-performance sorting on networks of workstations ac axpaci-dusseau rh arpaci-dussenu de culler & hellip ; 1997acm sigmod httcrnationul conference on mumqemen f & hellip ;  
how to survive when demand exceeds supply : implementing a problem tracking system t murray l brigman proceedings of the 23rd annual acm siguccs conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
generalised predictive control with end-point state weighting h demircioglu dw clarke & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1993.0 
automatic resource compilation by analysing hyperlink structure and associated text p raghavan ibm almaden research center  
modularity and efficiency in protocol implementation . request for comments 817 dd clark  1982.0 
a star-shaped ring network with high maintainability jh saltzer kt pogran computer networks 1980.0 
scalable hversus ip routing lookups m waldvogel g varghese j turner b plattner proc . acm  
transforming the â ?? weakest linkâ ?? â ?? a human/computer interaction approach to usable and effective ma sasse s brostoff d weirich bt technology journal 2001.0 
random polynomial time algorithms for sampling from joint distributions d applegate r kannan ng polson submitted for publication  
design considerations for the apache server api . r thau www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
visionary : a next generation visualization system for databases m stonebraker   
the active database management system manifesto : a rulebase of adbms features a consorcium sigmod record  
itâ ?? s time toimplement embedded networking and internetworking o pfeiffer jr rodrigues electronic design 2002.0 
orthotic devices for the treatment of tennis elbow pa struijs n smidt h arola c van dijk r cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
expression and the nature of emotion p ekman approaches to emotion 1984.0 
an improved method for the indexing of software s lambert y saintigny f delacote f amiot b information and software technology 1999.0 
local buckling in profiled thermoplastic pipes . as dhar id moore proc. 28th annual conf . of the canadian society for civil & hellip ;  
transaction management issues in a failure-prone multidatabase system environment y breitbart a silberschatz gr thompson the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
query optimizationby predicatemove-around ay levy is mumick y sagiv proc . 20th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
two mechanisms in the action of repressor ef1 : binding site competition with an activator and r sekido k murai y kamachi h kondoh genes to cells 1997.0 
a theory of work-hardening of metal crystals nf mott phil . mag  
training neural nets for small word width l spaanenburgâ ? ¦   
- adi : an unconditionally stable full-wave maxwell 's equations solver for vlsi interconnect modeling - group of 3 & raquo ; ccp chen tw lee n murugesan sc hagness proceedings of the 2000 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
in search of standards jb baron rm baron new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
microstructured optical fibers : why use polymers m large a argyros g barton i bassett f cox m   
muromskii et al. â ?? decontamination of the coolant in the holding ponds of nuclear plants by lm sharygin ve moiseev a yu at .  
adoption and focus : practical linear types for imperative programming r deline m fahndrich proceedings of acm sigplan conference on programming & hellip ; 2002.0 
mocha : a model checking tool that exploits design structure l de alfaro r alur r grosu t henzinger m kang icse 01 : proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;  
college faculty as educational researchers : discipline-focused studies of student motivation and sa karabenick j collins-eaglin new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
preface to the special issue on spatial database systems rh gã 1/4 ting the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
response to computers complexity and controversy d patterson jl hennessy ieee computer  
mems component extraction b baidya sk gupta t mukherjee   
water supply and environmental health y muslu istanbul technical university istanbul  
ruptured hemidiaphragm : unusual late presentation ew cameron se mirvis journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
the dynabook : past present and future a kay a goldberg acm press history series 1988.0 
andstanley zdonik . scramblingquery planstocope withunexpected delays s acharya m franklin proceedings of the 1997 acm-sigmod  
probabilist visual learning for object representation b moghaddam a pentland  1995.0 
l. hammond rp and c s ridgway kb lee â ?? experimental demonstration of the feasibility of & hellip ;  
1940 ( posted at www . rootsweb . com/kyletche ) '' lc births  1931.0 
in b-to-b marketplace reality bites : firms wait on xml increase use of edi c sliwa computerworld  
the relative clause in biblical hebrew : a linguistic analysis rd holmstedt  2002.0 
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for categorical attributes s guha r rostogi k shim proc . of 1998 acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
common sense on the go : giving mobile applications an understanding of everyday life h lieberman a faaborg j espinosa t stocky bt technology  
computational geometry by example m de berg m van kreveld m overmars o unpublished manuscript  
footstrike patterns during running over obstacles of different heights sd scholten n stergiou j houser d blanke proceedings of the 23rd meeting of the american society of & hellip ;  
the importance of long-range dependence of vbr video trac in atm trac engineering : myths and bk ryu a elwalid   
different regimes in the ehrlich-schwoebel instability p politi j. phys . i france 1997.0 
a declarative similarity framework for knowledge intensive cbr b dä ± az-agudo pa gonzalez-calero   
environmental equity in urban texas : race income and patterns of acute and chronic toxic air jp tiefenbacher urban geography 1999.0 
mixed integer programming methods for computing nonmonotonic deductive databases c bell a nerode rt ng vs subrahmanian journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1994.0 
the xyleme project s abiteboul s cluet g ferran mc rousset computer networks 2002.0 
the terasys massively parallel processor-in-memory array m gokhale b holmes k iobst ieee computer  
a 3 2-approximation algorithm for independent scheduling malleable tasks g mounie c rapine d trystram submitted for publication  
conflict in south african cities dm smith geography  
self-employment for welfare recipients : implementation of the seid program gc doolittle bl fink new york : manpower research demonstration corporation  
'' according to abramowitz and stegun '' or arccoth need n't be uncouth rm corless   
munsell soil color charts . munsell color 2441 north calvert street baltimore m color md  
john hawkes : an interview jj enck j hawkes wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
the berkom mmc service r herrtwichâ ? ¦ proc . acm  
hard times and hurtful partners : how financial strain affects depression and relationship ad vinokur rh price rd caplan journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
distance education : agricultural student achievement mk swan proceedings of the 25 thnational agricultural education & hellip ;  
despite hoopla poetry remains a hard sell . j webb san  
exact and approximate phrase matching in xml s amer-yahia m fernandez d srivastava yx pix acm [ acm03a ]  
effects of ryanodine in skinned cardiac cells a fabiato fed proc 1985.0 
a distributed database for biomolecular images ak singh bs manjunath rf murphy sigmod record 2004.0 
detecting security vulnerabilities in java applications with static analysis vb livshits ms lam technical report . stanford university . http://suif . stanford .  
experimental studies of deposition by debris flows : process characteristics of deposits and jj major seattle university of washington  
a new role for deans in computing . gr kissler new directions for higher education 1988.0 
morgan kaufmann publishers ca diego   
characterization and chromaticity of q-trees ã?n egecioglu lp shen  1986.0 
cephalic version by postural management for breech presentation gj hofmeyr r kulier cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
optimization of dynamic query execution plans r cole g graefe proc . of the acm sigmod int .  
hardware emulation draws speed from innovative 3d parallel processing based on custom ics l maliniak electronic design  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?concurrency control in a groupware systemã cents â ? ¬ â ? c ellis s gibbs proc . acm  
theory and performance of narrow correlator spacing in a gps receiverâ '' proceedings of ion national aj van dierendonck p fenton t ford san diego january  
model checking for logistic regression : a conditional approach ej bedrick jr hill computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
a homogeneous network for data-sharing communications eg manning r peebles computer networks  
turmoil at nasa and numerous funding announcements x qian sigmod record 1995.0 
thinking outside the box ce howard electronic publishing  
a spatial model of effectiveness criteria : towards a competing values approach to organizational re quinn j rohrbaugh management science 1983.0 
defining collaborative partnerships im saltiel new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
development of a piezoelectrically-controlled hydraulic actuator for a camless engine . part 1 : js brader dn rocheleau proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2004.0 
effective view naviation gw furnas proc of acm chi97  
issues in emerging 4 g wireless networks u varshney r jain   
analysis of distributed db processing strategies r epstein m stonebraker 6th vldb conf. montreal que canada  
performance tests of erne hed sensor [ abstract only ] e valtonen j peltonen t eronen jj torsti m in oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of & hellip ; 1991.0 
cache consfstency and concurrency control fn a client/server dbms archf fecture y wang l rowe proc . acm-sigmod lntematlonaf conference on management of & hellip ;  
stochastic processes on polish spaces j homann-jrgensen unpublished manuscript  
the autha protocol for password-based authenticated key exchange m bellare p rogaway   
on vulnerability and protection of ad hoc on-demand distance vector protocol w wang y lu bk bhargava   
forced oscillations in a circuit with non-linear resistance b van der pol phil . mag  
post-harvest development of granulation in south african export oranges i gilfillan j stevenson proc . int . soc . citriculture  
materialy 28 nauchno-tekhnicheskoi konf pm kruglyakov aa tyurin proc . 28th scientific and technical conf . ) penza : penza  
verifying continuous-time markov chains a aziz k sanwal v singhal rk brayton lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
krishnamurthy â ?? optimizing existential datalog queries â ?? r ramakrishnan c beeri proc . 7th acm sigmodâ ?? sigact symp . on principles of & hellip ;  
breast implants revisited : beyond science on trial rs dresser we wagner pc giannelli wisconsin law review 1997.0 
free energy surfaces from single-molecule force spectroscopy . g hummer a szabo acc . chem . res 2005.0 
copy detection systems for digital documents rd smith  1999.0 
asymptotic probabilities of overestimating and underestimating the order of a model in general d haughton c keribin  2001.0 
methods of studying root systems w bã ¶ hm  1979.0 
the use of modular organizational forms : an industry-level analysis ma schilling hk steensma academy of management journal 2001.0 
qos control for optimality and safety j combaz jc fernandez t lepley j sifakis proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
the antebellum south : fifth graders ' understanding of history dp cox social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
reconfiguring the leadership envelope : teaching and administration . jf donaldson new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
patterns mechanisms and consequences of recruitment in a temperate marine '' sh mh carr  1991.0 
j. davin '' snmp security protocols '' trusted information systems inc. hughes lan systems inc j galvin k mccloghrie mit laboratory for computer science rfc  
on semantic issues connected with incomplete information systems w lipski acm trans . database systems  
a back-extraction procedure for the dithiocarbamate solvent extraction method . rapid determination s sachsenberg t klenke we krumbein e zeeck analytical and bioanalytical chemistry 1992.0 
on preprocessing data for efficient classification h luâ ? ¦ proceedings of sigmod workshop on research issues on data & hellip ;  
strategische erfolgspotentiale durch corporate identityâ ?? aufbau und nutzung 1995 t glã ¶ ckler   
cellular heterogeneity in human transitional cell carcinoma : an anlysis of optical properties and gk ward ss stewart g dotsikas gb price wj the histochemical journal 1992.0 
on indexing moving objects g kollios d gunopulos vj tsotras proceedings of acm symp . on principles of database systems  
fast algorithems for association rules r agrawal r srikant proc . of 20th vldb conference  
a dot blot technique for the analysis of interactions of lectins with glycosaminoglycans u schumacher e thielke e adam the histochemical journal 1992.0 
food safety : a reference handbook . abc-clio ne redman inc. : santa barbara california  
an efficient and resilient approach to filtering and disseminating streaming data sssdk ramamritham   
multistrategy ensemble learning : reducing error by combining ensemble learning techniques z zheng ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
case study : mantle convection visualization on the cray t3d js painter hp bunge y livnat proceedings visualization &#39; 96 1996.0 
functional dependencies in logic programming ao mendelzon proceedings of international acm conference on very large & hellip ;  
alphasort : a cache-sensitive parallel external sort c nyberg t barclay z cvetanovic j gray d lomet the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
a survey of eucalyptus species in tasmania rc brett pap . proc  
a bayesian decision model for cost optimal record matching vs verykios gv moustakides mg elfeky the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
indefinite and maybe information in relational databases kclr sunderraman acm transactions on database systems  
jl ( 1995 ) the first foul flush in sewer systems sacg bertrand-krajewski proc . int . conf .  
sagas hg molina k salem proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
overlay routing vs multihoming : an end-to-end perspective a akella j pang b maggs s seshan a shaikh proc . acm sigcomm  
business-driven sense s atre computerworld  
fiber structure formation in high-speed melt spinning of sheath-core type bicomponent fibers t kikutani s arikawa a takaku n okui fiber 1995.0 
hypercup m schlosser m sintek s decker w nejdl april 2002 ) technical report stanford  
information rules harvard business school press c shapiro hr varian boston  
your crystal ball . rl mitchell computerworld  
some statistical-estimation methods for stochastic finite-state transducers d picã ³ f casacuberta machine learning 2001.0 
wrapping web data into xml h wei acm sigmod record  
reducing the braking distance of an sql query engine mj carey d kossmann vldb 1998.0 
revue des connaissances actuelles sur la sensibilite alâ ?? electricitc statique des substances r rat m roux jp chaumat proceedings of the joumees dâ ?? etudes sur la sensibilite des  
object and views s abiteboul a bonner proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
enforcing qos guarantees for adaptive multimedia applications via fair queueing f toutain procs . ifip high performance  
amazon . com 's privacy policies in spotlight again us uk probes urged l rosencrance computerworld  
the zoogeography and ecology of the terrestrial molluscs of cyclades m mylonas d. diss . university of athens athens greece  
a chlorination-atomic spectrometry method for the analysis of precious metal samples jc van loon ms szeto ww howson i levin at . spectrosc. 1984.0 
et alli . latent semantic indexing : a probabilistic analysis ch papadimitriou & hellip ; - sigart international conference on management of data and & hellip ;  
joseph m. hellersteirr potter 's wheel : an interactive data cleaning system v raman university of california at berkeley proceedings of the & hellip ;  
min-cost matchmaker problem in distributed publish/subscribe infrastructures z ge p ji j kurose d towsley   
tune in to the right cable stocks b coffey forbes  
environmental adult education : critique and creativity in a globalizing world de clover new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
an efficient structure for string databases t kahveci ak singh vldb rome september  
location sensing techniques j hightower g borriello   
managerial ties and firm performance in a transition economy : the nature of a micro-macro link mw peng y luo academy of management journal 2000.0 
zotepine for schizophrenia m fenton s morris p de-silva a bagnall sj cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
using artifacts as a springboard to literacy rv morris social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
verhalten von intra-und extrazellulã $ ren algenmetaboliten bei der trinkwasseraufbereitung g paul diploma dresden technical university  
the best of times the worst of times : feminism in the united states j brenner see threlfall  
the evolution of functionally novel proteins after gene duplication al hughes proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
relation between the elastic moduli and the plastic properties of polycrystalline pure metals sf pugh phil . mag  
space and time transformations in classical mechanics and in quantum mechanics a pelster a wunderlin k zeile   
p. & zeidner m. ( 2000 ) . ( eds . ) . handbook of self-regulation mp boekaerts san diego  
association of glial cells with the terminal parts of neurite bundles extending from chick spinal f grainger dw james cell and tissue research 1970.0 
playing the numbers game : how many it jobs are we giving to foreign workers ? nobdy really knows s watson computerworld  
biomaterials in drug delivery and tissue engineering r langer acc chem res  
the conversational classroom proceeding of the 34th technical symposium on computer science w waite m jackson a diwan  2003.0 
bone morphogenetic proteins v rosen k cox g hattersley principles of bone biology 1996.0 
cutoff for n-tuples of exponentially converging processes j barrera b lachaud b ycart  2005.0 
seamless mobility across ip networks using mobile ip . ma sanmateu f paint l morand s tessier p computer networks 2002.0 
high energy particles b rossi   
drive mixed signal chip development d clark d handhelds ieee computer  
publishers publishing and the internet : how journal publishing will survive and prosper in the je cox electronic library 1997.0 
effects of surface treatment and corrosion on the peel strength of an electrodeposited epoxy resin j schultz j. schultz and others procs . 13 th and 14 th confs . & hellip ; 1975.0 
microsoft sql server 2000 ( tm ) performance tuning technical reference [ z ] e whalen m garcia  2001.0 
a predicate-based caching scheme for client-server database architectures '' third intl am keller j basu conference on parallel and distributed information systems & hellip ;  
yu . v ivanov ae konyaev vf kositsyn em tsentner vt shebolev aa androsenko pa androsenko at . energ  
traits : composable units of behaviour n scharli s ducasse o nierstrasz ap black lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
version management of composite objects in cad databases r ahmed sb navathe   
research studies on the effectiveness of supplemental instruction in mathematics pa kenney jm kallisonâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
improving software quality and productivity dn card tl clark ra berg information and software technology 1987.0 
recombination between factor viii : c gene and st14 locus . mc driscoll ch miller jd goldberg lm aledort lancet i 1986.0 
formal semantics for time in databases . r source m zentralblatt acm trans . database syst 1983.0 
rationale for hospital waste utilization measures nv rusakov ov mironenko gigiena i sanitariia 2003.0 
hello world ! a guide for transmitting multilingual electronic mail s au proceedings of the 23rd annual acm siguccs conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
using a positivist case research methodology to test a theory about it-enabled business process s sarker as lee   
commutative algebra with a view toward algebraic geometry volume 150 of graduate texts in d eisenbud  1995.0 
bernstein and n. goodman.â ?? timestamp-bascd algorithms for concurrency control in distributed b pa proceedings of the 6th international conference on vldb & hellip ;  
querying multidimensional databases . acms anthology   
new directions for urban adult education lg martin ee rogers new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
a classical linear - calculus bb gm  1997.0 
perpendicular conductivity and self-consistent electric fields in tokamak edge plasma v rozhansky s voskoboynikov e kovaltsova d   
towards an eectivecalculusfor objectquery languages l fegaras d maier proc . of the acm sigmod int . conference on management of & hellip ;  
interventions to improve compliance with continuous positive airway pressure for obstructive sleep m haniffa tj lasserson i smith cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
vector maps of finite and periodic point sets d wrinch phil .  
the performance of multiprogrammed multiprocessing scheduling policies st leutenegger mk vernon proc . acm sigmetrics conf  
estado y vitivinicultura . las polãticas pãºblicas de la transiciã ³ n. mendoza â ?? am mateu unpublished  
a new approach for long term monitoring of deformations by differential sar interferometry s usai  2001.0 
ion mobility spectrometer to trace gas analysis ( abstract only ) t katto h tyrvainen k pietarinen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
foreword rc nicol bt technology journal 1999.0 
health effects of air pollution episodes hr anderson see ref  
an empirical study of attending and comprehending multimedia presentations p faraday a sutcliffe proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
on the oxidation of metals at low temperature and the influence of light n cabrera phil . mag  
explicit expression of the parameter bias-error in identification of laguerre series from step a lecchini m gevers  2002.0 
integrated manufacturing and human resource management : a human capital perspective sa snell jw dean jr the academy of management journal 1992.0 
a case study of a fast track sap r/3 implementation at guilbert n gibson electronic markets 1999.0 
performance relighting and reflectance transformation with time-multiplexed illumination a wenger a gardner c tchou j unger t hawkins proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
the limits of economy of material in framestructures agm miehell phil . mag  
aspects of the stability and resilience of savanna ecosystems bh walker i noy-meir ecology of tropical savannas 1982.0 
pipelining in multi-query optimization nn dalvi sk sanghai p roy s sudarshan   
colonial precedents of our national land system as it existed in 1800 ac ford  1910.0 
interviewing during a tight job market q luo sigmod record 2002.0 
piperench : an architecture and compiler for reconfigurable computing s goldstein h schmit m budiu s cadambi m moe ieee computer  
inside widows nt h custer microsoft  
prediction and evaluation methods for road traffic noise in built-up areas inter-noise k uesaka h ohnishi t chiba k takagi proc . of 29th international congress and exhibition on noise & hellip ;  
forget x-ray vision specs try radar flashlights d schiff electronic design  
an initial design report on the design of ariel e hanson sigmod record  
for archiving and post-processing large distributed scientific data using sql/med and xml m papiani jl wason da nicole   
microbial methods for the extraction and recovery of metals dp kelly pr norris cl brierly & hellip ; state future prospects . proc 29th symposium gen microbiol ( & hellip ;  
eddies : continuously adaptive query processing r avnur jm hellerstein sigmod conference 2000.0 
comparative embryology of angiosperms bm johri kb ambegaokar ps srivastava  1992.0 
jr. sms 1998 . little-jil 1.0 language report ae wise bs lerner ek mc call r podorozhny lj technical report 98-24 ( apr ) university of massachusetts at  
a history of system r and sql/data system ( invited paper ) dd chamberlin am gilbert ra yost vldb  
developments in abrasive waterjets for micromachining d miller summers d. editor proceedings of the 2003 wjta american  
experiences in mining aviation safety data z nazeri e bloedorn p ostwald   
strategy making and structure : analysis and implications for performance d miller the academy of management journal 1987.0 
production models and social contexts d jonsson t engstrã ¶ m l medbo paper to the sixth international conference on management of  
computing access relevance for path-method generation in oodb and im-oodb a mehta j geller y perl p fankhauser journal of intelligent information systems 1996.0 
a search for periodicity in the x ray spectrum of black hole candidate a0620-00 gw clark k plaks  1991.0 
issues in the design of adaptive middleware load balancing o othman dc schmidt   
some enzymatic properties of polymannuronic acid câ ?? 5 epimerase in brown algae m ishikawa k nisizawa proc . int . seaweed symp  
interactive knowledgeelicitation in a patent expertâ ?? s workstation s sheremetyeva s nirenburg ieee computer  
ss7 basics . telephony division intertec publishing corp. t beninger   
low-rate speech coding based on the sinusoidal model rj mcaulay tf quatieri advances in speech signal processing 1992.0 
magneto-optical transitions in a coulomb coupled pair of quantum dots ( abstract only ) t chakraborty v halonen p pietilainen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the diversity of diversity : a critique of geodemographic classification d voas p williamson area 2001.0 
formation of the impacted ghetto : evidence from large metropolitan areas : 1970â ?? 1980 . ma hughes urban geography  
cooperative modeling in applied geographic research g alonso a el abbadi  1994.0 
effects of the legitimacy of low group or individual status on individual and collective status - n ellemers h wilke a van knippenberg journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
dmql : a data mining query language for relational databases j han y fu w wang k koperski o zaiane   
worst-case complexity analysis of methods for logic query implementation a marchetti-spaccamella a pelaggi d sacca proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
development of technology for harvesting and transplanting subtidal juvenile pacific razor clams na rickard ra newman mw. seattle washington . june  
z special issue : editorial jp bowen mg hinchey information and software technology  
râ $ uhl t. and bal he 1998b . user-level network interface protocols raf bhoedjang ieee  
excursions above the minimum for diffusions pj fitzsimmons unpublished manuscript  
a monte carlo algorithm for fast projective clustering cm procopiuc sigmod conference 2002.0 
near-drowning-associated aeromonas pneumonia pt ender mj dolan d dolan jc farmer gp melcher journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
nonlinear blind source separation by self-organizing maps p pajunen a hyvarinen j karhunen proc . int . conf . on neural information  
experimental evaluation of real-time optimistic concurrency control schemes j huang ja stankovic k ramamritham df towsley vldb 1991.0 
open decdtm : constraint based transaction management j klein fu iv   
user modelling in computer-based critics t mastaglio   
sons 2001 j wiley   
sociotechnical scenarios as a tool for reflexive technology policies paper for 4s conference 28-31 f geels san diego  
overview of the jasmin database machine dh fishman my lai wk wilkinson proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1984.0 
supporting temporal text-containment queries in temporal document databases k nã ¸ rvag   
a multimedia presentation algebra s adah ml sapino vs subrahmanian acm sigmod philadelphia 1999.0 
is uml heading for fragmentation ? in the '' aught-world '' of standards ( 2000 and beyond that is ) r adhikari application development trends 2003.0 
generation of slow inhibitory and excitatory postsynaptic potentials b libet fed proc 1970.0 
joining the right queue : a markov decision rule kr krishnan proc . 28th ieee conf . decision control  
report on the programming language euclid bw lampson jj horning rl london jg mitchell gj acm sigplan notices 1977.0 
ageneral solution ofthe n-dimensional b-tree problem m freeston proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
boston a paterson is groupoids b their operator to  
a model of methods access authorization in object-oriented databases eb fernandez mm larrondo-petrie e gudes proc . of the 19th vldb conference dublin  
shelxtl5 . 2 s lee sr lovelace dj arford sj geib sg weber acc . chem .  
use of benzodiazepines for chest pain : a new indication for an old drug ? jd kirk ea amsterdam journal of emergency medicine 2003.0 
new approach for bone marrow transplantation in patients with class 3 thalassemia aged younger than p sodani d gaziev p polchi b erer c giardini blood-new york - 2004.0 
measuring end-to-end bulk transfer capacity m aiiman proceedings of acm sigcomm intemet measurement workshop  
accuracy and bias in the perception of the partner in a close relationship da kenny lk acitelli journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
cellstreamâ ?? pilot customer experience j chauhan id gallagher bt technology journal 1998.0 
savings wealth and income : then and now ft juster j lupton jp smith f stafford  1999.0 
on the materialization of webviews a labrinidis n roussopoulos   
embeddings of small generalized polygons ja thas h van maldeghem to  
7700 14th avenue south se assessment boc gases seattle washington delta environmental consultants march  
layout impact of resolution enhancement techniques : impediment or opportunity ? lw liebmann   
a processing interface for multiple external schema access to a data base management system ag dale cv yurkanan vldb  
rejoinder to '' comments on one-warehouse multiple retailer systems with vehicle routing costs '' s anily a federgruen management science 1991.0 
the adsorption of gases and vapors vol . 1 s brunauer i : physical  
metalloporphyrines as active site analogues-lessons from enzymes and enzyme models . wd woggon acc . chem . res 2005.0 
microporous mesoporous mater ar silva c freire b de castro jl figueiredo submitted for  
corporate headquarters relocation and changes in metropolitan corporate dominance 1980-1987 sr holloway jo wheeler economic geography 1991.0 
carbon cycling in the upper waters of the sargasso sea : ii . numerical simulation of apparent and wp bissett kl carder jj walsh da dieterle deep-sea research i 1999.0 
propagation over irregular terrain v schejbal radioengineering-prague - 1997.0 
a 200 plus seat restaurant and cafe facility was constructed at a cost of $ 2,012,764 i september  2003.0 
conceptual model of web service reputation . mp singh sigmod record 2002.0 
continously adaptive continuous query over streams s maddenâ ? ¦ proc . acm intl. conf . on management of data ( sigmod ) p171 - & hellip ;  
the berkeley continuous media toolkit bc smith la rowe ja konstan kd patel proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
sgml tools s pepper f hurtigtrykk proceedings of : deuxiã ¨ me ã © cole d &#39; ã © tã © sgml talloires ( & hellip ;  
wavelet synopses with error guarantees mn garofalakis pb gibbons   
protecting public-access sites against ddos attacks k argyraki dr cheriton technical report stanford university may 2004 . available at  
variable optical polarization in her x-1 ( abstract only ) pj hakala j egonsson oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
jm hellerstein static analysis techniques for predicting the behavior of active database rules a aiken j widom transactions on database  
the architecture of an active database management system u dayal d mccarthy acm sigmod conf  
space-bounded foies g dong j su   
improved h-mode access with inboard gas puffing ar field er arends pg carolan pj catto nj   
ambulatory venous pressure measurements a kriessman see ref  
examining committee members c ã?zgen  2005.0 
a model to simulate carbon emission rights trade : purpose and features of the cert model and r kappel p staub eidgenã ¶ ssische technische hochschule zurich switzerland  
independent component analysis for parallel financial time series k kiviluoto e oja   
population genetics & fishery management n ryman f utter  1987.0 
introductory computer science for general education : laboratories textbooks and the internet r mcfall g stegink   
a note on coloring random k-sets n alon j spencer unpublished  
comments on the debate : data-structure-set versus relational j clymer acm sigmod record 1975.0 
will social security and medicare remain viable as the us population is aging ? h bohn   
keynote address m lehman proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer - & hellip ;  
stresses and stress intensity factors for embedded hyperbolic and parabolic cracks rc shah ph. d. thesis university of washington seattle washington (  
the south korean image of the world and the world image of korea tf saarinen hh kim cl maccabe geography  
emergency department use by the rural elderly dm lishner ra rosenblatt lm baldwin lg hart journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
how lossy compression shrinks images . b simon pc  
longitudinal gradients in the spectra of anomalous crs h fichtner sr sreenivasan   
chatâ ?? s where itâ ?? s atâ ?? a hickman pc magazine  
statistical analysis of ethernet lan trac at the source level '' w. willinger et al sst high-variability proceedings of acm sigcomm  
250 ( 1998 ) 295 ; d. sornette r. cont d sornette j. phys . i  
violence against wives re dobash rp dobash new york  
reliable extraction of rf figures-of-merit for mos-fets e vandamme d schreurs b nauwelaers c van proc . 29th eur . solid-state device res . conf .  
galileo : a strongly typed interactive conceptual language aa ac0851 l cardelli r orsini acm transactions on database systems  
3d photography on your desk ieee int jy bouguet p perona conf . on computer vision ( bombay india 04â ?? 07 jan  
microsoft windows xp registry guide j honeycutt  2002.0 
lyapunov-constrained action sets for reinforcement learning tj perkins ag barto   
self-tuning control of offset : a unified approach ps tuffs dw clarke   
totem : a reliable ordered delivery protocol for interconnected local-area networks da agarwal  1995.0 
medical adjuvant treatment to increase patency of arteriovenous fistulae and grafts af da silva x escofet pa rutherford cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
anatomy of a real e-commerce system a jhingran   
integrating device independence and user profiles on the web t glover j davies bt technology journal 2005.0 
rule-based workflow management for bioinformatics j conery j catchen m lynch the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
the archaeology of india dp agrawal  1982.0 
hypermedia multimedia and hypertext . definitions and overview h bornman sh von solms electronic library 1993.0 
a logic for probability in quantum systems r van der meyden m patra lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
'' modeling-by-patterns '' of web applications f garzotto p paolini d bolchini s valenti lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
on the formalism of local variational differential operators s igonin a verbovetsky r vitolo   
modelnet : scalability and accuracy in a largescale network emulator k yocumâ ? ¦ proc acm sigcomm  
a tale of two roads c hinshaw social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
bergeyâ ?? s manual of determinative bacteriology ninth edition . williams and wilkins baltimore jg holt nr krieg pha sneath jt staley md  
nearest neighbor searching and applications s arya  1996.0 
after the eruption : managing conflict in the classroom sa holton new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
fault-tolerant computers ensure reliable industrial controls jh wensley electronic design  
weakly differentiable functions wp ziemer  1989.0 
political geography pj taylor political geography  
a universal infrastructure for the run-time monitoring of parallel and distributed applications r wismueller j trinitis t ludwig lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
performance limitations of cache-coherent numa and hierarchical coma multiprocessors and the at-coma a gupta t joe p stenstrom technical report csl-tr-92-524 stanford university  
seven mile boots-implications of an everyday interface m pichlmair proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
efficient design and analysis of two colour factorial microarray experiments f bretz j landgrebe e brunner  2003.0 
bifidobacterium longum atcc 15707 production using free and immobilized cell fermentations in a whey c paquin m leroy c lacroix proceedings of the 23rd international dairy federation . & hellip ;  
wireless local loop radio systems n cotanis b jabbari computer networks  
gridsec : grid security enforcement with trust integration over minimal vpn tunnels k hwang s song j lv   
on the excentricityof the earthâ ?? s orbit and its physical relations to the glacial epoch j croll phil . mag  
let 's work together : sharing the burden of systems support . j stone computerworld. 1982.0 
atoms in strong light fields nb delone vp krainov  1985.0 
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension . sigmod 84 boston ma june 1984 v lum p dadam r erbe j guenauer p pistor g sigmod record  
fastsort : a distributed single-input single-output external sort b salzberg a tsukerman j gray m stuewart s acm sigmod record 1990.0 
why do people need self-esteem ? converging evidence that self-esteem serves an anxiety-buffering j greenberg s solomon t pyszczynski a journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
recent argus results on charm baryon physics j stiewe proc . 26th int . conf . on high energy physics ( dallas tx  
reliability aspects of aigaas/gaas hemts c canaliâ ? ¦ proc . 29th annual/fee intâ ?? l reliability physics symp  
nursing-physician communication breakdown : is it a basis for nurse liability ? je george ms quattrone m goldstone  1996.0 
cognitive psychology and college-level pedagogy : two siblings that rarely communicate mw matlin new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
determinants of faculty pay : an agency theory perspective lr gomez-mejia db balkin the academy of management journal 1992.0 
modeled retention and graduation rates : calculating expected retention and graduation rates for g blose new directions for higher education 1999.0 
a new control structure for transformation-based generators tj biggerstaff lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
architectures for internal web services deployment o shmueli proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
wildfire risk assessment guide for homeowners in the southern united states a long c randall unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
checking computations in polylogarithmic time lb bfls l fortnow l levin m szegedy proceedings of the 23rd annual acm symposium on the theory & hellip ;  
the design and evaluation of a defense for internet worms r scandariato jc knight proceedings of the 23rd ieee international symposium on & hellip ;  
analysis of a family of exact inversion formulas for cone beam ct a katsevich a zamyatin submitted for  
stratafrac ; user documentation : linking discrete fracture networks to geocellular grids version 1.0 w dershowitzâ ? ¦ golder assocs. seattle washington  
guanxi and its managerial implications for western firms in china : a case study wp wu international conference on management issues for china in & hellip ;  
iterated time series prediction with ensemble models jd wichard m ogorzaå?ek   
effects of a water soluble plasma protein product on weanling pig performance and health with and bs borg jm campbell h koehnk le russell du proceedings of allen d. leman swine conference 1999.0 
the substance of image jc dvorak pc  
real-time operating systems for embedded computing s hustin m potkonjak e verhulst w wolf proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
the usability life cycle j nielsen   
regularized principal manifolds aj smola s mika rc williamson journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
distributed transaction processing facilities az spector acm press frontier series 1990.0 
measurement of silicon strength as affected by wafer back processing g hawkins h berg m mahalingamâ ? ¦ 25 thannual proceedings : reliability physics ieee  
temporal specification of ada tasking w hankley j peters proceedings of the 23rd hawaii international conference on  
patterns of routine antenatal care for low-risk pregnancy j villar g carroli d khan-neelofur g piaggio m cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
ways to go in rama : a case study in polygrammaticalization ' cg craig approaches to grammaticalization  
allocating resources as a means of inducing and responding to change . kw mathews new directions for higher education 1990.0 
disability identity development : an exploratory investigation sk grant  1996.0 
the dynamics of dynamic river channels s lane geography 1995.0 
flowering plants of the san benitos islands baja california mexico sa junak r philbrick proceedings of the fifth california islands symposium 2000.0 
cleâ $ ment n. and coujou a. 2002 f pettinari-sturmel m jouiad hok kirchner phil .  
luca15 a putative tumour suppressor gene encoding an rna-binding nuclear protein is down-regulated h edamatsu y kaziro h itoh genes to cells 2000.0 
recurrence of iga deposits/disease in grafts . an australian registry survey 1980-1990 r hartung b livingston l excell a disney contributions to nephrology 1995.0 
outline of a real-time data-flow language in 1985 real-time symposium jl bergerand p caspi n halbwachs d pilaud e  1985.0 
optimization of run-time management of data intensive web-sites d florescu a levy d suciu k yagoub proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
information warfare and security hv jagadish acm sigmod record 2001.0 
performance evaluation of attribute-based tree organization v gopalakrishna ce veni madhavan acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
mining database structure ; or how to build a data quality browser t dasu t johnson s muthukrishnan v shkapenyuk sigmod conference 2002.0 
asymptotic observer design for constrained robot systems hp huang   
van arbeidsgehandicapten maart 1998 æ ? 31 -- gr jehoel-gijsbers   
managing video data in a mobile environment r alonso yl chang l iftode sigmod record 1995.0 
chaos - a tutorial for engineers t parker l chua ieee proceedings 1987.0 
anaesthesia for hip fracture surgery in adults mj parker hh handoll r griffiths cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
an optimal control approach to real-time vehicle guidance m vogel o von stryk r bulirsch tm wolter c submitted for  
plug-and-play pcmcia cards o rist pc magazine 1993.0 
responding to grammar errors sl holt new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
homer : a model-based case tool for data-intensive web sites p merialdo p atzeni m magnante g mecca m sigmod conference 2000.0 
finding approximate matching of points and segments under translation a efrat unpublished manuscript  
amelioration of the macrothrombocytopenia associated with the murine bernard-soulier syndrome t kanaji s russell j ware blood-new york - 2002.0 
a survey of current practice in aerospace software development r plant p tsoumpas information and software technology 1995.0 
declarative specification of web applications exploiting web services and workflows m brambilla s ceri s comai m dario p proc . sigmod 2004.0 
how faithfully should the electronic office simulate the real one j johnson acm sigchi bulletin 1987.0 
measuring link bandwidths using a deterministic model of packet delay l kevin b mary proc acm sigcomm  
time lags in biological models n macdonald  1978.0 
concise papers aac aware ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
theoretical and practical issues in the preferred argument structure of brazilian portuguese r dutra & hellip ; barbara : unpublished monograph . university of california  
experiments with multi-probcut and a new high-quality evaluation function for othello games in ai m buro   
mcleod . database descriptionwithsdm : asemantic database model mm hammer acm transactions on database systems  
exploratory trees for semi-markov processes o intrator proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface of & hellip ;  
cb or not cb r kibble centering theory applied to nlg . in procs . of acl workshop & hellip ;  
international scoring system for evaluating prognosis in myelodysplastic syndromes p greenberg c cox mm lebeau p fenaux p morel blood-new york - 1997.0 
the solution of nonlinear operator equations with critical points . j davis  1966.0 
das einen link zu einem programm oder dokument in e bild microsoft  
descriptions of heretofore unknown mammals from islands in the gulf of california mexico . wh burt  1932.0 
source acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) archive dk hsiao acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1978.0 
a controlled experiment on the understandability of different requirements specification styles e kamsties a von knethen r reussner procs of  
on the vc dimension of bounded margin classifiers d hush c scovel machine learning 2001.0 
individual construct accessibility person memory and the recall-judgment link : the case of ja bargh rd thein journal of personality and social psychology  
best practices in patient safety education g almgren s dippery p esselmanâ ? ¦ seattle university of washington  
approximating aggregate queries about web pages via random walks z bar-yossef a berg s chien j fakcharoenphol d vldb 2000.0 
assessing pay discrimination using national data dj treiman hi hartmann pa roos see remick  
advances in space research j yokogawa m sakano k koyama s yamauchi  1998.0 
biology of amphibians : mcgraw-hill we duellman l trueb new york  
cocaine-associated dissection of the thoracic aorta . a fisher br holroyd journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
definitional reflection and the completion p schroeder-heister lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
system performance and benchmarking : learning table access cardinalities with leo v markl g lohman proc . acm sigmod june  
multivariate statistical methods in behavioral research d bock   
the theory of the formal method bm ejxenbaum see ref  
effects of expectancy on working and waiting for larger rewards w mischel e staub journal of personality and social psychology 1965.0 
systems of disjoint representatives r aharoni p haxell to  
evaluating students ' written performance in the online classroom jf bauer rs anderson new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
digest of technical papers of international symposium wa barrow re coovert e dickey cn king c laakso sid seattle washington usa  
a geometric-resilient image hashing system and its application scalability cy hsu cs lu proc . acm multimedia and security  
a real-time interactive multi-view video system jg lou h cai j li proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
on the shoulders of giants : intertextuality and classical studies d fowler md  
explaining development and change in organizations ah van de ven ms poole the academy of management review 1995.0 
advances in real-time database systems research sigmod record 1996 sigmod record 1996.0 
learning embedded maps of markov processes y engel s mannor   
fine-grain protocol execution mechanisms & scheduling policies on smp clusters b falsafi  1998.0 
molecular selforganisation in a developmental model for the evolution of large-scale artificial h bolouri r adams s george ag rust procs of the int . conf . on neural information processing and & hellip ;  
to hear all voices : a broader view of faculty scholarship l richlin new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
implementation of two semantic query optimization techniques in db2 universal database q cheng j gryz f koo tyc leung l liu x qian vldb 1999.0 
the design of postgres l rowe m stonebraker & hellip ; of the 1986 acm-sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
smooth-a distributed multimedia database system h kosch c hanin c hofbauer m lang c riedler r vldb 2001.0 
the importance of natural enemies in integrated control ps messenger e biliotti r van den bosch see ref  
quantifying internal attributes of functional programs r harrison information and software technology 1993.0 
university of wisconsin-green bay . ew weidner wg kuepper new directions for higher education 1993.0 
the field drift of ions and its influence on the electrical properties of sno 2 ( abstract only ) av ignatov av burlak vv serdyuk v lantto s oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
c bernstem pa and goodman n '' a sophlstlcate 's introductlon to database normahzatlon theory '' bbg been proc vldb  
an architecture and data model for cad databases ap buchmann vldb 1985.0 
outrage prompts amazon to change price-testing policy l rosencrance computerworld  
a 3d reconstruction and enrichment system for broadcast soccer video x yan x yu ts hay proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
c and wong a. generation and search of clustered files sa ltcin acm trans database syst  
replacement tracer agents for the in-place leak testing of adsorbers in nats jr pearsonâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 23rd doe/nrc air cleaning  
1420 c19h1202 c krieger g peraus acc . chem .  
data compression for randomly addressed files d wilkes msc . thesis department of computer science university of  
discovering multi-level classification rules in platelet transfusion databases university of m taylor md  
critical multiplism meta-analysis and generalization : an integrative commentary aj figueredo new directions for program evaluation 1993.0 
wavecluster : a wavelet-based clustering approach for spatial data in very large databases g sheikholeslami s chatterjee a zhang the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
eon.â ?? statix : making xml countâ ?? j freire jr haritsa m ramanath p roy j sim proc . sigmod  
benzodiazepine facilitation of opiate reward bm walker  1999.0 
intentional iron overdose in pregnancy-management and outcome t tran jr wax c philput jd steinfeld cj journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
telecommunications and higher education : in search of a public policy . mb goldstein new directions for higher education 1983.0 
feasible itemset distributions in data mining : theory and application wa maniatty g ramesh mj zaki sigmod conference san diego usa  
ad @ ( dvâµâµ '' j '' rlp @ 6 @ 4 < t < 46zh fjzd4 > 0hâµ '' 20jf < . / 880 < 46z âµ b 4d \ \ '' [ programs of psychosocial c hatzichristou athens greece  
you ca n't not believe everything you read dt gilbert rw tafarodi ps malone journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
on an algebra for historical relational databases : two views j clifford au tansel   
what causes public assistance caseloads to grow ? rm blank the journal of human resources 2001.0 
picodmbs : scaling down database techniques for the smartcard c bobineau l bouganim p pucheral p valduriez vldb 2000.0 
the piazza peer data management system ay halevy zg ives j madhavan p mork d suciu i ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
special issue : game engines in scientific research table of contents m lewis j jacobson communications of the acm 2002.0 
a unified framework for semantics and feature based relevance feedback in image retrieval systems y lu c hu x zhu hj zhang q yang   
media use among preschool children as a function of income and media options m st peters s oppenheimer dj eakins jc wright & hellip ; for research in child development seattle washington 1991.0 
identifying traits with formal concept analysis a lienhard s ducasse g arã © valo proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
locking granularity revisited dr ries mr stonebraker acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
pier : using interactive multimedia m nilsson u nulden submitted for publication  
on the precision measurement of air velocity by means of the linear hot-wire anemometer lv king phil . mag  
a 140 ghz 1.5 mw te 28 16-coaxial cavity gyrotron b pioscyzk o braz g dammertz ct iatrou s kern proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves & hellip ;  
introduction background and international perspectives : korean history culture and education sj paik international journal of educational research 2001.0 
the sabermetric manifesto d grabiner   
data conversion rules from network to relational databases j fong c bloor information and software technology  
behavior and control of greasy spot in florida citrus groves jo whiteside proc . int . soc . citricult  
routine run-time code generation s kamin   
hyperinflation and convertibility-based stabilization in argentina aj canavese contributions to economic analysis 1993.0 
calibration terrain reconstruction and path planning for a planetary micro-rover i-sairas 6 m vergauwen m pollefeys l van gool r moreas f robotics and automation in space montreal canada june  
encapsulating distribution by remote objects m jansen e klaver p verkaik m steen as information & software technology 2001.0 
northwestern flora p. 66 tc frye gb rigg university of washington seattle washington  
some reviews of current literature eh sibley acm sigmod record 1973.0 
variety and productivity in faculty careers . rg baldwin new directions for higher education 1983.0 
integrity constraint in deductive databases ra kowalski f sadri p soper proceedings of the 13th vldb conference brighton  
vacuum-assisted closure versus saline-moistened gauze in the healing of postoperative diabetic foot sk mccallon ca knight jp valiulus mw cunningham   
survey finds companies lack e-commerce blueprint k melymuka computerworld  
a requirement-based approach to data modeling and re-engineering ah muntz ct ramiller proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
educating the whole person rm berdahl new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
special section on data-issues in electronic commerce a dogac sigmod record  
attitudinal and normative variables as predictors of specific behaviors i ajzen m fishbein journal of personality and social psychology  
society for information display mr douglass cg malemes san diego  
a bounds inference method for vector-based memoization wn chin m hagiya proceedings of the second acm sigplan international & hellip ; 1997.0 
laparoscopic surgery for subfertility associated with endometriosis tz jacobson dh barlow pr koninckx d olive c cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
interactive storytelling system using behavior-based non-verbal information : zenetic computer n tosa s matsuoka k miyazaki proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
a critical look at critical chain project management t raz r barnes   
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems ( extended ) b yang h garcia-molina 27th international conference on very large data bases rome & hellip ;  
almost every set in exponential time is p-bi-immune e mayordomo lecture notes in computer science 1992.0 
focal isolation of long heat-waves h rubens rw wood phil mag  
instruction selection using binate covering for code size optimization s liao s devadas k keutzer s tjiang proceedings of the 1995 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
cytokine genotypes in allograft rejection : guidelines for immunosuppression iv hutchinson d turner d sankaran m awad v transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
rã ¶ ntgenologische erfolgstatistik von wurzelbehandlungen hp staub  1963.0 
exploring the tensions of problem-based learning : insights from research w hung jh bailey dh jonassen new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
describing software design in ada g booch acm sigplan notices 1981.0 
learning source description for data integration ah doan p domingos ay levy webdb ( informal proceedings ) 2000.0 
reference maintenance & user 's guide for the knee ligament arthrometer md daniel san diego : medmetric  
enzyme histochemistry and immunohistochemistry with freeze-dried or freeze-substituted resin - gi murray the histochemical journal 1992.0 
parallel query processing with zigzag trees m ziane m zaã ¯ t p borla-salamet the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
integrating a structured-text retrieval system with an object-oriented database system tw yan j annevelink vldb 1994.0 
system description : twelf-a meta-logical framework for deductive systems f pfenning c schuermann lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
solid wastes p kollias  1993.0 
flc design for multi-objective system t lim z bien applied mathematics and computer science 1996.0 
approximations for a multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkhoff hp kriegel   
stochastic models for telecom commodity prices c kenyon g cheliotis computer networks 2001.0 
evaluation of ers-2 atsr-2 and noaa-14 avhrr multitemporal data for phenological studies using s jones a millington b wyatt proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of remote sensing & hellip ;  
career choice factors of high school students m borchert  2002.0 
economics and sociology : the prospects for an interdisciplinary discourse on law kg dau-schmidt wisconsin law review 1997.0 
l : a subset of common lisp ra brooks  1993.0 
support for relaxed currency and consistency constraints in mtcache h guo pa larson r ramakrishnan j goldstein proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data 2004.0 
hsg48 reducing error and influencing behaviour uk hse isbn  
understanding livelihood systems as complex wholes r hã ¶ gger nadel eth zurich switzerland  
sampling grid colorings with fewer colors d achlioptas m molloy c moore f van bussel lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
maximum likelihood consistency and data envelopment analysis : a statistical foundation rd banker management science 1993.0 
a pessimistic concurrency control algorithm in multidatabase systems . acms anthology   
timber : a native xml database h jagdishâ ? ¦ acm  
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions ay levy a rajaraman jj ordilleâ ? ¦ vldb 1996.0 
source acm sigmod record archive m franklin acm sigmod record 1997.0 
object-relational database systems ( tutorial ) : principles products and challenges mj carey nm mattos ak nori proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1997.0 
programming windows the definitive guide to the win32 api c petzold  1998.0 
an implementation and performance analysis of spatial data access d greene proc . acm sigmod  
forecasting the ocean â ?? weatherâ ?? g rickard m hadfield   
balancing push and pull for broadcast data s acharya m franklin s zdonik proc . acm sigmod conf. tucson az may  
concerning restsite package vl . 1 jc miller university of wisconsin  
personal goals and emotional well-being : the moderating role of motive dispositions jc brunstein oc schultheiss r graessmann journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
a. & benkovic sj ( 1988 ) t dix acc . chem .  
introduction to theoretical neurobiology : nonlinear and stochastic theories hc tuckwell introduction to theoretical neurobiology  
software componentsâ ?? i hardware proc .  
load balancing and data locality in parallel hierarchial n-body methods jp singhâ ? ¦ technical report csl-tr-92-505 stanford university february  
ebb-flood channel systems in sandy bays and estuaries ahw robinson geography  
oceanstore : an architecture for global-scale persistent storage d bindel y chen p eaton d geels r gummadi s proceedings of acm asplos  
product innovation and the spatial dynamics of market intelligence : does proximity to markets matter sl cornish economic geography 1997.0 
requiem for large-scale models db lee jr acm sigsim simulation digest 1975.0 
91-14 r no eth zurich switzerland  
impact of soa on enterprise information architectures p patrick proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
in curriculum as in life the whole is more than the sum of the parts . rg underhill p thompson social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
modularity in the design and standardisation of open systems . d beech computer networks 1984.0 
future challenges for the residential conference center . ce kasworm eg simpsonâ ? ¦ new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
architectural and application bottlenecks in scalable dsm multiprocessors c holt jp singh j hennessy proceedings of the 23rd annual international symposium on & hellip ;  
human neutrophils utilize a rac/cdc42-dependent mapk pathway to direct intracellular granule b zhong k jiang dl gilvary pk epling-burnette blood-new york - 2003.0 
kv and narayanaswamy k. information modelling for cad/vlsi d mcleod rao bapa proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
automated detection of outliers in real-world data m last a kandel submitted to publication 1999.0 
cache tables : paving the way for an adaptive database cache m altinel c bornhovd s krishnamurthy c mohan h proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
principles of design automatioon system for very large scale computer design y ohno m miyoshi n yamada t odaka t kozawa k proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
the proteasome : a protein-destroying machine k tanaka t chiba genes to cells 1998.0 
historical context and contemporary setting of the learning sanctuary . jh buskey new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
face and tone of voice in the communication of deception m zuckerman md amidon se bishop sd pomerantz journal of personality and social psychology  
cytomegalovirus vaccine trial in 400 renal transplant candidates hh balfour jr pk welo gw sachs transplant proc  
au coeur de windows nt h custer  1993.0 
a study to determine the material to be included in a reference book for welders and fabricators j will  2003.0 
quick fault recovery in oracle t lahiri a ganesh r weiss a joshi proc . acm sigmod  
advances in converse and control lyapuno functions cm kellet  2002.0 
spontaneous interchange in chorthippus brunneus kr lewis b john chromosoma 1963.0 
inside windows 2000 : third edition s russinovich  2001.0 
federated youth foundation scholarship award aa form   
the laboratory temperament assessment battery ( lab-tab ) hh goldsmith mk rothbart university of wisconsin  
conference tutorial notes : data mining techniques j han proceedings of acm sigmod international  
zero reversibility and induction of the english auxiliary system s pilato rc berwick proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association & hellip ;  
the hbpi / - tree : a modified hb-tree supporting concurrency recovery and node consolidation b salzberg d lomet g evangelidis   
parametric query optimization ye ioannidis rt ng k shim tk sellis the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
design of data warehouses using metadata l wu l miller s nilakanta information & software technology 2001.0 
hierarchical packet fair queing algorithms jcr bennett h zhang proceedings of acm  
leap : final report on ohioâ ?? s welfare initiative to improve school attendance among teenage parents d long j gueron r wood r fisher v fellerath  1997.0 
is heads home for the workday m goldberg   
conservation biology of the bearded vulture ( gypaetus barbatus ) b gautschi  2001.0 
mnemonics used for patient assessment js halpern journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
optimizing sql queries for parallel execution g von bultzingsloewen acm sigmod record 1989.0 
object-oriented software engineeringâ ?? a use case driven approach addison-wesley 1992 i jacobson m christerson p jonsson   
designing in the dark : the changing user-developer relationship in information systems development j nandhakumar m jones   
30 1996 ( cspp letter ) o fcc   
restoration of local degradations in audio signals m brejl radioengineering-prague - 1996.0 
conceptual modeling of web service conversations b benatallah f casati f toumani r hamadi   
data compression in oracle m poess d potapov proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
can people use gesture commands ? cg wolf acm sigchi bulletin 1986.0 
movaid : a mobile robotic system for residential care to disabled and elderly people p dario e guglielmelli c laschi g teti proceedings of the first mobinet symposium athens greece & hellip ;  
security for daml web services : annotation and matchmaking g denker l kagal t finin m paolucci k sycara lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
lab instructor arthroscopic surgery of the shoulder c faculty san diego  
the evolution of a festival : creole christmas in new orleans he chacko jd schaffer tourism management 1993.0 
managing flexibility in a maketo-order environment e bish a muriel s biller  2001.0 
beam commissioning of the j-parc linac dtl-1 at kek y kondoâ ? ¦ proc . of 29th linac meeting in japan ( in japanese ) & hellip ;  
active placebos versus antidepressants for depression j moncrieff s wessely r hardy cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
characteristics of randomly connected threshold-element networks and network systems si amari proc . ieee  
union organization and changing demographics : a study about activism fe gapasin  1994.0 
tioga : providing data management support for scientific visualization applications m stonebraker j chen n nathan c paxson j wu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
a management perspective . j welling new directions for higher education 1983.0 
brain abscess in patients with hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia : case report and literature sl dong sf reynolds ip steiner journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
experiential effects of dialectical inquiry devil 's advocacy and consensus approaches to strategic dm schweiger wr sandberg pl rechner the academy of management journal 1989.0 
cytoskeleton and red cell shape s svetina a iglic v kralj-iglic b zeks cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
the dimensionality of self-esteem : ii . hierarchical facet model for revised measurement scales js fleming be courtney journal of personality and social psychology  
a. rowe . thedesignofpost-gres m stonebrakerandl proceedings of the acm sigmod 1986 international conference & hellip ;  
magnetocumulative generators ll altgilbers  2000.0 
rate hike predicted for business users . p hirsch computerworld. 1982.0 
responding to writing on-line ge hawisher c moran new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
1995 . benchmarking spatial join operations with spatial output eg hoel h samet proc . 21st int . conf . on very large data  
customized internet radio v krishnan sg chang www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
the moral comedy of miss compton-burnett mm curtis wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1964.0 
risnes . extending loggingfordatabase snapshot refresh b kahlerando proceedings of the international conference on very large  
adsorbate induced surface reconstruction ( abstract only ) k kankaala t ala-nissila sc ying oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
motor learning impairment and back pain v janda fimm proceedings zurich switzerland  
anefficientindexing technique for full-text database systems j zobel sdr moffata proc 18th vldb conf  
an empirical analysis of function point adjustment factors cj lokan   
dimensions of object-oriented language design p wegner proceedings oopsla87 acm press  
sdl-based specification and testing strategy for communication network protocols o monkevich proc . 9 thsdl forum montreal canada june  
vibrations of a columnar vortex k lord phil . mag  
aquarius prolog p van roy ieee computer  
lexical guidance in sentence processing : further support for aâ ® filtering account bc adams c clifton dc mitchell unpublished manuscript  
dynamic dependencies : a geographic investigation of local labor markets . s hanson g pratt economic geography 1992.0 
love me lead me and leave me alone . js eaton new directions for higher education 1988.0 
model-based information integration in a neuroscience mediator system b ludascher a gupta me martone proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
ncgia gis laboratory exercises volume 1 r dodson  1991.0 
t. khoo m. wright m. hoffman m. : partnership reviewing js weatherley procs . acm/ieee jcdl  
random sampling over joins : efficient implementations and limitations s chaudhuri r motwani v narasayya proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod conference on management & hellip ;  
on the reproductive biology of the strictly protected plants of cyprus cc kadis  1995.0 
minocycline for acne vulgaris : efficacy and safety se garner ea eady c popescu j newton a li wan cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
linear clustering of objects with multiple attributes . acm sigmod intl hv jagadish conference on management of data  
properties of the tree k-median linear programming relaxation j ward rt wong p lemke a oudjit unpublished manuscript  
md ; barry mandell md ; p. wesley mullen . md ; barry roper . md ; garth stevens . jr wd kiser   
lure vy and shu nc data translation part ii . define : a non-procedural language for defining in - bc housel proc . acm  
emission spectroscopy of nonequilibrium radiation from behind shock waves at super-orbital reentry k fujita s sato h ebinuma h otsu t abe proc . 21st int . symp . rarefied gas dynamics  
user interface tools ba myers dr olsen jr jg bonar proceedings of acm  
the corona problem and the angles between invariant subspaces vi vasyunin algebra i analiz  
hypermagnesemia-induced fatality following epsom salt gargles rb birrer aj shallash v totten journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
stabilization of nonlinear uncertain systems m krstic h deng  1998.0 
analysis of bio-optical variability related to physical processes on the southern new england gc chang  1999.0 
c. silverstein . beyond market baskets : generalizing association rules to correlations s brin r motwani proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of  
implications of accounting practice for financial analysis . wm wilkinson new directions for higher education 1979.0 
a unifying view of knowledge representation for inductive learning af bowers c giraud-carrier jw lloyd submitted for publication  
consulting : a full-time job . gb thomas new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
aaai-94 workshop knowledge discovery in databases um fayyad r uthurusamy seattle washington  
badrinath â ?? energy efficient indexing on airâ ?? t imilienski s vishwanathan proceedings sigmod  
on the integration of software design information gj ampt information and software technology 1987.0 
optimal routing in systems with ilr service time distributions d towsley pd sparaggis  1993.0 
partners ( university of washington woods hole oceanographic institute jet propulsion laboratory n phase washington seattle  
understanding dielectric cure monitoring sd senturia  1982.0 
ship shadowing : model and data comparisons ws helliwell gn sullivan b macdonald kj voss proceedings of spie 2005.0 
dynamic optimistic interprocedural analysis : a framework and an application i pechtchanski v sarkar   
data caching issues in an information retrieval system r alonso d barbara h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
the human impact on the environment . s metcalfe geography 1991.0 
the major seventh : standards as a leading tone in higher education . c adelman new directions for higher education 1983.0 
emmanuelwalker . methods and rules s abiteboul g lausen h upho proceedings of the acm sigmod  
5.0 ppc p fit quantum soft zurich switzerland  
resilient peer-to-peer streaming pa chou vn padmanabhan hj wang technical report msr-tr-2003-11 microsoft research redmond wa  
automatic conversion of vhdl programs into cases p gomes c bento   
transformative learning in adult second language learning e foster new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
information extraction : techniques and challenges r grishman lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
a study of the flight safety under imc y kumamoto h fujimoto t amano k kobayashi european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
dynamic content acceleration : a caching solution to enable scalable dynamic web page generation kdkrh thomas a datta d vandermeer proceeding of the fifteenth acm symposium on operating & hellip ;  
on the semantics of updates in databases r fagin jd ullman my vardi proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
motivation for higher-order learning jg donald new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
guest editors note r alt hd zimmermann electronic markets  
atlas of protein sequence and structure vol 5 . natl biomed res found silver springs mo dayhoff md  
a internet based service for patient compliance to disease treatment xh wang rsh istepanian proceedings of the 25 thannual international conference of  
efficiently publishing relational data as xml documents b reinwald vldb 2000  
bananas : an evolutionary framework for explicit and multipath routing in the internet ht kaur s kalyanaraman a weiss s kanwar a   
new complex material wood ceramic-their properties k nishimoto k tsunoda proceedings of $ 5.03-04 session iufro d  
modeling battlefield sensor environments with an object database management system ma woyna jh christiansen cw hield kl simunich   
optimizing queries across diverse data sources h laura hd kossmann el wimmersâ ? ¦ ptoc . 23rd int . conf . on vety large data bases  
http extensions for distributed authoringâ ?? webdav . proposed standard-request for comments ( rfc ) y goland e whitehead a faizi s carter d jensen technical report microsoft uc irvine netscape novell  
efficient locking for concurrent operation on b-trees pl leman sb yao acm tods  
co. v. parker products inc. 498 sw 2d 676 ( tex . 1973 ) ; womack v. allstate ins . co. 296 sw 2d 233 ( g ins   
routing on longest-matching prefixes w doeringer g karjoth m nassehi ieee/acm transactions on networking ( ton ) 1996.0 
human physiology : the mechanisms of body function ( 8âª ed . ) new york mc graw hill a vander j sherman d luciano  2001.0 
the effects of nefazodone on sleep architecture in depression r armitage aj rush m trivedi j cain neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1994.0 
developing metadata-intensive applications with rondo s melnik e rahm pa bernstein journal of web semantics 2003.0 
efficiently mining long patterns from datasets rj bayardo proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data  
analyse und synthese nichtlinearer dissipativer systeme : ein ã?berblick a kugi k schlacher   
j. stone ec waddington cj garrard & binns wr 1990 i tl k mh proc . 21st int . cosmic-ray  
chordality properties on graphs and minimal conceptual connections in semantic data models g ausiello ad ` atri m moscarini proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
do diverse juries aid or impede justice ? ks klein td klastorin wisconsin law review 1999.0 
oxford university press ; 2004 . 400 pã ¡ gs s amartya   
from recombination of genes to the estimation of distributions i. binary parameters h muhlenbein g paaã ? lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
the dynamics of government regulation and e-commerce development : a comparison of malaysia and n kshetri proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of pacific & hellip ;  
gloss : text-source discovery over the internet l gravano h garcia-molina a tomasic acm transactions on database systems 1999.0 
centralized concurrency control methods for high-end tp . a thomasian sigmod record 1991.0 
utilization of full fat jatropha seeds in broiler diet : effect on haematological parameters and oa adeyemi oe fasina mo balogun proceedings of the 25 conference of thnigerian society for & hellip ;  
adiabatic limit in perturbation theory h epstein v glaser renormalization theory . proceedings d. reidel publishing co & hellip ;  
evaluating faculty development programs jf wergin new directions for higher education 1977.0 
a global emergency s rupley pc magazine  
semantics based synchronization in database systems v krishnaswamy  1993.0 
s80-radtmo goddard space flight center greenbelt jv dave nr no md  
evaluation strategies for statistical query processing wk ng cv ravishankar submitted for publication  
the aurora experimental framework for the performance evaluation of speech recognition systems under d pearce hg hirsch   
applying writing guidelines to web pages j morkes j nielsen proceedings of acm chi &#39; 98 conference on human factors in & hellip ; 1998.0 
sampling large databases for association mining h toivonen proc . 22nd int &#39; l conf . very large databases  
lompoc quadrangle usg survey california-santa barbara co  
staples joins kiosk retailers l mearian   
cognitive style categorization and vocational effectss on performance of rel database users dg egly kt wescourt acm sigsoc bulletin 1981.0 
active xml : peer-to-peer data and web serivces integration ( demo ) s abiteboul o benjelloun i manolescu t milo r proceedings of the international vldb  
specs : personal pervasive systems m lamming d bohm   
active network file system for data mining and multimedia sh srinivasan p singh proceedings of the 15th international conference on computer & hellip ; 2002.0 
testing a causal model of corporate risk taking and performance p bromiley the academy of management journal 1991.0 
mechanoprotection of the plasma membrane in neurons and other non-erythroid cells by the spectrin - ce morris   
object systems over relational databases mk crowe information and software technology 1993.0 
on frequency assignment in mobile automatic telephone systems a gamst w rave proc . globecom  
developmental roles and molecular characterization of a drosophila homologue of arabidopsis y kataoka m takeichi t uemura genes to cells 2001.0 
using active learning in college classes : a range of options for faculty edited by tracey e. m mosely new directions for teaching and  
thickness dependence of the nucleation field of triglycine sulphate hf kay jw dunn phil . mag  
commercial sources for hart crane 's '' the river '' j baker wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
rule handling in the day-to-day resource management problem : an object-oriented approach kx thrampoulidis c goumopoulos e housos information and software technology 1997.0 
dynamic plan migration for continuous queries over data streams y zhu ea rundensteiner gt heineman acm sigmod 2004.0 
tool path planning using trochoid cycles for hardened steel in die and mold manufacturing ( 1 s ibaraki i yamaji y kakino s nishida at icam2003  
a query model for object-oriented databases w krm proceedings of the international conference on very large  
the algal turf community in the nest of the ocean goldfish hypsypops rubicunda ms foster proc . int . seaweed symp  
query optimisation for nested relations l golby ar algebra proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
understanding bizarre and kinky web sites . jc dvorak pc magazine online  
a case of sphenoid ridge meningioma presenting as subarachnoid hemorrhage n nakao k kubo h moriwaki no to shinkei 1991.0 
vanguard/place experiment system design and test plan re taylor & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
productivity and the enactment of a macro culture kc laudon kl marr proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
in comes java . do you retrain or replace ? d orenstein computerworld  
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource bt technology journal cm christensen dl sundahl bt technology journal 2001.0 
eeg-based brain computer communication : improvement by bayesian discriminant analysis ge fabiani dj mcfarland jr wolpaw g proc . soc . neuroscience 29th annu .  
logic restructuring for wave-pipelined circuits ts kim w burleson m ciesielski proc . int . workshop logic synthesis  
carotid endarterectomy for symptomatic carotid stenosis cs cina cm clase rb haynes cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
integrating activity-based costing and the theory of constraints r cooper r slagmulder management accounting  
603 or 604 two semesters of cegep courses including four of the following : biology 101 chemistry q english   
systemic intervention : philosophy methodology and practice g midgley   
notes on digital coding mje golay proc . ieee  
extending a database system with procedures m stonebraker j anton e hanson acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
optimization of large join queries a swani a gupta proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
a direct injection diesel combustion model for use in transient condition analysis y cui k deng j wu proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
michael tan . semantic data caching and replacement s dar mj franklin bã ? jã ³ nsson d srivastava vldb  
bio-keys sw grotta pc magazine  
toolbook companion jr pierce  1990.0 
the passing of traditional society d lerner new york  
influence of stimulus components placed outside classical receptive field reveals harmonic structure s kadia r snider x wang proceedings of the 23rd midwinter meeting of the association & hellip ;  
an optimal divide-conquer algorithm for 2d skyline queries hx lu y luo x lin   
algorithms for partial logic t langholm unpublished manuscript  
an interview with vladimir nabokov a appel jr v nabokov wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
chain extension of sugar î ´ - lactones with the enolate of tert-butyl bromoacetate and elaboration f schweizer t inazu acc . chem . res 1995.0 
the lowell report j gray h schek m stonebraker j ullman proc . 2003 acm sigmod international conference on management  
access path support for referential integrity in sql2 t hã $ rder j reinert the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
voice vs. data : estimates of media usage and network traffic am noll   
the will and the ways : development and validation of an individual-differences measure of hope cr snyder c harris jr anderson sa holleran lm journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
rf d transceiver for 433 mhz ism wireless data communications aj nadler b bailey electronic engineering 1998.0 
becoming famous overnight : limits on the ability to avoid unconscious influences of the past ll jacoby c kelley j brown j jasechko journal of personality and social psychology  
catalytic enantioselective michael additions to unsaturated ester derivatives using chiral copper ( da evans mc willis jn johnston acc . chem . res 1999.0 
steps to a smoother lager . j fiderio computerworld. 1988.0 
electronic textbook of electromagnetic waves z raida   
algal class abundances in the western equatorial pacific : estimation from hplc measurements of dj mackey hw higgins md mackey d holdsworth deep-sea research i 1998.0 
feedback stabilization of continuous systems by adding an integrator r outbib w aggoune applied mathematics and computer science 1999.0 
procalcitonin : a new marker for differential diagnosis of acute rejection and bacterial infection in m staehler c hammer b meiser b reichart transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
integrating path and timing analysis using instruction-level simulation techniques t lundqvist p stenstroem lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
closet : an efficient algorithm for mining frequent closed itemsets ( pdf ) '' j pei j han r mao proc . 2000 acm-sigmod int . workshop on data mining and  
minimum-phase nonlinear discrete-time systems s monaco d normand-cyrot proc . 28th conference on decision and control los angeles & hellip ;  
ssf fingerprint for image authentication : an incidental distortion resistant scheme s tang jt li yd zhang   
princenton university press hs weyl   
bicycle helmets for children js halpern journal of emergency nursing 1990.0 
the power of dominance relations in branch-and-bound algorithms t ibaraki journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1977.0 
exploiting versions for handling updates in broadcast disks e pitoura pk chrysanthis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
kungl . svenska vetensk . akad . handl. p. 327 ( 1852 ) ; poggendorff annalen 94 141 ( 1855 ) aj ã?ngstrã ¶ m phil . mag  
the operating performance of seasoned equity issuers : free cash flow and post-issue performance r mclaughlin a safieddine gk vasudevan   
jd ullman system/ua database system based on the universal relation assumption hfk kkfgui gm kuper j felgenbaum a van gelder acm tods  
dimas : distributing multimedia on peer-to-peer file sharing networks t reti r sarvas proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
a view from academia j bhagwati & hellip ; labor bureau of international labor affairs : international & hellip ;  
safety and translation of relational calculus queries . a van gelder rw topor acm transactions on database systems 1991.0 
female mate preference enhances offspring growth and reproduction in a fish poecilia reticulata jd reynolds mr gross proceedings : biological sciences 1992.0 
vaginal pessary-induced mechanical bowel obstruction rj roberge c keller m garfinkel journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
effect of the antimigraine drugs ergotamine dihydroergotamine and methysergide on cranial elh spierings pr saxena submitted for  
implementation of the epsilon dataflow processor vg grafe je hoch proceedings of the 23rd hawaii international conference on & hellip ;  
interaction of algorithm and implementation for analog vlsi stereo vision jm hakkarainen jj little hs lee jl wyatt proc . spie 1991.0 
assessing haptic properties for data representation sa wall sa brewster proceedings of acm chi 2003.0 
on six degrees of separation in dblp-db and more e elmacioglu d lee sigmod record 2005.0 
improved approximation algorithms for metric facility location problems m mahdian y ye j zhang lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
on roth korth and silberschatz 's extended algebra and calculus for nested relational databases . au tansel l garnett acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
genetic bases of fish selection vs kirpichnikov  1981.0 
geography institutions and diversity as factors underlying heterogeneity : a bayesian treed cm tan university of wisconsin  
cascadia project t gonzales discovery institute seattle  
efficient frequency domain digital video scrambling for content access control w zeng s lei proc . acm  
an international comparison of derivatives use h berkman me bradbury s magan financial management 1997.0 
embryo transfer in dairy cattle hoards dairyman 1989 ge seidel jr rp elsden   
gradual and verifiable release of a secret ef brickell d chaum ib damgard j van de graaf lecture notes in computer  
choosing celebrity endorsers ar miciak wl shanklin marketing management  
tools and transformations-rigorous and otherwise-for practical database design a rosenthal d reiner acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
bambe version 2.02 beta dl simon b larget software at  
the bang file : a new kindof gridfile m freeston proc . acm sigmod conference  
the telegarden k goldberg   
rapid assessment of stress effects on plant leaves by chlorophyll fluorescence measurements u schreiber w bilger plant response to stress  
on the implementation of bayes-optimal generalizers d wolpert p stolorz  1992.0 
a comprehensive study of model school to work transition programs and their application to the thorp js goodman  2002.0 
a metrics system for quantifying operational coupling in embedded computer control systems d chen m tã ¶ rngren proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
architecture of future data base systems la rowe m stonebraker sigmod record 1981.0 
corticosteroids for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis l richeldi hr davies g ferrara f franco cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
a highly linear cmos transconductor based on a current conveyor d python cc enz procs  
components of reward in social dilemmas ss komorita jm barth journal of personality and social psychology 1985.0 
methods to explain the clinical significance of health status measures gh guyatt d osoba aw wu kw wyrwich gr norman mayo clinic proceedings 2002.0 
behavioral modeling of analog circuits by wavelet collocation methods l xin z xuan z dianâ ? ¦ proc ieee/acm iccad  
towards a theory of advanced transaction models in the situation calculus i kiringa proceedings of the vldb 8th internationalworkshop on & hellip ;  
n. and chandrasekaran b. complexity in classificatory reasoning ga soubdarajan proceedings of aaai ( seattle washington july 13-18 1987 )  
etal. â ?? a space based model for user interaction in shared synthetic environment â ?? le fahlen proc . acm chi  
end-user based collaboration and fairness in open spectrum systems h zheng c peng microsoft research asia technical  
the consequences of optimization for underspecification s inkelas proceedings-nels 1995.0 
a comparison between deterministic and probabilistic approaches to the phenomenon of anomalous m kotulska cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
image segmentation by clustering gb coleman hc andrews ieee proceedings 1979.0 
adaptive background estimation and foreground detection using kalman-filtering c ridder o munkelt h kirchner   
understanding siblingconcepts : a developmental study of kin terms in zinacantan pm greenfield cp childs see ref  
analog sorting network ranks inputs by amplitude and allows selection . dr morgan electronic design  
file directory design considerations for distributed data bases ww chu e nahouraii vldb  
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension vy lum p dadam r erbe j guenauer g walch h   
the darkest journey : celine 's '' death on the installment plan '' j fraser wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
separation of variables and the efficient computation of fourier transforms on finite groups i d maslen d rockmore submitted for  
model-reduction with time delay combining the least-squares method with the ga zj yang t hachini t tsuji iee proceedings -- part d  
erp in china : one package two profiles mg martinsons communications-acm 2004.0 
software processes for the development of electronic commerce systems v gruhn l schoepe information & software technology 2002.0 
efficient checking sequences for testing finite state machines k inan h ural information and software technology 1999.0 
overestimation of mycophenolic acid by emit correlates with mpa metabolite m shipkova e schutz vw armstrong pd niedmann e transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
composite document extended retrieval '' ea fox proc . acm sigir conference montreal canada  
1/f noise ms keshner  1982.0 
on the complexity of ! - automaton s safra proc . 29th ann . ieee symp . on foundations of computer  
tracking stocks ra robinson computerworld  
implementing a generalized access path structure for a relational database system t haerder acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
panoramaexcerpts : extracting and packing panoramas for video browsing y tanigushi a akutsu y tonomura proc . acm multimedia  
from welfare to work : summary jm gueron e pauly cm lougy  1991.0 
pattern recognition : statistical structural and neural approaches r schalkoff   
unitary representations of ( g k ) - pairs connected with the infinite symmetric group s ( â ?? ) gi olshanskii algebra i analiz  
exceeding the datatlow lit via value prediction mh lipasti jp shen proc . of 29th international symposium on  
lagrangian support vector machine classification ol mangasarian dr musicant journal of machine learning research  
einsatz und fusion von multisensoralen satellitenbilddaten zur erfassung von waldinventuren aa darvishsefat  1994.0 
border crossings : transnational movements for alternative development and radical democracy in the jh bandy phd university of california santa barbara  
dynatnics of glassy polytner melts in confined geotnetry : a monte carlo simulation j baschnagel j. phys . i france 1996.0 
combinatorial auctions for supply chain formation mp wellman we walsh f ygge proc . of acm ec  
the tenth text retrieval conference ( trec-2001 ) gaithersburg em voorhees dk harman md  
transformation behavior of a ti50ni47fe3 cm huang m meichle mb salamonâ ? ¦  1983.0 
analysis of nonlinear resonance in rotated y-cut quartz thickness-shear resonators hf tiersten proc . 29th annual freg . control symposium  
java object serialization specification revision 0.9 s microsystems found  
aramemnon : a novel arabidopsis thaliana integral membrane protein database : plant physiol r schwacke a schneider e van der graaff k  2002.0 
parameter free bursty events detection in text streams gpc fung jx yu ps yu h lu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
reducing the steiner problem in an a 3-geometry plane gh lin gl xue submitted for  
â ?? update semantics for incomplete databasesâ ?? s ablteboul g grahne proc 1985 vldb  
study of triaxial creep testing method and model for creep deformation on sedimentary soft rocks [ a ] k hayano m matsmoto proc . of the 29th symp . of rock mechsl ] : [ sn ] 1999  
xtract : a system for extracting document type descriptors from xml documents m garofalakis a gionis r rastogi s seshadri k sigmod conference 2000.0 
accessibility law evokes cheers fears s lais computerworld  
on first-order formulations of the leastsquares finite element method for incompressible flows t tsang x ding   
rc autonomous circuits with chaotic behaviour p bernat   
advances in laboratory testing to quantitatively describe sediment-water interactions jm brannon te myers water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
locally weighted regression c atkeson a moore s schaal artificial intelligence review  
a comparsion of q-ary tree algorthims for collision resolution p mathys memo of afip eth zurich switzerland ( nov. .  
efficient storage and querying of sequential patterns in database systems a nanopoulos m zakrzewicz t morzy y information & software technology 2003.0 
the case for enhanced abstract data types r ramakrishnan p seshadri m livny proc . of vldb  
a new sql-like operator for mining association rules . int . m. vijayaraman ap buchmann c. mohan r meo g psaila s ceri proceedings 22nd international conference on very large data  
face to virtual face n magnenat-thalmann p kalra m escher proc . ieee  
age effect on survivability of smes based on the survival index value ( siv ) model a abouzeedan m busler the proceedings of the 25 thinstitute of small business & hellip ;  
images of anrâ ?? s g kozlowski unpublished  
microsoft windows security for windows xp and windows 2000 inside out redmond e bott c siechert wash : microsoft  
a constraint-based tool for the pagination of yellow-page directories wh graf s neurohr r goebel procs . of ki96 workshop on declarative constraint & hellip ;  
the colonial situation : a theoretical approach g balandier see ref  
the synthesis of heat shock and normal proteins at high temperatures in plants and their possible m altschuler jp mascarenhas see ref  
our spin on persistent java tm : the javaspin approach a kaplan ga myrestrand jve ridgway jc wileden   
heterogeneous constraint solving f benhamou lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
six sigma the pragmatic approach ( 2 nded . ) lund : studentlitteratur k magnusson d kroslid b bergman  2003.0 
a framework for the performance analysis of concurrent b-tree algorithms t johnson d shasha proceedings of the ninth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1990.0 
considerations and methodology for the preparation of data files jc fortune jk mcbee new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
l song n. marcon b. wilson â ?? m shim vivo near-infrared ranian spectroscopy : demonstration of & hellip ;  
composing mappings among data sources a halevy j madhavan proceedings of the conference on very large databases & hellip ;  
service relocation in programmable networks 2003 t fuhrmann m scholler m zitterbart submitted for  
microsoft asp . net . das entwicklerbuch h schwichtenberg  2002.0 
optimizing spatial min/max aggregations d zhang vj tsotras the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
dual outer approximation methods for concave programs and reverse convex programs pt thach h tuy   
pharmacologic management of hypertensive crisis in the emergency department jj foley journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
update propagation strategies to improve data freshness in lazy master schemes e pacitti e simon vldb journal 1999.0 
â ?? the strip rule system for efficiently maintaining derived data & rdquo b adelberg h garcia-molina j widom proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . management of data  
history and multimedia technology . media corner . b mitchell-powellâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
a fast algorithm for training support vector machines j platt technical report microsoft research  
the wellington formation in oklahoma go raasch  1946.0 
staggered striping in multimedia information systems rr muntz x ju acm sigmod  
join and semi-join algorithms for a multiprocessor database machine pv vald841 g gardarin acm-tods  
james wu . a logic for object-oriented logic programming m kifer proc . acm sigact-sigmod symp . on principles of database  
on-to-knowledge : semantic web enabled knowledge management j davies d fensel f van harmelen  2002.0 
determinants of social distance among east african tribal groups mb brewer journal of personality and social psychology  
microsoft terraserver : a spatial data warehouse tbjgd slutz arxiv preprint cs.db / 9907016 1999.0 
an adaptive web site for the um2001 conference e schwarzkopf   
eternal values for a changing society s ranganathananda  1971.0 
trusted third parties in electronic commerce pj skevington tp hart bt technology journal 1997.0 
dividing pcs and workstations v39 r nass computerworld  
oxygen uptake rate of immobilized growing hybridoma cells y shirai k hashimoto h yamaji h kawahara applied microbiology and biotechnology 1988.0 
keram a majdic o grewen ae noware z no . i  
model selection and inference : a practical information-theoretic approach : springer-verlag kp burnham dr anderson new york  
d. suciu storing semistructured data with stored a deustsch m fernandez sigmod int &#39; s conf . on management of data  
the self-study as a chariot for strategic change rr martin k manning ja ramaley new directions for higher education 2001.0 
detecting deception from the body or face p ekman wv friesen journal of personality and social psychology  
the toshiba tiooo ibmâ ?? s academic computing conference and sparc pcs by l any press ram test v write i speed pc  
paradise : a database system for gis applications . acms anthology p edition   
resolving the tension between integrity and security using a theorem prover s mazumdar dw stemple t sheard   
metabolism of vasopressin l share t kimura k matsui re shade jt crofton fed proc 1985.0 
a brief survey of web data extraction tools as da silva js teixeira sigmod record 2002.0 
mocha : a self-extensibledatabase middleware system for distributed data sources manuel rodrä ± guez - cp universityofmaryland   
fisheye menu selection b bederson proc . acm uist  
charney . d. wojahn p. & kim . l. ( 1994 ) . distributed collaborative writing : a comparison of spoken c neuwirth r chandhok proceedings ofthe acm chi  
singular convolution integrals with operator-valued kernels t hytonen l weis   
managerial skill development ja waters the academy of management review 1980.0 
c. mohan speaks out : on r * message queues computer science in india how aries came about life as m winslett acm sigmod record 2004.0 
how many errors remain in a software after insepction ? sg eick cr loader md long sa vander wiel lg proceedings of the 25 thsymposium on the  
version modehng concepts for computer-aided destgn databases r katz e chang r bhateja acm sigmod  
efficient locking for shared memory database systems ld molesky k ramamritham  1994.0 
query-initiated discovery of interesting association rules j yoon l kerschberg   
paul krugman 's geographical economics and its implications for regional development theory : a r martin p sunley economic geography 1996.0 
from consensus standards to evidence of claims : assessment and accreditation in the case of teacher fb murray new directions for higher education 2001.0 
contracts and member checks in qualitative research in human geography : reason for caution ? m bradshaw area 2001.0 
dlfferenhal files then apphcatlon to the mamtenance of large databases d severance g l & man acm trans on database systems l ( 3 ) sept  
principles of bone biology lf bonewald jp bilezikian lg raisz ga rodan  1996.0 
work first : how to implement an employment focused approach to welfare a brown new york : manpower demonstration research corporation march  
adopting strategies to speeding rural labor transferring s yang access at  
metrical task systems the server problem and the work function algorithm m chrobak ll larmore lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
maps one-regular graphs and half-transitive graphs of valency 4 d marusic r nedela   
long-term trends in the ionosphere and upper atmosphere parameters : results derived in the wp 1.5 of j bremerâ ? ¦ natl. obs . of athens spetses island greece  
high-level copper feeding of swine and poultry and the ecology gk davis federation proceedings vol 33 2 tab 25  
a multi-agent system to support location-based group decision making in mobile teams h lee ma buckland jw shepherdson bt technology journal 2003.0 
web content adaptation to improve sever workload behavior t abdelzaher n bhatti computer networks  
the denodo data integration platform a pan j raposo m alvarez p montoto v orjales vldb 2002.0 
query optimization in the presence of limited access patterns d florescu a levy sigmod conference 1999.0 
the evolution of host-parasite interaction pr day ja barrett ms wolfe see ref  
amajorityconsensus approachtoconcurrency controlformultiplecopies databases rh thomas acm trans . on database systems  
demonstration of hydrolases z lojda & hellip ; papousek f. : histochemical demonstration of enzymes . brno & hellip ;  
subject-matter differences in secondary schools : connections to higher education ss stodolsky pl grossman new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
london 1991 m artin ph algebra   
realtime learning and control using asynchronous dynamic programmming ag baro sj bradtke sp singh technical report 91-57 university of massachusetts at amherst  
socialization of teaching assistants aq staton al darling new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
mandrill pd walsh microsoft windows  
dan duchamp . ip-based protocols for mobile internetworking [ a ] j ioannidis proceedings of acm sigcomm  
sedimentpetrographische und stratigraphische untersuchungen in den oberostalpinen mittelkreide - r gaupp technical university mã 1/4 nchen  
an approach to integrating and creating flexible software environments supporting the design of kl bellman   
supporting schema evolution jf roddick sigmod record 1992.0 
a procedure for sailing performance analysis based on full-scale log entries and towing test data je kerwin  1974.0 
the powerset algebra as a result of adding programming constructs to the nested relational algebra m gyssens d van gucht proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
beyond valence in the perception of likelihood : the role of emotion specificity d desteno re petty dt wegener dd rucker journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
a credit-based flow control algorithm for broadband access networks s song computer networks 2000.0 
some surface subgroups survive surgery to appear d cooper d long university of california santa  
performance assessment of the lead user idea-generation process for new product development gl lilien pd morrison k searls m sonnack e von management science 2002.0 
erp flops point to user 's plans c stedman computerworld  
adaptive fuzzy median filter p yu cs lee proc int symp artificial neural networks 1993.0 
relations of the neo-pi-r ( neo-ffi ) dimensions of to sense of coherence ( soc ) and other measures of mp wissing mm du toit proceedings of the 23rd international congress of applied & hellip ;  
the definition and measurement of evaluation quality as a management tool e chelimsky new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
compensating networks for sliding-mode control . g roberto  1995.0 
planning : the current context . jd millett new directions for higher education 1980.0 
parallel disk assembly packs 1.5 gbytes runs at 4 mbytes/s n mokho electronic design  
integrating the clinical approach into pedagogy courses . n nutter new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
computing joins of relations lr gotlieb proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1975.0 
prophylatic syntometrine versus oxytocin for delivery of the placenta s mc donald wj prendiville d elbourne cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
editorial : method engineering and meta-modelling s brinkkemper s joosten information and software technology  
estar pstar and astar : computer programs for calculating stopping-power and range tables for mj berger js coursey ma zucker   
practical lessons in supporting large-scale computational science r musick t critchlow sigmod record 1999.0 
function-based representation of complex geometry and appearance q liu a sourin   
evaluation of concurrency control strategies for mixed soft real-time database systems ky lam tw kuo b kao tsh lee r cheng   
antidepressants versus placebo for people with bulimia nervosa ( cochrane review ) j bacaltchuk p hay cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
secure spontaneous device authentication t kindberg k zhang proc . acm ubicomp  
bin packing with discrete item sizes part ii : average case behaviour of first fit eg coman ds johnson pw shor rr weber unpublished manuscript  
silicon flow sensors bw van oudheusden   
director research & venturing bt cto bt technology journal 2004.0 
analysis of infinite arrays of probe-fed rectangular microstrip patches using a rigorous feed model jt aberle dm pozar iee proceedings 1989.0 
dealing with roles m fowler proceedings of  
invariants bisimulations and the correctness of coalgebraic refinements b jacobs lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
ocr puts pages in your pc '' a poor pc magazine  
towards a taxonomy of intrusion-detection systems h debar m dacier a wespi  1999.0 
distributed system requirements modeling with message sequence charts : the case of the rmtp2 l helouet information and software technology 2003.0 
campaign address computer ethics â ?? voidâ ?? m betts computerworld  
research directions in data base management systems d tsichritzis acm sigmod record 1977.0 
viral prophylaxis in hepatic transplantation : preliminary report of a randomized trial of acyclovir pz nakazato w burns p moore r garcia-kennedy transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
next century challenges : scalable coordination in sensor networks der govindan proc . acm/ieee conf . mobicom &#39; 99  
efficient processor allocation scheme with task embedding for partitionable mesh architectures j srisawat na alexandridis procs . of intâ ?? l conf . on computer applications in industry  
an attempt to extend the ati technique to estimate convective rain volumes using satellite data ( ( aa doneaud jr miller conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
transboundary environmental problems with a mobile population : is there a need for central policy ? m hoel p shapiro   
towards a cooperative activity model-the coopertive activity model m rusinkiewicz w klas t tesch j wasch p muth proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;  
population dynamics of a few dominant plant species around industrial complexes ak sahu s panda west bengal india . bombay natural history society journal  
paper presented at the annual meeting of the society for neuroscience ma good a johnson d bannerman n rawlins r san  
ftp : the family transition program : final report on florida 's initial time-limited welfare program d bloom  2000.0 
domestic violence in the emergency department : how do women prefer to disclose and discuss the sr hayden ed barton m hayden journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
moving assessment forward : enabling conditions and stumbling blocks tw banta new directions for higher education 1997.0 
towards a wide spectrum language to support program specification and program development fl bauer m broy r gnatz w hesse b krieg - acm sigplan notices 1978.0 
the hot-blooded insects b heinrich  1993.0 
william kentâ ?? s reply to the universal relation revisited w kent acm transactions on database systems  
current research on real-time databases o ulusoy sigmod record 1992.0 
uniformitarian assumptions and language evolution research fj newmeyer the transition to language  
implementing xquery 1.0 : the galax experience m fernandez j simeon b choi a marian g sur proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
the stability of behavior : i. on predicting most of the people much of the time s epstein journal of personality and social psychology  
the role of dynamic changes in blood perfusion and optical properties in thermal coagulation of the b kim sl jacques s rastegar s thomsen m proc . spie 1995.0 
significance of coagulation-flocculation and filtration operations in wastewater reclamation and t asano g tchobanoglous rc cooper   
james wu . a logic for object-oriented logic programming ( maierâ ?? s o-logic : revisited ) m kifer proc . of the acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ;  
some locally 3 { arc transitive graphs constructed from triality m giudici ch li ce praeger   
hamiltoniens periodiques sur les varietes symplectiques compactes de dimension 4 geometrie m audin proceedings  
dan suciu stream processing xpath quedes with predicates ak gupta  2003.0 
actual versus assumed differences in construal : '' naive realism '' in intergroup perception and rj robinson d keltner a ward l ross journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
the chronicle data model hv jagadish is mumick a silberschatz procs . of the acm symp . on principles of database systems  
toward logical data independence : a relational query language without relations d maier d rozenshtein sc salveter j stein ds   
temporal inferences in medical texts kk obermeier proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ; 1985.0 
presence and task performance : a registry centered approach . technical sketch k mania a chalmers t trosianko r hawkes proceedings of acm siggraph conference  
what drives quality at intel ? hg willett electronic  
bref a large vocabulary spoken corpus for french lf lamel jl gauvain m eskã © nazi proc . eurospeech  
nunamiut ethnoarchaeology : academic press lr binford san diego  
dispersing is isnâ ?? t an answer nd meyer computerworld  
supporting mobility in content-based publish/subscribe middleware l fiege fc gartner o kasten a zeidler lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
breaking down the barriers with speech w head speechtek proceedings  
intravenous conscious sedation monitoring guidelines ja snyder journal of emergency nursing 1992.0 
the complexity of the random reals l yu d ding r downey   
anti-leukotriene agents compared to inhaled corticosteroids in the management of recurrent and/or fm ducharme gc hicks cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
stability of discrete linear inclusions-part ii l gurvits  1997.0 
explaining and forecasting results of the self-sufficiency project c ferrall   
nuclear safety in handling radioactive wastes containing fissioning material vs vnukov ov sichkaruk li chkuaseli at .  
spruce-fir forests of eastern north america ps white cv cogbill ecological studies 1992.0 
outrunning the pack in faster product development d reinertsen electronic design  
effects of sequential context on judgments and decisions in prisonerâ ?? s dilemma game i vlaev n chater   
applications of parametric searching in geometric [ 4 ] hv jagadish . a retrieval technique for similar pk agarwa m sharir s toledo proc . of the acm sigmod  
johns hopkins university baltimore j lebowitz md  
discovering all most specific sentences by randomized algorithms . acms anthology   
design and evaluation of parallel pipelined join algorithms jp richardson h lu k mikkilineni proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
gender and the emergence of leaders : a meta-analysis ah eagly sj karau journal of personality and social psychology  
parallel processing network for adaptive controllers yz chang   
metkit academic package m russell m bush information and software technology 1993.0 
a generic approach to bulk loading multidimensional index structures j van den bercken b seeger p widmayer proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
reduction in electron irradiation damage to organic compounds by conducting coatings sm salih ve cosslett phil . mag  
revolutionary change theories : a multilevel exploration of the punctuated equilibrium paradigm cjg gersick the academy of management review 1991.0 
discovery of hidden profiles by decision-making groups : solving a problem versus making a judgment g stasser d stewart journal of personality and social psychology  
optimal signature extraction and information loss c faloutsos s christodoulakis acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
collaborative ontology construction for information integration r fike w pratt technical repor ksl-95-63 stanford university knowledge & hellip ;  
testing containment of conjunctive queries under functional and inclusion dependencies ds johnson a klug proceedings of the 1st acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1982.0 
vera : an architecture for extensible routers . s karlin l peterson computer  
taxonomy of trust : categorizing p2p reputation systems s marti h garcia-molina computer  
induction of lignitication in response to fungal infection y asada t ohguchi i matsumoto see ref  
high resolution wind fields retrieved from sar in comparison to numerical models j horstmann w koch s lehner   
performance analysis of several back-end database architectures rb hagmann d ferrari acm transactions on database systems 1986.0 
effects of threats to attitudinal freedom as a function of agreement with the communicator s worchel jw brehm journal of personality and social psychology 1970.0 
restructuring large classes to create communities of learners j macgregor new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
modular acyclicity and tail recursion in logic programs ka ross proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1991.0 
distributed power balancing with limited control data flow kh lam ws wong submitted for  
a transactional model for long-running activities u dayal m hsu r ladin vldb 1991.0 
sagas ksh garca-molina proc . of the sigmod international conference on management & hellip ;  
answer -- reason extraction in a parallel relational database . ms th . ( draft copy ) dept. comptr . sci. p powell md  
nefclass-xâ ?? a soft computing tool to build readable fuzzy classifiers d nauck r kruse bt technology journal 1998.0 
short acting beta agonists for recurrent wheeze in children under 2 years of age r chavasse p seddon a bara m mckean cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
moving formal methods into practice : the vfsm experience ar flora-holmquist mg staskauskas submitted for  
the political economy of american bankruptcy : the evidence from roll call voting 1800-1978 e berglof h rosenthal unpublished  
lepton flavour eigenstates do not exist if neutrinos are massive : â ?? neutrino oscillationsâ ?? jh field   
crystallinity effects in the electron microscopy of polyethylene aw agar fc frank a keller phil . mag  
w. hardebeck he & moffet acs readhead cr lawrence st myers wl sargent  1989.0 
sa methodologies for the design of negotiation protocols for e-markets m bichler computer networks  
evaluation of a novel â ?? intelligentâ ?? dosing system for optimizing fk 506 therapy j mcmichael w irish j mccauley r shapiro r transplant proc 1991.0 
searching large lexicons for partially specified terms using compressed inverted files j zobel r sacks-davis   
selberg trace formula for psl ( 2 r ) : volume 2 da hejhal  1983.0 
packet classification algorithms for gigabit internet routers tv lakshman d stiliadis proceedings of acm  
education through geography : knowledge understanding values and culture f slater geography-london - 1994.0 
experience 6th east-european conference on advances in databases and information systems ( adbis ) m grinev s kuznetsov lncs  
tissue concentrations of clozapine and its metabolites in the rat rj baldessarini f centorrino jg flood sa neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
paralleslism : the new imperative in computer architecture . tutorial notes j gray international conference of very large databases vldb  
redefining instructional materials : social science 2000 connections challenges choices . curriculum r wadeâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
multiplexed pipelined microcomputers h sullivan submitted for publication  
lynx life extension activities in the royal netherlands navy jg van der horst l melissant european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
an evaluation of processes that influence variation in abundance of a coral reef fish js shima  1999.0 
kerola ( 1998 ) '' towards deeper co-understanding of software quality i tervonen information and software  
the piazza peer data mgt project i tatarinovâ ? ¦ sigmod rec  
a methodology for generating and evaluating alternative operation sequences . 1992 sk gupta ds nau g zhang submitted for  
long-term movie popularity models in video-on-demand systems m bar c griwodz l wolf proceedings of acm multimedia conference  
case study of risk management incremental development and evolutionary prototyping g tate j verner information and software technology 1990.0 
estimating the selectivity of spatial queries using the a belussi c faloutsos correlation '' fractal dimension '' proc . 21st vldb conf  
multinet : connecting to multiple ieee 802.11 networks using a single wireless card v bahl p bahl r chandra   
clustering herds across country borders for international genetic evaluation ka weigel r rekaya   
high-performance string searching : how a smart algorithm can make a big difference j prosise pc magazine  
separation and biostimulation of soybeans using high-intensity electric fields r morar a iuga l dascalescu v neamtu i proc . int . conf . modern  
rate adaptation transcoding for precoded video streams z lei nd georganas   
0 . shmueli . event specification in an active object-oriented database nh gehani hv jagadish proc . of the 1992 acm sigmod intl. conf on the management of  
sambaâ ?? agent-supported visual interactive control for distributed team building and empowerment n mehandjiev br odgers bt technology journal 1999.0 
the disproof of the special theory of relativity 23 monis kyccou st td mitsopoulis papagou athens greece  
estimating attributes : analysis and extensions of relief i kononenko lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
activation policies in the nordic countries : social democratic universalism under pressure h johansson journal of european area studies 2001.0 
cultivation of seaweeds for hydrocolloids waste treatment and biomass for energy conversion jh ryther ja deboer be lapointe proc . int . seaweed symp  
self fibring in predicate logics dm gabbay   
andc . mohan . functionalitiesand limitationsofcurrent workflow management systems g alonso d agrawal a elabbadi technical report ibm almaden research center 1997 . to appear  
scalable high speed ip lookups m waldvogel g varghese j turner b plattner proc . acm  
managers as initiators of trust : an exchange relationship framework for understanding managerial em whitener se brodt ma korsgaard jm werner the academy of management review 1998.0 
a hierarchical bayes approach to variable selection for generalized linear models x wang ei george   
st. chuang and n. mckeown â ?? architectures and algorithms for a load-balanced switch â ?? i keslassy  2003.0 
development and application of a mathematical model of wave action on steep slopes ' nwh allsop jv smallman rv stephens proc . 21st int . conf . on coastal engineering asce malaga & hellip ;  
report on the ifcifoundation : 8 thannual risk management roundtable p blum  2002.0 
development of flip chip csp package hp pu yc tsai yp wang td her at  
b2b e-commerce revisited : leading perspectives on the key issues and research directions i participants electronic markets 2002.0 
reviews section v organisations journal of european area studies 2001.0 
information technology and organizational change : causal structure in theory and research ml markus d robey management science 1988.0 
oxide-induced defects in nial hl fraser mh loretto re smallman rj wasilewski phil . mag. 1973.0 
lossless image compression : a comparative study nd memon k sayood   
entropic discretization of a quantum drift-diffusion model s gallego f mehats submitted for  
moby : an architecture for distributed expert database systems j bein r king vldb 1987.0 
an empirical study of design evolution in a software system w li l etzkorn c davis j talburt information and software  
does coping help cm aldwin ta revenson journal of personality and social psychology  
fault detection isolation and diagnosis in multihop wireless networks l qiu p bahl a rao l zhou   
markov fields on finite graphs and lattices jm hammersley p clifford unpublished manuscript  
in stereochemical applications of gas-phase electron diffraction ls bartell hargittai  
optimization techniques for unstructured data p buneman s davidson g hillebrand d suciu a proc . of sigmod san diego  
where were we : making and using near-synchronous pre-narrative video sl minneman sr harrison   
on the integration of the thermo-elastic equations jn goodier phil . mag  
continuous versus interrupted sutures for perineal repair c kettle rb johanson cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
on the complementarity of workflow management and business process modeling s jablonski acm sigois bulletin 1995.0 
stankovic . on real-time transactions a john  1988.0 
introducing the internet : challenges to teachersâ ?? authority and classroom management skills j lynch proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the association & hellip ;  
modeltng concept8 for vlsi cad objecte ds batory w kim acm transactions on database systems ( 10 )  
jumping on the nii bandwagon x qian sigmod record 1994.0 
teg : a high-performance scalable multi-network point-to-point communications methodology ts woodall rl graham rh castain dj daniel mw lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
mexicoâ ?? s progresa : using a poverty alleviation program as an incentive for poor families to invest p gertler ja rivera s levy j sepãºlveda submitted for  
embedded deterministic test for low cost manufacturing test j rajski j tyszer m kassab n mukherjee r   
antispyware : adware and spyware are a growing nuisance and threat j clyman pc magazine  
the collegium : community as gathering place ce orlando new directions for higher education 2000.0 
introducing microsoft . net 2003 ds platt microsoft  
the mainstreetxpress 36190 : a scalable and highly reliable atm core services switch ep rathgeb computer networks 1999.0 
on two-dimensional indexability and optimal range search indexing l arge proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst 1999.0 
mosaico-a system for conceptual modeling and rapid prototyping of object-oriented database m missikoff m toiati sigmod conference 1994.0 
sagas h garcia-mohna k salem proc acm sigmod conf may  
parameter identification of linear systems using nonlinear noninvertible measurements ds bayard m eslami proceedings of the 23rd  
null values in data base management a denotational semantics approach y vassiliou proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
technology demonstration plan cm reynolds field demonstration of rhizosphere-enhanced treatment of & hellip ;  
random forests l breiman machine learning 2001.0 
kelp growth on an ocean farm in relation to fertilizing v gerard w north proc . int . seaweed symp  
broadband in the home ke nolde bt technology journal 2002.0 
order flow trading costs and corporate acquisition announcements j conrad cm niden   
introns and gene evolution sj de souza m long w gilbert genes to cells 1996.0 
a newly emerging customer premises paradigm for delivery of network-based services dl waring kj kerpez sg ungar computer networks  
recovery of high current arcs at higher voltages f unger-weber thesis technical university braunschweig  
parallel processing : a smart compiler and a dumb machine ja fisher jr ellis a nicolau   
functional implementations of continuous modeled animation ( expanded version ) c elliott   
resolution approchee du probleme de set packing bi-objectifs x delorme x gandibleux f degoutin   
the role of prostacyclin in vascular tissue s moncada jr vane fed proc 1979.0 
combined chemotherapy and radiotherapy ( without surgery ) compared with radiotherapy alone in w rebecca m richard cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
understanding motor events : a neurophysiological study g pellegrino l fadiga l fogassi v gallese g experimental brain research 1992.0 
speech recognition - making it work for real f scahill je talintyre sh johnson ae bass j bt technology journal 1996.0 
emulsion polymerisation fk hansen j ugelstad piirma i.  
the use of 2 4-dp to improve fruit size in citrus m agustã v almela m aznar j pons m el-otmani proc int soc citriculture  
information literacy : overcoming barriers to implementation dw farmer new directions for higher education 1992.0 
effective clustering of complex objects in oo databases j bing r cheng ar hurson proc . acm sigmod conf.  
duality-based subsequence matching in time-series databases ys moon ky whang wk loh   
cost savings and collaboration drive b2b e-payments m trombly computerworld  
natural born targets : male hustlers and aids prevention in urban brazil p larvie see aggleton  
an extended relational database model for uncertain and imprecise information sk lee   
handbook of batteries . d linden   
adaptive stabilization of multivariable linear systems ci byrnes jc willems proceedings of the 23rd conference on decision and control & hellip ;  
airborne doppler radar study of the structure and three-dimensional airflow within a hurricane dp jorgensen fd marks conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
video transmission using 3d wavelet transforms as lewis g knowles electronic letters  
lessons from a '' living in a database '' graphical query interface d fogg proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1984.0 
el plan azul : el futuro de la cuenca mediterranea m grenon m batisse  1988.0 
videotape or film ? v mcpheeters j audiov media med 1978.0 
the plant visualisation system ( avis ) hd kochs j reichel h husemann demonstration at the  
ã?lv -1 electron accelerator for commercial use gi budker va gaponov bm korabelâ ?? nikovâ ? ¦ at .  
e cienttransient simulation of lossy interconnect jsrdo pederson proc . 28th acm/ieee dac jun  
using rough sets to study expert behaviour in induction of labour d parry wk yeap n pattison & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems 1998.0 
xenoantibody response of patients with severe acute liver failure exposed to porcine antigens a baquerizo a mhoyan h shirwan j swensson rw transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
ample growth seen for mini dbms market al morley computerworld  
mass \ \ ` o j. radke t. and shalf j. solving einstein 's equation on supercomputers g allen t goodale g lanfermann e seidel w ieee  
microsoft access fã 1/4 r windows j viescas  1994.0 
on the performance analysis of multi-dimensional r-tree-based data structures y theodoridis t sellis greece : national technical university of athens  
igra 0 elperin t editors . handbook of shock waves : theoretical experimental and numerical g ben-dor san diego : academic  
people and places in the laura ingalls wilder books p fritzer v bristor social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
exercise to improve self-esteem in children and young people e ekeland f heian kb hagen j abbott l nordheim cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
a theory of the plastic distortion of a polycrystalline aggregate under combined stresses jfw bishop r hill phil . mag  
fourth international conference on infrared physics ( cirp 4 ) fk kneubuhl ts moss zurich switzerland 22-26 aug. 1988 1988.0 
new strategies to promote stable employment and career progression : an introduction to the d bloom j anderson m wavelet kn gardiner me  2002.0 
sequence organization ea schegloff unpublished manuscript  
prolotherapy injections for chronic low back pain mj yelland ps del mc ml schoene cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
state of the art of commercial technology and research in workflow management a sheth   
a monte-carlo simulation of reproduction jc barrett see ref  
a formalism for consistency and partial replication m shapiro k bhargavan y chong y hamadi   
articulating the experience of transparency : an example of field research techniques ka holtzblatt s jones m good acm sigchi bulletin 1988.0 
â ?? programming microsoft visual c++ 5th edition â ?? dj kruglinskiâ ? ¦ microsoft  
ethical issues in the use of control groups rf conner new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
r bagrodia a. lee and m. gerla â ?? impact of channel models on simulation of large scale wireless m takai proceedings of acm/ieee  
housing the worker : the employment linkage as a force in urban structure je vance jr economic geography 1966.0 
structural colours j dyck proc . int . ornithol . congr  
lexical semantic relatedness and online new event detection ( poster session ) n stokes p hatch j carthy proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases s englert pj weinberger   
h ~ multivariable-control-law synthesis mj grimble   
web release date : november 16 2002 k lee h song jt park acc . chem . res 2003.0 
active rules for xml : a new paradigm for e-services a bonifati s ceri s paraboschi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
ballantine books m thompson   
a tight upper bound on the number of candidate patterns f geerts b goethals j van den bussche acm transactions on database systems 2005.0 
multiple channel model for the prediction of subjective image quality c zetzsche g hauske proc . spie 1989.0 
statistical gate delay model considering multiple input switching a agarwal f dartu d blaauw   
attachment styles among young adults k bartholomew lm horowitz journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
transplantation of human hepatocytes sc strom ws rubinstein ja barranger rb towbin transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
mining quantitative association rules in large tables r srikant r agrawal   
b fg johnson ( 1968 ) j lewis acc . chem . res  
combinatorial and experimental results for randomized point algorithms p raghavan s irani proc . 12th . acm . scg  
new and junior faculty stress : research and responses . md sorcinelli new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
integrating data mining with sql databases : ole db for data mining a netz s chaudhuri u fayyad j bernhardt & hellip ; 2001 . proceedings . 17th international conference on 2001.0 
ammar andellenw . zegura inter-receiverfairness : a novel performance measure for multicast abr mh tianjijiang proceedings of acm  
a layered approach to building open aspect-oriented systems p netinant t elrad m fayad communications-acm 2001.0 
non-monotonic reasoning in florid . pt kandzia lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
crossing the broadband divide t spangler pc magazine  
structure-sharing in lexical representation d flickinger c pollard t wasow proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ; 1985.0 
a remote control interface for large displays a khan g fitzmaurice d almeida n burtnyk g proceedings of acm uist symposium 2004.0 
my language my culture : international variations in standards for english jc stalker new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
signs make sense c smith  1990.0 
mechanisms of brain injury ta gennarelli journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
elxsi data management services exhibition program n whyte 10th vldb conference singapore  
on the performance of orthogonal source separation algorithms jf cardosoâ ? ¦   
far voxels : a multiresolution framework for interactive rendering of huge complex 3d models on e gobbetti f marton proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
a new standardized risk measure in investments [ a ] l chulin l ping w jianping proceedings of 2001 international conference on management & hellip ; 2001.0 
fear-provoking recommendations intentions to take preventive actions and actual preventive actions hp krisher iii sa darley jm darley journal of personality and social psychology 1973.0 
planning after the golden decade . lw bender new directions for higher education 1974.0 
bt healthnetâ ?? an early intranet case study aj frost bt technology journal 1997.0 
record-boundary discovery in web documents y jiang  1998.0 
scored her 50th all-time nwt point on april 3 rdvs v sunohara russia at  
relational data mapping in miqis ghl fletcher cm wyss proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
attachment style gender and relationship stability : a longitudinal analysis la kirkpatrick ke davis journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
managing a db2 parallel edition database g fe & au n york c ontario   
oros : toward a type model for software development environments wr rosenblatt jc wileden al wolf acm sigplan notices 1989.0 
a mm-cut placement algorithm for general cell asse : mblies based on a graph representation 16th acm u lauther san diego ca  
improved solutions to three dimensional packing problems wb dowsland & hellip ; conference on operations research athens greece june  
multiservice platforms for data services dj lewis on wheeler mj warner d newey s bt technology journal 1998.0 
database systems-breaking out of the box a silberschatz sigmod record 1997.0 
supplemental instruction in the content areas : humanities s zerger new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
introduction to nonlinear optical effects in molecules and polymers pn prasad dj williams  1991.0 
packet service in umts : delay-throughput performance of the downlink shared channel f borgonovo a capone m cesana l fratta computer networks 2002.0 
design of instructional illustrations in medicine . ce garrick j audiov media med 1978.0 
sensory and perceptual development hl pick ad pick see mussen  
using technology to learn from travelmates ' adventures . j braun c kraft social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
condylocephalic nails versus extramedullary implants for extracapsular hip fractures mj parker hhg handoll s bhonsle wj gillespie cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
poverty employment and policy-making in egypt : a country profile n el-ehwany h el-laithy  2001.0 
re mm abdel-mottaleb pcm grim fc de schryver c. meiners m. sieffert s. valiyaveettil k. s de feyter a gesquiere acc . chem . res  
improved fast correlation attacks on stream ciphers via convolutional codes t johansson f joensson lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
multimodal content-based structure analysis of karaoke music y zhu k chen q sun proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
link prediction and path analysis using markov chains rr sarukkai www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
ta training resources . dl wright new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
matching range images of human faces jc lee e milios   
synthesizing realistic computational grids d lu pa dinda proceedings of acm/ieee sc 2003 ( supercomputing ) 2003.0 
analysis of new variants of coalesced hashing wc chen js vitter acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 
sub - m-machining of metallic materials with femtosecond excimer lasers j ihlemann p simon g marowsky laseropto-stuttgart - 1999.0 
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ç ?? ç ?? ç ?? è § # å ?? æ?ºç ?? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # washington : tiger drs seattle  
guest editor 's introduction k aberer acm sigmod record 2003.0 
the logical framework method for defining project success d baccarini project management journal 1999.0 
corporate intrauets l erlauger pc magazine australia june  
vaginal misoprostol for cervical ripening and induction of labour gj hofmeyr am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
screening op colorectaal kanker in nederland : tijd om te starten . ( â ?? cocast-reportâ ?? ) instituut m van ballegooijen   
an empirical study of information technology outsourcing : benefits risks and performance l loh n venkatraman proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1995.0 
amdâ ?? s 486 clone ready but will it sell ? r pastore computerworld  
cache sensitive modulo scheduling j sfinchez a gonzilez procs . of 3oth int . symp . on microarchitecture  
the lie algebraic interpretation of the complete integrability of the rosochatius system in t ratiu aip conference procs  
a massive repository for the national medical knowledge bank wm sterling   
evolution of primate brains : a comparative anatomical perspective h stephan see tuttle  
mmse detection of cdma signals u madhow mi honig proc . int . symp . inform . theory  
s-plus 2000 release 1 . ms inc & hellip ; data analysis products division : seattle washington  
the recovery of dielectric strength of sf and air h oohashi jw spencer gr jones proc . 21st int . conf . phenomena in ionised gas  
vacuum ultraviolet spectroscopy iiacademic press jar samson dl ederer san diego  
on the efficiency of multicast r van der hofstad g hooghiemstra p van mieghem submitted for  
improving the effectiveness of strategic decision making using an integrated decision support system h bidgoli m attaran information and software technology 1988.0 
on the approximation of solutions of stochastic differential equations of elliptic type i gyongy t martä ± nez   
news video classification based on semantic attributes of captions i ide r hamada h tanaka s sakai proc . 6th acm international conference  
compressed suffix arrays and suffix trees with applications to text indexing and string matching r grossi js vitter   
development of the spatial judgement experimental task . jc moore jr  1965.0 
shaping school climate : school context adolescent social networks and attachment to school j moody ps bearman unpublished manuscript  
load mitigation in cellular data networks by peer data sharing over wlan channels k lee y ko t nandagopal computer networks  
online estimation for subset-based sql queries c jermaine a dobra a pol s joshi proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
usa wa seattle to appear  
comparison of transient ehl calculations with start-up experiments mja holmes hp evans rw snidle proc . 29th leeds-lyon symposium on tribology elseviers & hellip ;  
structure and function studies of cationic lipid non-viral gene delivery systems nl slack  2000.0 
a real-time multiple lane tracker for an autonomous road vehicle kp wershofen v graefe procs .  
outerjoin simplification and reordering for query optimization c galindo-legaria a rosenthal acm transactions on database systems 1997.0 
soil microbiol . biochem ea paul fe clark  1989.0 
mac graw hill 1993 j de burgos   
self-concordance at work : toward understanding the motivational effects of transformational leaders je bono ta judge academy of management journal 2003.0 
use of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( elisa ) for detection of citrus tristeza virus ( ctv ) in m cambra a hermoso de mendoza p moreno l proc . int . soc . citriculture  
the present status of our knowledge about pigeon homing hg wallraff proc . int . orn . congr  
ttp-a protocol for ft-rt systems h kopetz g grunsteidl ieee computer  
data compression and database performance g graefe l shapiro   
determination of prehospital blood glucose : a prospective controlled study jl jones vg ray je gough hg garrison journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
refining mappings from relational tables to ontologies y an a borgida j mylopoulos proceedings vldb workshop on the semantic web and databases & hellip ;  
data structure for association rule mining : t-tree and p-trees . f coene p leng s ahmed ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering  
receptor-induced translocation and activation of pkc-theta in t cells are mediated by a non - m villalbaâ ? ¦  2001.0 
self-directed learning r caffarella new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
coming back for more b mcwilliams computerworld  
political influence ec banfield   
van den bosch p. klopman g. and broekens rdnumerical simulation of wave motion on and in coastal vderm jw hah petit proceedings of the 23rd international conference on coastal  
estimating progress of execution for sql queries s chaudhuri v narasayya r ramamurthy proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
rich rewards : computerworldâ ?? s best places to work 1999 j wexler computerworld  
may-june 1989 o portland   
norm-based regularization of boosting . submitted to y guo p bartlett a smola rc williamson journal of machine learning research  
advances in telephony-based speech recognition m pawlewski bt technology journal 1996.0 
s. and nachmens s. '' cs4 -- a tool for database design by infological simulation '' b berild acm trans database syst . ( to be  
h. 4 . steinmetzer and a. yekta nj two p lechtken ne shore g schuster acc . chem . res  
bulking agents antispasmodic and antidepressant medication for the treatment of irritable bowel ao quartero v meineche-schmidt j muris g rubin cochrane database syst rev 2005.0 
attending physician coverage in a teaching hospital 's emergency department : effect on malpractice s press sa russell jc cantor e jerez journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
modeling and querying video data r hielsvold r midtstraum proceedings of the 20 thinternational conference on vldb  
stakeholders as deck chairs ca murray new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
â ?? towards sustainability of agriculture with the help of environmental appraisalâ ?? c la chapelle & hellip ; of the international conference â ?? rural management and & hellip ;  
translational diffusion of organic radicals in solution m terazima acc . chem . res  
optimal clip ordering for multi-clip queries tn raymond s paul vldb journal  
new lower bound techniques for robot motion ljlanning problems j canny jh reif proc . 29th ieee annual syrup . foundations of computer & hellip ;  
implementing xquery using tax hv jagadishâ ? ¦ tech . report u. michigan . june 2003 . in  
clomiphene citrate for unexplained subfertility in women e hughes j collins p vandekerckhove cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
issues and approaches for migration/cohabitation between legacy and new systems r nassif d mitchusson   
the global routingâ ?? a combinatorial design problem h fan p haxell j liu   
electronic brokerages for online investing p konana electronic markets 1999.0 
a consideration on normal form of not-necessarily-normalized relation in the relational data model a makinouchi vldb 1977.0 
multivalued dependencies with null values in relational data bases ye lien vldb 1979.0 
interactions between trace metals and aquatic organisms : a critique of the free-ion activity model pgc campbell metal speciation and bioavailability in aquatic systems 1995.0 
rt ng and j. sander . lof : identifying density-based local outliers mm breuing hp kriegel  2000.0 
the mental maps of children h matthews geography  
energy loss of protons channelling through very thin gold es machlin s petralia a desalvo r rosa f phil mag 1970.0 
efficient memory-reference checks for real-time java a corsaro rk cytron   
holistic twig joins : optimal xml pattern matching b nicolas k nick s divesh proc . of the acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . on management of data  
structure and function of the glycocalyx s ito fed . proc 1969.0 
mentoring in the technical disciplines : fostering a broader view of education career and culture rm marra rn pangborn new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
initial trials with commercial micropropagation of birch selections b mccown r amos proc int plant prop soc  
a framework of software measurement h zuse  1997.0 
core-peripheralitiy disparities recessionism in the european community d keeble geography  
estimating models with sample selection bias : a survey f vella the journal of human resources 1998.0 
yet another multicast ( yam ) routing protocol : specification version 1 k carlberg j crowcroft unpublished manuscript  
optimization of queries with user-defined predicates s chaudhuri k shim acm transactions on database systems 1999.0 
a radio echo apparatus for the delineation of meteor radiants a aspinall ja clegg gs hawkins phil . mag  
supporting executable mappings in model management s melnik pa bernstein a halevy e rahm proc . acm sigmod 2005.0 
a method for defining information structures and transactions in conceptual schema design h sakai vldb 1981.0 
a tool for software reliability modeling . w farr o smith procs . international simulation technology conference and  
changing responses to water resource problems in england and wales r cryer geography 1995.0 
a modest model of records inheritance and bounded quantification k bruce g longo   
optimal bird migration : the relative importance of time energy and safety t alerstam a lindstrã ¶ m bird migration : physiology and ecophysiology 1990.0 
techniques for solving graph problems in parallel pm hochschild ew mayr ar siegel proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on the foundations & hellip ;  
xml raises concerns as it gains prominence sj vaughan-nichols   
canonical view update support through boolean algebras of components sj hegner proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
infoharness : use of automatically generated metadata for search and retrieval of heterogeneous l shklar a sheth v kashyap k shah   
pleistocene mammals of north america : columbia university press b kurtã © n e anderson new york  
the roentgenographic findings associated with air embolism in sport scuba divers cp harker ts neuman lk olson i jacoby journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
g-whiz a visual interface for the functional model witk recursioa s heiler a rosenthal proc . 1 lth intl. conf . vldb stockholm sweden  
university of west florida . ab chaet new directions for higher education 1993.0 
query caching and optimization in distributed mediator systems ks candan y papakonstantinou vs subrahmanian proc . of the 1996 sigmod conference on management of  
designing an ultra highly available dbms o torbjornsen s bratsberg proceedings of acmsigmod conference dallas tx may  
race space and place : the geography of economic development ag mcfarlane san diego law review 1999.0 
flowcharting by stepwise refinement o ferstl acm sigplan notices 1978.0 
indentifying representation trends in massive time series data sets using sketches p indyk n koudas s muthukrishnan proc . of the 26th intâ ?? l conference on very large data & hellip ;  
queryby image and video content : the qbic system m flickner h sawhney w niblack j ashley q ieee computer  
modeling hyperdocuments using the topic map architecture m biezunski proc . int . hytime conference . vancouver  
performanceâ ?? a retrospective view nw macfadyen bt technology journal 2002.0 
ismt 157 nm reticle handling meeting t bloomsteinâ ? ¦ san diego  
algebraic change propagation for semijoin and outerjoin queries . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
sugarcane genome analysis with molecular markers a first decade of research adâ ?? hont jc glaszmann proc . int . soc . sugarcane . technol  
preserving spectral contrast in amplitude compression for hearing aids c juan c tejero cr janet proceedings of the 23rd annual embs international conference & hellip ;  
using spatial segregation measures in gis and statistical modeling packages dws wong wk chong urban geography 1998.0 
roadrunner : towards automatic data extraction from large web sites v crescenzi g mecca p merialdoâ ? ¦ vldb 2001.0 
reconstruction and interpretation of 3d body surface images l dekker bf buxton i douros t vassilev procs of scanning  
a structured approach for the definition of the semantics of active databases p fraternali l tanca acm transactions on database systems 1995.0 
set-serializability : a formal theory for partitioned data g alonso a el abbadi   
utility of the creatinine prior to intravenous contrast studies in the emergency department jc olsen b salomon journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
isolated venlafaxine-induced serotonin syndrome p kolecki journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
from dynamic ip transport service ordering to diffserv network configuration m brunner a gonzalez p martinez computer networks 2003.0 
labor shortage is real f hayes computerworld  
continuity and change in geography textbooks : perspectives from the 1930s to the 1960s we marsden geography  
fast mars . dept jh friedman  1993.0 
a geometric model for the thermodynamics of simple materials m dolfin m francaviglia p rogolino   
airway management of aeromedically transported trauma patients . dj o'brien df danzl mb sowers ea hooker journal of emergency medicine 1988.0 
views from the inside : results of the survey of aaea members on priorities for agricultural m ahearn h bahn p barry s cordes t hewitt g md  
the interpersonal theory of psychiatry hs sullivan   
special issue on sensor network technology and sensor data management v kumar acm sigmod record  
modelling business rules in an office environment p loucopoulos e katsouli acm sigois bulletin 1992.0 
m. rosenthal a. ( 1991 ) using semantic values to facilitate interoperability among heterogeneous es sciore acm transactions on database  
generalizing gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies . technicalreport l gravano h garcia-molina  1995.0 
academic press jd schmahmann j doyon aw toga m petrides ac san diego  
inferred values and the reverse-incentive effect in induced compliance jl freedman ja cunningham k krismer journal of personality and social psychology  
query execution techniques for caching expensive methods jm hellerstein jf naughton sigmod conference 1996.0 
irs project failures cost taxpayers $ 50 b annually gh anthes computerworld  
guest editor a dogac acm sigmod record special section on electronic commerce  
pseudo-random sequences and arrays fj macwilliams nja sloane ieee proceedings 1976.0 
aids in the elderly : new york city vital statistics tj gaeta c lapolla e melendez journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
forging the ties that bind : peer mentoring part-time faculty bj millis new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
integrating mining with relational databases : alternatives and implications s sarawagi s thomas r agrawal acm sigmod conference  
learning from examples with unspecified attribute values . tenth annual colt conference 231-242 sa goldman ss kwek sd scott  1997.0 
taking the risk and making a difference . s horn new directions for higher education 1988.0 
privacy-preserving data mining : developments and directions b thuraisingham journal of database  
broadcast disks : data management for asymmetric communication environments s acharya r alonso m franklin s zdonik sigmod conference 1995.0 
model-based region growing segmentation of textured images pw fung g grebbin y attikiouzel   
tutorial : partitioning of vlsi circuits and systems fr johannes proc . acm/ieee design automation conference  
concept 2010 djt heatley ib cockburn ft lyne ak williamson bt technology journal 1997.0 
the large deflection of simply supported beams hd conway phil . mag  
the concurrency workbench : a semantics-based verification tool for finite state systems r cleaveland j parrow b steen acm toplas  
xml and relational database management systems : inside microsoftâ ® sql serverâ ? cents 2005 m rys proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
optical wireless local area networks-enabling technologies pp smyth m mccullagh d wisely d wood s ritchie bt technology journal 1993.0 
code churn : a measure for estimating the impact of code change sg elbaum jc munson   
range queries in olap data cubes in : joan p ed ct ho r agrawal r megiddo r srikant proceedings of the international acm sigmod conference . acm & hellip ;  
runoff and sediment transport in an arid zone drainage basin kd sharma  1992.0 
robby and h. zheng . tool-supported program abstraction for finite-state verification m dwyer j hatcliff r joehanes s laubach c proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software  
on the power of magic c becri r ramakrishnan proc . acm pods  
exploiting prescriptive aspects : a design time capability ja stankovic p nagaraddi z yu z he b ellis proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
a theory of correct protocols for database systems ds fussell z kedem a silberschatz proceedings seventh international conference of very large  
model selection and inference : a practical information-theoretic approach kp burnham dr anderson  1998.0 
12 389â ± 395 ; f ) s. anderson hl anderson jkm sanders dhbji phenom acc . chem . res  
implementation and modeling of two-phase locking concurrency control - a performance study nb al-jumah hs hassanein m el-sharkawi information & software technology 2000.0 
utilization of mycorrhizal fungi in citrus nurseries ja menge h lembright elv johnson proc int soc citriculture  
sediment and water quality : a review of the literature including a suggested approach for water rn iwamoto eo salo ma madej rl mccomas  1978.0 
radio propagation for digital cordless telephones at 1700 mhz and 900 mhz fc owen cd pudney electronic letters 1989.0 
why sort-merge gives the best implementation of then natural join th merret sigmod record  
coral reef fishes : dynamics and diversity in a complex ecosystem : academic press pf sale san diego  
the collegiate ideal and the tools of external relations : the uses of high-profile intercollegiate jd toma new directions for higher education 1999.0 
a multisided generalization of bã © zier surfaces ct loop td derose acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 1989.0 
putting petri nets to work t agerwah ieee computer  
e ring spaces and e ring spectra jp may j tornehave n ray f quinn  1977.0 
natural hazard evaluation perception and adjustment dj parker dm harding geography  
the lean enterprise c jones n medlen c merlo m robertson j bt technology journal 1999.0 
defining and implementing fortran generic abstract data types wr collins kw miller information and software technology 1991.0 
semantics of relations and the decomposition process in the relational data model c delobel acm transactions on database systems  
ford extranet to spark loyalty m wagner computerworld  
a multiview video transcoder b bai j harms proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
note on eigenvalue computation comm jf andrus  1960.0 
seasonal population trends of adult stable flies . misc . public . 74 entomological society of america gl greene md  
building coalitions for faculty revitalization : the case of long island university 's brooklyn campus b braid new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
gain measurements in optically pumped far-infrared laser media a semet s obenschain nc luhmann jr & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
an open storage system for abstract objects s blott l relly hj schek sigmod conference  
book embeddings of graphs and a theorem of whitney pc kainen s overbay   
kryptographischer versand und kooperative befundung medizinischer bilddaten in java h schmidt h handels u knoppâ ? ¦ procs telemed  
hierarchical organization of personality and prediction of behavior sv paunonen journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
assessing field experiences jb puckett rs anderson new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
trypanocidal drugs for chronic asymptomatic trypanosoma cruzi infection jc villar ja marin-neto s ebrahim s yusuf cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
recombination and mammalian genome evolution a eyre-walker proceedings : biological sciences 1993.0 
gluing copies of a 3-dimensional polyhedron to obtain a closed nonpositively curved pseudomanifold d burago s ferleger b kleiner a kononenko proceedings-american mathematical  
tutorial : caching technologies for web applications c mohan 27th international conference on very large data bases ( vldb & hellip ;  
radioecological conditions on the territory of the shore-based technical bases of the far east va danilyan vl vysotskii aa maksimov at .  
register renaming and dynamic speculation : an alternate approach m moudgill k pingali s vassiliadis proc . 26th intâ ?? l symp . on microarchitecture  
securing distributed computing against the hostile host jh hine p dagger   
fortifying the '' fortress '' : immigration and politics in the european union rk jain international studies-bombay then new delhi - 1997.0 
logic-based web information extraction g gottlob c koch sigmod record 2004.0 
a specification-based functional testing method for jsp designed programs . rmf roper p smith information and software technology 1988.0 
palgrave 2001 . ix 218p . illus . [ 16 ] plates . notes . bibliog . index n york   
mastering test generation from smart card software formal models f bouquet b legeard f peureux e torreborre   
the development and enforcement of group norms dc feldman the academy of management review 1984.0 
the emperor 's new airway r walls journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
motor adaptation as an optimal combination of computational strategies j liu dj reinkensmeyer   
preisach diagrams and remanent properties of interacting monodomain grains dj dunlop phil . mag  
an effective class hierarchy concurrency control technique in object-oriented database systems c villena-heinsen j konig b von tongelen ak information and software technology 1998.0 
march 1996 . lifestreams : a storage model for personal data e freeman d gelernter acm sigmod  
depth-first generation of large itemsets for association rules r agrawal c aggarwal v prasad proc . 2000 acm knowledge discovery and data mining conf  
ams : a knowledge-based approach to tasks representation organization and coordination m tueni p fares  1988.0 
iga glomerular deposits in renal disease j berger transplant proc 1969.0 
who needs xml databases ? s cluet proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
a non-destructive momentum spread measurement with a 4-stripline beam position monitor in the j-parc s leeâ ? ¦ japanese ) procs . of the 1st annual meeting of particle  
ultra-wideband and its capabilities x gu l taylor bt technology journal 2003.0 
improving higher education : the need for a broad view of assessment pj gray rm diamond new directions for higher education 1989.0 
initial trust and the adoption of b2c e-commerce : the case of internet banking kk kim b prabhakar acm sigmis database 2004.0 
female fitness in drosophila melanogaster : an interaction between the effect of nutrition and of t chapman l partridge proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
perceptual and motor processing stages identified in the activity of macaque frontal eye field kg thompson dp hanes np bichot jd schall   
tools for printing indexes jl bentley bw kernighan   
the conversions of the jews a guttmann wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
assessment in the geography curriculum r daugherty geography  
virtual transnational teams and their use of advanced information technology km chudoba ml maznevski   
planning appropriate cervical cancer control programs . c herdman j sherris seattle washington : path  
correlation between self-efficacy and self-esteem in students jk mckenzie  1999.0 
research in picture study : the reaction of grammar school pupils to geographical pictures ilm long geography  
viki : spatial hypertext supporting emergent structure cm catherine ms frank hc james proc . acm  
xml stream processing using tree-edit distance embeddings m garofalakis a kumar acm transactions on database systems 2005.0 
oospec : an executable object-oriented specification language mn paryavi wj hankley   
a causal model of turnover for nurses jl price cw mueller the academy of management journal 1981.0 
engineering information systems ( panel session ) : builders and designers perspective n roussopoulos proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1986.0 
marshes mangroves and sea level rise . j pethick geography 1991.0 
partitioning before logic synthesis r camposano rk brayton proc . iccad  
model independentassertionsforintegrationofheterogeneousschemas s spaccapietra c parent y dupont vldb journal ( 1 ) ( 1992 )  
gastric rupture and massive pneumoperitoneum after bystander cardiopulmonary resuscitation sr offerman jf holmes dh wisner journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
source acm sigmod record archive a eisenberg acm sigmod record 2001.0 
fighting two pirates hg schaathun lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
register traffic analysis for streamlining inter-operation communication in fine-grain parallel m franklin gs sohi   
teaching social studies creatively . w solomon social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
quantum theory of the solid state part b j callaway academic san diego  
table of series integrals and products is gradshteyn im ryzhik academic san diego  
accounting for scale : measuring geography in quantitative studies of civil war h buhaug p lujala   
digital services in mobile computing b bhargava m annamalai e pitoura acm sigmod record  
acceptance testing rw miller ct collins   
a type-theoretic foundation of continuations and prompts zm ariola h herbelin a sabry   
auditory integration training and other sound therapies for autism spectrum disorders y sinha n silove d wheeler k williams cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
usd | a database management system for scientific research '' video presentation at the acm sigmod int rr johnson m goldner m lee k mckay r shectman conf . on management of data san diego  
channel state dependent scheduling policies for an ofdm physical layer using a binary state model j gross f fitzek   
model and verification of a data manager based on aries d kuo acm transactions on database systems 1996.0 
inhaled vs oral steroids for adults with chronic asthma b mash a bheekie pw jonesâ ? ¦ cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
grammar-based specification and synthesis for synchronous digital hardware design a seawright  1994.0 
. s. and tanca l. 1992a . automatic generation of production rules for integrity maintenance s ceri tech rep. 92-054 pohtecmco dl milano dlpartlmento di  
rethinking the product portfolio : a generalized investment model tm devinney dw stewart management science 1988.0 
an approximate max ow min cut theorem for multicommodity ow problem with applications to ft leighton s rao proc . 29th foundation of computer science ieee computer & hellip ;  
minority achievement : policy implications of research rl crain re mahard see hawley  
remarks in response to : '' issues in distributed data base management systems : a technical overview '' j rothnie conf . on vldb proceedings supplement : panelists &#39; statements & hellip ;  
continuous queries over append-only databases dtd goldberg d nichols b oke acm sigmod  
tilebars : visualizationoftermdistribution infulltext informationaccess ma hearst proceedings of acm  
commercial experience of sealed storage of bag stacks in indonesia yc nataredja rj hodges aciar proceedings no. 25 . fumigation and controlled & hellip ;  
greedy regular expression matching a frisch l cardelli lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
evaluating the effects of climate change on biological communities : integrating historical science rd sagarin university of california at santa barbara ( usa )  
afterword : reflections on the college presidency . d reisman new directions for higher education 1996.0 
symmetric hilbert spaces and related topics a guichardet   
naltrexone-buprenorphine interactions : effects on cocaine self-administration nk mello se lukas jh mendelson j drieze neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
phantoms in the representation theory ofâ ® finite dimensional algebras ' b huisgen-zimmermann preprint university of california santa barbara  
scaling global internet networks a howcroft bt technology journal 2000.0 
effective reformulations for task allocation in distributed systems with a large number of s menon knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
problem solving in the mathematics classroom : a socio-constructivist account of the role of students p eynde e de corte l verschaffel proceedings of 25 thannual conference for the psychology of & hellip ;  
icatect : integrating design tools for preliminary architectural design r amor msc thesis department of computer science victoria university  
data mining in economics finance and marketing hc jessen g paliouras   
analysis of a heuristic for full trie minimization d comer acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
autonomic arousal interpersonal climate and orality j masling roâ ?? neill es katkin journal of personality and social psychology 1982.0 
pulmonary venous air embolism following accidental patient laceration of a hemodialysis catheter - iy tien mj drescher journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
the building blocks for specifying communication of complex objects an activity-driver approach l ling  1996.0 
stochastic query optimization in distributed databases pe drenick ej smith acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1993.0 
languages for collection types v tannen proc . of the 13th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . on & hellip ; 1993.0 
mm weiner s. zamoscianyk and gj burke iofm elements   
olap + + : powerful and easy-to-use federations of olap and object databases . demonstrations proposal j gu tb pedersen a shoshani & hellip ; - sixth international conference on very large databases  
md 1979 stephen g. osofsky gc thrall md  
grappling with knowledge g gartner computerworld  
code scheduling and register allocation in large basic blocks jr goodman wc hsu proceedings of the 2nd international conference on & hellip ; 1988.0 
simultaneous diagonalization in the frequency domain ( sdif ) for source separation hc wu jc principe   
prospector : a content-based multimedia server for massively parallel architectures g au a biliris h chen s choo k ganapathy g sigmod record 1996.0 
a joint model of mode/parking type choice with supply-constrained application transportation ma bradley e kroes e hinloopen proceedings of seminar d held at the ptrc european transport & hellip ;  
versions of schema for oodbs w kim h chou proc . 14th vldb  
bikini-user adaptive news classification in the world web web s eilert a mentrup me mueller r rolf cr & hellip ; of the um2001 workshop on machine learning for user modeling  
individual environmental initiative : championing natural environmental issues in us business lm andersson ts bateman academy of management journal 2000.0 
the average norm of polynomials of fixed height p borwein ks choi to  
andk . shim . fastsimilarity search in the presence of noise scaling and translation in time-series r agrawal ki lin hs sawney proc . of  
cover your assets ma olson sigmod conference 1995.0 
kspc ( keystrokes per character ) as a characteristic of text entry techniques is mackenzie lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
principles of optics 6th ed . 1pergamon m born e wolf new  
winnowing : local algorithms for document fingerprinting s schleimer ds wilkerson a aiken sigmod conference 2003.0 
experimental study of 3-d contactless conductivity detection using microwave radiometry : a possible is karanasiou nk uzunoglu   
geometric algorithms and combinatorial optimization m grotschel l lovasz a schrijver  1988.0 
tioga : providing data management support for visualization applications '' in m stonebrakerâ ? ¦ proceedings of vldb  
ingham â ?? constructing reliable web applications using atomic actionsâ ?? sk little sj shrivastava db caughey computer networks  
characterizing the applicability of classification algorithms using meta-level learning p brazdil j gama b henery lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
approximate computation of multidimensional aggregates of sparse data using wavelets js vitter sigmod conference 1999.0 
the teaching assistant 's point of view . j boehrer e sarkisian new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
merging models based on given correspondences ra pottinger pa bernstein proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database discovery problem . 1994 l gravano hg molina a tomasic proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
. implementation of the rose algebra : e cient algorithms for realm-based spatial data types g rh proc . of the 4th intl. symposium on large spatial  
with jimenez l. ( 2003 ) can work incentives pay for themselves ? final report on the self-sufficiency r ford d gyarmati k foley d tattrie social research and demonstration  
sagas h garcia-molian k salem proc . acm sigmod  
negotiating a division of labor across the transition to parenthood es kluwer jam heesink e van de vliert  1998.0 
specifying and analyzing dynamic software architectures r allen r douence d garlan lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
sheldonj . finkelstein hamid pirahesh and raghu ramakrishnan . magic conditions is mumick proc . 9th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles  
adolescents ` parent and peer relationships t field m diego c sanders adolescence-san diego - 2002.0 
enabling dynamic content caching for database-driven web sites k selcuk ws li q luoand wp hsiung d agrawal acm sigmod conference  
encyclopedia of physical science and technology rj tedeschi  1992.0 
the east african mangrove trade s rawlins unpublished manuscript  
the federal investment in minority-serving institutions tr wolanin new directions for higher education 1998.0 
telepresent microassembly g reinhart o anton m ehrenstrasser c patron phantom users research symposium zurich switzerland  
abstract databases as information sources in economic geography k chapman h edmond area  
optimum fiber parameters of loss optical fibers for use in 1.55 î 1/4 m wavelength region y namihira y horiuchi h wakabayashi electronic letters  
random sampling from relational databases f olken d rotem proc . vldb &#39; 86 twelfth international conference on very large & hellip ;  
1920 ( ancestry . com . indiana marriage records index 1845-1920 . provo ut : ancestry . com 2000 . i marriages electronic '' book  
software development goes global gh anthes computerworld  
soil survey of worcester county wj latimer rfr martin mo lanphear massachusetts . technical report massachusetts department of  
modeling of visual-vestibular interaction and the fast components of nystagmus cgy lau  1978.0 
verification of the randomized consensus algorithm of aspnes and herlihy : a case study . technical a pogosyants r segala n lynch  1997.0 
agglomeration interorganizational networks and competitive performance in the us metalworking sj appold economic geography 1995.0 
us public opinion concerning the procurement and distribution of donor organs rw evans dl manninen transplant proc 1988.0 
pupil detection and tracking using multiple light sources . 1998 c morimotoâ ? ¦ ibm almaden research center : san  
a content-based authorization model for digital libraries nr adam   
multi-resolution video representation for parallel disk arrays t chiueh rh katz & hellip ; of the first acm international conference on multimedia 1993.0 
based blind source separation december 2001 : ica2001 conference s rickard r balan jrrt time-frequency san diego  
construction of l-lysine-overproducing strains of brevibacterium lactofermentum by targeted c fernã ¡ ndez-gonzã ¡ lez ja gil lm mateos a applied microbiology and biotechnology 1996.0 
hydroacoustic evaluation of juvenile salmonid fish passage at john day dam in summer 1989 . nmfs / bd mcfadden j hedgepeth  1990.0 
parametric databases : seamless integration of spatial temporal belief and ordinary data sk gadia sigmod record 1993.0 
i # . seress '' fast management of permutation groups lb bls e luks proc . 28th ieee eocs  
devs-doc : a co-design modeling and simulation environment hs sarjoughian bp zeigler dr hild ieee computer  
experimentelle und numerische untersuchungen von tropfendispergiervorgã $ ngen in komplexen laminaren sfm kaufmann phd thesis eth zurich switzerland  
mnras c pã © roux rg mcmahon l storrie-lombardi m irwin  2001.0 
erythropoietin synthesis by tumor cells in a case of meningioma associated with erythrocytosis p bruneval c sassy p mayeux mf belair   
dynamic voting for consistent primary components in proceedings of 16th acm symposium of principles d dolev i keidar e lotem santa barbara california  
quantization distortion in pulse count modulation with nonuniform spacing of levels pf panter w dite proc . ire  
on max-min fairness and scheduling in wireless ad-hoc networks : analytical framework and xl huang b bensaou proceedings 2001.0 
employing the periphery : the window as interface . chi '99 extended abstracts pittsburgh may 1999 r rodenstein acm press new  
measurement of distance and height in images based on easy attainable calibration parameters t bucher   
presenting to local and remote audiences g jancke j grudin a gupta   
multi-body simulation of a helicopter landing with skid landing gear in various attitudes and soil c caprile a airoldi a biaggi p mandelli european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
a more complicated protocol for ... j smith proceedings of acm sigcomm  
jp wolfe s. wagaw j.-f . marcoux und sl buchwald a ã?bersichtsartikel acc . chem . res  
intrinsic and extrinsic religiousness : review and meta-analysis mj donahue journal of personality and social psychology  
the glasgow coma scale gl sternbach journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
views as first-class citizens in object-oriented databases r alhajj f polat c yãlmaz the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
the mean charge state of solar energetic oxygen at 10 mev/nucleon pr boberg jh adams jr r beaujean nl grigorov proceedings of the 23rd international cosmic ray conference . & hellip ;  
models modeling and the design of the study s ransdell c hawkins r adams international journal of educational research 2001.0 
new truths and old verities ja ramaley new directions for higher education 2002.0 
consistency of the theory of contexts ( 2001 ) a bucalo m hofmann f honsell m miculan i   
the triune brain emotion and scientific bias pd maclean see schmitt  
fundamentals of an optimal multirate subband coding of cyclostationary signals d kula radioengineering-prague - 2000.0 
combining global codc and data compaction b de sutter b de bus k de bosschere s debray   
environmental control of hair and sporangial formation in the marine red alga acrochaetium ja west proc . int . seaweed symp  
polymer 19 255 crc press n thomas ah windle new york  
human spatial psychology : an investigation of the psychology of use restriction and attachment to ba thompson  1999.0 
mapping the iutemet h burch b cheswick ieee  
critical chain project scheduling : do not oversimplify w herroelen r leus e demeulemeester project management journal 2002.0 
approximate frequency counts over data streams gs manku r motwani vldb 2002.0 
robust vibration isolation via frequencyshaped sliding control and modal decomposition l zuo jje slotine submitted for  
l' e-lyee : coupling l'ecritoire and lyeeall . c rolland information & software technology 2002.0 
leveraging non-relevant images to enhance image retrieval performance r gupta s ghosal proceedings of the tenth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2002.0 
motivation and diversity : a framework for teaching rj wlodkowski new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
in their own voices : women learning about their own development c marienau new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
theory of difference equations : numerical methods and applications academic press v lakshmikantham d trigiante san diego  
weakly pinned random walk on the wall : pathwise descriptions of the phase transition stoch y isozaki n yoshida proc . appl  
periodic phenomena connected with gas-solid fluidization jw hiby proc . int . symp . on fluidization  
preparing students for assessment in the on-line class ml ford new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
sealed calls in java packages a zaks v feldman n aizikowitz   
the a-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional spaces using relative approximation y sakurai m yoshikawa s uemura h kojima vldb 2000.0 
caregiver burden in dementia : evaluation with a japanese version of the zarit caregiver burden n hirono h kobayashi e mori no to shinkei 1998.0 
stability of accelerating repetitive systems jb edwards   
how is abstract generative knowledge acquired ? a comparison of three learning scenarios tj nokes s ohlsson   
getting started with the darpa timit cd-rom : an acoustic phonetic continuous speech database . j garofolo md  
the partitioned-list approach jl wiener jf naughton obl revisited proceedings of the 21th international conference on very  
the fragile base class problem and its solution l mikhajlov e sekerinski   
reflection as vision : prospects for future literacy programming pa sissel new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
a comparative view of assessment centers : a case analysis rj klimoski wj strickland unpublished manuscript  
remote sensing and geostatistical analysis of anthropogenic biomass burning and forest degradation n matzke & hellip ; barbara california university of california santa barbara  
a randomized controlled trial of buffered lidocaine for local anesthetic infiltration in children dm fatovich ig jacobs journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
long-term dependence in trading e ghysels j jasiak unpublished manuscript  
a surface temperature and moisture parameterization for use in mesoscale numerical models paper cj tremback r kessler am . meteorol . soc. montreal canada june  
yu . d. tsvetkov and vv voevodskii ys lebedev kinetika i kataliz  
supporting shared data structures on distributed memory architectures c koelbel p mehrotra j van rosendale proceedings of the second acm sigplan symposium on & hellip ; 1990.0 
database updates through abduction '' 16th intl ac kakas p mancarella conf . on very large databases vldb bribane ( australia )  
design of a backend processor for a data base machine f bancilhon m scholl proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1980.0 
and pi aleshchenkov na dollezhalâ ? ¦ at . energ  
scaling replica maintenance in intermittently synchronized databases wg yee mj donahoo sb navathe proc . acm cikm  
pre-operative autologous donation for minimising perioperative allogeneic blood transfusion da henry pa carless aj moxey do ` connell ma cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
design and analysis of a flow control algorithm for a network of rate allocating servers university s keshav ak agrawala s singh md  
developing and managing adult education budgets . cg ericksen new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
proton nmr studies on human blood plasma : an application to cancer research ( abstract only ) m ala-korpela y hiltunen j jokisaari s proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
dynamic buffer allocation in video-on-demand systems sh lee ky whang ys moon iy song sigmod conference 2001.0 
striatal function and stereotyped behavior sd iversen see divac  
asymptotics in statistics lm le cam l marie gl yang   
reflections on action research jm peters new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
the role of the cio and it function in erp lp willcocks r sykes communications-acm 2000.0 
surveillance report # 54 : liver cirrhosis mortality in the united states 1970â ?? 97 . national f saadatmand fs stinson bf grantâ ? ¦ md  
customizable virtual private network service with qos lk lim j gao tse ng pr chandra p steenkiste h computer networks 2001.0 
computer-supported cooperative work : its history and participation j grudin ieee computer  
improving explicit congestion notification with the mark-front strategy c liu r jain computer networks 2001.0 
inclusion of young learners with disabilities in social studies . s freagon social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
kut : informal rotating credit in malaysia s ghazali area  
dallas to break ground for first dp trade center . b laberis computerworld. 1981.0 
automatic detection of ` goal ' segments in basketball videos s nepal u srinivasan g reynolds   
atmospheric correction algorithms for water quality surveillance vs hope dg hadjimitsis cri clayton proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the remote & hellip ;  
networked multimedia event exploration p appan h sundaram proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
digital rights management s web pc magazine 2004.0 
merge strategies for multiple case plan replay mm veloso lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
cytokine-inducible sh2 protein-3 ( cis3/socs3 ) inhibits janus tyrosine kinase by binding through the a sasaki h yasukawa a suzuki s kamizono t genes to cells 1999.0 
a study of career development programs in wisconsin municipal police agencies gl everts  2001.0 
internet use by vocational education teachers in idaho jc thompson jj connors proceedings of the 25 thannual national agricultural & hellip ;  
tomas : a system for adapting mappings while schemas evolve y velegrakis rj miller l popa j mylopoulos data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
tile hashing w litwin proc . of sigmod conf  
semantic integration of semistructured and structured data sources . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
the optimal retrieval start times of media objects for the multimedia presentation sw kim sj kim ti jeong sw yoo information & software technology 2001.0 
qos-aware bandwidth provisiong for ip network links h van den berg m mandjes r van de meent a pras submitted for publication february  
war gender and religion in tenth-century england : struggles for identity in anglo-saxon texts j grossman  1996.0 
social cognitive theory of organizational management r wood a bandura the academy of management review 1989.0 
psychometric theory ( 3rd ed . ) mcgraw-hill jc nunnally ih bernstein new york  
software firms unite aim to keelhaul pirates . m betts computerworld  
automatically organizing bookmarks per contents ys maarek i ben-shaul www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
mass flow-control on hydraulically driven disc spreaders h hesse g keuper proc . 29th annual symposium : actual tasks on agricultural & hellip ;  
pneumonic plague in a 15-year-old utah girl c cramer b christensen journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 
the ascendency of high-tech marketing wh davidow electronic business  
design and evaluation of incremental data structures and algorithms for dynamic query interfaces '' e tanin   
asymptotic distributions of instrumental variables statistics with many instruments j stock m yogo unpublished manuscript  
farming and nitrate pollution . t burt n haycock geography 1991.0 
of the office of extension work in the south noted â ?? in many cases incomes must be increased b knapp me cresswell see â ?? the effect of home demonstration work on the & hellip ;  
combinatorial auction design a pekec mh rothkopf management science 2003.0 
proving congruence of simulation orderings in functional languages d howe unpublished manuscript  
health care expenditures in india'in m. dasgupta et al. p berman  1995.0 
epidemiology n nathanson see ref  
mats ( metric/allen time system ) documentation . at & t bell laboratories 1991 . 12 my kim and j. song . h kautz proc . acm  
larger than life : itâ ?? s so nonlinear km evans university of wisconsin  
aspects of the natural history of melanostima pammelas ( pisces : zoarcidae ) htm lancraft  1982.0 
oracle industrial exhibit a pogue vldb 1998.0 
ress ) dynamic modeling ofnatural resource use academic press m ruth b hannon san  
the anatomy of collective failure in the netherlands a hoogerwerf new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
high contention in a stock trading database : a case study p peinl a reuter h sammer proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
generating dance verbs and assisting computer choreography cm hsieh a luciani proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
ayguad e e. heuristics for register-constrained software pipelining j llosa m valero proc . of the 29th annual int . symp . on microarchitecture (  
production of dense overflow waters feeding the north atlantic across the greenland-scotland ridge . c mauritzen deep-sea res . i 1996.0 
health administration . 2002 o safety   
a technique for high-performance data coinpression ta welch ieee computer  
a study to determine the levels of hopelessness in 18 year old students who do or do not smoke jr meinke  2000.0 
what after java ? from objects to actors ca varela g agha www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
a macro for converting mean separation output to letter groupings in proc mixed . p. 1243-1246 am saxton proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group inter . conf. & hellip ;  
classroom computing mj miller pc magazine november  
theoretical perspectives on instructional problems rj menges m svinicki new directions for teaching and learning  
os agents : using ai techniques in the operating system environment o etzioni hm levy rb segal ca thekkath seattle washington tech . rep. uw-cse-93-04-04 university & hellip ; 1993.0 
the provision of a sanctioning system as a public good t yamagishi journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
data management and graphics editing in the berkeley design environment d harrison p moore r spickelmier ar newton proceedings of ieee  
editorial v quint electronic publishing  
a rapidly moving small rock glacier at the lower limit of the mountain permafrost belt in the swiss a ikeda n matsuoka a kã $ ã $ b 8th international permafrost conference zurich switzerland  
on being optimistic about real-time constraints jr haritsa mj carey m livny proceedings of the ninth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1990.0 
stdoe/nrc nuclear air cleaning conference fj herrmann v motoi b herrmann a sctloor d san diego  
the pho 85 kinase a member of the yeast cyclin - dependent kinase ( cdk ) family has a regulation m nishizawa k suzuki m fujino t oguchi a toh-e genes to cells 1999.0 
femtosecond laser microscopy in biomedicine k konig laseropto-stuttgart - 2000.0 
inferred hinterlands : the example of new zealand seaports pj rimmer geography  
lucid synchrone a functional extension of lustre p caspi m pouzet submitted for publication 2000.0 
an efficient and cost effective technique for browsing and querying large video databases jh oh ka hua proceedings of acm  
autotrophic co 2 fixation in acetobacterium woodii g eden g fuchs archives of microbiology 1983.0 
social conflict social support and psychological distress : evidence of cross-domain buffering sj lepore journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
equi-depth histograms for estimating selectivity factors for multi-dimensional queries m muralikrishna dj dewitt sigmod conference  
locally adaptive dimensionality reduction for indexing large time series databases e keogh k chakrabarti s mehrotra m pazzani sigmod conference 2001.0 
the consumer needs in global electronic commerce a balfour b farquhar g langmann electronic markets  
fddi-m : a scheme to double fddi 's ability of supporting synchronous trac '' kg shin q zheng submitted for publication  
analysis of cache behavior in timeshared systems e peserico technical report computation structures group memo  
enhancing ambulatory surgical services : reforming referral processes outpatient management and pre - c mirco   
20-methyl vitamin d analogues g neef g kirsch k schwarz h wiesinger a menrad proceedings of the 9th workshop on vitamin d 1994 orlando & hellip ;  
approximate reasoning by agents in distributed environments a skowron proc . iat  
efficient algorithms for the inference of minimum size dfas al oliveira jpm silva machine learning 2001.0 
atm switching : a brief introduction l goldberg electronic design  
the network is the database : data management for highly distributed systems jc navas m wynblatt sigmod conference 2001.0 
a heartbeat mechanism and its application in gigascope t johnson s muthukrishnan v shkapenyuk o   
the forum project : network conferencing and its future applications j vallee computer networks  
theory of classification : a survey of recent advances s boucheron o bousquet g lugosi   
bor j and wilkinson h 1935 h lowery j bor phil . mag  
nature over nurture : temperament personality and life span development rr mccrae pt costa f ostendorf a angleitner m journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
do users dream of electronic libraries ? rl de prado electronic library 2000.0 
the consultant as personal change agent . jc goldberg new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
maximally flat lowpass filters realizable as allpass sums iw selesnick submitted for  
isomorphisms of generic recursive polynomial types m fiore   
students ' perceptions of large classes . dh wulff new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
fehling and saunders â ?? specification based computing environments â ?? m proc . 8th int r balzer d dyer vldb conf  
database research at the ibm almaden research center lm haas pg selinger sigmod record 1991.0 
continuously adaptive continuous queries over streams y liu   
sdl basics r brk computer networks  
distributed output feedback control of two-time-scale hyperbolic pde systems pd christofides p daoutidis applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
low power error control for wireless links c fragouli p lettieri m srivastava proc . 3rd acm/ieee mobicom  
should college presidents be educators ? . j silber new directions for higher education 1988.0 
selectivity estimation of complex spatial queries n mamoulis d papadias   
some proposals for evaluating systems of components in dimension reduction problems d gervini v rousson  2002.0 
alpha-lipoic acid alike anethole dithiolethione but in contrast to n-acetylcysteine stimulates j flier fl van muiswinkel cam jongenelen fm   
ecophysiology of the postfire regeneration in aleppo pine ( pinus halepensis ) forests en daskalakou  1996.0 
adaptive internal model for disturbance rejection and control m palaniswami   
analysis of growth rate in continuous time markets with transaction costs gn iyengar  1997.0 
introduction to the physical principles of differential geometry ld raigorodski pc stavrinos v balan  1999.0 
p57 ^ k ^ i ^ p ^ 2 expression in normal islet cells and in hyperinsulinism of infancy sa kassem i ariel ps thornton k hussain v diabetes-new york - 2001.0 
a platform for rapid composition of web services in a peer-to-peer environment qz sheng b benatallah proceedings of the 28th vldb conference hong kong china  
and a. wolf . report from the nsf workshop on workflow and process automation in information systems a sheth d georgakopoulos s joosten technical report university of georgia 1996 . available via url  
relations among concurrent-write prams ( preliminary version ) fe fich p ragde a wigderson proc . 3rd acm podc  
using semantically heterogeneous structures . rj miller acm  
study of implementation strategies of enterprise business reengineering f qiao h tian q wu r shen & hellip ; of international conference on management science and the & hellip ;  
holographic interferometry at the nasa-ames hypervelocity free-flight aeredynamic facility tc tamâ ? ¦ proc . aiaa 29th aerospace sciences  
masson ; 2004 . 352 pã ¡ gs fi barcelona   
transabdominal pre-peritoneal ( tapp ) vs totally extraperitoneal ( tep ) laparoscopic techniques for b wake k mccormack c fraser l vale j perez a cochrane database syst rev 2005.0 
microsoft index tuning wizard forsql server 7.0 s chaudhuri vr narasayya proc . of sigmod  
the choices before us : an administrator 's perspective on faculty staffing and student learning in gw reichard new directions for higher education 2003.0 
l. and eliã `` ns a.â ?? style sheet support for hypermedia documentsâ ?? j van ossenbruggen lr hardman proceedings of acm hypertext  
fluting mh b ohlen m. erwig cs jensen na lorentzos m. schneider and m. vazirgiannis . a g rh acm trans . database systems  
assessment of body composition with use of dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry : evaluation and md jensen ja kanaley lr roustâ ? ¦ mayo clinic proceedings 1993.0 
shifting boundaries and new technologies : a case study in the uk banking sector sv scott g walsham   
bipolar operation of power junction fieldeffect transistor bj baliga electronic  
molecular hydrogen and water vapour emissions in a global hydrogen energy economy w zittel m altmann procs . 11th world hydr . en .  
reminiscences of an indian official o cavenagh  1884.0 
extended algebra and calculus for nested relational databases ar mark fk henery acm trans on database systems  
programming windows 3.1 microsoft press books - c petzold   
simultaneous inferences in nonparametric functional estimation pb gilbert mr kosorok  2001.0 
groupweb : a www browser as real time groupware s greenberg m roseman   
green query optimization using query clustering e hensinger   
prophylactic oral antifungal agents to prevent systemic candida infection in preterm infants nc austin b darlow cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
industry perspectives on the impact of it and e-commerce k ruikar cj anumba pm carrillo proceedings of the 3rd international conference on & hellip ;  
kamath m ramamritham k towsley d ( 1994 ) buffer management for continuous media sharing in m kamath technical report 94-11 . university of massachusetts amherst  
analysis of dopamine diffusion in the extracellular space of the retina b wichern p rujan proceedings of the 23rd goã?ttingen neurobiology conference  
compression technique for large statistical data bases sj eggers f olken a shoshani 7 . conference on very large databases 1981.0 
sound support for collaboration w gaver   
minority-serving institutions : an overview em o'brien c zudak new directions for higher education 1998.0 
finding and preventing run-time error handling mistakes w weimer gc necula   
leo-db2 's learning optimizer m stillger g lohman v markl m kandil vldb 2001.0 
a primal-dual approximation algorithm for generalized steiner problems d williamson mx goemans m mihail vv vazirani proceedings of the 25 thannual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;  
j. . j. ordille . quering heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions ay levi a rajaraman proc . 22nd vldb conference bombay india  
a comparative overview : civic education across six societies p morris j cogan international journal of educational research 2001.0 
models of distributed systems km chandy   
water quality problems in baltic coastal waters : the odra river as a source of human pathogenic g schernewski t huttula wd jã 1/4 lich v podsechin   
infrared is blazing hot in pc parts design c bournellis electronic news  
adaptive method for range top-k queries in olap data cubes zx loh tw ling ch ang sy lee   
view management in multimedia databases ks candan e lemar vs subrahmanian the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
fads-a forms application development systela la rowe ka shoens acm sigmod  
evaluating behavioural change in transportâ ?? a case study of individualised marketing i ker b james proceedings of the 23rd australasian transport research & hellip ;  
programming challenges : the programming contest training manual ss skiena ma revilla acm sigact news 2003.0 
dã?couverte scientifique en ã?lectronique de puissance : un algorithme de gã?nã?ration utilisant les b robisson jg ganascia proceedings of confã?rence  
on the design and implementation of information systems from deductive conceptual models a olive vldb 1989.0 
suresha and k. ramamritham . proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world a datta k dutta h thomas d vandermeer proceedings of sigmod-2002  
thegarlicproject mt roth m arya lm haas mj carey wf cody r proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
giving thanks : observing thanksgiving kwanzaa and day of the dead mt dever jj barta social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
cullamã ¡ c alias del capitan grande . he rensch  1956.0 
adaptive data broadcast in hybrid networks k stathotos n roussopoulos js baras proceedings of the 23rd  
analyzing energy behaviorofspatialaccessmethodsformemory-residentdata n an a sivasubramaniam n vijaykrishnan mt the vldb journal  
genetic relationships of several aboriginal groups in south east asia le lie-injo see ref  
critical analysis of tools for computer-aided software engineering m crozier d glass jg hughes w johnston i information and software technology 1989.0 
pastry : scalable distributed object location and routing for large-scale p2p systems a rowstron p druschel proc . ifip/acm middleware  
artemis message exchange framework : semantic interoperability of exchanged messages in the v bicer gb laleci a dogac y kabak   
relative loss bounds for on-line density estimation with the exponential family of distributions ks azoury mk warmuth machine learning 2001.0 
efficient construction of regression trees with range and region splitting y morimoto h ishii s morishita machine learning 2001.0 
admission control and resource reservation for session-based applications in next generation m cuevas bt technology journal 2005.0 
modula a language for modular multlprogrammmg res rep 18 n wroth inst fur informauk zurich switzerland  
a database management system for the federal courts jr buchanan rd fennell h samet acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 
an agenda for human-computer interaction : science and engineering serving human needs g marchionini j sibert acm sigchi bulletin 1991.0 
a database platform for bioinformatics s banerjee proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
contexts and metamessages in object-oriented database programming language design m caruso e sciore proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
author : brooks pc pc brooks proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
â ?? down-regulation cm stoscheck g carpenter & hellip ; egf receptors : direct demonstration of receptor degradation & hellip ;  
drugs and human information processing e callaway r halliday h naylor l yano neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1994.0 
psychosocial support of trauma patients in the emergency department by nurses as indicated by kw moore ks schwartz journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
incremental execution of transformation specifications g sittampalam o de moor kf larsen   
social studies lessons integrating technology . pull-out feature i. p semrau ba boyer social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
a snapshot of public web services j fan s kambhampati sigmod record 2005.0 
court : disability law does n't apply to web p thibodeau computerworld  
clustering categorical data : an approach based on dynamical systems d gibson j kleinberg p raghavan the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
a normal form for xml documents acm tans m arenas l libkin database syst  
carbon and nitrogen compositions and physical characteristics of transition zone and lower mantle mt hutchison p cartigny jw harris proc . int . kimberlite conf. 7th  
work allocation challenges and solutions in a large-scale work management environment r laithwaite bt technology journal 1995.0 
fast timing simulation for submicron hot-carrier degradation w sun e rosenbaum sm kang time  
on the speedup required for combined input and output queued switching computer systems lab b prabhakar n mckeown technical report csl-tr-97-738 stanford university  
a unified approach to short-time fourier analysis and synthesis jb allen lr rabiner ieee proceedings 1977.0 
ordering fullerene materials at nanometer dimensions . dm guldi f zerbetto v georgakilas m prato acc chem res 2005.0 
objects and sql ( panel session ) : strange relations ? dr deutsch proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
deciding equality formulas by small domains instantiations a pnueli y rodeh o shtrichman m siegel lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
performance expectation versus reality lp van speybroeck d jerius rj edgar tj gaetz p proc . spie 1997.0 
beds mattresses and cushions for pressure sore prevention and treatment cochrane n cullum j deeks ta sheldon f song aw fletcher database . syst . rev  
reliability of quantum-mechanical communication systems wsl jane technical report 468 research laboratory of electronics  
andr . rastogi . querying and mining data streams : you only get one look m garofalakis j gehrke proceedingsof acm sigmod  
from the past secretary treasurer jd joyce acm sigmod record 1977.0 
distributed sensor networks for detection of mobile radioactive sources rj nemzek js dreicer dc torney tt warnock ieee transactions on nuclear science 2004.0 
core java 1.1 volume ii advanced features prentice hall c horstmann g cornell  1998.0 
refining initial points for km clustering p bradley um fayyad microsoft technical report 98-36 may  
early extubation for adult cardiac surgical patients ca hawkes s dhileepan d foxcroft cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
database machines syw su pb berra p fisher h chang s schuster g proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1978.0 
synovial hemangioma of the knee j forrest tw staple demonstration by arthrography and arteriography . ajr  
staffing policy as a strategic response : a typology of career systems ja sonnenfeld ma peiperl the academy of management review 1988.0 
factorizing complex predicates in queries to exploit indexes s chaudhuri p ganesan s sarawagi sigmod conference 2003.0 
artificial intelligence : hype or reality ? aa hopgood   
adaptive filtering in the frequency domain m dentino j mccool b widrow proc . ieee  
settlement renaming in turkish cyprus ' s ladbury r king geography  
no pervasive computing without intelligent systems sg thompson b azvine bt technology journal 2004.0 
learning to select good title words : an new approach based on reverse information retrieval r jin ag hauptmann   
the computational projection of ansa aj herbert acm press frontier series 1990.0 
issues in the transmission of monetary policy sn brissimis ns magginas gt simigiannis gs greeceâ ?? s economic performance and prospects '' athens . say & hellip ;  
alightweight 3d hmd with accommodative compensation t sugihara t miyasato proc . 29th soc . information  
performance analysis of whips incremental maintenance y zhuge h garcia-molina   
diana program version 2.1 . userâ ?? s manual and instructions p gã 1/4 ntert eth zurich switzerland  
inquiry into a trading center : the case of the cahokia empire . pull-out 2 . jm shiveley social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
object model in java : elements and application k saleh information & software technology 1999.0 
transfusion thresholds and other strategies for guiding allogeneic red blood cell transfusion sr hill pa carless da henry jl carson pc cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
cyber warfare : steganography vs. steganalysis h wang s wang communications-acm 2004.0 
nstat : a model-based real-time network intrusion detection system ra kemmerer   
the elastic range of friction js rankin phil . mag  
durability gap analysis for fiber-reinforced polymer composites in civil infrastructure vm karbhari jw chin d hunston b benmokrane t   
focus on folk tales . mg hickey social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
salmon.â ?? avalon : an alpha/linux cluster achieves 10 gflops for $ 150 k â ?? ms warren tc germann ps lomdahl dm beazley k proceedings ieee/acm  
magic sets and other strange ways to implement logic programs ( extended abstract ) f bancilhon d maier y sagiv jd ullman proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
mobile computing and databases : an ything new ? '' mh dunham a helal sigmod  
node replacement in hypergraphs : simulation of hyperedge replacement and decidability of confluence r klempien-hinrichs lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
chloride binding regulates the schiff base pk in gecko p521 cone-type visual pigment c yuan o kuwata j liang s misra sp balashov   
on rules procedures caching and views m stonebrakerâ ? ¦ proc . 1991 acm-sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
role theory differential association and compulsive crimes dr cressey see cavan  
epilogue : a cautionary note about on-line assessment rt bothel new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
a calixarene with four peptide loops : an antibody mimic for recognition of protein surfaces * ea chung tk venkatachalam aw czarnik acc . chem . res 1991.0 
kardamomâ ?? a dataflow database machine for real-time applications g von bultzingsloewen kr dittrich acm sigmod record 1988.0 
shuffles parallel processing data ic novel electronic  
move to single global erp system no easy task c stedman computerworld  
extending relational algebra and relational calculus with set-valued attributes and aggregate a functions acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
transformation : the missing link of mda a gerber m lawley k raymond j steel a wood lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
electronic payment systems pa putland j hill d tsapikidis bt technology journal 1997.0 
fb : an efficient scheduling policy for edge routers to speedup the internet access i rai g urvoy-keller e biersack unpublished  
bgp-ct : a first step towards fast internet fail-over m musuvathi s venkatachary r wattenhofer c  2000.0 
a method for interactive articulation of information requirements for strategic decision support l sun k liu information & software technology 2001.0 
an auditory model based transcriber of singing sequences lp clarisse jp martens m lesaffre b de baets h   
radial diffusion coefficients of galactic and anomalous cosmic rays in the heliosphere . z fujii fb mcdonald proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf 1999.0 
frequency and power windowing in tissue interactions with weak electromagnetic fields wr adey ieee proceedings 1980.0 
rialto : a bridge between description and implementation of control algorithms for wireless sensor a bonivento lp carloni a sangiovanni-vincentelli proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
collaborative analytical processing-dream or reality ? ( panel abstract ) wo ` connell a witkowski g graefe proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
groups as agents with mental attitudes g boella   
the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder : an evidence report . agency for healthcare ar jadad m boyle c cunningham m kim r schachar md  
a survey of approaches to automatic schema matching e rahm pa bernstein the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
20th conference on local computer networks c los alamitos computer networks 1995.0 
the handheld that beams b brown pc magazine  
new tasks for teachers : the changing personnel . re eckert new directions for higher education 1973.0 
kings in the back row : meaning through structure . a reading of salinger 's '' the catcher in the rye '' cf strauch wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
a methodology for designing toolkits for specification level verification of interval-constrained sm schorling dc rine information & software technology  
three approaches to the study of psychotherapy : process outcome and change . tm tomlinson  1963.0 
analysis of wildlife radio-tracking data : academic press gc white ra garrott san diego california  
tcp nice : a mechanism for background transfers a venkataramani r kokku m dahlin acm sigops operating systems review 2002.0 
constructions and bounds for splitting systems d deng dr stinson pc li ghj van rees r wei   
adaptive self-optimising pole shifting control algorithm op malik   
gate matrix optimization using simulated annealing ( abstract only ) h raittinen j niittylahti k kaski oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
results from two years of owl surveys in the chequamegon/nicolet national forest a paulis  2002.0 
making database systems fast enough for cad applications d maier acm press frontier series 1989.0 
simulation of the impact on water of a sub-floor component and full-scale wg30 helicopter 58 thahs n pentecote a vigliotti montreal canada june  
learning strategies for learning technologies ch olgren new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
dealing with heterogeneity in stardust : an environment for parallel programming on networks of g cabillic i puaut lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
the oceans asia publishing house shuj mw rh fleming bombay india p  
robert alexander falla ( 1901â ?? 1979 ) kbe cmg ma rk dell  1980.0 
a. ellis john r. ruttenberg john . c. and nicolau alexandru . parallel processing : a smart j fisher proc . acm  
an overview of data warehousing and olap technologies s chaudhuri u dayal acm sigmod record  
auditory representations in phonology es flemming  2002.0 
tree queries : a simple class of relational queries n goodman o shmueli acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1982.0 
john hopkins press : baltimore b mc elroy md  
what is a â ?? largeâ ?? number of parameters in robust systems ? j ackermann w sienel   
a dbms prototype to support extended nf 2 relations : an integrated view of flat tables p dadamâ ? ¦ proc . of the 1986 sigmod  
bilateral filtering for gray and color images '' int ' l conf c tomasi r manduchi comp . vis. bombay india  
isdl : instruction set description language version 1.0 g hadjiyiannis   
no. 1790 ; health and safety . 7kh 1rlvh dw : run 5hjxodwlrqv hmso london s instruments isbn  
the clustra telecom database s hvasshovdâ ? ¦  1995.0 
activex inside/out a denning microsoft  
operator scheduling in data stream systems b babcock s babu m datar r motwani d thomas the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia datasets c faloutsos k lin management of  
location-aware data broadcasting : an application for digital mobile broadcasting in japan k matsumura k usui k kai k ishikawa proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
acquisition method of ground control points for high-resolution satellite imagery t kadota m takagi   
context and collective action : four interactive building blocks for a family of explanatory theories e ostrom unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
indexing multimedia databases c faloutsos proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
a note and a checklist jr bryer wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
on the modes and meaning of feedback to transaction designers dw stemple s mazumdar t sheard   
data warehouse configuration d theodoratos t sellis vldb 1997.0 
darboux transformations and solitons vb matveev ma salle  1991.0 
with : microsoft unveils java converter kit w kilburn application development trends 2003.0 
impact of cyclosporine dose on long-term outcome after heart transplantation h valantine s hunt p gamberg j miller transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
the hb-tree : a multiattribute indexing method with good guaranteed performance b salzberg acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
organizational differences in managerial compensation and financial performance b gerhart gt milkovich the academy of management journal 1990.0 
rethinking the conference reviewing process mj franklin j widom a ailamaki pa bernstein d & hellip ; of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
a survey of approaches to automatic schema mapping e rahm pa bernstein the vldb journal  
an adaptive peer-to-peer network for distributed caching of olap results cwb technology hk kowloon   
the kinetics of capillary rise e rideal phil . mag  
seer cancer statistics review 1973-1990 national cancer institute . bethesda ba miller lag ries bf hankey cl kosary a md  
aries/lm : an efficient and high concurrency index management method using write-ahead logging c mohan f levine proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
sparking potentials at ultra-high frequencies j thomson phil . mag  
to double business bound . jz smith new directions for higher education 1994.0 
social loafing : a meta-analytic review and theoretical integration sj karau kd williams journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
how important are '' entry effects '' in financial incentive programs for welfare recipients ? : de card pk robins   
applied statistics : a handbook of techniques l sachs  1982.0 
saturation in electrical machines ' hcj jong & hellip ; conference en electrical machines athens greece & hellip ;  
the biogenesis of mitochondria in hela cells : a molecular and cellular study g attardi p constantino j england d lynch w see ref  
neutrinos and long-range weak forces in cosmology vb jhangiani ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1978.0 
bon the semantics of bnow ^ in databases j clifford ce dyreson t isakowitz cs jensen rt acm transactions on database systems tods  
burnout depression life and job satisfaction among canadian emergency physicians s lloyd d streiner s shannon journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
voltage-gated potassium channels in t lymphocytes-physiological role and changes in channel a teisseyre cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
a characterization of robust sunspot equilibria r garratt t keister   
indexing and retrieval strategies for natural language fact retrieval jl kolodner acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
oo oversold a evans information and software technology  
development of a new wall shear stress gauge for fluid flows y gur p leehey  1988.0 
enhanced spot noise for vector field visualization wc de leeuw jj van wijk proceedings visualization 1995.0 
improved current-gain cutoff frequency and high gain-bandwidth amplifiers in transferred-substrate d mensa  1999.0 
guest editorial : introduction ld dierking lmw martin science education  
handling fuzzy priority rules in a job-shop scheduling system g bel e bensana d dubois jl koning 3rd ifsa seattle washington usa . august  
and d. shasha p. oâ ?? neil . the dangers of replication and a solution jn gray p helland proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
comparison of interface state density in mis structure using deduced dlts and terman measurements e rosenecher d bois electronic letters  
localization at epimorphisms and quasi-injectives j lambek to  
the conference control channel protocol ( cccp ) : a scalable base for building conference applications m handley i wakeman j crowcroft proc . acm  
evaluating r & d performance at alcoa laboratories . wc patterson research management  
prefetching in realtime database applications h wedekind g zoerntlein proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1986.0 
fa : building light-weight wrappers for legacy web datasources using w4f a sahuguet proceedings of the international conference on very large  
efficient ? become superefficient k melymuka computerworld  
darwin and cross-cultural studies of facial expression p ekman see ref  
acoustics of classrooms in brazilian public schoolsâ ?? a case study in curitiba pht zannin cp loro proceedings of the seventh congrã ¨ s franã § ais d &#39; acoustique & hellip ;  
asynchronous parallel branch and bound and anomalies a de bruin gap kindervater h trienekens lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
deeds towards a distributed and active real-time database system s andler j hansson j eriksson j mellin m sigmod record 1996.0 
the polynomial complexity class with active membranes mj perez-jimenez a romero-jimenez f sancho -   
k. konolige â ?? â ?? blending reactivity and goal-directidness in a fuzzy controllerâ ?? â ?? a saffioti eh ruspini procs . of the second ieee conf . on fuzzy  
strategic factor markets : expectations luck and business strategy jb barney management science 1986.0 
editorial by sp sim and nj davies nj davies sp sim bt technology journal 1997.0 
measuring endogamy ak romney see ref  
energy of hydrogen bonds and shift of the bands of the stretching vibrations . of the c = o groups ba zadorozhnyi ik ishchenko opt . i spektr  
arousal and attraction : a response-facilitation alternative to misattribution and negative - jb allen dt kenrick de linder ma mccall journal of personality and social psychology  
updating xml i tatarnov zg ives ay halevy ds wed proceedings of sigmodâ ?? 01  
predicting bottleneck bandwidth sharing by generalized tcp flows a misra t ott j baras computer networks 2002.0 
inside window nt h custer  1993.0 
data management facilities of an operating system kernel h diel g kreissig n lenz m scheible b schoener acm sigmod record 1984.0 
flight test of arn-99 / v/2 omega navigation set in f-4 aircraft ej smith omega symposium 2 nd washington d. c proceedings 1974.0 
accelerate fpga macros with one-hot approach sk knapp electronic design  
andd . srivastava . holistictwigjoins : optimalxmlpatternmatching n bruno n koudas proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
a multiple criteria decision support system with considering userâ ?? s preference w liu yz lu proceeding of 98 international conference on management & hellip ;  
how to teach pivotal behaviors to children with autism : a training manual rl koegel a good l cerniglia c murphy lk   
theory of molecular liquids cg gray ke gubbins vol . i fundamentals  
kodama : mischievous echoes h yamakawa proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
quadratic optimal control of regular well-posed linear systems with applications to parabolic js olof  1998.0 
astron . & astrophys mp redman rjr williams je dyson tw hartquist  1997.0 
ohio university 's multidimensional institutional impact and assessment plan am williford new directions for higher education 1997.0 
patterns for application firewalls n delessy-gassant eb fernandez s rajput mm procs . of plop  
us firms look north for outsourcing help j viyayan computerworld  
substitution dynamical systems bratteli diagrams and dimension groups ergodic th . and dynam f durand b host c skau sys. to  
nonlinear adaptive torque-ripple cancellation for step motors d chen b paden   
applying traits to the smalltalk collection classes ap black n scharli s ducasse   
towards a richer web object model . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
coexistence and transformation of data ed falkenberg vldb 1977.0 
162 si architekten-verein sia betonbauten zurich switzerland  
khim ts sokolova li klimova za yaroslavtseva em volokna no . i  
incremental maintenance of schema-restructuring views a koeller ea rundensteiner   
sensory-motor fusion architecture based on high-speed sensory feedback and its application to a namiki m ishikawa   
satellite co-polar measurements at bt laboratories rg howell jw harris m mehler bt technology journal 1992.0 
the history of mental hygiene a deutsch see ref  
deadlock detection in distributed databases r culler   
morphmix : peer-to-peer based anonymous internet usage with collusion detection m rennhard   
indian materia medica vols 1 and 2 km nadkarni popular prakashan bombay india  
appreciating diverse learners in the social studies classroom . children 's literature . t mcgowanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
conceptual crossroads : methods and ethics in ethnographic evaluation dm fetterman new directions for program evaluation 1986.0 
i am . chem . soc . 1999 121 4982 ; g ) se denmark ra stavenger se denmark acc . chem . res  
anad rajaraman . implementing data cubes efficiently v harinarayan   
constructing and integrating data-centric web applications : methods tools and techniques s ceri i manolescu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
integration approaches for cim mc norrie   
conceptualizing and measuring organizational and psychological climate : pitfalls in multilevel wh glick the academy of management review 1985.0 
granularity hierarchies in concurrency control mj carey proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
on the complexity of mining quantitative association rules j wijsen r meersman data mining and knowledge discovery 1998.0 
harnessing perception of image quality to guide graphics rendering e horvitz j lengyel k larson m czerwinski technical report microsoft research technical report msr-tr-97 -  
implicationsof classical scheduling results for realtimesystems k ramamritham ja stankovic ieee  
agrawal r. ming generalized association rules [ c ] r srikant proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;  
design of h and controllers for induction motor drives yt kao th liu ch liu proc . 29th conf . decision and  
simulation design of a multiprocessing system ra merikallio fc holland proc . afips  
updating xml views of relational data xl dong p bohannon hf korth p narayan submitted for publication  
quiet : continuous query-driven index tuning ku sattler i geist e schallehn vldb 2003.0 
efficient i/o scheduling in tertiary libraries s prabhakar d agrawal a el abbadi a singh  1996.0 
the semantic web p bonner pc magazine  
autoerotic asphyxia in adolescents km kirksey m holt-ashley kl williamson ro garza journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 
an introduction to the bootstrap : chapman and hall b efron rj tibshirani new york  
shape and animation by example p sloan mf cohen   
politicized moral geographies rl bryant political geography 2000.0 
august 1998 . expiring data in a warehouse h garcia-molina wj labio j yang & hellip ; 24th intl. conference on very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 98 ) (  
connections between lighting impressions and presence in real and virtual environments k mania proceedings acm afrigraph  
engineering practice and codevelopment of product prototypes wl anderson wt crocca   
a method for describing information required by the database design process bk kahn   
acute and chronic toxicity of 75 pesticides to various animal species ee kenaga down to earth  
analysis of telomerase and telomeres jw shay d brasiskyte m ouellette ma piatyszek methods molecular genetics 1994.0 
graph algorithms for geometric constraint solving a lomonosov m sitharam  2004.0 
modulation features of galactic cosmic rays in 1982 ga bazilevskaya ns svirzhevsky yi stozhkov ev proc . 21st int . cosmic ray conf 1990.0 
session management in broadcast networks with dynamic addresses o sharon a segall computer networks 1999.0 
routing andadmissioncontrol in generaltopologynetworks r gawlick a kamath s plotkin k ramakrishnan technical report cs-tr-95-1548 stanford university may  
unsteady squeeze film derivation for incompressible fluid ja carretero technical report massachusetts institute of technology 2000 .  
in : fowler am ( ed ) infrared astronomical instrumentation bm swinyard mj burgdorf pe clegg gr davis mj proc . spie  
some applications of pq-groups in graph theory g exoo   
control and information in the intrapersonal sphere : an extension of cognitive evaluation theory rm ryan journal of personality and social psychology  
stochastic oscillations in gyrotrons mi airila o dumbrajs proc . 26th int . conf . infrared and millimeter  
a review of 300 attempted strangulation cases part i : criminal legal issues gb strack ge mcclane d hawley journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
gluconeogenesis and lipogenesis in tissue from ruminant and nonruminant animals fj ballard rw hanson ds kronfeld federation proceedings 1969.0 
computing the least common subsumer and the most specific concept in the presence of cyclic aln - f baader r kuesters lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
damage tolerance in helicopter airframes - is crack growth practical ? ml overd european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
the maple handbook d redfern  1993.0 
structure sharinginlexicalrepresentations ' pcwt flickingerd proceedings of the 23rd acl chicago  
on matching schemas automatically [ j ] bpa rahme vldb journal  
shared resource multiprocessing mj flynn a podvin ieee computer  
image filter design with evolvable hardware l sekanina lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
effect of lexical frequency on spoken-word recognition using eye movements d dahan js magnuson mk tanenhaus submitted for  
end-user development of expert systems : emerging technologies s wells t guimaraes & hellip ; resources management association international conference  
new breadboard for broadband design d mann electronic engineering  
embracing change with extreme programming k beck   
finding motifs with gaps m crochemore cs iliopoulos yj pinzon w rytter unpublished  
what makes a good co-evolutionary learning environment ad blair jb pollack & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems 1997.0 
bayesian network model for semi-structured document classification l denoyer p gallinari information processing and management 2004.0 
employer health insurance premium subsidies unlikely to enhance coverage significantly ( washington jd reschovsky j hadley lessons from a small business health insurance demonstration  
auto-tuned spline synopses for database statistics management ac konig g weikum   
beyond document similarity : understanding value-based search and browsing technologies . acms anthology sigmod record 2000.0 
deciding equivalences among aggregate queries w nutt y sagiv s shurin   
a deductive and object-oriented database system : why and how ? l vieille proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
dealing with temporal schema anomalies in history databases ng martin sb navathe r ahmed vldb 1987.0 
yu . a. matjugin vp chebotaev im beterov opt . i spektroskopiya  
cytochromes c : evolutionary structural and physicochemical aspects gr moore gw pettigrew  1990.0 
staying â ?? on messageâ ?? â ?? mapping from a to b z cui jw shepherdson y li bt technology journal 2003.0 
intelligent animated agents for interactive language training r cole t carmell p connors m macon j wouters unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
singular perturbation methods for ordinary differential equations re o'malley  1991.0 
recent progress in understanding minimax search df beal proceedings of acm annual  
coming to grips with staff development d harrington-lueker electronic learning 1996.0 
an integrated scheme for object-based video abstraction c kim jn hwang   
front-runner '' oa system aids white house staff . m betts computerworld. 1984.0 
the virtue of palladium-catalyzed domino reactions-diverse oligocyclizations of acyclic 2 - a de meijere p von zezschwitz s brase acc chem res 2005.0 
interaction of small molecule inhibitors of hiv-1 entry with ccr5 c seibert w ying s gavrilov f tsamis se submitted for  
navstar - global positioning system - ten years later ( invited paper ) bw parkinson sw gilbert ieee proceedings 1983.0 
mondrian : system for automatic generation of dataflow diagrams jb tremblay information and software technology 1989.0 
the labyrinth of kurdish selfdetermination h khashan international studies-bombay then new delhi - 1995.0 
visualization reference models ( panel position statement ) d bergeron proceedings of ieee visualization gm nielson and d. & hellip ;  
anycasting-based protocol for geocast service in mobile ad hoc networks yb ko nh vaidya computer networks 2003.0 
situations in life to support the use and modelling of municipal information systems wg bleek   
automating physical database design in a parallel database system j rao c zhang g lohman n megiddo  2002.0 
laser phase and frequency stabilization using an optical resonator rwp drever jl hall fv kowalski j hough gm ford applied physics b : lasers and optics 1983.0 
concurrency in the data warehouse r taylor proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
stanford graphics 2.1 lives up to its potential r miller pc magazine 1993.0 
a simultaneous maximum likelihood estimation of sequences for interfering synchronous channels lc barbosa  1987.0 
asr-bird observation program at german airports dmw ruhe   
nowa huta : a new polish iron and steel plant njg pounds geography  
the sensor spectrum : technology trends and requirements j hellerstein w hong s madden sigmod record 2003.0 
siegel man ss s greenstein ek fishman sl kaufman s kadir & hellip ; the retroperitoneum . ct demonstration . j computassit tomogr  
ferritins : dynamic management of biological iron and oxygen chemistry x liu ec theil acc . chem . res 2005.0 
enzymatic properties and autophosphorylation of the saccharomyces cerevisiae yak1 protein kinase s kassis r annan jc lee c creasy cellular and molecular biology letters 1998.0 
maximum lifetime data gathering and aggregation in wireless sensor networks k kalpakis k dasgupta p namjoshi   
work-load balancing in highly parallel depth-firstsearch a reinefeld   
clonal variation in four-yearold loblolly pine in coastal north carolina lj frampton da huber proceedings of the 23rd southern forest tree improvement & hellip ;  
spread spectrum rake detection with decision-feedback multipath cancellation . pg flikkema submitted for  
three perspectives on school reform a sen jb vaughn t flanagan new directions for program evaluation 1993.0 
should ganzfeld research continue to be crucial in the search for a replicable psi effect j milton part i  
decision by rules : disassociation between preferences and willingness to act o amir d ariely unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
future of equityâ ?? 2003 update mhr consulting june at  
foreword m reeve bt technology journal 2002.0 
remarks upon the law of complete radiation l rayleigh phil . mag  
cosmic ray effects caused by great disturbances of the interplanetary medium in 1990-1996 av belov ea eroshenko vg yanke proc . 26th int . cosmic ray  
designing the user interface : strategies for effective human-computer interaction third b shneiderman   
vision : visual vstore and o-algebra nh balkir y lin n yazdani g ozsoyoglu zm unpublished manuscript  
the relation between research and the scholarship of teaching mb paulsen new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
causal compactifications and hardy spaces for spaces of hermitian type f betten g olafsson   
a structural english query language dd chamberlin rfs boyce proc . acm sigmod workshop ann arbor mich. may  
a diffusion problem in which the amount of diffusing substance is finite ah wilson phil . mag  
the trillium user interface design environment da henderson jr acm sigchi bulletin 1986.0 
checkfree intuit microsoft . 1997 of exchange   
objectivity industrial exhibit . acms disc acms anthology p edition   
42nd interscience conference on antimicrobial agents and chemotherapy cl celum c renzi m fosterâ ? ¦ san diego ca  
immunotherapy for recurrent miscarriage jr scott cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
on parallel processing ofaggregateandscalar functionsinobjectrelationaldbms m jaedicke b mitschang proc . of acm sigmod  
farmer : finding interesting rule groups in microarray datasets g cong akh tung x xu f pan j yang 23rd acm international conference on management of data 2004.0 
industrial change m howard geography  
gibbs . concurrency control in groupware systems ca ellis j simon sigmod conference  
swiss re energy charter s re  1995.0 
subdivisions of k r + 2 in graphs of average degree at least r + '' and large but constant girth d kuhn d osthus   
mining association rules r agrawal r srikant proc . of the 21 stvldb conf . zurich switzerland  
why people self-verify wb swann jr a stein-seroussi rb giesler journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
preface for special section on integrated cognitive architectures je laird acm sigart bulletin 1991.0 
locating faulty code using failure-inducing chops n gupta h he x zhang r gupta proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
research articles and surveys j blakeley acm sigmod record 2005.0 
how to build a highly available system using consensus bw lampson lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
the department chair 's balancing acts wh gmelch new directions for higher education 2004.0 
warping indexes with envelope transforms for query by humming y zhu d shasha sigmod conference 2003.0 
estimating the support of a high dimensional distribution [ r ] . 1999 b scholkopf cp john st johnâ ? ¦ microsoft technical  
misconceptions about real-time programming ja stankovic ieee computer  
techniques and experiments illustrating drug metabolism gg gibson p skett introduction to drug metabolism  
research problems in genome databases n goodman   
honeycomb-automated nids signature generation using honeypots poster paper c kreibich proceedings of acm sigcomm  
calculating the heat-transfer crisis in steam generators heated by sodium pl kirillov vf titov ns smirnovâ ? ¦ at .  
a process model for data bases j guyot sigmod record 1988.0 
consistency concurrency and crash recovery acm-sigmod int ye lien pj weinberger conf on management of data austin texas  
local dimensionality reduction : a new approach to indexing high dimensional databases k chakrabarti s mehrotra proc . 26th int . conf . very large  
garcia-molina h. ( 2000b ) â ?? the evolution of the web and implications for an incremental crawlerâ ?? j cho   
the expanding brown bear population of slovenia : a chance for bear recovery in the southeastern alps m adamic international conference on bear research and management  
a system for detecting network intruders in real-time ( 1998 ) pv bro computer  
aspergillus parasiticus pksa a homolog of aspergillus nidulans wa is required for aflatoxin b 1 pk chang jw cary j yu d bhatnagar te cleveland submitted for  
cost models for overlapping and multiversion structures y tao d papadias j zhang acm transactions on database systems 2002.0 
fabrication and properties of n-channel sige/si modulation doped field-effect transistors grown by h daembkes hj herzog h jorke h kibble e kasper proc . int . electron devices meeting  
microsoft windows nt server 4.0 terminal server : technical reference bc cumberland a muir g carius  1999.0 
electronic commerce in india : the untapped potential s bhatnagar electronic markets  
a 1966 ieee trans g farral electronic  
ande . ruf . specializing shaders b guenter tb knoblock proceedings of acm  
failure resilient transaction management in multidatabases nshf korth a silberschatz ieee computer  
preferences in human mate selection dm buss m barnes journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
resource discovery in ad hoc networks d tang c chang k tanaka m baker   
modeling of test structures for efficient online defect monitoring using a digital tester c hess lh weiland san diego  
sh2 and sh3-containing adaptor proteins : redundant or independent mediators of intracellular signal rb birge bs knudsen d besser h hanafusa genes to cells 1996.0 
the obligatory earthquake insurance ( decree 587 ; 27.12 . 1999 ) draft paper m balamir middle east technical university ankara  
calcium supplementation on bone loss in postmenopausal women b shea g wells a cranney n zytaruk v robinson cochrane database syst rev  
water air and soil pollut bb hicks dd baldocchi tp meyers rp hosker jr  1987.0 
web services : problems and future directions h wang jz huang y qu j xie journal of web semantics 2004.0 
equestrian injuries : a five-year review gd hobbs dm yealy j rivas journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
interfacility transfer guidelines : an easy reference to help hospitals decide on appropriate sm boyko journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
aspects of the ecological impact of chondrus crispus ( florideophyceae ) harvesting in eastern canada jd pringle proc . int . seaweed symp  
ibm db2 spatial extender-spatial data within the rdbms dw adler proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
boundary-layer transition on a swept cylinder y kohama m ukaku f ohta proc . int . conf . fluid mech  
mining fuzzy association rules : an overview m delgado n marä ± n mj martä ± n-bautista d   
an d gray mc sanford i abel dl '' development and demonstration of a flutter suppression & hellip ;  
the function and meaning of work and the job : morse and weiss ( 1955 ) revisited rp vecchio the academy of management journal 1980.0 
zur selbstorganisation von solidarnetzwerken unter ungleichen r hegselmann wirtschaftsethische perspektiven i  
un environnement logiciel pour la synthã ¨ se de haut niveau dâ ?? applications dsp faible consommation e martin s gailhard n julien o sentieys  1997.0 
theory of serializablity for a parallel model of transactions r krishnamurthy u dayal proceedings of the 1st acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1982.0 
determinants of innovative behavior : a path model of individual innovation in the workplace sg scott ra bruce the academy of management journal 1994.0 
a retargetable compiler for ansi c cw fraser acm sigplan notices 1991.0 
management of schema evolution in databases 17th int j andany m leonard c palisser conference on  
a bounded retransmission protocol for large data packetsâ ?? a case study in computer checked jf groote j van de pol procs . of the 5 thamast conference munich  
new metric for object-oriented design jy chen jf lu information and software technology 1993.0 
environmental education social studies and education reform d simmons social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
persoonsgebonden budget verpleging & verzorging : arbeidsmarktpositie van zorgverleners februari f baarveld t miltenburg c ramakers   
transitive closure algorithm memtc and its performance analysis v hirvisalo e nuutila e soisalon-soininen   
guiding principles at triage : advice for new triage nurses pg zimmermann journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
stochastic techniques for resource management c brind c muller p prosser bt technology journal 1995.0 
techniques for software renovation mb si  1998.0 
the ccube constraint object-oriented database system a brodsky ve segal j chen pa exarkhopoulo constraints 1997.0 
displacement estimation by hierarchical block matching m bierling proc . spie 1988.0 
visual data mining tutorial da keim international conference on very large databases  
making ak 4-free graph bipartite b sudakov   
expert system stalks killers . aj ryan computerworld. 1987.0 
c. harford b. sarkar ã ? ã 1/4 ber das atcun-strukturelement acc . chem . res  
â ?? an optimal theory of concurrency control for databases ht kung ch papadimitriou proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
parallels in aviation and medicine d dotan unpublished  
inflow model for simulation of helicopter flight in dynamic ground effect h xin jvr prasad d peters european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
internal structure of chinese cities in the midst of economic reform ago yeh f wu urban geography 1995.0 
the euclidean distance transform : finding the local maxima and reconstructing the shape g borgefors i ragnemalm gs di baja procs . of the 7th scand . conf . on image analysis  
web site data sheet name : emre biringen city state country : c info  2003.0 
verification of the national weather service extended streamflow prediction procedure gn day le brazil cs mccarthy dp laurine proc . 28th conf . and symp . on managing water resources & hellip ;  
mini-units for teaching geography . pull-out feature : series 1 number 2 . s hicksâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1988.0 
usage-based readingâ ?? an experiment to guide reviewers with use cases t thelin p runeson b regnell information and software technology 2001.0 
students ' attitudes toward the responsibilities and barriers in doctoral study rc kluever new directions for higher education 1997.0 
active magnetic bearings-basics properties and applications g schweitzer a traxler h bleuler  1994.0 
voip : donâ ?? t overlook security . j vijayan   
the x-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional data . 22nd conf . on very large database 1996 s berchtold d keim hp kriegel bombay  
marttin ( 2001 ) floods fish and fishermen . eight yearsâ ?? experience with floodplain fisheries in gj de graaf af born amk uddin   
incremental updates of inverted lists for text retrieval a tomasic h garcia-molina k shoens proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of data minneapolis  
system alternatives for the public service satellite consortium ( health-education telecommunication jm janky jg potter bb lusignan & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1975.0 
interpolating subdivision for meshes with arbitrary topology d zorin p schroder w sweldens proceedings of siggraph 1996.0 
gezielt suchen und finden im internet markt + technik verlag mã 1/4 nchen 2001 g damaschke   
c and richard p â ?? the o 2 database programming languagesâ ?? r lecluse proceedings 15th vldb amsterdam aug  
the object filter and access control framework v hays m loutrel eb fernandez   
an overview of good j paredaens j van den bussche m andries m gemis acm sigmod record 1992.0 
stresses in a notched plate under tension fg maunsell phil . mag  
typed functional query languages with equational specifications kq pu ao mendelzon proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
how to support better software testing d gelperin am hayashi application development trends 1996.0 
reconsidering the use of race as an explanatory variable in program evaluation je davis new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
a computational model for the laminar flow boundary layer in a thermally driven vortex es wilbarger jr ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1980.0 
dislocation multiplication mechanism operating close to a surface o lohne o rustad phil mag 1972.0 
interpretation of leaching data for cementitious waste forms using analytical solutions based on rd spence hw godbee ok tallent ew mcdaniel cw international waste management conference 1991.0 
hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha induces cell cycle arrest of endothelial cells t iida s mine h fujimoto k suzuki y minami y genes to cells 2002.0 
applications of the java programming language to database management bf burton vw marek sigmod record 1998.0 
modelling processes controlling metal leaching from contaminated and remediated soils rnj comans jj dijkstra jcl meeussen d. halm & p. grathwohl ( 2003 ) proceedings 2nd workshop on & hellip ;  
evaluation and social justice : issues in public education . ka sirotnikâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation 1990.0 
murine monoclonal anti-idiotypic antibodies directed against human anti-alphagal antibodies prevent e koren fa neethling m kujundzic t kobayashi s transplant proc 1996.0 
subjective quality of television pictures with multiple impairments nw lewis ja allnatt electronic letters  
simultaneous file partitioning and index selection in a self-adaptive data base management system l wang  1978.0 
the behavior of polyisobutylene during melt shear ha pohl cg gogos   
held . g. the design and implementation of ingres m stonebraker e wong p kreps acm trans . database syst  
energy conversion conf mp generation d transmission athens-greece nov. .  
product recommendation systems : a new direction d bridge   
scripting : higher-level programming for the 21st century jk ousterhout ieee computer 1998.0 
mathematical framework of cone beam 3d reconstruction via the first derivative of the radon p grangeat mathematical methods in tomography 1991.0 
database tuning advisor for microsoft sql server 2005 s agrawal s chaudhuri l kollar a marathe v proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
user needs assessment and evaluation for the uc berkeley electronic environmental library project : a na van house proceedings of acm digital libraries &#39; 95 1995.0 
decision making in dose-response trials with adaptive two-stage designs t friede m kieser  1999.0 
incorporating hierarchy in a relational model of data hv jagadish   
design guidelines for user-friendly interface software sl smith jw mosier  1984.0 
de revolutionibus libri sex . nuremberg : petreius n copernicus   
defining ecoregions as framework for the assessment of ecological monitoring networks in germany by w schrã ¶ der g schmidt gate to ehs  
modeling tcp throughput : a simple model and its empirical validation computer communication review j padhyeâ ? ¦ proc acm gicjcomm  
den vakne jã $ garen : hur man engagerar alla i fã ¶ retaget i jakten pã ¥ stã $ ndiga fã ¶ rbã $ ttringar l nilsson  1999.0 
a case for dynamic view management y kotidis n roussopoulos acm transactions on database systems 2001.0 
attenuation basted correction of spectral backscattering in lake mã $ laren central sweden n strã ¶ mbeck & hellip ; workshop on imaging spectropscopy zurich switzerland  
the six dimensions of standards : contribution toward a theory of standardisation 7th e baskin k krechmer mh sheriff international conference on management of technology  
sirio : a distributed information system over a heterogeneous computer network c costilla mj bas j villamor acm sigmod  
usa january 1973 ny york   
xseq : an indexing infrastructure for tree pattern queries x meng y jiang y chen h wang proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
thirteenth annual report of the state fish commissioner to the governor of the state of washington tr kershaw seattle washington  
game-theoretical control problems nn krasovskii ai subbotin  1987.0 
solar activity cycles and natural states of the heliosphere hs ahluwalia proc . 21st int . cosmic ray conf 1990.0 
an earthworm population and activity survey of selected agronomic areas in minnesota dj fuchs dr linden unpublished manuscript  
fortran 90 arrays r bernecky acm sigplan notices 1991.0 
can evaluating instruction improve teaching wj mckeachie new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
running microsoft office 2000 m halvorson mj young  1999.0 
the general use of tying in phoneme-based hmm speech recognisers sj young   
from the ` new localism ` to the ` new regionalism ' ? the implications of regional development agencies for i deas kg ward   
nurturing an ethos of community engagement j berberet new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
a graphical notebook as interaction metaphor for querying databases sf silva t catarci u schiel   
an observational study of how objects support engineering design thinking and communication : m breretron b mcgarry proceedings acm press  
an algorithm for distributed mutual exclusion p chaudhuri information and software technology 1995.0 
ethics of student-faculty friendshipâ ? in ethical dimensions of college and university teaching : r baker jr new directions for teaching and learning  
hordeiviruses : biology and pathology tw carroll see ref  
dec. 1997 â ?? tariff rate quotas administration in mexico : 1994-97â ?? s shagam d plunkett iatrc san  
the graphics zone : workstation exploration in three dimensions . v brown computerworld. 1987.0 
h. ward â ?? dynamic query evaluation plansâ ?? g graefe proc . of acm  
optimization of relational schemas containing inclusion dependencies ma casanova vldb 1989.0 
partial inverse linear programming s gentry   
minimization of tree patterns queries s flesca f furfaro e masciari proceedings of the 29th vldb conf  
towards on open architecture for ldl . d chimenti r gamboa r krishnamurthy vldb 1989.0 
on-line new event detection and tracking r swan j allan proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;  
addressing and routing in hexagonal networks with applications for location update and connection fg nocetti i stojmenovic j zhang submitted for  
adaptive strategy selection in decision making : the learning rule theory j rieskamp pe otto submitted for  
protein secretion in the polarized epithelial cell line mdck c kondor-koch r bravo s fuller d cutler h submitted for publication  
the tenth revision of the international statistical classification of diseases and related health who who   
a multi-version cache replacement and prefetching policy for hybrid data delivery environments a seifert mh scholl vldb 2002.0 
arbâ ?? s study of emission from two â ?? â ?? late-modelâ ?? â ?? diesel and cng heavy-duty transit buses . an ayala r kado m okamoto p rieger ba holmen san diego april  
image region entropy : a measure of â ?? visualnessâ ?? of web images associated with one concept k yanai k barnard proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
managing innovation portfolio experiences and lessons in china q xu b guo j chen international engineering management conference 1996.0 
endomorphism rings of torsion-free abelian groups als corner proc . int . conf . theory groups canberra  
evidence supporting a university experience courseâ ?? s efficacy at a metropolitan university and t micceri e wajeeh  1999.0 
regional patch dynamics of a common weed species s eber r brandl   
magmillâ ? cents prototype testing rr oder ed brandner re jamison   
database techniques for the www : a survey d florescu a levy a mendelzon sigmod record acm  
b-hydroxy - / - methylglutaric aciduria presenting as reye syndrome jv leonard jwt seakins nk griffin lancet i  
further advances in the use of adjustment ( papadakis method ) in field experiments j papadakis  1988.0 
evidence for cell mediated immunity to renal antigens in minimal change nephrotic syndrome k eyres np mallick g taylor lancet  
shock metamorphism of natural materials 644 pp. mono book corp. baltimore bm french nm short md  
mechanical engineering education at the university of twente pc powell h grunefeld  1999.0 
function-class decomposition : a hybrid software engineering method ck chang   
prospective students m our faculty   
how the rdb/vms data sharing system became fast dlr anderson tk rengarajan p spiro   
persistent lymphadenopathy in homosexual men : a clinical and ultrastructural study mg anderson j dixey p key ds ellis g tovey tf lancet i 1984.0 
y saito m. springford and im templeton jp jan wb pearson phil . mag  
valuation implications of the components of earnings : cross-sectional evidence from greece a ballas   
information retrieval and machine learning for probabilistic schema matching h nottelmann u straccia proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
digitalized signature and public-key functions as intractable as factorization . report no mo rabin  1979.0 
mining deviants in a time series database hv jagadish n koudas s muthukrishnan proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ; 1999.0 
microsoft 's 80386/80486 programming guide rp nelson  1991.0 
state estimation for dynamic systems fl chernousko  1994.0 
the chamois component-based knowledge engineering framework w kim kj chae   
integration of data mining and relational databases a netz s chaudhuri j bernhardt u fayyad proc . 2000.0 
distinct differences in cortical reactivity of motor and prefrontal cortices to magnetic stimulation s kã $ hkã ¶ nen j wilenius rj ilmoniemi   
agent-based semantic interoperability in infosleuth m nodine b perry b bargmeyer sigmod record  
an overview of the iso/vdm-sl standard n plat pg larsen acm sigplan notices 1992.0 
white-noise generator '' j dunn electronic  
catalysis : modern trends proc vd kumari k murthy m subrahmanyam ks patil pk 12th national symposium on catalysis bombay india  
balanced scorecard for projects we stewart project management journal 2001.0 
software release planning : an evolutionary and iterative approach d greer g ruhe   
the distributed information search component ( disco ) and the world wide web a tomasic r amouroux p bonnet o kapitskaia h sigmod conference 1997.0 
abdo publishing company . 2001 sa kallen g washington   
broadcast protocals to support efficient retrieval from database by mobile users d anindya ev debra c aslihan k vijay acm tods  
the four levers of corporate change pl brill r worth  1997.0 
toward a universal psychological structure of human values sh schwartz w bilsky journal of personality and social psychology  
novice programming comes of age dc smith a cypher l tesler communications-acm 2000.0 
mlr : a recovery method for multi-level systems db lomet   
the gmap : a versatile tool for physical data independence g odysseas mh solomon ye ioannidist   
cytotoxic drugs and interferons for chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy ra hughes av swan pa van doorn cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
bestimmung von rauheiten rcm schrã ¶ der at book  
are there two types of static gamma fusimotor neurones ia boyd mh gladden fi sutherland proc . int . congr . physiol . sci. 29th canberra australia  
improvisational synthetic actors with flexible personalities . knowledge systems laboratory d rousseau b hayes-roth stanford university 1997 . technical report  
the sociology of subcultures . do arnold  1970.0 
outcome bias in decision evaluation j baron jc hershey journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
embedding finitely generated abelian lattice-ordered groups : higmanâ ?? s theorem and a realisation of amw glass v marra submitted for  
the truly false consensus effect : an ineradicable and egocentric bias in social perception j krueger rw clement journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
choosing translator at view definition time am keller proceedings of the twelfth vldb  
first version of a data flow procedure language . tech . memo tm-61 j dennis  1975.0 
regression rank scores tests for regression with random regressors . j picek  1997.0 
santa barbara corpus of spoken american english jw du bois santa barbara ca : university of california santa barbara & hellip ;  
evaluators as collaborators in science education reform w mccolskey hm parke p harman rm elliott new directions for program evaluation 1995.0 
mate choice male quality and carotenoid-based plumage coloration ge hill proc int ornithol congr 1999.0 
analysis of video conferencing on a token ring local area network sm crimmins proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1993.0 
engineering optimization : methods and applications gv reklaitis a ravindran km ragsdell  1983.0 
shibboleth : exploring cultural boundaries in speech a senior proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the design and implementationof a sequence database system p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan proceedings ofthetwentysecond  
posting august 7 1999 on harlan county queries ( posted at www . rootsweb . com ) '' b johnson   
â ?? digital local control system of radial magnetic field errors in rfx : design commissioning and e gaio a luchetta g manduchi g marchiori v proc . 28th symposium on fusion technology marseilles  
an efficient algorithm for discovering frequent subgraphs m kuramochi g karypis ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
integrating social studies with reading/language arts . ja levesque social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
in whom we trust : group membership as an affective context for trust development m williams academy of management review 2001.0 
dietary effects on serum phytanic acid levels and on clinical manifestations in heredopathia l eldjarn k try o stokke s refsum o steinberg lancet i 1966.0 
practitioners ' views on the use of formal methods : an industrial survey by structured interview c snook r harrison   
it can happen to you : the firsthand accounts of six nurses accused of and disciplined for s laduke journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 
ii . the determination of the entropyâ ?? absolute temperature relation below 1 k jm daniels fnh robinson phil . mag  
multi-ported single wet-well intake structure operation in a stratified reservoir se howington water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
efficacy of permethrin-impregnated uniforms in the prevention of malaria and leishmaniasis in j soto f medina n dember journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
case : guidelines for success dn wilson information and software technology 1989.0 
taligent : a framework for change r raskin pc  
mining constrained gradients in large databases g dong j han jmw lam j pei k wang w zou ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
redundant documents and search effectiveness y bernstein j zobel proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
technology demonstration implementation plan cm reynolds field demonstration of rhizosphere-enhanced treatment of & hellip ;  
mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables [ c ] r sfikant r agrawal proceedings of the acm-sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
generating embedded software from hierarchical hybrid models r alur f ivancic j kim i lee o sokolsky   
the eternity service rj anderson proceedings of pragocrypt 1996.0 
vortex lattice : vortex liquid states in anisotropic high-t ( sub c ) superconductors ( abstract only ) bi ivlev nb kopnin mm salomaa oulu univ. proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the los angeles jobs-first gain evaluation : final report on a work first program in a major urban s freedmanâ ? ¦   
andv . s. subrahmanian . a multi-similarity algebra s adal p bonati ml sapino proc . of 1998 sigmod conference on management of  
comparing data streams using hamming norms g cormode m datar p indyk s muthukrishnan proceedings of 28th international conference on very large & hellip ; 2002.0 
mund : a methodology for the simulation of boolean logic r rivest m blum m watanabe proceedings of vldb  
user behavior analysis of location aware search engine p iko t shintani k takahashi m kitsuregawa proc . of international conference on mobile data management & hellip ;  
discovering misconceptions in a distributed pedagogical system r joshua dh scuse  2004.0 
chapter 1-encouraging the growth of e-commerce i revenue  1998.0 
state concerns for learning : quality and state policy . j stevens bd hamlett new directions for higher education 1983.0 
quantitative feedback theory i horowitz iee proceedings 1982.0 
zhao-x ; castelluccia-c ; baker-m x zhao proc . ieee/acm  
an efficient cost-driven index tuning wizard for microsoft sql server s chaudhuri v narasayya 23rd international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
physics for young children y hadzigeorgiou  1998.0 
de la ceee madrid : ministerio de sanidad y consumo 1994 : 14â ± 15 50â ± 51 lã ? mendizaã?bal c prestaciones sanitarias en los   
from tree patterns to generalized tree patterns : on efficient evaluation of xquery zchvjlvs lakshmanan s paparizos proceedings of the 29th very large data base conference  
hiv-1 sequence evolution and specific immune response in children with distinct clinical courses e halapi t leitner m jansson a plebani g submitted for  
elementary processes in hydrogen-helium plasmas rk janevâ ? ¦  1987.0 
autoepistemic logic w marek m truszczyå?ski journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1991.0 
application of low-current accelerators at the joint institute of nuclear research for simulating vs barashenkov yppiv puzynin an sosnin at .  
ifind ca system for semantics and feature based image retrieval over internet hj zhang l wenyin c hu   
data caching issues in an information retrieval system r alonos d barbara hg molina acm  
interlink inc fs resistor santa barbara  
bounds for the positive eigenvectors of nonnegative matrices and for their approximations by pj courtois p semal journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1984.0 
radioimmunoassay relat . proced d rodbard pj munson a delean med. proc . int . symp  
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us ig dufour bt technology journal 1997.0 
net to link white house 22 federal agencies . p keefe computerworld. 1983.0 
optimising selection of units from speech databases for concatenative synthesis aw black n campbell   
lfathias jp seto ct chin d. mammen m. and gordon d. m gm whitesides ee simanek jp mathias acc . chem . res  
development of a three-dimensional auditory display system em wenzel fl wightman sh foster acm sigchi bulletin 1988.0 
about wavelab jb buckheit s chen dl donoho im johnstone j   
in vivo structure/function analyses of c. elegans mec-4 a candidate mechanosensory ion channel k hong i mano m driscoll   
modern combined oral contraceptives for pain associated with endometriosis j moore s kennedy a prentice cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
simulating stable stochastic systems vi : quantile estimation dl iglehart journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1976.0 
application of dynamic band brake model for enhanced drivetrain simulation y fujii we tobler em clausing tw megli m proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
relations between mean doppler velocity and radar reflectivity factor ( ( for air motions during pt willis conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
adult learning theory and the pursuit of adult degrees r kiely lr sandmann j truluck new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
workplace privacy issues : avoiding liability 52 ali-aba 697 702 ( 1999 ) . summary judgment for the sfc morris jr   
a novel framework for svm-based image retrieval on large databases l wang x li p xue kl chan proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
on the performance of internet worm scanning strategies cc zou d towsley w gong   
handbook on the physics and chemistry of rare earths special volumes on high temperature rare earth hw weber at  
rebasing win32 dlls : the whole story . rr asche   
modeling of chemical vapor deposition reactors kf jensen proceedings of 9th international conference on c < d  
l903 . letter to henry rankin . 10 june l903 . in vol . 2 of the letters of william james 196 w james   
how effective are different welfare-to-work approaches ? five-year adult and child impacts g hamilton s freedman l gennetian c  2001.0 
storage and querying of e-commerce data r agrawal a somani y xu vldb 2001.0 
conceptual database modeling skill acquisition : impact of cooperative versus individual learning b bordoloi sd ryan   
disk utilization for news-on-demand rt ng jym buer proceedings of the international conference on very large  
remote sensing training and education needs in india ps roy gis at  
sink repositioning for enhanced performance in wireless sensor networks k akkaya m younis m bangad computer  
tricolor inheritance . i. the tricolor series in guinea-pigs hl ibsen   
peptides 1998 in bajusz s. and hudecz f. c mader d young b bray proceedings of the 25 theuropean peptide  
z-lopeâ ¬ z jf stoddart v balzani m gome acc . chem . res  
supporting multimedia streaming between mobile peers with link availability prediction m qin r zimmermann ls liu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
canonical representations for residue classes of a polynomial ideal m lauer u > proc . acm-symsac < / u  
the whips prototype for data warehouse creation and maintenance wj labio y zhuge jl wiener h gupta h garcia - sigmod conference 1997.0 
adventure education : impact on team building trust and cooperation dl guite  2002.0 
indoles academic press rj sundberg san diego  
making the reading writing social studies connection . k jorgensen-esmaili social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
reprã © sentations intermã © diaires dans la reconnaissance de la parole : apports de la technique de r kolinsky j morais proceedings of the 19th journã © es dâ ?? ã © tude sur la parole  
the power of methods with parallel semantics k denninghoff v vianu vldb 1991.0 
& computational study of # ow and heat transfer characteristics of annular and vertical cavities ' . a nasr gl morrison m behnia procs of 2nd symp . on comp . mech  
a tissue oxygenation monitor using nir spatially resolved spectroscopy s suzuki s takasaki t ozaki y kobayashi proc  
g. de la hoz l. y selgas ja ordã?ã?ez mi cambero l fernã?ndez ml garcã?a md  
the analytical work of the office of technology assessment ea hildes new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
oestrogen and progestogen hormone replacement therapy for peri-menopausal and post-menopausal women : rj norman ihk flight mcp rees cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
real-world problem solving in freshman-sophomore engineering mj pavelich bm olds rl miller new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
dna segmentation as a model selection process . recomb 2001 : proceedings of the fifth annual w li  2001.0 
circuit bases of strongly connected digraphs pm gleiss j leydold pf stadler   
smart cards the better way to pay : after a ten year struggle for acceptance smart cards areâ ® nally m alexander computerworld  
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals in `` proceedings 20th international conference on i kamel c faloutsos   
design and implementation of mobile agent infrastructure based on mobile agent interoperability j wong v honavar l miller v naganathan submitted for  
relationship of lymphoproliferation and clinical blood parameters to contaminants in loggerhead mm peden-adams jm keller rd day ar johnson j proceedings of setac 23rd annual meeting in north america  
r. marriott k.â ?? constraints for the webâ ?? al borning proceedings of acm multimedia  
erp beyond y2k r freedman pc magazine june  
bound and scattering states in the heisenberg ferromagnet jf perez & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1973.0 
environmental ethics : contempory ethical issues c palmer  1997.0 
stones of destiny : keystones of civilization jr poss michigan technical university houghton  
the global pairwise approach to radiation hybrid mapping r tibshirani l lazzeroni t hastie a olshen d   
on the correlation of internet flow characteristics k lan j heidemann   
efficacy of sane evidence collection : a minnesota study le ledray k simmelink journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
the search for perfect project management d phan d vogel j nunamaker computerworld  
a heuristic approach to attribute partitioning in a self-adaptive database management system m hammer b niamir proceedings of the international conference on management of  
'' ca n't we settle this ? '' student conflicts in higher education and options for resolution j gibson new directions for higher education 1995.0 
linear hashing with partial expansions . very large data bases pa larson international conference on very large data  
efficient incremental view maintenance in data warehouses ky lee jh son mh kim   
representations underlying transitive choice in humans and other primates jj bryson jcs leong   
a 42-year-old man with rhabdomyolysis from substance abuse and minor trauma c rush j thomas journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
psychoneuroinmunology ( r ader san diego : academic  
let 's face the music and dance : a view of learning in the arts . a sgroi new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
protocol version 11 j gettys r newman rw scheier xclx interface  1987.0 
this court held that under the constitution of the state of florida a municipalityâ ?? s power to levy i birdsong id .  
emotional labor in service roles : the influence of identity be ashforth rh humphrey the academy of management review 1993.0 
appropriate technology for developing countries n riedijk at news 1982.0 
racism conservatism affirmative action and intellectual sophistication : a matter of principled j sidanius f pratto l bobo journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
an experiment in knowledge-based signal understanding using parallel architectures . department of hd brown e schoen ba delagi  1986.0 
approach for generic audio segmentation and annotation tzccjk heuristic proc . acm  
lisalearning jm carroll sa mazur   
lanthanide-transition-metal complexes : from ion pairs to extended arrays ac res acc . chem . res 2003.0 
using machine translation for real-time multilingual collaboration s kellerman t mayeur demonstration at acm conference on computer supported & hellip ;  
on index configuration in object-oriented databases . extended version august 1993 e bertino object-oriented concepts databases and applications . new & hellip ;  
productivity impact of it investment in singapore pk wong proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
central nervous system involvement in childhood brucellosis h caksen d odabas s arslan af oner journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
the challenges to invisible computing g borriello   
out of court : the memoirs of a black lawyer in apartheid south africa 1950â ?? 1960 wm tsotsi unpublished manuscript  
housing and management aspects influencing gilt development and longevity : a review dg levis proceedings of the 2000 allen d. leman swine  
a concurrency control protocol for read-only transactions in real-time secure database systems h han s park c park   
a performance study of an optical burst switched network with dynamic simultaneous link possession t battestilli hg perros computer networks 2006.0 
an investigation of the mode i and mode ii stitch bridging laws in stitched polymer composites a turrettini  1996.0 
migrations abundance and origins of salmonids in offshore waters of the north pacificâ ?? 1998 . kw meyers rv walker nd davis ky aydin s hyun & hellip ; institute university of washington seattle washington  
fuzzy logic torque ripple reduction for dtc based ac drives ig bird hz de la parra electronic letters 1997.0 
faculty leaves . dg marker new directions for higher education 1983.0 
ultrastructure of plant leaf tissue infected with mite-borne viral-like pathogens oe bradfute re whitmoyer lr nault 28th ann . proc . electron mierose . soe . am  
a new dual wavelength hail signal derived from differential reflectivity ( zdr ) dual polarization k aydin ta seliga vn bringi conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
infer : a relational query language without the complexity of sql t mason r lawrence proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
an analysis of the chemical batch production problem and a detailed methodology for scheduling r matthew lispe technical report department of chemical engineering  
database selection in intranet mediators for natural language queries f liu s liu c yu w meng o frieder d grossman proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
the effects of hunting on an ontario black bear population gb kolenosky international conference on bear research and management  
report of us secretariat committee on colorimetry and artificial daylight db judd cie proceedings  
intravenous treatment of leishmania donovani infected mice with liposomal hexadecylphosphocholine p kaufmann-kolle a kuhlencord h eibl cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
agricultural experimentation : design and analysis tm little fj hills  1978.0 
mobile hop-by-hop multicast routing r vida l costa s fdida computer networks 2004.0 
practical clinical biochemistry volume 1 h varley a gowenlock m bell   
boston blue-but hiring . l guisbond computerworld  
the personal and professional challenge of peacekeeping r weekes dj kealey j mantha d macdonald e unpublished manuscript  
words into type : meeting the corporate challenge d burns s venit pc magazine . december  
apeleytheronontas tin tileorasi [ liberating television ] s papathanasopoulos athens greece : kastaniotis  
information architecture : a new discipline for organizing hypertext opening keynote speech at p kahn proceedings of acm hypertext &#39; 01  
computer-aided analytical processing of photograph and stereopair measurements ( analiticheskaia dp korablev geodeziia i kartografiia 1990.0 
paradoxical effects of thought suppression dm wegner dj schneider sr carter tl white journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
machine classification of ischemic electrocardiograms i pitas mg strintzis s grippas c xerostylides ieee mediterranean electrotechnical conf. athens greece  
a fast shaded-polygon renderer rw swanson lj thayer   
safety-critical systems design bp douglass   
real-time communication p verãssimo acm press frontier series 1993.0 
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining j shafer r agrawal m mehta vldb 1996.0 
compound markov mixture models with applications in finance j geweke g amisano unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
factors affecting the expression of trifluoroacetylated liver microsomal protein neoantigens in rats jg kenna jl martin h satoh lr pohl   
matrix-geometric solutions in stochastic models johns hopkins baltimore m neuts md  
pegasus : flight departure/arrival/gate information system s seneff j polifroni p schmid  1998.0 
ip-based protocols for mobile interworking j ioannidis d duchamp gq maguire jr proc acm sigcommâ ?? 91  
diverse world of unconventional hydrogen bonds . nv belkova es shubina lm epstein acc . chem . res 2005.0 
precise magnetic sensors m vopã ¡ lenskã 1/2 p ripka a platil   
preferences for food labels : a discrete choice approach . ja caswell & cotterill ronald w. ( eds . ) mf teisl ne bockstael a levy md  
polap : a fast wavelet-based technique for progressive evaluation of olap queries rr schmidt c shahabi   
content management-don ' t let large sites get out of hand n randall pc magazine january  
numerical solution of large quadratic programs in training support vector machines avl zanni   
rational function matrices and structural controllability and observability ks lu jn wei & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1991.0 
towards an object oriented databaseâ ?? a relational view c miguens conference proceedings on data management 91 table of & hellip ; 1992.0 
arvind and de culler . the price of parallelism . computation structures group memo 278 k ekanadham  1987.0 
data quality review for med pol : nineteen years of progress ld mee m horvat jp villeneuve unep athens ( greece ) . 1994. 1994.0 
peer-to-peer harnessing the power of disruptive technologies march 2001 a oram isbn  
humanware human error and hiyari-hat : a causal-chain of effects and a template of unsafe symptoms s nishigaki j vavrin n kano t haga jc kunz k & hellip ; facility engineering stanford university . technical report & hellip ;  
minimizing the i/o-operations for undo-logging in database systems a reuter very large data bases 1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ; 1979.0 
videoanywhere : a system for searching and managing distributed heterogeneous video assets c bertram a sheth k shah submitted for publication  
arallel searching in distributed databases b srinivasan computer networks  
distributed constraint satisfaction a arora mg gouda g varghese submitted for  
psychological complexity of computer programs : an experimental methodology l weissman acm sigplan notices 1974.0 
soil analysis as a necessary complement to leaf analysis for fertilizer advisory purpose sf du plessis proc int soc citriculture  
latino connections : family neighbors and community . children 's literature . mh cordier ma perez-stable social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
the policy of poverty and the poverty of policy : geography and the construction of national poverty a glasmeier annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;  
spontaneous prejudice in context : variability in automatically activated attitudes b wittenbrink cm judd b park journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
the reyes image architecture rl cook l carpenter e catmull proc . siggraph acm comput . graphics  
hiv-1 escapes from rna interference mediated inhibition tr brummelkamp at das m vink m madiredjo r   
an evolutionary approach to estimating software development projects js aguilar-ruiz i ramos m toro information & software technology 2001.0 
interactive consistency in constant time m ben-or r el-yaniv submitted for publication  
on database theory and xml d suciu sigmod record 2001.0 
high-dimensional olap : a minimal cubing approach x li j han h gonzalez   
population dynamics of yellowtail rockfish ( sebastes flavidus ) stocks in the northern california to jv tagart university of washington seattle washington usa  
hypothetical surveys and real economic commitments hr neill rg cummings pt ganderton gw harrison land economics 1994.0 
serial abdominal ultrasound in the setting of trauma1 so henderson j sung d mandavia journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
principles of protein structure ge schulz rh schirmer  1979.0 
the approval motive : studies in evaluative dependence dp crowne d marlowe   
students ' perspectives on their master 's degree experiences : disturbing the conventional wisdom cf conrad km duren jg haworth new directions for higher education 1998.0 
scaling and time warping in time series querying aw fu e keogh lyh lau ca ratanamahatana proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
measurement and prediction of the verification cost of the design in a formalized methodology h robain y albouy m dabas m descloitres c information and software technology 1999.0 
a patent search and classification system ls larkey   
metamathematics of first-order arithmetic p hã ¡ jek p pudlã ¡ k  1993.0 
mining quantitative association rules in large relation tables r sirkant r agrawal proceedings of acm sigmod conference of management of data  
optimal use for older donor kidneys : older recipients jm cecka pi terasaki transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
tumors and tumorlike lesions of bone and joints f schajowicz  1981.0 
brittle failure from interacting surface breaking defects b bezensek jw hancock proc . int . conf  
solubility of pt and pd sulfides and au metal in aqueous bisulfide solutions . ii p pan sa wood results at  
model-based validation of an intrusion-tolerant information system f stevens t courtney s singh a agbaria jf reliable distributed systems 2004 . proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ; 2004.0 
space filling curves and texture analysis pt nguyen j quinqueton proc . int . conf . pattern recognition  
geodesic flow on polyhedral surfaces k polthier m schmies   
selective and authentic third-party distribution of xml documents e bertino b carminati e ferrari b thuraisingham ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
quantifier elimination for the elementary theory of real closed fields by cylindrical algebraic ge collins lecture notes in computer science  
working both sides of the street mc alkin mq patton new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 
preliminary findings from the san diego job search and work experience demonstration bs goldman  1984.0 
a simple algorithm for approximating confidence on the modified allan variance and the time variance m weiss c greenhall proc . 28th annual precise time and time interval ( ptti ) & hellip ;  
transaction processing : concepts and techniques morgan kaufmann ( september 1992 ) http://www . mkp . j gray a reuter   
guided wave optics hf taylor a yariv proc . ieee 1974.0 
defensive attribution : effects of severity and relevance on the responsibility assigned for an kg shaver journal of personality and social psychology  
electron microscopy sample preparation for the biological and physical sciences using focused ion la giannuzzi bi prenitzer jl drown-macdonald tl at process 1998.0 
on the key role of parasitic capacitances in the determination of susceptibility to emi of g masetti g setti n speciale & hellip ; electromagnetic compatibility ( emc ) zurich switzerland  
on longest cycles in a balanced bipartite graph with ore type condition i a kaneko k yoshimoto   
knowledge interchange format version 3.0 . ref mr geneserth re fikes man . technical report university of stanford  
that tap tap is your boss j maglitta computerworld  
transportable applications environment ( tae ) plus experiences in â ?? objectâ ?? - ively modernizing a mr szczur p miller acm sigplan notices 1988.0 
comparison of four methods of on-line identification and controller tuning o taiwo & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1993.0 
re-thinking e-commerce business modelling in terms of interactivity ulf essler electronic markets 2001.0 
semantic integrity in a r. elational database ; m hammer d mcleod proc . lst int . conf . vldb framingham mass  
cultural relativity and the identification of psychiatric disorders ah leighton see ref  
s. lam . adaptive ratecontrolled scheduling for multimedia applications d yau proc . acm  
contracts components and their runtime verification on the m barnett w schulte technical report msr-tr-2002-38 microsoft research april 2002 .  
maintaining temporal coherency of cooperating dynamic data repositories ssabv sharma krp shenoy   
vendors eye graphics standards . y zhu t scannell computerworld. 1982.0 
synchronous wc kwong pr pruncal cdma demonstration for fibreâ ?? optic networks with optical & hellip ;  
an environment for formal specification and implementation of interaction policies for distributed a ghassemzadeh t regan bt technology journal 1994.0 
scholl. m. ( 1994 ) : â ?? from structured documents to novel query facilitiesâ ?? v christophides s abiteboul s cluet proceedings of  
low friction arthroplasty of the hip j charnley  1978.0 
resolved : surveys have outlived their usefulness in is research p newsted w chin ok ngwenyama a lee proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1996.0 
images of man : '' le malentendu '' and '' en attendant godot '' nc chase wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
programming microsoft . net xml web services d foggon d maharry c ullman  2003.0 
minty variational inequality and vector optimization gp crespi i ginchev m rocca   
on indexing line segments hv jagadish vldb 1990.0 
inelastic light scattering in rare earth compounds j vitins & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1976.0 
hoard : a scalable memory allocator for multithreaded applications ed berger ks mckinley rd blumofe pr wilson   
how learning can guide evolution in hierarchical modular tasks j wiles b tonkes jr watson   
selective markov models for predicting web page access m deshpanse g karypis acm transactions on internet technology 4 ( 2 )  
continuously adaptive continuous queries sm ms02 m shah jm hellerstein v raman  2000.0 
translating survey questionnaires : lessons learned rb mckay mj breslow rl sangster sm gabbard rw new directions for program evaluation  
campus services : a variety of alternatives . ah degraff new directions for higher education 1979.0 
dcomand corba side by side step by step and layer by layer e chung y huang s yajnik d liang jc shih cy  1997.0 
a history of algol 68 ch lindsey history of programming languages 1996.0 
pulmonary pathology dh dail sp hammar  1993.0 
modeling and composing service-based and reference process-based multi-enterprise processes h schuster d georgakopoulos a cichocki d baker lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
study on mechanical and optical characteristics of reverse dispersion fiber cables m morimoto 48th iwcs procs  
chippewa flowage investigations . part 1 : summary report sm born wb lord f alston w bernhagen j binando inland lakes demonstration project funded by the upper & hellip ; 1972.0 
high power test of a proto-type tuning-free cavity with an all-pass network t rizawa k sato h tamura m yamamotoâ ? ¦ procs . of the 11 thsymposium on accelerator science and  
algorithms for mining association rules in bag databases py hsu yl chen cc ling information sciencesâ ?? informatics and computer science : an & hellip ; 2004.0 
effects of randomization on a homeless services initiative : a comment p johnston p swift new directions for program evaluation  
navajo education in action : the rough rock demonstration school ra roesselâ ? ¦  1977.0 
w. cement chemistry hf taylor academic press 1990.0 
metabolic engineering of pyruvate metabolism in lactococcus lactis cr melchiorsen technical university of denmark  
parallel simulation of performance petri nets : extending the domain of parallel simulation gs thomas j zahorjan proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter simulation 1991.0 
an m-net semantics of b ( pn ) 2 e best h fleischhack w fraczak rp hopkins h   
price/performance index pc magazine portable pcs pc magazine  
purdy 's '' malcolm '' : a unique vision of radical emptiness tm lorch wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
motion abstraction and mapping with spatial constraints r bindiganavale ni badler lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
acoustic surface wave filters rh tancrell mg holland proc . ieee  
hormonal interactions between plants and insects cm williams see ref  
the hamline plan : mentoring modeling and monitoring the practical liberal arts fg davenport new directions for higher education 2004.0 
race education and the construction of a disabled class t glennon wisconsin law review 1995.0 
murads . taqq walter willinger anddaniel v. wilson . on the self-similar nature of ethernet tra c we leland proceedings of acm sigcomm  
advertising r & d expenditures and the market value of the firm kw chauvin m hirschey   
open object database management systems ja blakeley proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
patent 4,797,457 1989 ; ( b ) guiver jw apsimon ous kutowy   
newlearning modes in the production of presenceâ ?? distance techniques for education h sponberg c knudsen l handberg d-2001 proceedings dã 1/4 sseldorf  
performance modeling of las based scheduling in packet switched networks ia rai g urvoy-keller m vernon ew biersack proc . of acm sigmetrics-performance  
optimal policy for batch operations : backup checkpointing reorganization and updating gm lohman ja muckstadt acm transactions on database systems 1977.0 
efficient self-contained handling of identity in peer-to-peer systems k aberer a datta m hauswirth ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
adv. detailed react . mech . 1 1 ( 1991 ) ; na porter b. giese and dp curran m newcomb acc . chem . res  
expressive and efficient pattern languages for tree-structured data f neven t schwentick   
ghost : fine granularity buffering of indexes ch goh bc ooi d sim kl tan proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ; 1999.0 
how to balance real and nominal convergence ? the case of poland p durajsz  2001.0 
stress hormones proinflammatory and antiinflammatory cytokines and autoimmunity ij elenkov gp chrousos annals-new york academy of sciences 2002.0 
innovation in database management : computer science vs. engineering kr jacobs proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
on the phaenomena presented by light in its passage along the axes of biaxial crystals h lloyd phil . mag  
making and joining dna ends m yarmolinsky see ref  
supporting dynamic displays using active rules a jaime nw paton sigmod record 1994.0 
an empirically-grounded framework for the information systems development process b fitzgerald   
estimation of parameters of structural model for genetic covariances in international genetic r rekaya k weigel d gianola   
c. pu . a practical and modular implementation of extended transaction models rs barga proc . of the 21st intâ ?? l conf . on very large data  
c 0 mmun ic ations h pdcat acc . chem . res 1990.0 
subsidized inequities : the spatial patterning of environmental risks and federally assisted housing sl cutter me hodgson k dow urban geography 2000.0 
closed-form equation for thermal constriction/spreading resistances with variable resistance s song s lee v au proc . int . electronics packaging conf  
hybrid cooperative schemes for scalable and stable performance of web content delivery r lancellotti f mazzoni m colajanni computer networks 2005.0 
feasibility study of configuration algorithms for the switch fabric of a load-balanced switch with s arekapudi   
the new role of community-based agencies dv folkman k rai new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
parallel functional languages and compilers bk szymanski  1991.0 
the rat nervous system ou scremin g paxinos academic san diego  
essa . image-basedmotion blur for stop motion animation gj brostow andi proceedings of acm siggraph  
two layer vector quantization of images j mihalik   
notes on distributed databases-chapter i b lindsayâ ? ¦ tech . rep. rj2571 ibm almaden research lab  
the effects of welfare reform in philadelphia . c michalopoulos new york : manpower demonstration research corporation & hellip ;  
web modeling language ( webml ) : a modeling language for designing web sites s ceri p fraternali a bongio www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
building pasts : historic preservation and identity in twentieth-century germany . r koshar see gillis  
classes of hypergraphs with sum number one hm teichert   
notes on algebraic specifications im bradley information and software technology 1989.0 
linkage map of the fruit fly drosophila pseudoobscura w anderson see rcf  
strikesâ ?? weâ ?? ve had enough s deshmukh bombay times times of india  
topology control for wireless video surveillance networks j pan yt hou l cai y shi sx shen proceedings of acm mobicom  
short communication jp bouchaud m mã © zard j. phys . i france 1994.0 
eâ ? ectiveness of optimal node assignments in wavelength division multiplexing networks withâ ® xed f siu rkc chang computer networks 2002.0 
foundations of differential geometry ( interscience new york ) s kobayashi k nomizu vol i  
nba to join ranks of computerized sports . b johnson computerworld. 1983.0 
properties of the si-sio sub ( 2 ) interface and internal gettering processes in mos - and nmos - ed vasil ` eva mn kolotov vi sokolov iy shapiro at energ. 1992.0 
interpolation of missing samples for audio restoration or jjk wj fitzgerald electronic letters  
thinking ahead on e-marketplaces . p samec   
curriculum recommendations for the undergraduate program in computer science : a working report of rh austing bh barnes dt bonnette gl engel g acm sigcse bulletin 1977.0 
overview of existing xml storage techniques s amer-yahia m fernandez submitted for publication  
emerging pricing strategies on the web : lessons from the airline industry s klein electronic markets 2003.0 
database patchwork on the internet : project demo r braumandl a kemper d kossmann proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
sources of information and assistance . sg tickton new directions for higher education 1981.0 
database performance evaluation in an indexed file environment j fedorowicz acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
rule representation and management in conceptbase m jarke sigmod record 1989.0 
computational fluid dynamics in a traditional animation environment p witting   
variable impacts of people on brown bear use of an alaskan river tl olson bk gilbert international conference on bear research and management  
the design and evaluation of network raid protocols dr kenchammana-hosekote ra golding c fleiner oa tech . report rj 10316 ibm almaden research center san jose ca  
research issues in moving objects database p sistla o wolfson proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on  
the zucker-fatty rat : a review ga bray fed proc 1977.0 
artistic creation as stimulated by superimposed versus separated visual images rs sobel a rothenberg journal of personality and social psychology 1980.0 
tuning schema matching software using synthetic scenarios m sayyadian y lee ah doan as rosenthal proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
managing change to btâ ?? s operational support systems m evans bt technology journal 1997.0 
partial differential equation modeling for stochastic fixed strategy distributed systems v dorofeenko j shorish unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
women 's career development at the glass ceiling pl inman new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
mining anomalies using traffic feature distributions a lakhina m crovella c diot   
personal dynamic media a kay a goldberg ieee computer  
fehler und fehlerkorrektur fernstudieneinheit 19 langenscheidt mã 1/4 nchen 1997/98 k kleppin   
single dose oral ibuprofen and diclofenac for postoperative pain sl collins ra moore hj mcquay pj wiffen je cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
fishes and associated environmental data collected in new york bight june 1974-june 1975 sj wilk  1977.0 
managing web data d suciu   
midazolam : a review of therapeutic uses and toxicity sp nordt rf clark journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
using sound to extract meaning from complex data c scaletti ab craig proceedings spie 1991.0 
cluster validity methods : part i m halkidi y batistakis m vazirgiannis sigmod record 2002.0 
in maia hls ( ed . ) peptides 1994 pw schiller g weltrowska tmd nguyen c lemieux proceedings of the 23rd european peptide symposium ) escom  
network information flow-theory and algorithms s jaggi pa chou k jain microsoft research technical report ( under  
improving the accuracy of circuit activity measurement '' 31st acm/ieee design automation conference b kapoor san diego  
october 2 2002 water manager kettle falls water department kettle falls washington telephone j gassaway ecology and environment inc. seattle  
social factors of adjudicated juvenile offenders in texas cjp council   
the blue plan : the future of the mediterranean basin m grenon m batisse  1988.0 
regional trade agreements for mercosur : the ftaa and the fta with the european union j monteagudo m watanuki unpublished  
rf cavities for the positron accumulator ring of the advanced photon source y kangâ ? ¦ procs . of the 1995 particle accelerator conf. dallas texas  
tentative detection of a cosmic far-infrared background with cobe jl puget a abergel jp bernard f boulanger wb astronomy and astrophysics-berlin - 1996.0 
nist chemical kinetics database : version 5.0 . national institute of standards and technology wg mallard f westley jt herron rf hampson dh md  
verification results from 1982-1984 operational radar reflectivity experiment we mcgovern re saffle kc crawford conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
cloud dynamic academic press ra houze jr  1993.0 
constrained cascade generalization of decision trees h zhao s ram knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
browsing electronic mail : experiences interfacing a mail system to a dbms . j kent db terry ws orr vldb 1988.0 
the use of record linkage in longterm prospective studies in acheson e ma heasman d. ( ed ) record linkage in medicine proceedings of the  
the merge/purge problem for large databases [ c ] ma hemã ¡ ndez sj stolfo sigmod conference  
memory management during run generation in external memory p larson g graefe   
a multi-state survey of videotaping practices for major trauma resuscitations1 dg ellis eb lerner dvk jehle k romano c journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
automotive active suspensions part 1 : basic principles ingentaconnect.com   
separation and information hiding portal.acm.org   
color in business science and industry db judd   
self-adaptive design of a non-linear temperature control system a chotai pc young   
pulseless diseases k shimizu no to shinkei 1971.0 
categorizing case-base maintenance : dimensions and directions db leake dc wilson lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
scheme for visual feature-based image indexing hj zhang d zhong proc . spie 1995.0 
the open system user 's programming interfaces a langsford computer networks 1984.0 
serving culturally diverse populations : a social imperative for adult and continuing education . jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
an efficient coding algorithm for 3d video with spatio-temporal hvs model and binary correlator c pei cl lai proc . int . workshop on  
uniform copper corrosion in tolt river water a quantitative study of coupled rate processes r hilbrun university of washington seattle  
a performance evaluation of alternative xml document schemas pf sullivan   
quantum learning : teaching as dialogue j vella new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
an american dilemma : the negro problem and modern g myrdal table  
specification of integrity-preserving operations in information systems by using a formal uml-based r laleau f polack information & software technology 2001.0 
vector control of ac drives i boldea sa nasar  1992.0 
institutional research d olsen new directions for higher education 2000.0 
the equivalence of models of tasking dm berry proceedings of acm conference on proving assertions about & hellip ; 1972.0 
entrepreneurship in higher education dw breneman new directions for higher education 2005.0 
schema-free xquery y li c yu hv jagadish proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
an introduction to bispectral analysis and bilinear time series models t subba rao mm gabr  1984.0 
microsoft office 2000 visual basic for applications : fundamentals ds boctor  1999.0 
cross-appalachian tracer experiment ( captex 83 ) . final report noaa technical memo . erl arl-142 air gj ferber jl heffter rr draxler rj lagomarsino md  
learning assumptions for compositional verification jm cobleigh d giannakopoulou cs pasareanu lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
mobile dp center on-site at venezuelan oil camp . j desmond computerworld. 1984.0 
improving the accuracy of measurement-based geographic location of internet hosts a ziviani s fdida jf de rezende o duarte a computer networks 2005.0 
the messy reality of socially responsible business j entine   
dynamic itemsets and implication rules in market basket data s brin r motwani j ullman s tsur acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
agent-based service selection rm sreenath mp singh journal on web semantics ( jws )  
using taxonomy discriminants and signatures for navigating in text databases '' vldb 1997 446-455 s chakrabarti d dom r agrawal p raghavan the vldb journal  
the tunnel-emission amplifier ca mead proc . ire  
a class of data structures for associate searching ja orenstein th merret proc . of acm sigmod-pods conf. portland oregon  
an integrated web computing application for tasks related to course selection and registration t takeshita k maeda information and software technology 1999.0 
well ... it isnâ ?? t quite that simple rm corless dj jeffrey   
synthesis of kinematic and thermodynamic fields at cloud base from systematic thunderstorm inflow jc fankhauser conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
the pulvinus : motor organ for leaf movement american society of plant physiology rl satter hl gorton tc vogelmann md  
a study of four index structures for set-valued attributes of low cardinality s helmer g moerkotte   
winter food preferences of snowshoe hares ( lepus americanus ) in interior alaska dr klein proc . int . congr . game biol  
community consequences of highway improvement em horwood  1964.0 
tables of the function fx ( - log | ly | / y ) dy with an account of some properties of this and related k mitchell phil . mag  
an expressive model for comparing tree-structured data ss chawathe h garcia-molina   
debugging optimized code with expected behavior '' lw zurawski re johnson unpublished manuscript  
well-posed linear systems-a survey with emphasis on conservative systems g weiss oj staffans m tucsnak   
pentium : the second wave j seymour pc magazine-american edition - 1994.0 
partition based spatial-merge join jm pate961 patel dj dewitt proceedings of the 1996 acm-sigmod conference june  
the impact of charter schools on academic achievement ea hanushek jf kain sg rivkin unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
actions and roles : using depicted events for disambiguation and reinterpretation in german and p knoeferle mw crocker c scheepers mj pickering   
accelerating the coping process jw pennebaker m colder lk sharp journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
performance measurements of compressed bitmap indices t johnson proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ; 1999.0 
a system-wide macro facility based on aggregate events : a proposal ds kosbie ba myers   
a social learning approach to mental retardation rl cromwell see ellis  
analysis of stone columnâ ?? soil matrix interaction under vertical load rr goughnour aa bayuk proc . int . conf . soil  
multimode communications on the mitrenet . gt hopkins computer networks  
1 acharya s. franklin m. and zdonik s. lt codes mtcpr performance as model ie computer networks 1999.0 
providing qualityofserviceovertheweb : anewspaper-basedapproach m banatre v issarny f leleu b charpiot computer networks  
a viewpoint dependent stereoscopic display using interpolation of multi-viewpoint images a katayama k tanaka t oshino h tamura proc . spie 1995.0 
answering recursive queries using views om duschka mr genesereth   
s and walker dg 1965 b hickman phil . mag  
a formal foundation for distributed workflow execution based on state charts d wodtke g weikum lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
guaranteeing correctness and availability in p2p range indices p linga a crainiceanu j gehrke j proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
computation of asymptotic distribution for semiparametric gmm estimators h ichimura unpublished  
diffusion-induced chaos in a spatial predator -- prey system m pascual proceedings : biological sciences 1993.0 
acute tracheal rupture related to endotracheal intubation : case report-a sign of tracheomalacia r harris a joseph journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
facet ' - face gears in aerospace transmissions a caruso c gorla european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
reliable transaction management in a multidatabase system y breitbart a silberschatz gr thompson proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1990.0 
a study of high precision servo-spindle for hard gear finishing machines t emura a arakawa m hashitani proc . int . conf . advanced mechatronics  
riding the crest of a protest wave ? collective action frames in the gay liberation movement 1969 - s valocchi mobilization-san diego - 1999.0 
952 f s zippo supp .  
digital to analog quantization noise a clawson technical report space system laboratory massachusetts  
alcohol use and consequences dr gerstein see ref  
production of pigs transgenic for human decay accelerating factor ga langford n yannoutsos e cozzi r lancaster transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
metrics for quality analysis and improvement of object-oriented software c ebert i morschel information and software technology  
tutorial review of synthetic-aperture radar/sar / with applications to imaging of the ocean surface k tomiyasu ieee proceedings 1978.0 
the young women 's leadership school : single-sex public education after vm i ab bellman wisconsin law review 1997.0 
evaluation of the welding performance of a 1 kw pulsed nd : yag laser with fibre optic beam delivery as nasla & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
strategic sensemaking and organizational performance : linkages among scanning interpretation jb thomas sm clark da gioia the academy of management journal 1993.0 
workforce scheduling with multiple objectives i castillo t joro y li  2003.0 
high-availability computer systems j gray dp siewiorek   
adaptive limited-supply online auctions mt hajiaghayi r kleinberg dc parkes   
improving oltp data quality using data warehouse mechanisms m jarke c quix g blees d lehmann g michalk sigmod conference 1999.0 
wavecluster : a wavelet based clustering approach for spatial data g sheikholeslamiâ ? ¦ vldb journal  
block implementation of one-dimensional recursive digital filters r gnanasekaran ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1978.0 
pricing internet services : approaches and challenges lw mcknight j boroumand   
novel approaches in query processing for moving object trajectories d pfoser cs jensen y theodoridis proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 
integrating the quantitative and qualitative er house new directions for program evaluation  
determination of silver in sulfide minerals by electrothermal atomic absorption spectrometry t stafilov a lazaru e pernicka at spectrosc  
a polygen model for heterogeneous database systems : the source tagging perspective yr wang se madnick vldb 1990.0 
transmission and display of information for time-critical decisions e horvitz technical report msr-tr-95-13 microsoft research february  
learning of sensory motor tasks by an autonomous agent k malmstrom l munday j sitte & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing  
designing the user interface : supplemental materials university of maryland at college park b shneiderman md  
ix task support on the semantic web s potter a tate j dalton   
transcription of broadcast news-some recent improvements to ibm 's lvcsr system international l polymenakos p olsen d kanevsky ra gopinath  1998.0 
e cient 3-d searching in external memory de vengro js vitter proc . 28th stoc  
an experimental study on organic solderability preservative y li   
on the effectiveness of gc in java r shaham ek kolodner m sagiv   
pholidoptera griseoaptera in der fragmentierten agrarlandschaft des schweizer mittellandes d csencsics  2002.0 
antistreptococcal interventions for guttate and chronic plaque psoriasis cm owen rj chalmers to ` sullivan ce griffiths cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
decoupling and pole assignment in generalised state space systems pn paraskevopoulos fn koumboulis   
polym sci part b : polym phys c wu t yamagishi submitted for publication  
fuel and electricity generation from illumination of inorganic interfaces ms wrighton interim technical report massachusetts inst . of tech. & hellip ; 1982.0 
rambo ii : implementing atomic memory in dynamic networks using an aggresive reconfiguration s gilbert n lynch a shvartsman technical report lcstr-xxx massachusetts institute technology  
doxapram versus methylxanthine for apnea in preterm infants dj henderson-smart p steer cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
robust intra-document locations ta phelps r wilensky www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
gardarin g. and metais e. database design tools : an expert system approach m bouzeghoub proceedings of the 11th vldb ( stockholm sweden aug. 121 )  
eigenvoices for speaker adaptation r kuhn p nguyen jc junqua l goldwasser n proc . icslp  
van der merwe â ?? a flexible model for resource management in virtual private networksâ ?? n duffield p goyal a greenberg p mishra kk proc . acm  
can bladder neck elevation be objectively assessed during colposuspension l bombieri rm freeman proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the international & hellip ;  
structural convergence of mood and personality : evidence for old and new directions gj meyer jr shack journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
locally nonconical convex sets gc shell  1997.0 
optimizing queries across diverse data sources lm haas d kossmann el wimmers j yang vldb 1997.0 
the mental representation of stereotypes and its implications for stereotype development and jw sherman  1994.0 
a taxonomy of scientific workflow systems for grid computing j yu r buyya sigmod record 2005.0 
athresholdof ln n for approximatingsetcover '' u feige proc . 28th acm symp . on theory of computing philadelphia & hellip ;  
the failure and recovery problem for replicated databases pa bernstein n goodman proceedings of the second annual acm symposium on principles & hellip ; 1983.0 
best practices for enculturation : collegiality mentoring and coaching p boyle r boice new directions in higher education  
incremental data structures and algorithms for dynamic query interfaces etrbb shneiderman  1996.0 
the role of a judge in a user based retrieval experiment ( poster session ) m wu m fuller r wilkinson proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
theoretical formulation for degrees of isolation in databases v atluri e bertino s jajodia information and software technology 1997.0 
on the correlation between code coverage and software reliability f del frate p garg ap mathur a pasquini   
advanced materials ml sham jk kim js wu  1999.0 
serviceorienterad arkitekturâ ?? en ã ¶ versikt s sundblad  2004.0 
beyond market baskets : generalizing association rules to correlations sigmod 1997 s brin r motwani c silverstein proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
cbr support for csp modeling of interoperability testing mh sqalli ec freuder   
prosody phrasing without syntax via part-ofspeech amalgamation a maghbouleh proceedings esca workshop on intonation athens greece  
get ready for agile methods b boehm ieee computer  
wage discrimination : reduced form and structural estimates as blinder the journal of human resources 1973.0 
the them ' y of relatzonal databases computer science press rockville d maier md  
the alternating fixpoint of logic programs with negation a van gelder proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1989.0 
college of saint benedict : a planning model that works . sf escher new directions for higher education 1976.0 
universality and individuality : the interaction of noun phrase determiners in copular clauses jc mallery proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ; 1985.0 
trace table based approach for pipelined microprocessor verification j sawada wa hunt lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
transport of essential nutrients across the blood-brain barrier of individual structures ra hawkins fed . proc 1986.0 
making collaborative watershed management work : the confluence of state and regional initiatives s michaels environmental management 2001.0 
temporal fds on complex objects acm tans j wijsen database syst  
multi-table joins through bitmapped join indices g graefe poâ ?? neil acm sigmod record  
expression of cd15 ( fal ) on myeloid cells and chromosomal localization of the gene p tetteroo ag van kessel the histochemical journal 1992.0 
retrieving music-to index or not to index a haapaniemi e ukkonen   
a combined framework for grouping and order optimization g moerkotte t neumann proc . vldb  
pathways to chronic inflammation in rheumatoid synovitis d cavender d haskard cl yu t iguchi p miossec fed proc 1987.0 
canadaâ ?? s community colleges : a critical analysis published by university of british columbia jd dennison p gallagher   
integrating databases and workflow systems s shankar a kini dj dewitt j naughton sigmod record 2005.0 
a language facility for designing database-intensive applications j mylopoulos pa bernstein hkt wong acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
temporal logic n rescher a urquhart  1971.0 
on random sampling over joins s chaudhuri r motwani vr narasayya   
a comparative study of hematocrits drawn from a standard venipuncture and those drawn from a saline cm sliwa journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
modeling skewed distribution using multifractals and the80-20 ` law c faloutsos y matias a silberschatz proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
d. naughton j. 1993 â ?? the 007 benchmarkâ ?? m carey w de proceedings of the 1993 acm  
fragment excision versus conventional disc removal in the microsurgical treatment of herniated k faulhauer c manicke acta neurochirurgica 1995.0 
electrostatic precipitator modelling ( abstract only ) j hautanen m kilpelainen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
continuous nearest search t tao d papadias q shen  2002.0 
microsoft word version 2002 plain & simple j joyce m moon  2001.0 
hiv-positive adults ' meaning making over time lm baumgartner new directions for adult and continuing education 2005.0 
regge poles in particle physics pdb collins ej squires  1968.0 
an informal approach to formal specifications al furtado sigmod record 1984.0 
erp project problems plague city payroll c stedman computerworld  
describing linguistic information in a behavioural context : possible or not ? accepted for g de cooman md  
secure statistical databases with random sample queries de denning acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
the minimal entropy martingale measure for general barndorff-nielsen/shephard models t rheinlander g steiger submitted eth zurich switzerland  
object and query transformation : supporting multi-dimensional queries through code reuse b yu r orlandic proceedings of the 2000 acm cikm international conference on & hellip ;  
the icrp 50 model ce land radon proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the & hellip ;  
comparisons of some home range and population parameters among four grizzly bear populations in ja nagy ma haroldson international conference on bear research and management  
database support for efficiently maintaining derived data b adelberg b kao h garcia-molina   
new rc-active networks using current conveyors k vrba j cajka j zeman radioengineering-prague - 1997.0 
the synovial lining of the rabbit knee : a scanning electron microscopy study of specimens reinforced d levanon h stein the histochemical journal 1992.0 
testing the diversity of multi version software using fault injection l chen j napier j may g hughes procs of advances in safety and reliability sarss  
spectral composition of far-infrared laser radiation optically excited in methyl fluoride de evans bw james wa peebles le sharp & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
suresha and ramamritham k. 2002 . proxy-based accelaration of dynamically generated content on the a datta k dutta h thomas d vander meer proceedings of acm sigmod  
the indian monsoon . part 2 : the rains go ` hare geography 1997.0 
toward an ontology-enhanced information filtering agent km sim sigmod record 2004.0 
comment on a note on dynamic arrays in pascal n wirth acm sigplan notices 1976.0 
deductive database system g phippc proc acn sigmod on management of data  
efficient locking for concurrent operations on b-trees pl lehman b yao acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
p. kanellakis object identity as a query language primitive in proc . of the 1989 sigmod a abiteboul sigmod record  
tutorial notes : multimedia conferencing on the internet v jacobson proceedings of acm sigcomm  
reducing accident rates with organizational behavior modification rs haynes rc pine hg fitch the academy of management journal 1982.0 
reporting service for multinationals planned . j kirchner computerworld. 1981.0 
concluding remarks on learning in isolated neuronal structures en sokolov aod willows brain and behav proc . 28th intern . congr physiol . sci. & hellip ;  
professionalizing the economic developer md waterhouse new directions for higher education 1997.0 
sentence repetition as a measure of social dialect p desberg g marsh a stanley western psychological association seattle washington  
ariadne : a java-based guided tour system for the world wide web j juehne at jensen k groenbaek www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
rockville usp xxiii md  
evolution of darwin 's finches caused by a rare climatic event br grant pr grant proceedings : biological sciences 1993.0 
bibliography on object-oriented database management g vossen acm sigmod record 1991.0 
superfluid vortex nucleation in he-3 flow ( abstract only ) pi soininen nb kopnin mm salomaa oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
algorithms and programming models for efficient representation of xml for internet applications n sundaresan r moussa computer networks 2002.0 
workshop report : the first international workshop on active and real-time database systems m berndtsson j hansson sigmod record  
indonesiaâ ?? s experience of sequencing financial liberalization js djwondono unpublished manuscript  
ã cents â ? ¬ the climate footprint : will we see it before it is upon us d kelly c kolstad  1996.0 
agronomy research . a : yield and quality comparison of alfalfa forage perennial peanut and ec french ea hanlon gm prine wd pitman ja polk county agricultural research/demonstration project & hellip ;  
description of roadpol : a gaussian dispersion model for line sources g vossiniotis g arabatzis d assimacopoulos & hellip ; manual national technical university of athens greece  
'' system level concurrency control for database systems dj rosenkrantz rd stearns pm lewis acm tods v  
the manufacturing frontier : pioneer industry in antebellum wisconsin 1830-1860 m walsh  1969.0 
automatic subspace clustering of high dimensional data for data mining applications . eds. haas lm r agrawal j gehrke d gunopulos p raghavan sigmod 1998 proceedings acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
hardcore visual basic version 5.0 b mckinney  1997.0 
the receptive distributed-calculus r amadio g boudol c lhoussaine proceedings  
lesbians in academia : degrees of freedom b mintz ed rothblum  1997.0 
quasi-exact region-of-interest reconstruction from helical cone-beam data m defrise f noo h kudo ieee medical imaging 1999 seattle washington usa 1999.0 
3d graphics programming for windows 95 n thompson microsoft programming series 1996.0 
non-specification-based approaches to logic testing for software n kobayashi t tsuchiya t kikuno   
atomic modeling of homogenous nucleation of dislocation loops from condensation of point defects ty tan phil . mag  
- performance database research center school of computer science florida international university lr amat jr   
online assessment in undergraduate mathematics am santos pa santos fm dionä ± sio p duarte procs . 2nd international conference on the teaching of & hellip ;  
data modeling of time-based media s gibbs c breiteneder d tsichritzis sigmod conference 1994.0 
the distribution of calcium in undecalcified bone as revealed by an improved pyro-antimonate method s kawamata the histochemical journal 1992.0 
multilevel atomicity -- a new correctness criterion for database concurrency control na lynch acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
the indian monsoon ii : the rains go ` hare geography  
global warming to the internet e horwitt computerworld  
third-order corrections to the slc final focus n walker   
compror : compression with a factor oracle a lefebvre t lecroq proceedings of the data compression conference ( dcc &#39; 01 ) 2001.0 
a comparison of hardware prefetching techniques for multimedia df zuckerâ ? ¦ technical report csl-tr-95-683 stanford university depts . of  
moment functions in image analysis theory and applications published by world scientific in r mukundan kr ramakrishnan   
place g ( 2000 ) learning objects : communicating the pedagogical potential g hepburn procs of ed media  
amultivariate simultaneous generalized arch @ wp n1 89-57r u r engle kf kroner california san diego  
dynamic query optimization plans g graefe k ward proceedings of acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
methodus inveniendi lineas curvas maximi minimive proprietate gaudentes sive solutio problematis l euler oo ser .  
an efficient indexing technique for full-text database systems j zobel a moffat r sacks-davis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
carbamazepine versus phenytoin monotherapy for epilepsy c tudur smith ag marson he clough pr williamson cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
the case against budget surpluses : why government debt is good and moderate budget deficits are t palley & hellip ; economics association meetings montreal canada ( june )  
public policy and psychotherapy : can evaluative research play a role ? l saxe new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
panko 1ltl project teams : profiles and member perceptions st kinney proceedings of the 25 ~ h hawaii international conference on & hellip ;  
the determination of device noise parameters rq lane proc . ieee  
the evolution of artificial social systems g boella l van der torre   
use of roles and policies for specifying building and managing virtual enterprises e lupu z milosevic m sloman at  
separating description and evaluation in the structure of personality attributes g saucier journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
springnet : a scalable architecture for high performance predictable distributed real-time j stankovic of massachusetts technical report 91-74 october  
design recovery for reuse and maintenance t biggerstaff ieee computer  
aranye . ( 2002 ) entertainment value . [ website ] lo fradenburg university of california santa  
andm . l. kersten . fast randomized join-order selection why use transformations ca galindo-legaria a pellenkoft proc . of the int &#39; l. conf . on very large data  
museums as educational institutions . mc chobot rb chobot new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
information age transformation ds alberts getting to a  
the design of postgres procs m stonebraker l rowe acm sigmod ( washington dc may  
on optimal processor allocation to support pipelined hash joins ml lo cv ravishankar   
kascade-grande collaboration r glasstetterâ ? ¦ proc . 28th icrc ( tsukuba japan )  
niagaracq : continuous queries j chenâ ? ¦ & hellip ; of the 2000 acm sigmod conference dallas tx may  
and wilson eg 1981a k donovan phil . mag  
detailed information about parasites revealed by sexual ornamentation c wedekind proceedings : biological sciences 1992.0 
inside dymaic html s issaacs  1997.0 
mechanisms for biological effects of ultrasound el castensen   
area-time performance of vlsi fir filter architectures based on residue arithmetic v paliouras t stouraitis   
the efficacy of intravenous droperidol in the prehospital setting cl rosen af ratliff re wolfe sw branney e jedd journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
making sense of loss and benefiting from the experience : two construals of meaning cg davis s nolen-hoeksema j larson journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
naradabrokering : a distributed middleware framework and architecture for enabling durable peer-to - s pallickara g fox lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
confocal microscopical analysis of epithelial cell heterogeneity in mouse peyer 's patches ps james c rossetti mw smith d cremaschi the histochemical journal 1992.0 
frontiers in x-ray astronomy k makishima t mihara proc . 28th yamada conf. ed . y. tanaka & k. koyama ( tokyo : & hellip ;  
data and knowledge base research at hong kong university of science and technology p. drew b. d lee q li f lochovsky cd shum b wuthrich sigmod record 1995.0 
hla-dqa1 * 1 contributes to resistance and a1 * 3 confers susceptibility to type 1 ( insulin-dependent ) k yamagata t hanafusa h nakajima m sada h diabetologia 1991.0 
optimization flow control ii : implementation s athuraliya sh low submitted for  
structure du sacerdoce chrã © tien y congar md  
the influence of vaxiabtes of boolean functions j kahn g kalai n linial proc . of 29th ieee fogs  
topics of interest in is : comparing academic journals with the practitioner press s gosain z lee i im   
peer response to low stakes writing in a wac literature classroom me sargent new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
a bayesian algorithm for simultaneous localization and map building h durrant-whyte s thrun submitted for publication 2001.0 
in : roller d editor j banhart j baumeister m weber proc . 29th int . symp . on automotive technologyand automation & hellip ;  
symbolic math software : itâ ?? s not just for mainframes anymore b simon pc magazine  
access support in object bases a kemper g moerkotte   
engineering high performance database-driven e-commerce web sites through dynamic content caching ws li ks candan wp hsiung o po d agrawal   
periodic acid incubation can replace hydrochloric acid hydrolysis and trypsin digestion in hjg van de kant dg de rooij the histochemical journal 1992.0 
men who batter women a jukes  1999.0 
chabot : retrieval froma relationaldatabase ofimages ve ogle ieee computer  
a case of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias probably due to psychotropic drugs n kondou y hiasa k kishi h fujinaga y ohishi kokyu to junkan 1993.0 
handling real-time images comes naturally to systolic array chip w hannaway g shea wr bishop electronic design  
environgenics systems co. el monte ca rd cardwell unpublished  
work function changes of high-t ( sub c ) superconductors around the t ( sub c ) ( abstract only ) j mizsei a uusimaki v lantto oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
y in practical programs b mcadam unpublished  
bispectrum estimation - a digital signal processing framework c nikias m raghuveer ieee proceedings 1987.0 
andtvonrosenvinge . t. : 1990 â ?? observations in the outer heliosphere of the cosmic ray recovery fb mcdonald n lal a lukasiak re mcguire proc . int . conf . cosmic rays  
organizational life cycles and shifting criteria of effectiveness : some preliminary evidence re quinn k cameron management science 1983.0 
descent and marriage reconsidered f barth see ref  
incremental exploratory visualization of relationships in large codebases for program comprehension v sinha r miller d karger   
providing database-like access to the web using queries based on textual similarity ww cohen sigmod conference 1998.0 
the physics of radiation therapy . williams and wilkins baltimore fm khan md  
daml-s : web service description for the semantic web a ankolekar m burstein jr hobbs o lassila d lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
abstract interpretation : a unified framework for static analysis of programs by construction of p cousot r cousot proc . fourth acm popl  
a processand atoolfor creating service descriptions based on daml-s m klein b konig-ries proc . of the 4th vldb workshop on technologies for e -  
numerical modeling of turbulent natural-gas diffusion flames twj peeters delft : delft technical university  
towards the assessment of costs and benefits of ergonomic modifications to jobs : a case study the r norman r wells a moore j potvin proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the human & hellip ;  
3rorqlf * 1hjrl 9 using borehole measurements with the object of improving the knowledge of xju yhvfx proceedings international symposiumâ ?? 25 years of research  
newer facets of sickle cell adhesiveness sb shohet bjm thevenin iw sherman cellular and molecular biology letters 1998.0 
internet addiction : is it just this monthâ ?? s hand-wringer for worry-warts or a genuine problem rw greene computerworld  
collaborative joins in a pervasive computing environment f perich a joshi y yesha t finin the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
tbt in uk estuaries 1982-86 . evaluation of the environmental problem mj waldock   
a splitter filter for use with vdsl at the cabinet jw cook bt technology journal 2001.0 
gtbd faults and lower bounds on multiple fault coverage of single fault test sets j jacob nn biswas proc . int . test conf  
an examination of the carrier selection processing in a deregulated economy r brand jr grabner 23rd annual conference proceedings  
design and implementation of advanced knowledge processing in the kbms krisys mj carey da j thomas s deã?loch nm mattos proc . acm sigmod exhibits program san jose ca sigmod & hellip ;  
space-time adaptive processing for airborne radar data systems j ward technical report 1015 massachusetts inst . of technology lincoln  
web accessibility for the low vision user m bergel a chadwick-dias t tullis & hellip ; association annual conference montreal canada . june  
pcb interconnect characterization from tdr measurements d smolyansky s corey electronic engineering 1999.0 
ubiquitous p spiro & hellip ; scalable servers acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
m & m-query : database support for the annotation and retrieval of biological research articles k baclawski n fridman proc . acm sigmod conference 1993.0 
the stanford graphbase : a platform for combinatorial computing - group of 4 & raquo ; de knuth acm  
com + technical series : queued components d hay microsoft corporation  
a neural network approach for studying the switching problem sj amin bt technology journal 1994.0 
selfish behavior and stability of the internet : a game-theoretic analysis of tcp a akella s seshan r karp s shenker c   
teaching for diversity n chism new directions in teaching and  
fk506 : historical perspectives t goto t kino h hatanaka m okuhara m kohsaka transplant proc 1991.0 
the nonequivalence of vertical merger and exclusive dealing econ.ucsb.edu   
extending the database relational model to capture more meaning ef codd acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
subhalf micron lithography system with phase shifting effect m noguchi m muraki y iwasaki a suzuki proc . spie 1992.0 
oral theophylline for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease fs ram pw jones aa castro ja de brito an cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
efficient and effective clustering methods for spatial data mining j han 20th international conference on very large data bases  
chamberlin d d. lorie ra and price tg 1979 . access path selection in a relational database pg selinger mm astrahan proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
robust nonlinear parameter estimation in the bounded noise case e walter h piet-lahanier proc . 25th conf . decision contr. athens greece  
enacting and deacting roles in agent programming m dastani b van riemsdijk j hulstijn f dignum   
function-theoretic principles of program understanding m pleszkoch   
the evaluation of primary prevention programs bl bloom see ref  
in handbook of marine science fgw smith vol . i. crc  
descots : a software system for selecting cots components g grau jp carvallo x franch c quer   
fast probabilistic algorithms for hamiltonian circuits and matchings d angluin lg valiant proceedings of the ninth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ; 1977.0 
renegotiating institutional power relationships to better serve nursing students sm hendricks new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
smith predictor and self-tuning control of muscle relaxant anaesthesia da linkens m menad aj asbury proceedings of the iee part d  
to do or not to do : the dilemma of disclosing anonymized data lvs lakshmanan rt ng g ramesh proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
partial order models for quantitative extensions of lotos . e brinksma jp katoen r langerak d latella computer networks 1998.0 
efficiently publishing relational data as xml documents m carey b lindsay h pirahesh b reinwald proc .  
implementing data cubes e-ciently v harinarayan a rajaraman jd ullman proceedings of the fifteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;  
ivy halls and glass walls : barriers to academic careers for women and ethnic minorities p bronstein ed rothblum se solomon new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
study circles : individual growth through collaborative learning . lp oliver new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
if we want things to stay as they are things will have to change jb lapidus new directions for higher education 1998.0 
changes in tree canopy on fanno creek : d gervais s mullinax s shirley geography 2002.0 
computer programs for biological stereology : pcs system i rp bolender nd pentcheff washington research foundation seattle  
the interdisciplinary challenge of building virtual worlds r pausch proceedings of the sixth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
dos-resistant authentication with client puzzles t aura p nikander j leiwo lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
extraordinary people . va green social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
the wavelengths of soft x-rays from radium b e rutherford enc andrade phil . mag  
organizing long-running actlvltles with triggers and transactions u dayal m hsu r ladin proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod znternatzonal conference & hellip ;  
efficient program tracing j lams ieee computer  
linking school and work for disadvantaged youths wa diaz j ball c wolfhagenâ ? ¦ the yiepp demonstration : final implementation  
decoupling multivariable self-tuning controller for varying time delays f mahieddine as morris   
color 3-d electronic imaging of the surface of the human body m rioux proceedings of  
merging models based on given correspondences u of washington ra pottinger pa bernstein technical report uw-cse-03-02-03  
machine-checking the java specification : proving type-safety d von oheimb t nipkow lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
ear drops for the removal of ear wax mj burton cj doree cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
on nearest neighbor indexing of nonlinear trajectories cc aggarwal d agrawal   
eps-2003-031-org t van willigenburg   
energetic formulations from nanosize metal powders f tepper g ivanov m lerner v davidovich proc . int . pyrotech . seminars  
expected mistake bounds for on-linelearning algorithms d haussler n littlestone mk warmuth unpublished manuscript  
query optimization in compressed database systems z chen j gehrke f korn   
interim findings from the arkansas win demonstration program j quint bs goldman jm gueron  1984.0 
pathway to carrageenan-induced inflammation in the hind limb of the rat r vinegar jf truax jl selph pr johnston al fed . proc 1987.0 
î ³ - spectrometric determination of the content of naturally occurring radionuclides in natural waters a mukhamedov gv poteshkin us salikhbaevâ ? ¦ at .  
semantic data caching and replacement . 22nd vldb conf s dar m franklin b jonsson d srivastava m tan bombay india  
near neighbor search in large metric space in : proc . 21st int s brin conf . on vldb  
formal development in b abstract machine notation k lano h haughton information and software technology 1995.0 
potter 's wheel : an interactive data cleaning system v raman jm hellerstein vldb 2001.0 
the effects of incremental submaximal exercise on circulating leukocytes in physically active and n moyna g acker k weber j fulton f goss r european journal of applied physiology 1996.0 
sagas hg monila k salem proc . of acm sigmod intl conference on management of data  
cmd : a multidimensional declustering method for parallel database systems l jianzhong j srivastava d rotem proceedings of international conference on vldb august  
the evolution of life histories : theory and analysis : chapman and hall da roff new york  
chloramphenicol-resistant salmonella typhi vi phage type a isolated from a patient in bangladesh mi huq ar samadi lancet  
n-dimensional brushes : gaining insights into relationships in nddata mo ward submitted for publication  
automating information engineering . ig macdonald information and software technology 1988.0 
introduction to electronic auctions s klein   
operational models and processes within bt 's and concert 's isp business j meaneaux bt technology journal 2000.0 
the role of natural language in a multimodal interface . uistâ ?? 92 143-149 pr cohen  1992.0 
ge0id93 . software for pc compatible computers . national geodetic survey noaa silver spring dg milbert dg schultz md  
unified management of memory and file caching using the v virtual memory system dr cheriton submitted for publication  
a performance study of the cambridge ring gs blair computer networks  
superrigidity of commensurability subgroups and generalized harmonic maps ga margulis unpublished  
using wordnet tm to disambiguate word sense for text retrieval em voorhees proceedings of acm sigir conference 1993.0 
a multi-resolution relational data model rl read ds fussell a silberschatz   
ucrl-8714 ( 1959 ) a ghiorso at . energ  
lingual abscess secondary to body piercing jc olsen journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
mutual dependencies and some results on undecomposable relations jm nicolas vldb 1978.0 
discretisation in lazy learning algorithms km ting artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
changes in soil carbon storage and associated properties with disturbance and recovery wh schlesinger the changing carbon cycle : a global analysis 1986.0 
getting ideas into print : some tips for practitioners . rd fulton new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
does social capital determine innovation r landry n amara m lamari to what extent  
synchronisation in data networks ts brown mj gilson mg mason bt technology journal 1998.0 
role expectation process in building a desirable work culture bp bauer  2001.0 
blogs bubble into business l rosencrance computerworld  
proactive and reactive multi-dimensional histogram maintenance for selectivity estimation z he bs lee xs wang   
the impact of human resource management on organizational performance : progress and prospects b becker b gerhart the academy of management journal 1996.0 
the relationship of the glycemic index to lipogenesis in humans ej parks proceedings of the 6th ( millenium ) vahouny conference [ d & hellip ;  
dry adhesive contact of elastomers ar savkoor technical university delft  
hypertext : a survey and introduction j conklin ieee computer  
semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles rt ng hv jagadish j madar proc int conf on very large databases  
kameyamam . asynchronousmultiple-valued vlsi system based on dual rail currentmode differential logic t hanyu t saito proc 28th ieee ismvl  
optimization of large join queries : proc a swami a gupta acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data pp  
ralph hebden ( editor ) p geographer t geography   
e. . simon. towards dbmss for supporting new applications s abiteboul m scholl g gardarin & hellip ; conference on very large data bases kyoto  
untersuchungen zur rã 1/4 ckstandsproblematik in bienenhonig im rahmen der varroatosebekã $ mpfung i kary  1987.0 
reversal of female mate choice by copying in the guppy ( poecilia reticulata ) la dugatkin jgj godin proceedings : biological sciences 1992.0 
stuttering treatment rating recorder ( version 2.0 ) [ computer software ] s fowler r ingham university of california santa barbara ca  
integer and fractional packings of hypergraphs v rodl m schacht m siggers n tokushige   
on collision of o-particles with light atoms iv . an anomalous effect in nitrogen e rutherford phil . mag  
l. wiecke for the hires collaboration k martens proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf . ( tsukuba )  
the economics of advice t de garidel-thoron m ottaviani unpublished manuscript 2000.0 
audio keyword generation for sports video analysis m xu ly duan lt chia c xu proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
rofecoxib for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis s garner d fidan r frankish m judd t towheed cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
browser helper objects : the browser the way you want it d esposito microsoft corporation  
the impact of employee communication and perceived external prestige on organizational a smidts   
mechanisms of ampicillin resistance in haemophilus influenzae from respiratory tract sm bell d plowman lancet i 1980.0 
ande . teniente . materialized view selection in a multidimensional database e baralis s paraboschi proc . of the 23rd vldb  
analysis of http/1 .1 on a wireless network s cheng k lai m baker technical report stanford university  
emerging issues in the discussion of active learning te sutherland new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
degradable airline scheduling l kang j clarke  2003.0 
forum closing panel rf rosin history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
the effects of involvement on responses to argument quantity and quality : central and peripheral re petty jt cacioppo journal of personality and social psychology  
a unified constraint model for xml . w fan gm kuper j simeon computer networks 2002.0 
an activity based costing approach to systems development and implementation g ooi c soh pm lee   
excitatory drive to the respiratory system in rem sleep j orem sleep-new york - 1996.0 
education for computer professionals dl parnas ieee computer  
design and evaluation of a new mac protocol for long-distance 802.11 mesh networks b raman k chebrolu   
screening multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2a families using dna markers h sobol a salvetti c bonnardel gm lenoir   
a course in combinatorics 2nd ed. 2001 jh van lint rm wilson   
critical evaluation of the association of acute with chronic graft rejection in kidney and heart g opelz transplant  
the second eigenvalue of a google matrix mt schlosser s kamvar technical report stanford university  
a tableau calculus for minimal model reasoning i niemelae lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
measles virus entry : generation of hybrid cd46/cd4 receptors to identify cd46 domains required for u schneider university of zurich zurich switzerland  
prophylaxis against hcv recurrence after liver transplantation : effect of interferon and ribavirin v mazzaferro e regalia a pulvirenti a tagger s transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
a rule-based view sf query optimization jc freytag proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of  
effects on solute transport and plant constituents fm ashton de bayer see ref  
special issue on carbon nanotubes rc haddon acc . chem . res  
a genetic algorithm for the multiobjective solid transportation problem : a fuzzy approach jm cadenas f jimenez & hellip ; technology and automation procs . for the dedicated & hellip ;  
integrating contents and structure in text traversal r baeza-yates g navarro sigmod record  
chimie 2003 6 635-644 ; b ) hang hc ; bertozzi cr f peri l cipolla b la ferla f nicotra acc . chem . res  
contracting out for human services : economic political and organizational perspectives rh dehoog  1984.0 
multiresolution similarity search in image databases m heczko a hinneburg d keim m wawryniuk multimedia systems 2004.0 
the design of postgres m stonebrslcer l rowe proc . 1986 acm-sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
distributed file organization with scalable cost/performance r vingralek y breitbart g weikum sigmod conference 1994.0 
the universal rights of the child . key concepts for instruction with young learners . lb bennett social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
development of a liver respiratory motion simulator to investigate magnetic tracking for abdominal kr cleary f banovac e levy d tanaka proc . spie 2002.0 
0 . shmueli . event specification in an object-oriented database nh gehani hv jagadish proceedings international conference on management of  
geometrical methods of nonlinear analysis ma krasnosel ` skii pp zabreiko  1984.0 
living ring [ hyphen ] opening metathesis polymerization catalyzed by well [ hyphen ] characterized rr schrock acc . chem . res  
the roles of fpgaâ ?? s in reprogrammable systems s hauk proceedings of the ieee  
the jobs evaluation : early findings on program impacts in three sites s freedman d friedlander   
an empirical study of on-chip parallelism l snyder   
stdlâ ?? a portable transaction definition language pa bernstein p gyllstrom t wimberg 1993 international conference on very large data bases ( & hellip ;  
the nu-prolog deductive database system k ramamohanarao j shepherd i balbin g port l halstead artificial intelligence series 1989.0 
- autonomous categories m barr  1979.0 
a data extraction processing and restructuring system nc shu bc housel rw taylor sp ghosh vye lum acm trans . database syst  
molecular dynamics studies of liquid-solid interfaces ( abstract only ) ja nieminen m karttunen k kaski oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
a determination of the minimal right ideals in the enveloping algebra of a lie algebra of classical gm nielsen  1963.0 
taking account of the influence of the bending of vvã?r -1000 fuel assemblies on the power of fuel gl ponomarenko at .  
laparoscopic colposuspension for urinary incontinence in women b moehrer g ellis m carey pd wilson cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
view operations on objects with roles a albano g antognoni g ghelli submitted for  
d-type cyclin expression is decreased and p 21 and p 27 cdk inhibitor expression is increased when t sekiguchi e noguchi t hayashida t nakashima genes to cells 1996.0 
xerox parc â ?? analysis and simulation of a fair queuing algorithm â ?? a demers s keshav s shenker proc . acm sigcomm symposium  
optimized query execution in large search engines with global page ordering x long t suel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
continuity and change in the restless urban landscape ek wyly economic geography 1999.0 
spirit : sequential pattern mining with regular expression constraints the vldb conference mn garofalakis r rastogi k shim  1999.0 
the fleostomy patient e lenneberg j rowbotham report of a research and demonstration  
oil in a nutshell d fensel i horrocks f van harmelen s decker m lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
graphical fisheye views of graphs msmh brown proceedings of acm  
tree-pattern queries on a lightweight xml processor mm moro z vagena vj tsotras proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
syncope : the forgotten sign of pulmonary embolism j varon re fromm journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
sexuality multiple sclerosis and women fw foley a sanders ms management  
structural pattern recognition t pavlidis   
automated design of multi-dimensional clustering tables in relational databases s lightstone b bhattacharjee proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
very recently an important book has discussed '' adversarial legalism '' something similar to my idea det alexis ina democracy  1956.0 
suite 300 silver spring s street   
understanding mcmc go roberts rl tweedie to appear  
the promise of vocational rehabilitation ja cook & hellip ; from the samhsa employment intervention demonstration & hellip ;  
the erato programme - wind tunnel test results and proof of design for an aeroacoustically optimised wr splettstoesser b van der wall b junker kj european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
lock and muirhead f cameriniâ ? ¦ phil . mag  
physics of high bootstrap fraction high performance plasmas on the diii-d tokamak mr wade tc luce jr ferron pa politzer dp   
similarity search without tears : the omni-family of all-purpose access methods rfs filho a traina c traina jr c faloutsos & hellip ; 2001 . proceedings . 17th international conference on 2001.0 
measuring herding and exaggeration by equity analysts and other opinion sellers e zitzewitz unpublished manuscript 2001.0 
the y programming language dr hanson acm sigplan notices 1981.0 
the importance of collaborative know-how : an empirical test of the learning organization bl simonin the academy of management journal 1997.0 
effects of emotional abuse against men in intimate relationships da hines k malley-morrison unpublished manuscript  
estimation of raindrop axial ratios using orthogonally mounted 2 d pms precipitation probes during v chandrasekar vn bringi j vivekanandan conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
querying a multilevel database : a logical analysis f cuppens proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
strict identifiability of multichannel fir systems : further results and developments k abed-meraim y hua proc . int . conf .  
a model for backup archive and restore-a proposal to x/open . dm choy a saxena ibm almaden research report  
pedestrian detection in infrared images m bertozzi a broggi m meinecke   
education for the information age ps breivik new directions for higher education 1992.0 
the l-index : an indexing structure for efficient subsequence matching in time sequence databases y morinaka m yoshikawa t amagasa s uemura   
digital light processing tm for high-brightness high-resolution applications lj hornbeck   
the migration of inert gases in ionic crystals mj norgett ab lidiard phil . mag  
effects of variation in soil heating during fire on patterns of plant establishment and regrowth in dc odion  1995.0 
endometrial destruction techniques for heavy menstrual bleeding a lethaby m hickey cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
business-to-business electronic marketplaces : a strategic archetypes approach c soh ml markus proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;  
low molecular weight heparins versus unfractionated heparin for acute coronary syndromes kd magee w sevcik d moher bh rowe cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
inside microsoft visual basic scripting edition s hillier microsoft programming series 1996.0 
public-private employment choice wage differentials and gender in turkey processed ankara : a tansel middle east technical university  
no more middlemen . t hoffman computerworld  
time bounded random access machines sa cook ra reckhow proceedings of the fourth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ; 1972.0 
boston comnmnity information system 1986 erperimenfal test results dk giffordâ ? ¦ mit/lcs/tr -397 . imit laboratory for computer science cambridge  
hetero diels-alder methodology in organic synthesis academic press dl boger sm weinreb san diego  
intranets and eda : impact application and technology d ku j rowson proceedings of the 1996 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
reliable network connections vc zandy bp miller proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on  
computer-supported information systems . wh mayhew new directions for higher education 1983.0 
teaching academies : honoring and promoting teaching through a community of expertise . nvn chism new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
the rtx real-time subsystem for windows nt b carpenter m roman n vasilatos m zimmerman proceedings of the usenix windows nt workshop 1997.0 
the scramble for africa t pakenham  1992.0 
demonstration of in vitro infection of chimpanzee hepatocytes with hepatitis c virus using strand - re lanford c sureau jr jacob r white virology-new york - 1994.0 
toward the realization of intelligent controls gn saridis ieee proceedings 1979.0 
endotracheal intubation at birth for preventing morbidity and mortality in vigorous meconium - hl halliday cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
identification of linear time-invariant systems from frequency-response data corrupted by bounded g gu p misra   
symbolics xerox offer enhanced ai workstation . e bender   
subdivision schemes for fluid flow h weimer j warren   
source acm sigmod record archive rt snodgrass m winslett acm sigmod record 1994.0 
programming portable optimized multimedia applications jc rojas m leeser proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
experiences with building middleware for audio and visual networked home appliances on commodity t nakajima proceedings of the acm international conference on  
quantification of the cellular proliferation on freshly dispersed cells from rat anterior s carbajo f gonzalez del pozo e carbajo-perez the histochemical journal 1992.0 
a study to describe uw-stout campus network mh huang  2000.0 
incremental logic synthesis through gate logic structure identification t shinsha t kubo y sakataya j koshishita k proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
a multimedia presentation algebra s adal ml sapino vs subrahmanian   
a failure of ehd lubrication of circumferentially ground disk a dyson proceedings of ime  
large-eddy simulation of a blu-body ow on unstructured grids s camarri mv salvetti b koobus a dervieux submitted for publication 2001.0 
sql server 2000 performance tuning : technical reference e whalenâ ? ¦  2001.0 
professional development for web-based teaching : overcoming innocence and resistance gm gallant new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
english text : reply to faustus the manichaean . translated by r. stothert cf manichaeum   
induction of labour for suspected fetal macrosomia o irion m boulvain cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a high performance mapped object store sj white dos dewitt proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on the management  
the postsynaptic spectrin/4 .1 membrane protein '' accumulation machine '' aj baines l keating gw phillips c scott   
natural frequencies of stators of small electric machines aj ellison sj yang proc . iee  
hons ( at least 8 months spent in a spanish-speaking country ) y spanish   
emphysematous cystitis presenting as painless gross hematuria j davidson cv pollack journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
gauge theories as a problem of constructive quantum field theory and statistical mechanics e seiler  1982.0 
informix under control : online query processing jm hellerstein r avnur v raman data mining and knowledge discovery 2000.0 
a comparative study of arbitration algorithms for the alpha 21364 router pipelined router s mukherjee f silla p bannon j emer s lang d proc . acm  
andj . c. freytag . quality-driven integration of heterogenous information sources f naumann u leser proceedings of internation conference on vldbâ ?? 99  
the imp1b projectâ ?? abstract for special session p naude mcloughlin d and c horan proceedings of the 15 thannual & hellip ;  
others schema and database evolution in the o 2 object database system f ferrandina t meyer r zicari proc . vldb ( sep. .  
d. schneider '' a performance analysis of the gamma database machine '' d dewitt s ghandeharizadeh proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
impact of river basin management on the baltic sea : ecological and economical implications of g schernewski t neumann   
issues in ita training programs . dl sequeira m costantino new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
low-rate tcp-targeted denial of service attacks a kuzmanovic ew knightly   
cilindrical patch antenna for wireless communication z sipus n herscovici at ap  
mis group regains end user 's confidence . j bartimo computerworld. 1982.0 
control video timing with an antifuse array r cooley electronic design  
dynamic composition of parametrized logic programs a brogi c renso f turini submitted for  
free parallel data mining b li  1998.0 
dimension-exchange algorithms for load balancing on trees me houle a symvonis dr wood   
leakage management techniques technology and training j report   
a configurable type hierarchy index for oodb ta mueck ml polaschek the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
the numerical simulation of ship waves using cartesian grid methods m sussman d dommermuth proceedings of the 23rd symposium on naval ship & hellip ;  
recombinational analysis of the rr duplication in maize hk dooner  1971.0 
constraint grammarsâ ?? a new model for specifying graphical applications bt zanden acm sigchi bulletin 1989.0 
ischemia reperfusion injury and chronic allograft rejection a szabo u heemann transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
cuticle formation in vitro ep marks ba sowa see ref  
topical ointment for preventing infection in preterm infants jm conner rf soll wh edwards cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
depression working models of others and relationship functioning kb carnelley pr pietromonaco k jaffe journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
dynamics of early detection d lin r morris proceedings of acm  
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems b yang h garcia-molina proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
mental health services administration . results from the 2001 national household survey on drug abuse s abuse md  
integrating a structured-text retrieval system with an object-oriented database system tw yantt j annevelinkt   
australian managers ' perceptions attitudes and use of information technology gj o'brien wd wilde information and software technology 1996.0 
developing and applying useful financial indicators . df finn new directions for higher education 1979.0 
role of natural killer cell alloreactivity in hla-mismatched hematopoietic stem cell transplantation l ruggeri m capanni m casucci i volpi a tosti blood-new york - 1999.0 
answering imprecise queries over web databases u nambiar s kambhampati proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
consistency in transcription and labelling of german intonation with gtobi m grice m reyelt j mayer a batliner   
m. interval hierarchies and their applicauon to predicate files kc wong ad edelaerg acm trans database syst  
proc . of the sixth east-european conference on advances in databases and information systems adbis sa stupnikov la kalinichenko d jin song slovak university of technology  
crooked beak of heaven b holm  1972.0 
a new tcp congestion control with empty queues and scalable stability f paganini sh low submitted for publication  
a flexible new technique for camera calibration [ r ] . microsoft research z zhang microsoft corporation technical report msr-tr-98-71 march  
the energy efficiency of iram architectures r from s perissakis n cardwell c kozyrakis b   
a complete axtomauzauon for functional and multtvalued dependencies c beeri r fagin js howard proc acm-sigmod intern . conf on the management of data & hellip ;  
learning to attach semantic metadata to web services n kushmerick a heã ? proc . int . semantic web conf  
athe returns to school quality : college choice and earnings w strayer  2000.0 
cost estimation of user-defined methods in object-relational database systems j boulos sigmod record 1999.0 
radiofrequency driven ion flows in a magnetized plasma c marchetto f califano m lontano proc . 28th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;  
coloured petri nets : basic concepts analysis methods and practical use k jensen  1997.0 
in nist chemistry webbook nist standard reference database number 69 ; linstrom pj ; mallard wg ( hy afeefy jf liebman se stein md  
database research at the data-intensive systems center d maier l delcambre c pu j walpole g graefe sigmod record 1993.0 
implementation of an efficient requirements-analysis supporting system using similarity measure s park h kim y ko j seo information & software technology 2000.0 
asynchronous iterative methods for multiprocessors gm baudet journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1978.0 
modeling correlations in web traces and implications for designing replacement policies k psounis a zhu b prabhakar r motwani computer networks 2004.0 
macro-op scheduling and execution i kim  2004.0 
ecological consequences of shallow-water hydrothermal venting along the el requesã ³ n fault zone mj forrest a melwani & hellip ; general meeting abstracts with programs seattle washington & hellip ;  
adaptive push-pull of dynamic web data : better resiliency scalability and coherency p deolasee a katkar a panchbudhe k ramamritham   
a view of coroutines d grune   
the occupational role of the evaluation research manager ra dentler new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
three-dimensional modelling and rendering of the human skeletal trunk from 2d radiographic images s delorme y petit ja de guise cã ? aubin h   
crustal studies around the canary islands bp dash e bosshard rept . xxiiird . int . geol . congr . czechoslovakia procs .  
raised temperature reduces the incidence of diabetes in the nod mouse ajk williams j krug ef lampeter k mansfield pe diabetologia 1990.0 
a functional calculus description for real interpolation spaces of sectorial operators m haase  2004.0 
preliminary argus reference manual . program . methodol . group memo 39 b liskovâ ? ¦  1983.0 
the 007 benchmark mj carey dj dewitt jf naughton proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference  
things i have seen and heard : an interview for young children about exposure to violence je richters p martinez unpublished manuscript  
oi arxaâ $ oi ã?ellhnew sthn neoellhnikã ? parã # dosh i kakridã?w  1989.0 
automatic apparatus vision 87 88 thomas 47 . carter db hr blackwell bs prltchard jg ohmart a further demonstration of phi movement cerebral dominance '' & hellip ;  
metadata for multimedia documents k bshm tc rakow sigmod record 1994.0 
performance of an iterative reconstruction algorithm for near infrared absorption and scatter sr arridge m schweiger m hiraoka dt delpy proc .  
dbsim : a simulation tool for predicting database performance m lefler m stokrp c wong proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1996.0 
microbial and enzymatic degradation of wood and wood components ke eriksson ra blanchette p ander  1990.0 
design by example a bruggemann-klein s hermann electronic publishing  
the modelexplainer b lavoie o rambow e reiter demonstration presented at the eighth international workshop & hellip ;  
the study of world war ii . pull-out feature i. me haas jk tipton social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
motorcycle accident cause factors and identification of countermeasures hh hurt jv ouellet dr thom vol . i technical  
the third text retrieval conference ( trec-3 ) gaithersburg dk harman md  
a note on minimal covers j atkins sigmod record 1988.0 
connecting the design of software to the design of work ka butler c esposito r hebron communications-acm 1999.0 
projet animã © par le cript du groupe des ecoles telecom c du moulin   
discovering all most specific sentences by randomized algorithms extended abstractâ '' rapport 1997 d gunopulos h manila s saluja academy of  
the natural radioactivity of lutetium d dixon a mcnair sc curran phil . mag  
concurrency control in b + - trees databases using preparatory operations y mond y raz vldb 1985.0 
spinal immobilisation for trauma patients i kwan f bunn i roberts cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
understanding knowledge creation and expertise through an instance based model of knowledge md ` eredita c barreto unpublished manuscript  
residency-trained emergency physicians : their demographics practice evolution and attrition from kn hall ma wakeman journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
role of genotypic analysis of thymidine kinase gene of herpes simplex virus for determination of ny lee yw tang mj espy cp kolbert pn rys ps submitted for  
multi-level annotation of natural scenes using dominant image components and semantic concepts j fan y gao h luo proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
practical application of mun analysis aj nelson proc . 29th annu . conv . am . assoc. bovine pract. am . assoc. & hellip ;  
electronic contracting in online stock trading s dasgupta electronic markets 1998.0 
solar photovoltaics g boyle see ref  
mecamylamine ( a nicotine antagonist ) for smoking cessation t lancaster lf stead cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
visual panel : virtual mouse keyboard and 3d controller with an ordinary piece of paper z zhang y wu y shan s shafer proceedings of acm workshop on perceptive user interfaces ( & hellip ; 2001.0 
computing curricula 1991 : report of the acm/ieee-cs joint curriculum task force ab tucker  1991.0 
penalized multivariate logistic regression with a large data set f gao  1999.0 
why talk about different ways to grade ? the shift from traditional assessment to alternative rs anderson new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
tests of branch splitting and branch-splitting independence in allais paradoxes mh birnbaum submitted for  
virtual organizations : two choice problems portal.acm.org   
model-checking for real-time systems kg larsen p pettersson w yi lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
krypton 4 p 4 s and 3 d partial photoionization cross sections below 260 ev photon energy ( abstract j tulkki s aksela h aksela y furusawa a oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
application of antenna arrays to mobile communications part ii : beam-forming and direction-of - lc godara  1997.0 
product development : an infrastructure for engagement g jonathan p john pd personas  2002.0 
melodic clustering : motivic analysis of schumannâ ?? s trã $ umerei e cambouropoulos g widmer   
laplace trans-form solution of two-medium neutron aging problem r bellman re marshak gm wing phil . mag  
a rare plant survey of the lake chelan project area-final lake chelan hydroelectric project no. 637 pud chelan prepared by calypso consulting seattle washington  
editorsâ ?? notes l yorks e kasl new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
clustering via matrix powering h zhou d woodruff   
periodic solutions of the thermostat problem j pr0ss unpublished  
les motek high degree word : mother lodge bordeaux : mother scottish lodge s mystã ¨ res   
rupture of a previously normal spleen in association with enoxaparin : an unusual cause of shock md burg jj dallara journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
tricyclic and related drugs for nocturnal enuresis in children cm glazener jh evans cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
the popular medicine of crete e fragaki  1978.0 
algorithmic mechanism design n nisan a ronen   
another look at a model for evaluating interface aesthetics dcl ngo jg byrne   
infrared stereo vision-based human shape detection m bertozzi a broggi md rose a lasagni procs . ieee intelligent vehicles symposium  
rcbr : a simple and efficient service for multiple time-scale trac m grossglauser s keshav d tse proceedings of sigcomm  
a genetic linkage study of bipolar disorder and 13 markers on chromosome 11 including the d ~ 2 jr kelsoe h kristbjanarson p bergesch p neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
what in the world is the matter with systems thinking ? a critique of modern systems theory and the la fitzgerald readings of the sts roundtable seattle washington october  
the natural history of larval mosquito habitats : academic press m laird san diego ca  
efficient modelling and performance simulation of neural associative memory networks g athithan  1997.0 
regularizing ad hoc retrieval scores f diaz proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
ministerâ ?? s warning over internet porn r uhlig electronic telegraph  
innovatory activity in spanish firms : regular versus occasional patterns j molero m buesa   
efficiellt concurrency control for broadcast environmqmts univ j shanmugasundaramâ ? ¦ of massachusetts technical report  
belief optimization for binary networks : a stable alternative to loopy belief propagation . accepted m welling yw teh  2001.0 
artificial intelligence and software engineering : a survey of possibilities . d partridge information and software technology 1988.0 
recent bt patents pc smythe bt technology journal 1998.0 
the cohesive force between solid surfaces and the surface energy of solids rs bradley phil . mag  
the value of a ged in a choice-based experimental sample g cave j bos  1994.0 
negotiating the margins : some principles for responding to our students ' writing some strategies e hodges new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
development of physics text corpora for latent semantic analysis dr franceschetti a karnavat j marineau gl   
intentional student development and retention . mmg stodt new directions for higher education 1987.0 
â ?? using nexrad precipitation data as input to hydrologic models . ad nicks fr scheibe proc. 28th awra annual conf . and symposium on managing & hellip ;  
shoring up persistent applications proc . of the 1994 acm sigmod conference m carey d dewitt j naughton m solomonâ ? ¦ minneapolis mn may  
the nutrient factor queuine : biosynthesis occurrence in transfer rna and function . h kersten biofactors i 1988.0 
sql multimedia and application packages ( sql/mm ) j melton sigmod record 2001.0 
1990 . the r - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
electronic commerce and web technologies k bauknecht sk madria g pernul  2001.0 
positrons in solids p hautojarvi  1979.0 
data networks as cascades : explaining the multifractal nature of internet wan trac a feldmann a gilbert w willinger proc . acm sigcomm  
dutton dean emeritus of the penn state university college of earth and mineral sciences t estimate was rendered by john   
mobility-based predictive call admission control and bandwidth reservation in wireless cellular f yu vcm leung computer networks 2002.0 
pre-and post-colonial sediment sources and storage in the lower neuse basin north carolina jd phillips physical geography  
responding to success and failure . h mills new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
querying web metadata : native score management and text support in databases is altingovde a al-hamdani z meralozsoyoglu acm transactions on database systems 2004.0 
mental health services administration . ( 2001 ) . summary of findings from the 2000 national household s abuse   
eufid : the end user friendly interface to data management systems i kameny j weiner m crilley j burger r gates vldb 1978.0 
efficient processing of spatial joins using r-trees acm sigmod intl t brinkhoff hp kriegel b seeger conference on management of data  
incremental generation of parser for knowledge manipulation in prolog i foucherot i blot f jacquenet 10th logic programming workshop zurich switzerland & hellip ;  
proposed variations to the territory plan fb club   
gene functional analysis from heterogeneous data p pavlidis j weston j cai wn grundy submitted for publication  
a mollusk survey of klamath and sycan marshes and vicinity tj frest ej johannes deixis consultants seattle washington . ii  
high-performance frontends for trace processors qa jacobson  1999.0 
experimental optical fibre digital pulse-position modulation system nm calvert mjn sibley rt unwin electronic letters 1988.0 
genetic algorithm + simulated annealing = genocop ii : a tool for nonlinear programming z michalewicz n attia submitted for publication  
human resource systems and sustained competitive advantage : a competency-based perspective aa lado mc wilson the academy of management review 1994.0 
an approach to maximum credible accident analysis of cluster of industries kv raghvan mm mallikarjunan proc . envirotech international conference bombay india  
kerberos authentication and workstation services and kerberos authentication at project athena . d davis r swick  1990.0 
an overview of evolutionary algorithms : practical issues and common pitfalls ld whitley   
quantum cryptography and secure optical communications . sj phoenix pd townsend bt technology journal 1993.0 
designing secure web-based applications for microsoft windows 2000 m howard m levy r waymire  2000.0 
lifting the burden of history from adaptive query processing a deshpande jm hellerstein proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
classes : an abstract data type facility for the c language b stroustrup acm sigplan notices 1982.0 
at al. : r * - tree : an efficent and robust access method for points and rectangles b norbertâ ? ¦ proc . of acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
microfabrication by femtosecond laser irradiation h misawa hb sun s juodkazis m watanabe s proc . spie 2000.0 
investigations on silviculture and productivity of the virgin forest scatlã © / brigels . fw hillgarter  1971.0 
dominance relationships of tree associated herbs in some california grasslands vt parker  1977.0 
transactive memory : a contemporary analysis of the group mind dm wegner theories of group behavior 1987.0 
a case for fractured mirrors rrdj dewitt q su   
swallow tail streamer is a mechanical device for self deflection of tail leading edge enhancing ra norberg proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
zavodskaya laboratoriya ap gulyaev vn nikitin no . i  
the impact of residual renal function on the adequacy of peritoneal dialysis nh lameire contributions to nephrology 1998.0 
the input and output of chinese and japanese characters jk huang ieee computer  
the paternal methylation imprint of the mouse h19 locus is acquired in the gonocyte stage during t ueda k abe a miura m yuzuriha m zubair m genes to cells 2000.0 
contracts for higher-order functions rb findler m felleisen   
improved query performance with variant indexes [ a ] . acm po ` neil d quass proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
standards of practice rm dawes scientific standards of psychological practice : issues and & hellip ;  
non-reversible privacy transformations sp reiss mj post t dalenius proceedings of the 1st acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1982.0 
3d tv : a scalable system for real-time acquisition transmission and autostereoscopic display of w matusik h pfister proc . of acm siggraph  
molecular genetics of amyloid neuropathy in europe ij holt ae harding l middleton g chrysostomou lancet i 1989.0 
extending the uml for modelling variability for system families s robak b franczyk k politowicz   
physical pharmacy 3 rded . ( indian ed . ) a martin j swarbrick a cammerata  1991.0 
maximum-likelihood blind equalization m ghosh cl weber proc . spie 1991.0 
detection of anticardiolipin antibody in patients with cocaine abuse . ga fritsma jb leikin aj maturen cj froelich do journal of emergency medicine 1991.0 
diabetic neuropathic foot ulcers-the association of wound size wound duration and wound grade on dj margolis l allen-taylor o hoffstand ja look  
a model of geographical and industrial diversification sb ramos unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
nuclear power plant with bn-600 reactor ai leipunskii ii afrikantov is golovninâ ? ¦ at .  
remote api to the bow expert systems shell ve zaitsev sy lukashevich dv soshnikov kr moscow aviation technical university  
the concept of the firm in economic geography m taylor b asheim economic geography  
object-oriented modelling of hyperstructure : overcoming the static link deficiency h maurer n scherbakov k andrews p srinivasan information and software technology  
knowledge discov-ery in databases : an attribute oriented approach proc j han y cat n cercone vldb  
vulcan : binary translation in a distributed environment ash edwards h vo technical report msrtr-2001-50 microsoft research  
the context interchange mediator prototype s bressan   
fine-grained sharing in a page server dbms m carey m franklin m zaharioudakis proc . of acm  
top off codeview debugging with cv/iceing r knoblaugh pc magazine 1993.0 
millimeter wave radar for meteorological observations r lhermitte c frush conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
x consortium . x11r5 configuration management in the x window system j fulton mit laboratory for computer science . ( available from x11r5/mit /  
teachersâ ?? perceptions of the block schedule jh hulce  2000.0 
repeated sputum inductions induce a transient neutrophilic and eosinophilic response h van der vaart ds postma w timens hf kauffman  2004.0 
c. and pires f. 1994 databases for gis b medeiros sigmod  
ocular injuries in battered women . s beck s feitag n singer journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
text filtering by boosting naive bayesian classifiers yh kim sy hahn bt zhang proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;  
liberal learning in engineering education : the wpi experience . knowing and doing : learning through wr grogan fc lutz le schachterle new directions for teaching and learning  
anytime anywhere learning pilot programme : a microsoft uk supported laptop project : learning gains d passey reading : microsoft  
a sophisticated tracking algorithm for air traffic control surveillance radar data hap blom proc . int . conf . on  
learning environments and environmental education p belanger new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
part-based shape retrieval m tanase rc veltkamp   
the worldinfo assistant : spatio-temporal information integration on the web jl ambite ca knoblock mr kolahdouzan m muslea proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
daml + oil : a reason-able web ontology language i horrocks lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
dynamic video summarization and visualization n jeho ht ahmed proc . of acm multimedia  
thermal fatigue damage in pb-in solder interconnections bn agarwala proceedings of the 23rd ieee international reliability & hellip ;  
international and domestic evaluation : comparisons and insights rf conner new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
inversion layer mobility : characterization modeling and simulation jt watt src technical review design sciences stanford university & hellip ;  
investigating the capture integration and access problem of ubiquitous computing in an educational gd abowd cg atkeson j brotherton t enqvist p   
aprendizaje con la internet : una aproximaciã ³ n crãtica bi enseã ± anza san diego university  
testing a system specified using statecharts and z rm hierons s sadeghipour h singh   
age and alzheimer disease w bondareff lancet i 1983.0 
selected readings from software engineering : ieee computer society press 1997 m dorfman r thayer   
skill station models for teaching incision and drainage of abscesses felons and paronychia to fl cole e ramirez j mickanin journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
07632 usa 1995 nj cliffs   
a review and empirical evaluation of feature weighting methods for a class of lazy learning d wettschereck dw aha t mohri artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
polytene chromosomes and their use in species studies of malaria vectors as exemplified by the ca green v baimai proc . int . congr . genet  
separation power of a gas centrifuge and some errors in optimizing it oe aleksandrov at .  
searching the net j munro r kwon pc magazine dec  
concurrent maintenance of skip lists university of maryland at college park college park w pugh md  
improving object-oriented user interfaces with constraints rk ege information and software technology 1991.0 
problem-based learning in medicine and beyond : a brief overview hs barrows new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
mutual encapsulation of internetwork protocols jf shoch d cohen ea taft computer networks  
monitoring of selections of visual stimuli and the primate frontal cortex m petrides proceedings : biological sciences 1991.0 
a popularity-based prediction model for web prefetching x chen   
discovering object categories in image collections j sivic bc russell aa efros a zisserman wt   
tutorial : what is a data base ? ( abstracts taken from an original paper presented during the sigbdp h tellier acm sigmod record 1973.0 
a new model for packet schedulingin multihop wireless networks h luo s lu v bharghavan proceedings of acm  
factor viii concentrates is purer better ` xx international congress of the world federation of lm aledort book of abstracts athens greece  
managing total business integration m govekar procs . of the gartner symposium  
if nothing on e-mail is private just say so e dyson computerworld  
i mumick and v. subra . hmanian . maintaining views incrementally a gupta proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
radiation characteristics of spent nuclear fuel and wastes using nonaqueous reprocessing methods eo adamov ba gabaraev ik ganevâ ? ¦ at .  
encountering search committees . jf lawrence tj marchese new directions for higher education 1990.0 
social serendipity : proximity sensing and cueing n eagle a pentland   
an ecological history of the province lands cape cod national seashore ca mccaffrey unpublished manuscript  
the active database management systems manifesto kr dittrich s gatziu a geppert sigmod record  
sb thomas for the hires collaboration jn matthews proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf . ( tsukuba )  
regulã ¦ ad directionem ingenii ( vers 1728 ) r descartes   
alex-a simple and efficient scanner generator h mossenbock acm sigplan notices 1986.0 
hellerstein ( 1992 ) . behaviour of database production rules : termination confluence and observable a aiken j widom proceedings acm sigmod international conference on the  
symposium on stars gas and dust in the galaxy to honor eugenio e. mendoza v. a arellano ferro m rosado proceedings of the symposium held august 25-27 1993 in & hellip ; 1994.0 
resettable zero-knowledge r canetti o goldreich s goldwasser s micali   
the network as a global database : challenges of interoperability proactivity interactiveness pc lockemann a koschel r kramer r nikolai m proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
supporting valid-time indeterminacy ce dyreson rt snodgrass acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 
making sense of the x factor n stam pc magazine january  
instruction set summary of the april/sparc processor â ?? alewife systems memo # 2 l beng-hong  1990.0 
experience with the vhdl environment m loughzail m cote m aboulhamid e cerny design automation conference 1988 . proceedings. 25th acm / & hellip ; 1988.0 
creating practical knowledge a quigley g kuhne new directions for adult and continuing education  
oxidation-reduction potentials of organic systems william and wilkins baltimore wm clark md  
methods and application of phonetic label alignment in speech processing tasks j nouza m myslivec radioengineering-prague - 2000.0 
applied logistic regression : john wiley & sons dw hosmer s lemeshow new york  
mining frequent patterns without candidate j han j pei y yin proc . 2000 acmsigmod int . conf . on management of data ( & hellip ;  
challenges rewards and costs for feminist and ethnic minority scholars p bronstein new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
physical design for surface-micromachined mems gk fedder t mukherjee   
cveps - a compressed video editing and parsing system j meng sf chang   
adding disjunction to datalog t eiter g gottlob h mannila   
and vitter j. supporting incremental join queries on ranked inputs a natsev yc chang j smith cs li  2001.0 
wrp : final report on vermontâ ?? s welfare restructuring project d bloom r hendra c michalopoulos c redcross s  2002.0 
assembly planning in a virtual environment rg dewarâ ? ¦   
birch : anecient dataclusteringmethod forvery large databases t zhang r ramakrishnan m livny proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
mathematical methods : what we need and donâ ?? t need dl parnas ieee computer  
whatâ ?? s holding up dvd ? s rupley pc  
tauber computers are social actors c nass proceedings of acm  
elementary number theory in a discrete mathematics class : the rsa cryptosystem sj sugden at delta  
processes supporting teacher change within a school-based professional development program pj lin proceedings of the national science councilâ ?? part d : & hellip ;  
mot ett nytt fã ¶ rhã ¥ llningssã $ tt i regionalpolitiken l ramfelt i sou  
preliminary clinical experience with biodegradable plate and screw fixation m ninkovic a rumer a kofler & hellip ; of the european union demonstration project bmh4â ?? 98â ?? & hellip ;  
distributed data structures in linda n carriero d gelernter j leichter proceedings of the 13th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ; 1986.0 
quantitative hydrogeology : academic press g de marsily san diego  
integrating and customizing heterogeneous e-commerce applications a eyal t milo the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
evaluation of the necessity of a college level hosptality management program in southwest florida m goodman  2002.0 
very large data bases r ng j han proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;  
timing models for mos circuits sj wilton np jouppi technical report integrated circuits laboratory stanford  
leadership in the shaping and implementation of collaboration agendas : how things happen in a ( not c huxham s vangen academy of management journal 2000.0 
haystack : a platform for authoring end user semantic web applications d quan d huynh dr karger lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
db2 common server : technology progress & directions b lindsay proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
chemeca 95 3 : 45â ?? 49 canberra : the institution of engineers australia t srinorakutara z zhang cr thomas isbn  
andm . f. kaashoek . fugu : implementingtranslationand protection ina multiuser k mackenzie j kubiatowicz a agarwal  1994.0 
on improved multiuser detection with soft decision interference cancellation a lampe j huber proc . int . conf .  
promoting universal usability with multi-layer interface design b shneiderman   
on the propagation of laminar motion through a turbulently moving inviscid liquid w thomson phil . mag  
her life and chants a estrada m sabina santa barbara california : ross-erikson  
toward a multilevel secure relational data model r sandhu s jajodia acm international conference on management of data ( sigmod )  
19 cambridge 1916 t no   
ddr-distributed dynamic routing algorithm for mobile ad hoc networks n nikaein h labiod c bonnet mobihoc proceedings 2000.0 
theoretical and experimental determinations of the transfer function of a laminar premixed flame s ducruix d durox s candel proceedings-combustion institute 2000.0 
iml-inscribed nets for modeling text processing and data ( base ) management systems g richter vldb  
movements and associated behaviour ofwoodland caribou in central manitoba mw shoesmith dr storey proc . int . congr . game biol  
processing deficits and the mediation of positive affect in persuasion dm mackie lt worth journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
the 1979 canada-usa cooperative bacillus thuringiensis spray trials against the spruce budworm on morris washington seattle washington  
an efficient index structure for high dimensional image data js yoo mk shin sh lee ks choi kh cho dy hur   
catc hingthe boat with strudel : experiences with aw eb-sitemanagement system m fernandez d florescu j kang a levy proceedings of  
trajectory based forwarding and its applications d niculescu b nath   
control systems theory for linear repetitive processes-recent progress and open research problems e rogers k galkowski dh owens applied mathematics and computer science 1997.0 
in re . the personal restraint of andre bringham young and vance cunningham brief of amicus curiae d summers seattle washington state psychiatric association  
specification of the blaze-a-trail interactive trail mapping system l montulli d collier s gilliland j reeves procs . of the intl. conf . serp-2004  
ecosystem processes component level 1 interpretive report no. 10 . chesapeake biological laboratory ( wr boynton wm kemp jm barnes ll matteson fm md  
a and healey rw 1935 va bailey phil . mag  
the national medical knowledge bank w sterling proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
acyclovir for treating varicella in otherwise healthy children and adolescents tp klassen em belseck n wiebe l hartling cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
residential gateways pm bull pr benyon pr limb bt technology journal 2002.0 
r. kumar v. : mining needles in a haystack : classifying rare classes via two-phase rule induction ma joshi proceedings of acm  
personal goals and subjective well-being : a longitudinal study jc brunstein journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
fas-induced apoptosis and diseases caused by its abnormality s nagata genes to cells 1996.0 
the change masters rm kanter   
strategic changes and frameworks affecting future oss/bss in the telecommunications industry jmm potter ar brady bt technology journal 2005.0 
an approach to novelty detection applied to the classification of image regions s singh m markou ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
a localizing geiger counter sgf frank phil . mag 1951.0 
equivalence of views by query capacity ct connors proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
leveraging the information asset j perna   
an inexpensive stereoscopic vision system for robots w teoh xd zhang proc . int . conf . robotics 1984.0 
2-d fluid transport simulations of gaseous/radiative divertors td rognlien pn brown rb campbell tb kaiser contributions to plasma physics 1994.0 
on saying ã cents â ? ¬ å?enough already ! ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in sql mj carey d kossmann proc . acm sigmod  
anonymous fingerprinting b pfitzmann m waidner lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
concept-based querying in mediator systems ku sattler i geist e schallehn the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
whiteboard scanning and image enhancement z zhang l he   
what theories of motivation say about why learners learn . jh mcmillan dr forsyth new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
cache conscious indexing fordecision-support inmainmemory jrka ross proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;  
the interaction of students ' self-reported motivation and strategies and situational motivation and s jaã?rvelaã ? m niemivirta k hakkarainen  1999.0 
lattice machine : version space in hyper relations h wang i duntsch g gediga a skowron   
influence of cytokine genotypes on allograft rejection iv hutchinson dm turner d sankaran mr awad pj transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
teor . i lksperim il knunyants ga sokol ` skii ma belaventsev khim. i  
vibrations in structures . h bachmann w ammann iabse eth-hoenggerberg ch-8093 zurich ( switzerland ) 1987 & hellip ; 1987.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?nonlinear functions for blind separation and equalization ã cents â ? ¬ â ? ph. d h mathis dissertation eth zã?â 1/4 rich zurich switzerland nov. .  
optimization of boolean expressions in object bases a kemper g moerkotte m steinbrunn proc . int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )  
ande m carey m franklin m livny & hellip ; â ?? in proc . acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
mapping of common management information services to corba object services specification s mazumdar   
what is new about the digital economy ? bf schmid electronic markets 2001.0 
solid state ionics sp jiang jg love submitted for  
where are we heading ? . jl fisher new directions for higher education 1979.0 
new trends in space program management eg howard s kirkner   
electronic market : the roadmap for university libraries and members to survive in the information m christoffel s pulkowski b schmitt pc acm sigmod record 1998.0 
case survey methodology : quantitative analysis of patterns across case studies r larsson the academy of management journal 1993.0 
individual differences in anterior brain asymmetry and fundamental dimensions of emotion aj tomarken rj davidson re wheeler rc doss journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
daffe/clp/wp3 / wd ( 2001 ) 11 r by switzerland   
vital signs a bezaitis pc magazine  
individuell vardplanering-hur ser det vetenskapliga undelaget ut ? k asplund v alton a norberg a willman vard i norden 2000.0 
aspect-oriented logic meta programming k de volder td ` hondt lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
instructional consultation in a statewide setting ma kerwin new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
birch : an efficient data clustering method for very large databasesâ '' jagadish hv mumick is eds t zhang r ramakrishnan m livny proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
processor allocation strategies for multiprocessor database machines h boral dj dewitt acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
the evolution of customer middleware requirements jm deutsch parallel and distributed information systems 1994. & hellip ;  
functional partitioning for hardware-codesign codesign using genetic algorithms ji hidalgo j lanchares proceedings of the 23rd euromicro conference  
generalized gamma networks p sebastiani m ramoni technical report university of massachusetts department of  
arista : knowledge engineering with scientific texts j kontos information and software technology 1992.0 
territorial competition and locational advantage in the london region ir gordon american association of geographers annual conference & hellip ;  
a practical scheme for non-interactiveveriable secret sharing p feldman proc . 28th ieee symp . on foundations of comp .  
jun gu . a structured approach for vlsi circuit design kf smith ieee computer  
programming languages and databases mp atkinson vldb 1978.0 
somlib : a digital library system based on neural networks a rauber d merkl   
sol-gel glass solid state lasers doped with organic molecules c whitehurst dj shaw ta king   
linear hashing with partial expansions pa larson vldb 1980.0 
directional bias in intra-urban migration js adams economic geography 1969.0 
treatment of kaposi 's sarcoma in hiv-1 infected individuals with emphasis on resource poor settings m dedicoat m vaithilingum r newton cochrane database syst .  
using laser to produce a new material for the automtive industry w prange c schneider & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
work hardening of dispersion-hardened crystals mf ashby phil . mag  
comparison of cmos pla and polycell representations of control logic cm gerveshi proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
special section on data management issues in e-commerce a dogac acm sigmod record  
easing the transition to an rbrvs-based physician compensation system pp louiselle   
aspiration of free blood from the peritoneal cavity does not mandate immediate laparotomy . k nagy j fildes e sloan journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
microbioengineering : microbe capture and detection c lloyd hy mason m dice c estes a duncan b proceedings of the 23rd annual international conference of & hellip ;  
great works for the 21st century : a critical role for the modern research university ar newton proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
forget roiâ ?? just install it r weston c stedman computerworld  
high speed on-line backup when using logical log operations db lomet sigmod conference 2000.0 
the electronic century part i : beginnings j chadabe electronic musician  
testing the neoclassical model of family labor supply and fertility tp schultz the journal of human resources 1990.0 
assessing the prospects for liberal learning and careers . cs green iii r salem new directions for teaching and learning 1988.0 
ball grid array fine pitch peripheral interconnections js hwang   
applying bootstrap method to simulation output analysis c rea w shiue c xu proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface . & hellip ;  
monolithic capacitive pressure sensor with cmos readout circuit m ylimaula m ã?berg j kiihamã $ ki h ronkainen proc . 29th european solid-state circuits  
theme parks : laboratories for digital entertainment c stapleton acm press siggraph series 1998.0 
allometric growth and the beverton and holt yield equation gj paulik le gales & hellip ; institute university of washington seattle washington  
the phantom public w lippmann   
foxbox : a system for manipulating symbolic objects in black box representation . o. gloor editor a diaz e kaltofen  1998.0 
lnside com d rogerson  1997.0 
patents in e-commerce s alexander computerworld  
intelligent database caching through the use of page-answers and page-traces n kamel r king acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
cortico-hippocampal interplay and the representation of contexts in the brain r miller  1991.0 
one emergency department 's guidelines for the care of suicidal patients v bradley c shawler journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
fifth-year report : milwaukee parental choice program 1997 jf witte td sterrâ ? ¦ madison wisconsin university of  
the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications ea rundensteiner ha kuno yg ra v crestana-taube sigmod conference 1996.0 
drug use patterns among high school athletes and nonathletes ah naylor d gardner l zaichkowsky adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
impairment of dna repair in the course of long-term hemodialysis and under cyclosporine s vamvakas u bahner p becker a steinle r gotz transplant proc 1996.0 
anomalous behavior of the upper critical field in extreme type-ii superconductors at low s dukan o vafek   
variational resolutions of non self-adjoint equations and dissipative evolutions ( 2004 ) n ghoussoub a lagrangians   
evolutionary algorithm performance profiles on the adaptive distributed management problem mj oates bt technology journal  
mutual dependencies and some results on undecomposable relations jm nxcholas proc . 4th int . conf . very large data bases { west berlin  
schizophrenia : emil kraepelin adolph meyer and beyond mj tueth journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
concurrency control in database structures with relaxed balance o nurmi e soisalon-soininen d wood proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
supporting applications with network intelligence and b-isdn gl bruce ja clark bt technology journal 1998.0 
load balancing and data locality in parallel hierarchical n-body simulation jp singh c holt t totsuka a gupta jl hermessy technical report csl-tr-92-505 stanford university february  
case standard comes overseas for unix arena . a cortese computerworld  
integrating automatic data acquisition with business processes-experiences with sap 's auto-id t lin s haller j schaper proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
r. g unthor und c. mohan : failure handling in large scale workflow management systems g alonso m kamath d agrawal a el abbadi technischer bericht rj9913 ibm almaden research center  
large-scale structures in rayleighâ ?? benard convection and flow over waves a gunther  2001.0 
evolving interpretations as a change unfolds : how managers construe key organizational events la isabella the academy of management journal 1990.0 
an introduction to probability theory and its applications w feller  1957.0 
misperception of exponential growth and the psychological magnitude of numbers wa wagenaar see wegener  
european testbed for broadband communication reference applications and infrastructure k jonas k rebensburg tubkom technical university berlin  
strategy for a dod software initiative ew martin ieee computer  
optimism is associated with mood coping and immune change in response to stress sc segerstrom se taylor me kemeny jl fahey journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
dpf : fast flexible packet demultiplexing dr engler mf kaashoek proceedings of acm  
surface elastic waves rm white proc . ieee  
modelling crystallization of polymers in temperature elds ( 1998 ) m burger v capasso g eder   
a '' key '' to lawrence durrell aw friedman wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
dial access platform j chuter bt technology journal 2000.0 
academic business affairs lm dooley new directions for higher education 2000.0 
future research on exergy and its application : simultaneous resolution of energy and environment h jin  1999.0 
zippered polygon meshes from range images g turk m levoy proceedings of siggraph 1994.0 
main gearbox with higher survivability and reliability p maret c varailhon european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
transport phenomena . john wiley and sons new york 1960 rb bird we stewart en lightfoot   
evolution of the frameworks quagmire sa sheard   
generalized trees to give denotational semantics to finite delay g winskel unpublished  
data base decomposition in a hierarchical computer system portal.acm.org   
fundamental algorithms on reconfigurable meshes s olariu jl schwing j zhang proc . 29th ann . allerton conf . comm. control and computing  
ecological study of sylvilagus brasiliensis meridensis in an andean venezuelan paramo . p : 182-203 p durant procs . world lagom . conf . university of guelph ontario & hellip ;  
s. and wigderson a. how to play any mental game | a completeness theorem for protocols with honest om goldreich proc . acm  
efficient portability across memory hierarchies g bilardi e peserico unpublished manuscript  
xml-based information mediation with mix . in in demo session acm-sigmodâ ?? 99 c baru a gupta b ludaescher r marciano y  1999.0 
women state legislators womenâ ?? s organizations and the representation of womenâ ?? s culture in the sj carroll see bystydzienski  
performance of multi-hop wireless ad hoc network routing protocols j broch d maltz d johnson y hu j jetcheva proceedings of acm/ieee  
beer from maize cb pfeninger f schur aj wieg process european brewing convention zurich switzerland  
ssch : slotted seeded channel hopping for capacity improvement in ieee 802.11 ad-hoc wireless p bahl r chandra j dunagan   
a transaction recovery method supporting fine-granularity locking and partial rollbacks using write - c mohan d haderle b lindsay h pirahesh p ibm research report rj6649 ibm almaden research centre & hellip ;  
deeper in debt : the impact of the 1992 reauthorization of the higher education act on within-year j cofer p somers & hellip ; for institutional research forum seattle washington  
percutaneous transluminal angioplasty and stenting for carotid artery stenosis f crawley mm brown cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a transportable natural language database update system s salveter proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
ten conversion myths from indonesia r jones conversion to islam  
a case of bilharzia of the vagina fc madden the lancet i  
the impact of cultural values on employee resistance to teams : toward a model of globalized self - bl kirkman dl shapiro the academy of management review 1997.0 
combining histograms and parametric curve fitting for feedback-driven query result-size estimation a konig g weikum proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
typing dynamic typing ai baars sd swierstra   
more programming pearls : confessions of a coder j bentley  1988.0 
the spaces and times of globalization : place scale networks and positionality e sheppard economic geography  
maier . rapidbushyjoin-orderoptimizationwithcartesian products b vanceandd inproceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
tables for x-ray crystallography ( 1974 vol . iv ) . i metal m amides t parameters g quantities acc . chem .  
knowledge-based fault detection system using evolutive observer approach j korbicz j kus systems science-wroclaw - 1997.0 
strakovskaya ls kremenehugskii r ya at .  
how computers are transforming higher education . rg gillespie new directions for higher education 1983.0 
evaluation of workflow-type software products : a case study m perez t rojas information & software technology 2000.0 
progress in crystal physics ( s. viswanathan madras 1958 ) rs krishnan vol .  
preservation solutions for transplantation f muhlbacher f langer c mittermayerâ ? ¦ transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
cerebrospinal fluid da jerrard jr hanna gl schindelheim journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
hyperbaric oxygen therapy for multiple sclerosis m bennett r heard cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
naturalistic evaluation eg guba new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 
regression diagnostics : identifying influential data and sources of collinearity da belsley e kuh re welsch   
anvil-a generic annotation tool for multimodal dialogue m kipp proceedings of eurospeech  
a platform for dutch in human language technologies j beeken e dewallef ed ` halleweyn proceedings of lrec2000 athens greece  
towards a formal approach for object database design p poncelet m teisseire r cicchetti l lakhal   
semistructured and structured data in the web : going back and forth p atzeni g mecca p merialdo sigmod record 1997.0 
evaluation of the 2-poisson model as a basis for using term frequency data in searching vv raghavan h shi ct yu acm sigir forum 1983.0 
designer drugs '' - a current perspective . da jerrard journal of emergency medicine 1990.0 
'' economic comparisons of data communication services hc ratz ja field computer  
processing star queries on hierarchically-clustered fact tables n karayannidis a tsois tk sellis r pieringer v vldb 2002.0 
fdm -- functional data model b housel sb yao v waddle proc . 5th int . conf . very large data bases ( rio de janeiro & hellip ;  
report on the vldb workshop on technologies for e-services ( tes ) f casati u dayal mc shan acm sigmod record 2000.0 
the xps approach to loading and unloading terabyte databases s atal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
grand challenges in embedded systems j sztipanovits j glossner t mudge c rowen a proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
additional resources . jdw andrews new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
algorithmic aspects in large deformation contact analysis using â ?? â ?? solid-shellâ ?? â ?? elements m harnau a konyukhov k schweizerhof submitted for  
microsoft application center 2000 component load balancing technologie overview c rees microsoft september  
dynamic spectrum utilization in ad hoc networks [ star open ] vr syrotiuk m cui s ramkumar cj colbourn computer networks 2004.0 
disrupting the '' quotidian '' : reconceptualizing the relationship between breakdown and the the da snow dm cress l downey aw jones mobilization-san diego - 1998.0 
information paradox pa strassmann computerworld  
secure xml publishing without information leakage in the presence of data inference x yang c li proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
surface interface anal mp seach wa dench  1979.0 
design of an optical ground station for in-orbit check-out of free space laser communication rh czichy z sodnik b furch proc . spie 1995.0 
plumage coloration as a signal of social status jc senar proc . int . ornithol . congr  
de vey mestdagh-markt 51-4331 lk middelburg-nederland w wuich ll solderen   
questions of controllability and observability for nonuniformly sampled discrete systems a fuster jm guillen   
proteomic patterns of cultured breast cancer cells and epithelial mammary cells i pucci-minafra s fontana p cancemi g alaimo s annals-new york academy of sciences 2002.0 
defects in spinel crystals grown by the verneuil process mh lewis phil . mag  
best practices for the prevention and treatment of venous leg ulcers b kunimoto m cooling w gulliver p houghton h   
characterization of a full-field digital mammography detector based on direct x-ray conversion in jg yorker ls jeromin dl lee ef palecki kp proc . spie 2002.0 
difference methods for initial-value problems rd richtmyer kw morton   
spatial and directional filter characteristics of single units in the optic nerve of the california me mccourt  1982.0 
helping and voice extra-role behaviors : evidence of construct and predictive validity lv dyne ja lepine the academy of management journal 1998.0 
amodiaquine for treating malaria p olliaro p mussano cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
institutional arrangements and government performance in the brazilian federation . vd lledã ³  2003.0 
c. and damgard i. multiparty unconditionally secure protocols dc chaum proc . acm  
scacchi . softman : anenvironmentforforwardandreverse case sc choiandw information and software technology  
on infinite groups with abelian centralizers of involutions vd mazurov algebra i logika  
low power cmos interface circuitry for sensors and actuators jh nielsen  2003.0 
just for fun . the story of an accidental revolutionary l torvalds d diamond   
factors affecting statewide planning . sv martorana new directions for higher education 1974.0 
falcon : feedback adaptive loop for content-based retrieval l wu c faloutsos kp sycara tr payne vldb 2000.0 
sharing the costs of higher education . student financial assistance in the united kingdom the db johnstone  1986.0 
é `` ? è ? ³ é ¦ ¨ å 3/4 ® ç ?? ç ? © é ? ¶ æ ?? é?µç ?? å ? `` è ? ¡ è ¯ ? æ ? ¥ å ?? å · ? è ?? ç § ? æ ?? æ ³ ? æ ° ¸ è ??   
efficient and generalized group signatures advances in cryptology-eurocryptâ ?? 97 lncs 1233 j camenisch  1997.0 
oo what have they done to db2 ? mj carey dd chamberlin s narayanan b vance d proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ; 1999.0 
public-key functions as intractable as factorization . '' m rabin d signatures mit/lcs/tr -212 mit laboratory for computer science cambridge  
evaluation within the us department of health and human services office of inspector general mf mangano new directions for program evaluation  
vitterj ( 2001 ) supporting incrementaljoinqueriesonrankedinputs cyc natseva lcs smithj & hellip ; 27th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
assessing interdisciplinary learning m field r lee ml field new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
on the menu : the growth of self-efficacy j alleman j brophy social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
design for test of megabit drams r krausâ ? ¦ proc . intâ ?? l test conl  
note on the motion of fluid in a curved pipe wr dean  1927.0 
e-books reloaded s rupley pc magazine  
ontounoua : a mechanism to support portable ontologies tr gruber  1992.0 
orientation dependence of energy dissipation during plastic deformation of fcc crystals d nakada phil . mag  
pretruncal nonaneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage efm wijdicks gm miller mayo clinic proceedings 1998.0 
the attribution of blame : causality responsibility and blameworthiness kg shaver  1985.0 
the architecture of a uml virtual machine d riehle s fraleigh d bucka-lassen n omorogbe   
the north american breeding bird survey results and analysis 1966-2002 . version 2003.1 usgs jr sauer je hines j fallon   
d-cycloserine for alzheimer 's disease k laake ar oeksengaard cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
reconsidering the diagnosis and treatment of very young children with autistic spectrum or pervasive si greenspan zero to three  
electrical stimulation of the ventral sacral nerve roots : selective activtion in patients njm rijkhoff l hendrikx fmj debrunye h wijkstra proceedings of the international continence society 25 & hellip ;  
recent bt patents ad ellis bt technology journal 1997.0 
gender and organizational performance : determinants of small business survival and success al kalleberg kt leicht the academy of management journal 1991.0 
mussel aquaculture in puget sound d skidmore kk chew  1985.0 
the social psychology of creativity tm amabile  1983.0 
supramolecular metal-organometallic coordination networks based on quinonoid-complexes m oh gb carpenter da sweigart acc . chem . res 2004.0 
no. 102-294 102d cong. 2d s rep sess . at  
flow cytometry analysis : a high technology crossmatch technique facilitation transplantation mr garovoy ma rheinschmidt m bigosâ ? ¦  1983.0 
user profile replication for faster location lookup in mobile communications n shivakumar j widom proc . acm/ieee mobicomâ ?? 95  
thermodynamic and kinetic analyses for understanding sequence-specific dna recognition m oda h nakamura genes to cells 2000.0 
the politics of workplace literacy : a case study sg gowen  1992.0 
object manipulation in virhml ~ . nvirnnme . nt . ~ : hnnman hia . consistency a_n_d i_n_dividua ! y wang cl mackenzie va summers proceedings of acm  
automata theory for xml researchers f neven sigmod record 2002.0 
why americans donâ ?? t study foreign languages and what we can do about that dl sigsbee new directions for higher education 2002.0 
program ( sped ) . 1996 m lloyd usped kearns & hellip ; single parent employment demonstration program : kearns  
choose your 200 c venezia pc magazine  
the two cultures of environmental management c anderson proceedings of the 25 thannual environmental workshop  
j. . s. vitter . scalable sweeping-based spatial join l arge o procopiuc s ramaswamy t suel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
working with metafiles : modifying and sharing vector-oriented images c petzold pc magazine  
development of annular coupled structure t kageyamaâ ? ¦ procs . of the 1994 linear accelerator conference  
logging and wildfire influence on grizzly bear habitat in northwestern montana p zager c jonkel j habeck international conference on bear research and management  
some very large data bases in developing countries sp ghosh af cardenas i mijares g wiederhold very large data bases 1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ; 1979.0 
data model for extensible support of explicit relationships in design databases j peckham b mackellar m doherty the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
parlay x web services h lofthouse mj yates r stretch bt technology journal 2004.0 
exercise for osteoarthritis of the hip or knee m fransen s mcconnell m bell cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
survey of applications integrating constraint satisfaction and case-based reasoning mh sqalli l purvis ec freuder   
know my network : expertise in intrusion detection jr goodall wg lutters ai komlodi proc . acm cscw  
integrated placement/routing in sliced layouts aa szepieniec proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
surfing wavelets on streams : one-pass summaries for approximate aggregate queries ac gilbert y kotidis s muthukrishnan m strauss vldb 2001.0 
views of nature : the environment values and literature . r lutts new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
generation of views of tv content using tv viewersâ ?? perspectives expressed in live chats on the h miyamori s nakamura k tanaka proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
bhavani thuraisingham the mitre corporation burlington road bedford ma t r & d sigmod record 1992.0 
supl :) orting transaction time in the relational algebra e mckenzie r snodgrass proceedings of the a cm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
ogneupory ii vishnevskii ld smirnova no . i  
duration neglect in retrospective evaluations of affective episodes bl fredrickson d kahneman journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
braking performance simulation for a tractor-semitrailer vehicle with an air brake system mw suh yk park sj kwon proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
new directions for mentoring : an organizational development perspective ma wunsch new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
andm . wolf ( 1998 ) â ?? inferenceforthemeanintheheavy-tailedcase â ?? jp romano technical report department of statistics stanford  
query previews for networked information systems : a case study with nasa environmental data q previews   
mining compressed frequent-pattern sets d xin j han x yan h cheng   
options in physical database design g graefe sigmod record 1993.0 
the long haul : an autobiography m horton  1990.0 
an optimisation scheme for coalesce/valid time selection operator sequences c vassilakis sigmod record 2000.0 
probabilistic information theory f jelinek new  
confidence sets for a shift parameter derived from fisherâ ?? s two-sample permutation test . p switzer  1974.0 
trusted components for the software industry b meyer c mingins h schmidt ieee computer  
the past is the past -- or is it ? the use of retrospective accounts as indicators of past strategy br golden the academy of management journal 1992.0 
the jobs evaluation : working paper 96.2 : monthly participation findings in the columbus jobs j weissman g hamilton  1996.0 
from actuarial to financial valuation principle m schweizer proc . 7th afir colloq . and 28th astin colloq. cairns joint & hellip ;  
a subdivision scheme for smooth interpolation of quad-mesh data lp kobbelt procs of  
neoral absorption profiling : an evolution in effectiveness p belitsky ga levy a johnston transplantation proceedings 2000.0 
risk reductions in metastatic breast cancer : multivariate poisson regression analyses of oral and iv jj body j kanis i diel b bergstrom proc asco  
pose and illumination compensation for 3d face recognition s malassiotis mg strintzis   
compiling scientific programs using partial evaluation a berlin d weise ieee computer  
running microsoft frontpage 2000 j buyens  1999.0 
blind extraction of stochastic and deterministic signals by neural network approach tp chen r chen proc . of 28th asilomar conference on signals systems and & hellip ;  
consumer commission ( accc ) 2003 a competition report to  
editorial s garrett d sheat bt technology journal 2002.0 
bigsur : a system for the management of earth science data m stonebraker p brown proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
daniel gruhl spiros papadimitriou r agrawal rj bayardo jr computer networks  
maintenance of views o shmueli a itai proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1984.0 
creating an energized workplace b nelson leader to leader  
p-integral bases of a quartic field defined by a trinomial s alaca submitted for  
ubinet : the ubiquitous internet will be wireless t lewis   
analysis of link cost functions for pnni routing a magi a szentesi b szviatovszki computer networks 2000.0 
shostak 's congruence closure as completion d kapur lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
ein morphologisches multiskalenverfahren zur segmentierung medizinischer bilder c thies v metzler t lehmann t aach procs bvm  
foundation of logic programming jw lloyd  1987.0 
an adaptive distributed airborne tracking system r clark ed jensen a kanevsky j maurer p lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
independent slip systems in crystals gw groves a kelly phil . mag  
public and private management of wastewater treatment : a comparative study lj o'toole jr new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
optimization of join operations in horizontally partitioned database systems a segev acm transactions on database systems 1986.0 
the area-time complexity of binary multiplication rp brent ht kung journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1981.0 
kafka and phenomenology : josef k. 's search for information cn pondrom wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
design of a multi-sender 3d videoconferencing application over an end system multicast protocol m hosseini nd georganas proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
crowns suckers and slips of smooth cayenne pineapples infested with diaspis bromeliae were i australia fumigation  
acoustic indicators of topic segmentation j hirschberg c nakatani   
in search of software maintenance productivity and quality : does software complexity matter ? rd banker sa slaughter proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
database management systems : relational object-relational and object-oriented data models ood models   
who opts out of state antitakeover protection ? : the case of pennsylvania 's sb 1310 s wahal   
disaster and development fc cuny   
the nucleus : panel discussion b donn study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
experimental investigation of turbulent oscillatory boundary layers bl jensen  1988.0 
combining simulative and metaphor-based reasoning about beliefs ja barnden s helmreich e iverson gc stein   
assessment instrument training b bogue  1999.0 
using financial incentives to manage the solid waste stream cj spindler new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
an adaptable service connector model l gang h yanbo z zhuofeng w jianwu rm wagner proceedings of  
gulf general atomic le kovar san diego  
understanding attitudes and predicting behavior i ajzen m fishbein new york  
semantic database models and their poetential for capturing imprecision e rundensteiner l bic conf . on management of data  
object-relational database systems : principles products and challenges mj carey nm mattos ak nori sigmod record 1997.0 
our family museum : a collection of family history notes ( personal home page ) '' jn churchyard   
principles of quality costs . ( 3 rded . ) milwaukee wisconsin : asq quality press j campanella  1999.0 
metalloporphyrins for treatment of unconjugated hyperbilirubinemia in neonates g suresh cl martin r soll cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
hancock . 3dsurface topography from intensity images p worthingtonande procs . international conference on computer vision  
recovering motion fields : an evaluation of eight optical flow algorithms b galvin b mccane k novins d mason s mills   
a p-complete problem and approximations to it rj anderson e mayr technical report stanford university  
international student affairs m wood p kia new directions for higher education 2000.0 
the varieties of religious experience w james   
the long-range shelling of paris and physical chemistry problems of extremely long-range firing a stettbacher & hellip ; at the physics society zurich switzerland 8 may 1919 & hellip ; 1986.0 
exploiting the block structure of theweb for computing pagerank sd kamvar th haveliwala cd manning gh golub technical report stanford university march 2003 . submitted on  
learning community history jm hugo new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
under-urbanization policies assessed : china 1949-1986 m ran bjl berry urban geography  
ã?ppna prioriteringar i ã?stergã ¶ tland k bã $ ckman p carlsson   
the adabas buffer pool manager h schijning   
diuretic therapy for newborn infants with posthemorrhagic ventricular dilatation a whitelaw cr kennedy lp brion cochrane database syst .  
processing of the nedd2 precursor by ice-like proteases and granzyme b nl harvey ja trapani t fernandes-alnemri g genes to cells 1996.0 
bad for business p gillin   
key issues for higher education in the 1980 s. c kerr new directions for higher education 1979.0 
autonomous query-driven index tuning ku sattler e schallehn i geist   
reference model for a marketing information system and its application h tuominen   
experimental studies on seedling ecology of norway spruce in the intermediate alpine mountain forest p brang  1996.0 
characterizing strong normalization in a language with control operators d dougherty s ghilezan p lescanne   
22209 united states of america store prescription request v rosslyn   
foreword gl stephens journal of geophysical research 1988.0 
monitoring the vernal advancement of natural vegetation.-nasa / gsfc final report greenbelt jw rouse rh hass ja schell dw deering jc md  
languages for multi-database interoperability f gingras lvs lakshmanan in subramanian d proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1997.0 
improving database design through the analysis of relationships d dey vc storey tm barron acm transactions on database systems 1999.0 
value-based software engineering : a case study b boehm   
scalable peer-to-peer networked virtual environment sy hu gm liao proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004.0 
anger and aggression : an essay on emotion jr averill  1982.0 
msl : a model for w3c xml schema a brown m fuchs j robie p wadler computer networks 2002.0 
an improved design formulation for design and optimization of operational amplifiers y chen me schlarmann rl geiger   
awareness attitudes and perceptions of regular education students towards students who receive sa johnson  2004.0 
composing crosscutting concerns using composition filters l bergmans m aksit communications-acm 2001.0 
wong 1978 : r. epstein m. stonebraker and e. wong distributed query processing in a relational s epstein proc . acm sigmod  
fast similarity search in the presence of noise r agrawal ki lin hs sawhney k shim scaling and translation in time-series databases âº very & hellip ;  
mining frequent patterns with out candidate generation j han j pei y yin proceedings ofacm international conference on management of & hellip ;  
model based fault detection and diagnosis methods r isermann & hellip ; of the american control conference seattle washington & hellip ; 1995.0 
a basis for evaluation of commercial software dj carney k wallnau   
adult education needs a code of ethics tj sork ba welock new directions for adult and continuing education  
distinguished database profiles : interview with jim gray m winslett sigmod record  
fuzzy multiple attribute decision making sj chen cl hwangâ ? ¦  1992.0 
neometric forcing s fajardo hj keisler   
poplar plants through anther culture rh ho ay raj l zsuffa proc . 28th north east tree improvement conference . univ. of & hellip ;  
a qualitative empirical study of case tool support to method learning d boukerroui o basset n guerin a baskurt lb information and software technology 1998.0 
using multiple models for therapy planning in dynamic environments o arnold  1993.0 
biocoenotic process patterns in the german bight w greve f reiners   
unfinished business s whittaker bt technology journal 2004.0 
video demystified : a handbook for the digital engineer k jack   
group decision making recognition heuristic and less-ismore effect t reimer k katsikopoulos unpublished manuscript  
shallow embedding of z in hol j bowen m gordon   
outcomes in the treatment of work-related carpal tunnel syndrome . tj craven seattle washington  
governing equations of piezoelectric plates with graded properties across the thickness pcy lee jd yâ ?? u   
the effect of single-family housing on multi-asset portfolio allocations dh gatzlaff unpublished manuscript  
operator placement for in-network stream query processing u srivastava k munagala j widom   
interconnection networks using shuffles py chen dh lawrie da padua pc yew ieee computer  
distinguishing optimism from pessimism : relations to fundamental dimensions of mood and personality gn marshall cb wortman jw kusulas lk hervig rr journal of personality and social psychology  
keeping and losing contrasts j kingston proc . 28th annu . meet . berkeley ling . soc. berkeley  
an introduction to spatial database systems portal.acm.org  1994.0 
efficiency of atm networks in transporting wide-area data traffic r caceres submitted for publication 1992.0 
dynamic simulation of a single-cylinder diesel engine including dynamometer modelling and friction yh zweiri jf whidborne ld seneviratne proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1999.0 
the diagnosis of acute appendicitis : clinical assessment versus computed tomography evaluation lk gwynn journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
behavioral level power estimation and exploration r mehra j rabaey   
the child 's world : geography around the home . pull-out feature 2 . na chicola eb english social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
haddad r. reasoning about spatial relationships in picture retrieval systems p sistla c yu   
requirements engineering : making the connection between the software developer and customer h saiedian r dale information & software technology 2000.0 
the synthesis of elastic dislocation fields frn nabarro phil . mag  
the microsoft sql server 2000 analysis services step by step r jacobson  2000.0 
reaching new heights in benchmark testing ml vanname b catchings pc magazine  
expression of the functional leptin receptor mrna in pancreatic islets and direct inhibitory action v emilsson yl liu ma cawthorne nm morton m diabetes-new  
recovery for index trees ds lomet b concurrency vldb journal  
summary cache : a scalable wide-area web cache sharing protocol '' p cao j almeida az broder proceedings of acm  
role and place of gas-cooled reactors in the structure of nuclear power production ai kiryushin nn ponomarev-stepnoi es glushkovâ ? ¦ at .  
to appear in the proceedings of the 7th international symposium on heavy flavor physics a nippe santa barbara california july  
proof theories for some prioritized consequence relations l verhoeven   
optimization methods for minimum power bidirectional topology construction in wireless networks with ak das rj marks m el-sharkawi a gray submitted for  
wb and templeton im 1960 av gold dkc macdonald wb pearson phil . mag  
exclusion of four candidate kidney disease loci by linkage analysis in familial juvenile m greener am marinaki mm town f moro ha cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
applying the naep code of ethics to epa and the fluoride in drinking water standard rj carton jw hirzy proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the national & hellip ;  
constructive asymptotic equivalence of density estimation and gaussian white noise j klemela m nussbaum unpublished manuscript  
binding of eorticosteroids by plasma proteins wh daughaday vi . the electrophoretic demonstration of corticosteroid  
weighted proportionally fair differentiated service tcp p oechslin j crowcroft proc . of acm computer communications review  
of chemosterilants in the reproductive organs and tissues of insects v landa proc int cong entomol 13th  
extracting schema from semistructured data s nestrov s abiteboul r motwani proc . sigkddâ ?? 98  
eternally yours at 8 bits s lawton electronic business 2002.0 
what is beautiful is good k dion e berscheid e walster journal of personality and social psychology 1972.0 
chemistry of the upper and lower atmosphere : theory experiments and applications academic bj finlayson-pitts jn pitts san diego calif  
trust in close relationships jk rempel jg holmes mp zanna journal of personality and social psychology  
rehabilitation and reuse of college and university facilities . hl goyette new directions for higher education 1980.0 
the xml typechecking problem d suciu sigmod record 2002.0 
higher education and the path to progress . rh atwell new directions for higher education 1994.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? effective memory use in a media server ã cents â ? ¬ â ? e chang h garcia-molina proceedings of the vldb conference  
the odwalla affairâ ?? reassessing corporate social responsibility j entine at work  
s. sohi . effectivejump-pointerprefetching for linked data structures a rothandg proc . 26th intâ ?? l symp . on comp . arch  
governance structure in the deregulated trucking industry tn hubbard  1998.0 
magnet : supporting navigation in semistructured data environments v sinha dr karger   
evidence for terror management theory ii : the effects of mortality salience on reactions to those j greenberg t pyszczynski s solomon a journal of personality and social psychology  
u > recursive data structures < / u > car hoare stanford university computer science department technical  
managing temporal financial data in an extensible database r chandra a segev   
quality through people : a blueprint for proactive total quality management j choppin  1991.0 
control of nonlinear systems and differential inclusions h frankowska to  
section : forum on the history of computing ( april 20 1993 ) table of contents rf rosin history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
the convergence rate of inexact preconditioned steepest descent algorithm for solving linear systems h munthe-kaas   
a database interface for an integrated cad system c jullien a leblond j lecourvoisier proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
review of intensive assessment recommendations conducted at the assistive technology and assessment kj miess  2001.0 
data bubbles for non-vector data : speeding-up hierarchical clustering in arbitrary metric spaces j zhou j sander proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
an d teal j shaw n albion ej hanker & hellip ; control : wind tunnel demonstration of fully effective & hellip ;  
seer cancer statistics review 1973-1991 : tables and graphs . national cancer institute . nih pub . no . lag ries ba miller bf hankey cl kosary a md  
safe areas of computation ( sac ) for secure computing alm dos santos  2000.0 
the softening of hardware f vahid   
itâ ?? s time to end information anarchy . s culp   
haradome â ?? temp er atur e depend ece of resistivities of sn0,-based gas sensors exposed to co h m nitta s otani mj haradone electronic materials  
non-zero-sum gaze and persuasion jn bailenson ac beall j blascovich j loomis m & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa barbara ca 2003.0 
rock mechanics and crustal stress j kemeny n cook demonstration of a risk-based approach to high-level waste & hellip ;  
relational cliches : constraining constructive induction during relational learning g silverstein mj pazzani proceedings  
bi-directional path tracing ep lafortune yd willems proceedings of compugraphics 1993.0 
extremal bipartite graphs with a unique k-factor a hoffmann l volkmann   
understanding availability r bhagwan s savage gm voelker lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
the flow of water in an inclined channel of rectangular section h jeffreys phil . mag  
on the gravitational effects of distant rotating masses l bass fae pirani phil . mag  
more information : bibliographic instruction resources . ll phillips new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
fourier analysis with respect to bilinear maps o blasco j calabuig   
structural clinical interview for dsm-iiir new york psychiatric institute r spitzer jb williams m gibbon new york  
polar fft rectopolar fft a averbuch rr coifman dl donoho m israeli j and applications . technical report stanford university  
on a historical relational algebra : two views au tansel j cliord proceedings acm sigmod conference on management of data  
a review of theories & research on group development ap beck unpublished  
new approaches to parsing conjunctions using prolog s fong rc berwick proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ; 1985.0 
many faces of risk : free speech versus public safety jl jervis new directions for higher education 2004.0 
querying the internet with pier n ahmed   
social studies : citizenship education for building nations and educating global citizens . mc mckinney-browning jl barthâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
parametric state-feedback control for arbitrary eigenvalue assignment with minimum sensitivity tj owens jo ` reilly & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1989.0 
august 30 2000 oregon department of geology and mineral industries baker city field office m ferns ecology and environment inc. seattle  
do n't be lazy be consistent : postgres-r a new way to implement database replication b kemme g alonso vldb 2000.0 
approaching the ml performance with iterative decoding e papagiannis ma ambroze m tomlinson   
co2 as an exhaust emissions surrogate in small dieselized mines mk gangal ed dainty g kunchur procs . 5th us mine ventilation symposium  
on the computation of tc of relational operators y ioannidis proc . of 12th vldb conf  
biodiversity profile of india e species t species pa network   
specialist epilepsy nurses for treating epilepsy p bradley b lindsay cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
hybrid systems rl grossmanâ ? ¦  1993.0 
vprof : a virtual function call profiler for c++ g aigner unpublished manuscript  
information storage and retrieval : a survey and functional description j minker acm sigir forum 1977.0 
the inviscid limit for density-dependent incompressible uids r danchin   
differential cryptanalysis of the data encryption standard e biham a shamir  1994.0 
emotions : a general psychoevolutionary theory r plutchik approaches to emotion 1984.0 
on the einstein rosen podolski paradox . js bell physics i  
shin ` ichi satoh the sr-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional nearest neighbor queries n katayama proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference  
institutional commitment to fairness in college teaching rc rodabaugh new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
conjecturing and argumentation in high-school geometry students kr koedinger new directions in the teaching and learning of geometry eds & hellip ;  
building opportunities enforcing obligations f dolittle v knox c miller s rowser  1998.0 
query flocks : a generalization of association-rule mining jd ullman r motwani s nestorov   
an introductory cours e in computer graphics chartwell-bratt kent 1986 144 pages r kingslake   
modeling concepts for vlsi cad objects ( abstract only ) ds batory w kim proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1985.0 
sex differences in emotion : expression experience and physiology am kring ah gordon journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
object fusion in mediator systems y papakonstantinou s abiteboul h garcia-molina vldb 1996.0 
phage dna packaging h fujisawa m morita genes to cells 1997.0 
weblab ! a universal and interactive teaching learning and laboratory environment for the world cm boroni fw goosey m grinder rj ross p   
properties of emerging organizations j katz wb gartner the academy of management review 1988.0 
satish 2772 thatte g kakivaya a layman hf nielsen   
zebrafish daz-like protein controls translation via the sequence ` guuc ' s maegawa m yamashita k yasuda k inoue genes to cells 2002.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?on relaxation oscillations ã cents â ? ¬ â ? b van der pol phil .  
outcome measurement : showing results in the nonprofit sector mc plantz mt greenway m hendricks new directions for program evaluation  
wireless lans fj derfler jr l freed pc magazine  
it agenda 2004 : which technologies will it leaders put to the test this year m brandel computerworld  
connecting on the net j hill j ozer t mace pc magazine  
thin clientsâ ?? overnightâ ?? hit j fulton computer networks  
some experimental results on distributed join algorithms in a local area network h lu m carey proc . 11th intl. conf . on vldb  
method for optimal actuator and sensor placement for lar ge flexible space structures [ z ] kb lim proceedings of the aiaa guidance navigation an d control & hellip ;  
infoskills : a holistic approach to on-line user education l rutter electronic library 2002.0 
aging on parisi 's tree p. 265 jp bouchaud ds dean journal de physique i 1995.0 
dynamic profiling of online auctions using curve clustering w jank g shmueli submitted for publication 2003.0 
the growth of the firm in planned economies in transition : institutions organizations and mw peng ps heath the academy of management review 1996.0 
a new solution to the hidden surface problem m newell r newell t sancha proc . acm ann . conf  
vaporware tactics elicit mixed views sj johnston computerworld  
on image denoising methods a buades b coll jm morel   
'' a wonderfully terrible place to be '' : learning in practitioner inquiry communities . sl lytle new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
an assessment of fire climate and apache history in the sacramento mountains new mexico mw kaye tw swetnam physical geography 1999.0 
transportation of chinook salmon and steelhead smolts 1968-80 and its impact on adult returns to the dl park mar. fish . serv. seattle washington . 20p  
digital phase modulation jb anderson t aulin ce sundberg   
one big pile of knowledge b laberis computerworld  
the population ecology of the limpets : lottia gigantea ( gray ) and several species of acmaea ( js stimson  1968.0 
extending entity-relationship systems to support hypotheses constraints versions and documents mf bosco m gibelli information and software technology 1991.0 
an improved failures model for communicating processes sd brookes aw roscoe lecture notes in computer science 1985.0 
the enlightenment an interpretation ; the rise of modern paganism . p gay  1966.0 
towards event-driven modelling for database design p poncelet m teisseire r cicchetti  1994.0 
a fast two-stage algorithm for computing pagerank and its extensions cpc lee gh golub sa zenios   
deadlock detection in distributed database systems : a new algorithm and a comparative performance n krivokapiä ? a kemper e gudes the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
neocortex size and behavioural ecology in primates ra barton proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
interactive visualization of earth and space science computations wl hibbard be paul da santek   
synchronization coherence and event ordering in multiprocessors m dubios c scheurich f briggs ieee computer  
addressing the problems of bayesian network classification of video using high-dimensional features a mittal lf cheong ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
advanced meta-search of news in the web r tous j delgado   
integral equation analysis of a polygonal semiconductor microcavity ln illyashenko ai nosich t benson   
genetic control of fatty acid composition in oilseed crops rk downey dg dorrell proc . int . flax . inst  
a multilevel model of privatization in emerging economies r ramamurti academy of management review 2000.0 
practical network security : experiences with ntop l deri s suin computer networks 2000.0 
electrocardiographic manifestations : acute posterior wall myocardial infarction wj brady b erling m pollack tc chan journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
analysis of multi-link flexible manipulators via asymptotic expansions f khorrami   
a web based multi-display presentation system f zhao q liu proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
â ?? personality in interactive computer characters : the importance of consistency k isbister unpublished  
marine envenomations part 2 : invertebrates . j mcgoldrick ja marx journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
cantilever-based microsystems for gas sensing and atomic force microscopy d lange ph. d. dissertation eth zurich switzerland  
seahorses : an identification guide to the world 's species and their conservation . 224pp sa lourie acj vincent hj hall isbn  
efficient mining of association rules in large dynamic databases e omiecinski a savasere   
a constraint-based approach to the representation of software usage models jh poore gh walton ja whittaker information & software technology 2000.0 
a fractional delay application : time-varying propagation speed in waveguides s tassart r msallam p depalle s dequidt proc . int . computer music conf  
from â ?? chichimecas to indiosâ ?? : the transformation of huntergatherers into a colonial indian j cueilo proc . of the 29th annual meeting of the southwest council  
modeling large scale olap scenarios w lehner lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
optical fiber telecommunications iv b h kogelnik rm jopson le nelson san diego ca  
lectures on photomorphogenesis h mohr  1972.0 
corticosteroids for hellp syndrome in pregnancy p matchaba j moodley cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
conditional maximum likelihood estimation of naive bayes probability models using rational function c chelba a acero   
improving interactive information retrieval effectiveness with 3-d graphics r swan j allan   
introduction to the meaning of meaning ck ogden and ia richards vâ ?? xi u eco  1989.0 
esri arc/info and erdas imagine-software which gives an answer . partnership between esri and erdas ð ? karadzhova pc magazine bulgaria  
an investigation of current language support for the data requirements of structured programming j aiello  1974.0 
maziã ¨ res . alow-bandwidthnetworkfile system a muthitacharoen b chen andd proc . acm sosp â ?? 01 nov  
inside directx b bargen p donnelly   
smoothing the wavelet periodogram using the haar-fisz transform p fryzlewicz gp nason submitted for publication  
the martensite transformation in stainless steel ja venables phil . mag  
a testbed fear wide area atm research dl tennenhouse im leslie proc . acm  
monitoring the future . national results on adolescent drug use : overview of key findings 2000 ; nih ld johnston pm oâ ?? malley jg bachman md  
chelation therapy for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease mv villarruz a dans f tan cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
an interpretation of the contemporary catholic understanding.â ?? gh rights  1982.0 
lower bounds for online graph problems with application to online circuit and optical routing y bartal a fiat s leonardi proc . 28th annu . acm symp . theory  
a fondationfor multidimensional databases m gyssens l lakshmanan proceedings of the 23rd vldb  
from data independence to knowledge independence : an on-going story l vieille proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
remittances and inequality : a question of migration stage and geographic scale . rc jones economic geography 1998.0 
microservers : a new memory semantics for massively parallel computing jb brockman pm kogge vw freeh sk kuntz tl proc int conf supercomputing 1999.0 
advanced ceramics p ramakrishnan bombay india 8-9 mar. 1990 1990.0 
a survey of parallel computer architechtures r duncan ieee computer  
yagg : an easy-to-use generator for structured test inputs d coppit j lian proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
intergroup effects in the mental representation of stereotypes sh babey  1998.0 
responding to student writing j macallister new directions for teaching and learning : teaching writing & hellip ;  
magic sets and other strange ways to execute logic programs f bancilhon d maier y sagiv jd ullman proc . of acm pods  
the master control gene for morphogenesis and evolution of the eye wj gehring genes to cells 1996.0 
using the vi architecture to build distributed multithreaded runtime systems : a case study l bougã © jf mã © haut r namyst l prylli proc . 2000 acm symposium on applied  
a quantitative histochemical study of 5â ? ² - nucleotidase activity in rat liver using the lead salt wm frederiks f marx the histochemical journal 1988.0 
cooperation and conflicts resolution in multiagent systems p marcenac s leman s giroux proc . 34th acm southeast  
layered timing diagrams { visual constraint programming for system level design r schlor j helbig submitted to publication  
the role of large wood in the carbon cycle of central amazon rain forest jq chambers  1998.0 
an extendible hash for multi-precision similarity querying of image databasesâ '' 27th int s lin ã ? tamer m zsu v oria r ng conf . on very large data-bases  
characteristic cycles on differentiable manifolds . ls pontriagin  1950.0 
school violence and the role of the school psychologist rg arrowood  2000.0 
standards in practice . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
electron energy-loss in the electron microscope rf egerton plenum new york  
operations for the ip environmentâ ?? when the internet became a serious business j ozdural bt technology journal 2000.0 
waheedqureshi . aperformanceanalysis of alternative multi-attribute declustering strategies s ghandeharizadeh dj dewitt proceedings of the 1992 acmsigmod  
on the intra-day performance of garch processes ' . dm guillaume ov pictet mm dacorogna olsen & associates zurich switzerland  
unambiguity of sgml content models a bruggemann-klein submitted for publication  
nilpotent cones and sheaves on k3 surfaces alg-geom/9504017 â ?? birational algebraic geometry r donagi l ein r lazarsfeld md  
using surface-learning to improve speech recognition with lipreading c bregler s omohundro y konig n morgan proc . 28th annual asilomar conf . on signals systems and  
fast exponentiation with precomputation ef brickell dm gordon ks mccurley db wilson lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
self-maintainability of graph structured views y zhuge   
the specific heat of graphi below 90 k ' u bergenlid rw hill fj webb j wilks phil . mag  
oeuvres vol e laguerre i '' paris  
a quantum structuredynamic model of quarks leptons weak vector bosons and higgs mesons ow greenberg j sucher aip conference proceedings 1981.0 
development support systems r lauber ieee computer  
guest editor 's introduction : image databases ss iyengar rl kashyap ieee transactions on software engineering 1988.0 
a correlated morphometric and cytochemical study on hepatocyte nucleolar size and rna distribution gh herbener m bendayan the histochemical journal 1988.0 
supporting full-text information retrieval with a persistent object store . acms anthology   
may ( 1990 ) traffic flow fundamentals d adolf   
leviathan . london england : penguin books t hobbes  1985.0 
minimax estimates of linear functionals in a hilbert space p speckman unpublished manuscript  
a performance evaluation of the gamma database machine d dewitt s ghandeharizadeh d schneider proc . of acm sigmod  
rsna : integrating the healthcare enterprise ; cross-enterprise clinical documents sharing ( xds ) : http h acc referenced at  
static conflict analysis for multi-threaded object-oriented programs c von praun tr gross   
a performance analysis of the ibm subsystem control block architecture in a video conferencing kd huynh tm khoshgoftaar proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1993.0 
solynin â ?? modules and extremal-metric problems â ?? a yu algebra i analiz  
web image clustering by consistent utilization of visual features and surrounding texts b gao ty liu t qin x zheng qs cheng wy ma proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
mining information networks through spectral methods s chakrabarti b dom d gibson j kleinberg p preparation ibm almaden research center  
the demise of gentrification ? a commentary and prospective view ls bourne urban geography 1993.0 
flexible notification for collaborative systems h shen c sun   
rupture of ectopic pregnancy after medical therapy with methotrexate : a case series k heard j kendall j abbott journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
towards ilp-based learning of attribute path values in typed-unification grammars . 2002 l ciortuz   
modeling epidemic in space and time jf wang annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;  
a fast algorithm for constructing rooted trees from constraints m henzinger v king t warnow unpublished  
using query mediators for distributed searching in federated digital libraries n dushay jc french c lagoze   
modeling a software engineering project management system rh thayer   
development of children 's theory of mind r huard b hayes-roth stanford university : technical report 1996b . ( new  
tillage for vegetable-crop production on phosphatic clays ea hanlon gj hochmuth l shaw c riddle mined lands agricultural research/demonstration project . & hellip ;  
a relationship mechanism for a strongly typed object-oriented database a albano g ghelli r orsini proc . of the 17th int . conf . on vldb barcelona s  
object-oriented conceptual modeling for commitment-based collaboration management in virtual j lin t lin information and software technology  
roadrunner : automatic data extraction from data-intensive web sites v crescenzi sigmod conference 2002.0 
algebraic change propagation for semijoin and outerjoin queries t griffin b kumar sigmod record 1998.0 
two techniques for on-line index modification in shared nothing parallel databases kj achyutuni e omiecinski sb navathe sigmod conference 1996.0 
lanczos type methods for systems of linear equations c brezinski h sadok   
anthrax threats : a report of two incidents from salt lake city er swanson de fosnocht journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
guest editorial m jarke the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
foreword i dufour bt technology journal 2000.0 
in keramidas em jc geyer computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
an efficient collision-free protocol for prioritized access-control of cable or radio channels yi gold wr franta computer networks  
ils : a framework for integrating multiple heterogeneous learning agents b silver j vittal w frawley g iba k bradford procs of second generation expert systems l oth & hellip ;  
comparing software development methods : an example jr cameron a campbell pt ward information and software technology 1991.0 
using guided imagery in the emergency department cw hatler journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
illuminating the dark side of web services ml brodie proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
a method for retrieving music data with different bit rates using mpeg-4 twinvq audio compression m kobayakawa m hoshi k onishi proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
a survey of alternative designs for a search engine storage structure a garratt m jackson p burden j wallis information & software technology 2001.0 
solving a real-world eld technician scheduling problem j xu s chiu proceedings of the international conference on management & hellip ;  
object query standards ae wade sigmod record 1996.0 
online auctions with re-usable goods mt hajiaghayi r kleinberg m mahdian dc parkes   
is this a drill ? improving pediatric emergency preparedness in north carolina 's emergency sm hohenhaus journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 
academic press ga robinson ha crissman san diego  
on the resistivity transient in a quenched aluminum-indium alloy b roebuck km entwistle phil . mag. 1972.0 
frequency domain properties of scalar and multivariable feedback systems js freudenberg dp looze  1988.0 
a 28-year-old man with an aortic dissection and history of cocaine abuse sp hohm journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 
the intelligent recommendation analyzer cc aggarwal jl wolf kl wu ps yu icdcs workshop of knowledge discovery and data mining in the & hellip ; 2000.0 
section-wise piecewise-linear functions : canonical representation properties and applications lo chua sm kang proc . ieee  
stress related failures causing open metallization sk groothuis wh schroen proc . int . reliability phys . syp  
a bt enterprise configuration management system sr moor ke gleen j gunne-braden bt technology journal 1997.0 
would i rather fight than switch ? : consumer regret following switch versus repeat decisions in j inman m zeelenberg unpublished manuscript  
open your door or we 'll sue '' says software piracy patrol . c von simson c wilder computerworld. 1990.0 
laser cutting of ceramic composite layers a lightman g han solid freeform fabrication proceedings  
on automatic annotation of images with latent space models f monay d gatica-perez   
detecting topical events in digital video tfsms srinivasan proceedings of acm multimedia 2000  
microsoft access 2000 visual basic for applications e callahan microsoft  
substantial advantages of fully-depleted cmos/simox devices as low-power high-performance vlsi y kado   
wardle and mayne t martin phil . mag  
rt snodgrass a glossary of temporal database concepts cs jensen j cliord sk gadia a segev acm sigmod record  
secretion of oxygen intermediates : role in effector functions of activated macrophages cf nathan fed proc 1982.0 
special issue on constructing software engineering tools j gray a liu l scott information & software technology 2000.0 
stress without distress h selye   
the sdss skyserver : public access to the sloan digital sky server data as szalay j gray a thakar pz kunszt t malik j sigmod conference 2002.0 
gordon and j. luecke dehn surgeries on knots creating essential tori c mca i comm . anal . geom  
commercial recreational uses and economic benefits of the channel islands national marine sanctuary ja reynolds california sea grant report . santa barbara california  
on not becoming a democrat : the ltte 's commitment to armed struggle p sahadevan international studies-bombay then new delhi - 1995.0 
how whiteness frames the beliefs of white female pre-service teachers working with english language s marx  2001.0 
sensing techniques for mobile interaction chi letter vol . 2.2 k hinkley j pierce m sinclair e horvitz  2000.0 
using plan recognition in human-computer collaboration n lesh c rich cl sidner courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ; 1999.0 
a practical aid for experimenters s bisgaard  1988.0 
feasible itemset distributions in data mining : theory and application g ramesh wa maniatty mj zaki proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod sigart symposium on & hellip ;  
computer technology forecast for virtual observatories j gray   
mining the most interesting rules rj bayardo r agrawal proceedings of the fifth acm sigkdd international conference & hellip ; 1999.0 
overdose with sustained-release lithium preparations gm bosse tc arnold journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
lai and cl . lei . data prefetching for distributed shared memory systems a ic proc . of the 29th hawaii intâ ?? l conf . on system sciences (  
situational evaluation of teaching on campus re stake ej cisneros-cohernour new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
discovery of interesting association rules from livelink web log data x huang a an n cercone g promhouse   
vendor managed inventory j emigh computerworld  
automatic generation of personalized music sports video j wang c xu e chng l duan k wan q tian proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
storage model g copeland sk decomp acm  
& national health and nutrition examination survey iii : weighting and estimation methodology ' westat l mohadjer j montaquila j waksberg b bell p md  
a deductive database architecture based on partial evaluation l lei gh moll j kouloumdjian acm sigmod record 1990.0 
prex-querying : an approach for effective subsequence matching under time warping in sequence s park sw kim js cho s padmanabhan proc . acm cikm  
an execution model for limited ambiguity rules and its application to derived data update ima chen r hull d mcleod acm transactions on database systems 1995.0 
overhead reduction in a architecture for quantum computers m oskin f chong i chuang ieee computer  
the lower end of higher education : freshmen sophomores the research university and the community tr bywater new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
emergency department visits by children with sickle hemoglobinopathies : factors associated with k frush r ware t kinney journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
infant botulism : a case series and review of the literature . rd schmidt tw schmidt journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
effect of anti-cd4 anti-nc and anti-nk monoclonal antibody on the survival of cardiac xenografts l yang pl mottram wr han yc smart transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
irs ready to award laptop pact . m betts computerworld. 1986.0 
hydrodynamic and acoustic field detection aj kalmijn sensory biology of aquatic animals 1988.0 
five themes : further findings of the mufon abduction transcription project d wright & hellip ; international symposium proceedings . seattle/washington  
symmetry and related properties via the maximum principle b gidas wm ni l nirenberg communications in mathematical physics 1979.0 
when one sample is not enough : improving text database selection using shrinkage pg ipeirotis l gravano proc . acm sigmod 2004.0 
immobilisation and functional treatment for acute lateral ankle ligament injuries in adults gm kerkhoffs bh rowe wj assendelft k kelly pa cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
fast layout-aware validation of test-vectors for nanometer-related timing failures a kokrady cp ravikumar   
privacy-preserving data mining of association rules on horizontally partitioned data m kantarcioglu c clifton ieee transactions on knowledge and data  
a new sql-like operator for data mining association rules r meo g psaila s ceri proceedings of the 22nd vldb conference bombay indien  
the sea surface temperature changing trend of the last 40 years in the lei-qiong sea area k yu tropical geography 2000.0 
national grid ce proposer   
accurate estimation of the number of tuples satisfying a condition gp shapiro c connell proc . of sigmod  
an extensible compressor for xml data . acms anthology sigmod record 2000.0 
cr acad . sci . paris 314 ss chern serie i  
ariel - a semantic front-end to relational dbmss rm macgregor vldb  
distributedcasesforcase-basedreasoning : facilitating use of multiple cases ma redmond procs aaai  
skin temperature and thermoregulatory sweating : a control systems approach rw bullard mr banerjee f chen r elizondo ba see ref  
beta2-agonists for acute bronchitis ( cochrane review ) j smucny c flynn l becker r glazier cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
a comparative survey of concurrent programming languages pd stotts acm sigplan notices 1982.0 
introducing information technology fundamentals into the undergraduate curriculum rj voigt electronic  
identification of c. pneumoniae c. trachomatis and c. psittaci by polymerase chain reaction using g madico ca gaydos j boman tc quinn submitted for  
american dictionary of the english language ( 1st ed . 1828 ) republished by foundation for american n webster see  
mills . the fuzzball l david proc . acm sigcomm conference ( sigcommâ ?? 88 )  
north s. and sandberg j. ( 1985 ) : a method for drawing graphs r lipton proc . acm symp . on computational  
the strong isometric dimension of finite reflexive graphs sl fitzpatrick rj nowakowski discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2000.0 
analysis of a choice-reaction task yields a new interpretation of libetâ ?? s experiments cs herrmann m pauen bk min na busch j rieger   
natural language processing in a japanese text-to-speech system for written-style texts k matsuoka e takeishi h asano   
effects of hypothermal and circulatory arrest on the auditory brainstem response during operation in t hayashi s anegawa r torigoe no to shinkei 1991.0 
today 's actions tomorrowâ ?? s landscapes s thompson proceedings of the 25 thanniversary conference of the new & hellip ;  
reasoning about the heap in higher order logic v kuncak m rinard technical report laboratory for computer science massachusetts  
the promise of entrepreneurship as a field of research s shane s venkataraman academy of management review 2000.0 
the vagabond temporal oid index : an index structure for oid indexing in toodb k nervag the vldb conference  
collaborative knowledge building by smart sensors vm bove j mallett bt technology journal 2004.0 
the role of risk in price-earnings relations dj chambers rn freeman as koch unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
transient-state kinetic approach to mechanisms of enzymatic catalysis hf fisher acc . chem . res 2005.0 
composite materials for electronic functions ddl chung  2000.0 
virtual environments for critical intervention support : modeling design and implementation issues d poussart f bernier m simoneau d ouellet n   
the earthquake behavior of plywood sheathed shearwalls . wg stewart ja dean aj carr proc. int . conf . on timber engineering  
new computers for artificial intelligence processing - guest editor 's introduction bw wah ieee computer  
hours of paid work in dual-earner couples : the us in cross-national perspective . ja jacobs jc gornick   
handbook of environmental chemistry : new types of persistent halogenated compounds j passivirta  2000.0 
general education : the insiders ' view . sb twombly new directions for higher education 1992.0 
lazy acquisition of place knowledge p langley k pfleger m sahami artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
learning probabilistic models of relational structure l getoor n friedman d koller b taskar   
killing the spirit : higher education in america p smith  1990.0 
tip : a temporal extension to informix j yang hc ying j widom   
generalized time-shift covariant qtfrs with arbitrary group delays a papandreou-suppappola proc . 29th asilomar conf . signals syst .  
k. proficient machine systems : a proposal of new research frontiers for manufacturing in the 21st k iwata m onosato k teramoto proc . 29th cirp int . seminar on manufacturing systems  
party structures and policy representation in multiparty elections : an application to norwegian j adams s merrill iii typescript . santa barbara : university of california  
optimal clip ordering for multi-clip queries rt ng p shum the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
depot fluphenazine for schizophrenia ce adams m eisenbruch cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
online s lambert microsoft  
compromising statistical databases responding to queries about means . w de jonge acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
dissimilation as local conjunction j alderere proceedings-nels 1997.0 
the implementation and performance of compressed databases . 1998 t westmann d kossmann s helmer g moerkotte submitted for  
asymptotically better list colourings m molloy b reed to  
creating a culture of leadership ph lewis new directions for higher education 1994.0 
xxl : a prototype for a library of query processing algorithms j van den bercken jp dittrich b seeger  2000.0 
monitoring insect pest populations by trapping in california citrus orchard ds moreno ce kennet proc . int . soc . citriculture  
strauss : a specification miner g ammons  2003.0 
management applications of analyzing cellular digital packet data ( cdpd ) billing data at gau s hardy t randhawa   
ductile fracture in copper single crystals s saimoto wf hosford wa backofen phil . mag  
implementing update extensions to xquery 1.0 gm sur  2003.0 
formal syntax and semantics of a reconstructed relational database system d jonsson sigmod record 1992.0 
on defining proofs of knowledge advances in cryptologyâ ?? proceedings cryptoâ ?? 92 m bellare o goldreich lecture notes in computer  
a new gravity anomaly separation approach : differential markov random field ( dmrf ) on ucan b sen am albora a ã?zmen electronic geosciences  
information processing knowledge development and strategic supply chain performance gtm hult sf slater academy of management journal 2004.0 
dapsone intoxication : two case reports dg hansen kr challoner de smith journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
deeds towards a distributed and active real-time database system . 25 ( 1 ) : 38â ?? 40 s andler j hansson j eriksson j mellin m  1996.0 
experiences in integrated multi-domain management d lewis t tiropanis a mcewan c redmond v wade proceedings ifip/ieee international conference on management & hellip ;  
a tcp-friendly rate adjustment protocol for continuous media flows over best effort networks j padhye j kurose d towsley r koodli proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ; 1999.0 
very simple method to ndthe minimal polynomial of an arbitrary non-zero element of a finite eld j gordon electronic letters  
molecular forms of acetylcholinesterase in alzheimerâ ?? s disease sg younkin b goodridge j katz g lockett d fed . proc 1986.0 
putting requirement management into praxis : dealing with nonfunctional requirements i hrazdira j skorpkova m dolnkova c ebert information and software technology 1998.0 
graph based multi-modality learning h tong j he m li c zhang wy ma proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
monitoring business processes through event correlation based on dependency model a adii d botzer o etzion t yatzkar-haham proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2001.0 
cost-based labeling of groups of spectra l chen z huang r ramakrishnan proc . acm-sigmod  
negative ions and behavior : impact on mood memory and aggression among type a and type b persons ra baron gw russell rl arms journal of personality and social psychology 1985.0 
microsoft windows media resource kit t gill b birney  2003.0 
effects of cattle grazing systems on willow-dominated plant associations in central oregon bl kovalchik w elmore mcarthur d. bedunah and cl wambolt compilers . proceedings & hellip ;  
â ?? brien ma freemantle n oxman ad wolf f davis da herrin j. continuing education meetings and o thomson cochrane database syst rev  
performance evaluation of extended storage architectures for transaction processing e rahm   
safety applications of programmable electronic systems in the process industry : impact of emerging s bologna seattle washington usa-sept  
improving the availability of internet2 applications and services g carpenter g goldszmidt   
new enhancements to cut fade and dissolve detection processes in video segmentation bt truong   
turning play into work : effects of adult surveillance and extrinsic rewards on childrenâ ?? s mr lepper d greene journal of personality and social psychology  
the application environment j darling a sauvage bt technology journal 2005.0 
numerical modelling of the water dynamics and passive pollutant transport in the neva inlet o andrejev a sokolov meteorologia i hydrologia  
the problem of coulombic forces in computer simulations the problem of long-range forces in the jp valleau ed . d. ceperley nrcc workshop proceedings  
an efficient scheme for providing high availability a bhide a goyal hi hsiao a jhingran proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
database model o etzion paddo active acm sigmod record  
interworking between sdh and otn-based transport networks a mcguire aj flavin bt technology journal 2001.0 
towards a minimalist account of nominal anaphora in spanish and english e raposo   
software tools for knowledge fusion c holsapple a whinston computerworld  
the variation of measured cross-polarized echo intensity in rain with direction of polarization and a hendry ymm antar conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
dynamic resource brokering for multi-user query execution dl davison g graefe sigmod conference 1995.0 
the design and implementation of a sequence database system p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan vldb 1996.0 
multimedia in action wordsworth-itp 1998 je shuman   
managed security services d janowski o kaven pc magazine  
empirical comparison of methods of fuzzy relational identification b postlethwaite   
on the phenomenology of tilted domains in lamellar eutectic growth b caroli c caroli s fauve j. phys . i france 1992.0 
model-based semantic compression for network-data tables s babu m garofalakis r rastogi a silberschatz   
r. damrauer jh bowie and jc sheldon ch depuy acc . chem . res  
the role of syntactic tree structure in the construction of subject-verb agreement g vigliocco j nicol unpublished manuscript  
pleasure : a program for simple and multiple folding of plas g de micheli a sangiovanni-vincentelli submitted for  
tiny tim userâ ?? s manual version 4.0 space telescope science institute baltimore j krist md  
introduction to faculty learning communities md cox new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
the turbulence measurement during the intake and compression process for high-turbulence generation ys song jw hong jt lee proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
making learning communities work : issues of implementation and sustainability f gabelnick j macgregor r matthews bl smith new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
three-dimensional displays t okoshi ieee proceedings 1980.0 
quill publishing md william glasser   
an investigation of the negative selection algorithm for fault detection in refrigeration systems dw taylor dw corne lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
sdss image processing i : the deblender aj rh luptonâ ? ¦  2001.0 
andm . pease . the byzantine generalsproblem l lamport r shostak proc . acm toplas  
the roles of neural and evolutionary computing in intelligent software systems kc tsui b azvine m plumbley bt technology journal  
integrated semiconductor magnetic field sensors hp baltes rs popovic ieee proceedings 1986.0 
warping indexes with envelope transforms for query by humming . sigmod y zhu d shasha appendix a. experiment results ( section 4.2 )  
temperament and behavior disorders in children a thomas  1968.0 
a brief survey of systems providing process or object migration facilities . acm sigop operating m nuttall acm press new  
spatial mismatch and labor market segmentation for african-american and latina women . s mclafferty v preston economic geography 1992.0 
application of global optimization to the design of pipe networks aj abebe dp solomatine   
an alternative approach : the unfolding model of voluntary employee turnover tw lee tr mitchell the academy of management review 1994.0 
dynamic multidimensional histograms n thaper n koudas   
the presence and absence of giardia lamblia in studies on parasite prevalence in the usa gr healy see ref  
fido : a cache that learns to fetch m palmer sb zdonik vldb 1991.0 
modeling and distributed simulation of broadband-isdnetwork on a network of sun workstations a chai s ghosh ieee computer  
broadcast disks : data management for asymmet-0 20 40 60 80 100 percentage of dont_care implimit s acharya r alonso m franklin s zdonik acm sigmod  
automatic time-bound analysis for a higher-order language g gomez ya liu   
local constructions of infinity structures d sullivan to  
on-line view maintenance d quass j widom acm sigmod conference  
the scattering of î ± and î ² particles by matter and the structure of the atom e rutherford phil . mag 1911.0 
a century of inequality in england and wales using standardized geographical units i gregory d dorling h southall area 2001.0 
roussopoulos . update propagation strategies forimproving thequalityofdataonthe web a labrinidis andn the 27th international conference on very large data bases ( & hellip ;  
performance analysis of mobile packet radio networks in real channels with inhibit-sense multiple r prasad   
role modelsâ ?? patterns of agent system analysis and design ea kendall bt technology journal 1999.0 
systems management of operational support systems applications sm bouch ic hayes tj oldham bt technology journal 1997.0 
simulating stable stochastic systems i : general multiserver queues ma crane dl iglehart journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1974.0 
theory of elasticity s timoshenko jn goodier   
mondrian/system for automatic generation of dataflow diagrams lb protsko pg sorenson jp tremblay information and software technology  
priority search trees and dynamic router-tables h lu s sahni   
on the question of the stability of the flow of fluids l rayleigh phil . mag  
supporting a knowledge based software information system with a large code database pg selfridge rj brachman kbms workshop national conference on artificial & hellip ;  
multimodal interaction in speech systems ai rudnicky ag hauptmann acm press frontier series 1992.0 
the hot-blooded insects : strategies and mechanisms of thermoregulation b heinrich  1993.0 
the dielectric properties of wood and wood-polymer composite ( wpc ) containing moisture at low t handa m fukuoka s yoshizawa y hashizume m proceedings of the 23rd japan congress on materials research & hellip ;  
current market outlook 2000 : into the new century t meskill j griffiths seattle washington : boeing corporation  
constructivism and the design of learning environments : context and authentic activities for pc honebein tm duffy bj fishman nato asi series f computer and systems sciences 1993.0 
selected database research at stanford a keller p rathmann j ullman g wiederhold acm sigmod record 1990.0 
realm-based temporal data types t griths aaa fernandes nw paton n djafri   
teamwork key to workgroup success r hamilton   
crackdown on software pirates . j mason computerworld. 1990.0 
a comparison of the security of windows nt and unix h hedbom s lindskog s axelsson e jonsson   
server selection on the world wide web n craswell p bailey d hawking   
the design and implementation of the nctuns 1 . 0 network simulator sy wang cl chou ch huang cc hwang zm yang cc computer networks 2003.0 
traversal recursion : a practical approach to suouortinz recursive auulications . a ro & thalâ ? ¦ acm sigmod  
controller design of multivariable variable structure systems with nonlinear switching surfaces ds lee mg kim hk kim   
comprehensive assessment of educational systems jb gormly new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
physician advice for smoking cessation . cochrane tobacco addiction group c silagy lf stead cochrane database syst rev  
a target logical schema : the acs . pm stocker r cantie   
mouse shoulder : a new ailment jc dvorak pc magazine  
faculty development : working together to improve teaching and learning lg dotolo new directions for higher education 1999.0 
the oo7 benchmark . buneman p jajodia s mj carey dj de witt jf naughton proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference  
baclofen and ethanol ingestion : a case report-drug experimentation in a group of adolescents dr vandierendonk dj dire journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
to megaprogramming in : proceedings of the 5th vldb workshop on technologies for e-services ( tes-04 ) c pautasso g alonso toronto canada august  
assessment theory for college classrooms sm brookhart new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
distributing a database for parallel processing is np-hard hc du acm sigmod record 1983.0 
a knowledge-theoretic analysis of atomic commitment protocols v hadzilacos proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
the effect of stocking density on walking ability tonic immobility and the development of tibial gs sanotra ks vestergaard mg thomsen proc . 29th int . congr . of the int . soc . for appl . ethology & hellip ;  
what is ada rf brender ieee computer  
a study of locking phenomenon in oscillators r adler proc . ire  
when less is more : counterfactual thinking and satisfaction among olympic medalists vh medvec sf madey t gilovich journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
the clinical development of 9-aminocamptothecin ch takimoto r thomas annals-new york academy of sciences 2000.0 
recent bt patents mj adams bt technology journal 1997.0 
lof : identifying density-based local outliers mm breunig hp kriegel rt ng j sanderâ ? ¦   
the tensionfree vaginal tape procedure ( tvt ) in treatment of recurrent female stress incontinence cg nilsson proc intern continence society 29th ann meeting denver & hellip ;  
video assessment of root cell responses to dorylaimid and tylenchid nematodes u wyss see ref  
supporting userde ned activity spaces w wang j haake proc . of acm  
alleviation of tunnel entry pressure transients : 2-theoretical modelling and experimental ae vardy b dayman paper h3 . procs 3rd intl symp on the aerodynamics and & hellip ;  
airbags boom when ic accelerometer sees 50g f goodenough electronic design  
advanced metallization conference ( amc ) s menzel s strehle m herrmann h schlã ¶ rb h san diego  
susceptibility to metals and radical-inducing chemicals of metallothionein-null mice m satoh c tohyama see ref  
meeting the challenge . jm civikly new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
university of california santa barbara ph. d. 1985 267 pages . on the structure of rule-based lj gorenflo   
nonlinear loop mirror devices and applications kj blow k smith bt technology journal 1993.0 
decidability and expressiveness aspects of logic queries o shumueli proc . acm sigmod-sigact symp . principles of database systems  
geometric structures in systems theory pe crouch iee proceedings part d - control theory and applications 1981.0 
the dutch experiment in developing adult creativity fh haanstra new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
openness to a broader view of scholarship l richlin new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
faraday discuss . chem . soc s dieluweit h ibach m giesen  2002.0 
estimating optimal weights p stoica m jansson submitted for publication  
mitgcm release 1 manual a adcroft jm campin p heimbach c hill j  2002.0 
the socially handicapped and the agencies : a market analysis hc bredemeier see ref  
conservative radicalism : an approach to computers in mental health jh greist md  
sw . eds frontier series t jw acm press new  
sandia national laboratories sciiiu manual san diego ca  
modeling and performance analysis of qos-aware load balancing of web-server clusters z shan c lin dc marinescu y yang computer networks 2002.0 
office blogger b erol jj hull proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
report from the nsf workshop on workflow and process automation in information systems deptartment a sheth d georgakopoulos s joosten m  1996.0 
excel 97 e solver microsoft corporation  
ma 02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 1996 c street   
gene proximity analysis across whole genomes via pq trees 2004 gm landau l parida o weimann   
a characterization of the dirichlet distribution applicable to learning bayesian networks ( revised ) d geiger d heckerman  1995.0 
international emergency medical services : assessment of developing prehospital systems abroad1 mj vanrooyen tl thomas kj clem journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
project risk impact on software development team performance jj jiang g klein tl means project management journal 2000.0 
focusing of charged particles ( academic new york 1967 ) a septier vol .  
the r + - trees : a dynamic index for multidimensional objects [ j ] in proc . of intl tk sellis n roussopoulos c faloutsos conf . on very large databases ( vldb )  
vera a rule-based verification assistant for vlsi circuit design ap kostelijk proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
parameterized complexity for the database theorist m grohe sigmod record 2002.0 
field ion microscope examination of heavy ion radiation damage in iridium . ii . analysis of vacancy ja hudson bl dury b ralph phil . mag 1970.0 
pfeiffer s. eâ ? elsberg w. 1996 . automatic audio content analysis s fischer proc . acm multimedia  
the role of vhdl within tosca co-design framework s antoniazzi a balboni w fornaciari d sciuto procs . euro-vhdl grenoble france  
voice control and procedural justice : instrumental and noninstrumental concerns in fairness ea lind r kanfer pc earley journal of personality and social psychology  
big merger year leaves out it j king computerworld  
operating system based software generation for systems-on-chip dacâ ?? 2000â ?? design automation d desmet d verkest d de man proceedings acm  
a computer-based corporate planning system wf hamilton ma moses management science 1974.0 
6riwzduhuhtxluhphqwv ke wiegers  1999.0 
exposing undergraduate students to database system internals a ailamaki j hellerstein sigmod record 2003.0 
automatic synthesis of sdl models in use case methodology n mansurov d zhukov   
on optimal piggyback merging policies cc aggarwal jl wolf ps wu proc . acm sigmetricsã cents  
generation classification and analysis of switched-mode dc-to-dc converters by the use of converter r tymerski v vorperian proc . int . telecommunications energy conf . ( intelec )  
fractal approximation of image blocks dm monro f dudbridge   
working as a learning coach team in action learning jo ` neil sl lamm new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
mpeg-4 based real-time shadows h drumm proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
structural query optimizationâ ?? a uniform framework for semantic query optimization in deductive lvs lakshmanan hj hernã ¡ ndez proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1991.0 
a class of rapidly converging algorithms for learning automata '' ieee int mal thathachar ps sastry conf . on cybernetics & society bombay india  
a performance evaluation of four parallel join algorithms in a shared-nothing multiprocessor da schneider dj dewitt proc . of acm-sigmod intl. conf . on mgmt . of data june  
biomineralization : cell biology and mineral deposition : academic press k simkiss km wilbur san diego  
the effect of nacl and licl on vasopressin-sensitive adenyl cyclase . t dousa o hechter life sci i 1970.0 
minimax design of optimal stochastic multivariable systems mj grimble   
a street through time used with powerful instructional strategies me haas social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
dynamic partitioning of complex process models a fuggetta ml jaccheri   
distribution and function of defined regions of avian tumor virus genomes in viruses and uninfected he varmus d stehelin d spector j tal d fujita see ref  
the effect of learning styles on student performance in interactive video courses r rudd r telg proceedings of the 25 thnational agricultural education & hellip ;  
geometrically-necessary dislocation density in continuum crystal plasticity theory and fem h dai dm parks unpublished manuscript  
analytic modeling of computer systems k trivedi ieee computer  
rulemanagement inobject orienteddatabases : auniform approach o diaz n paton p gray procs . of the int &#39; l. conf . on very large data bases vldb & hellip ;  
efficient incremental garbage collection for client-server object database systems l amsaleg m franklin vldb 1995.0 
a retrospective review of the relationship between facial fractures head injuries and cervical d sinclair m schwartz j gruss b mclellan journal of emergency medicine 1988.0 
how seductive details do their damage : a cognitive theory of interest in science learning sf harp  1997.0 
a 1977 situation analysis of children and their families in trinidad and tobago v jules g pargass j sharpe unpublished manuscript  
diurnal production and destruction rates of phytoplankton in lakes w ohle rapp . procs-verbaux r6unions cons . perma . int . explor . mer  
physiochemical and environmental plant physiology . 2 nded.â ?? academic press ps nobel san diego  
the bookmark and the compass : orientation tools for hypertext users m bernstein   
privacy preservation for data cubes s sung y liu data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
critical two-point functions for nearest-neighbour high-dimensional self-avoiding walk and t hara unpublished manuscript  
two-way contingency tables with marginally and conditionally imputed nonrespondents h wang  2002.0 
â ?? nie wieder bugs!â ?? s maguire  1993.0 
high total dose irradiation experiments on fiber-optic components for fusion reactor environments f berghmans m van uffelen a nowodzinski b proc . spie 1999.0 
a framework for distributed management with mobile components m feridun j krause computer networks 2001.0 
advanced microprocessor bus architecture ( amba ) bus system r weiss electronic design  
the case for partial indexes m stonebraker sigmod record 1989.0 
exploring internalized oppression and healing strategies p rosenwasser new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
competitive routing and flow control in communication networks of parallel links sh rhee t konstantopoulos h lee k chung computer networks 2003.0 
high resolution tandem ftms above 10kda fw mclafferty acc . chem . res  
attitude intensity importance and certainty and susceptibility to response effects ja krosnick h schuman journal of personality and social psychology  
the evolutionary cost of learning g mayley   
a dos-limiting network architecture x yang d wetherall t anderson proceedings of acm sigcomm 2005.0 
things that see jl crowley j coutaz f berard communications-acm 2000.0 
minimizing the pain of local infiltration anesthesia for wounds by injection into the wound edges am kelly m cohen d richards journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
modeling and analysis of video servers based on hierarchical storage systems . '' shg chan fa tobagi preparation csl technical report stanford university  
combinatorial classes on the moduli space of curves are tautological . 2003 e-print : math g mondello   
semantic characterizations of navigational xpath m marx m de rijke sigmod record 2005.0 
requirements for a composition language o nierstrasz td meijler lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
devise ( demo abstract ) : integrated querying and visual exploration of large datasets m livny r ramakrishnan k beyer g chen d proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1997.0 
los etal kr chuttamir & hellip ; for the treatment of gerd : demonstration of safety in  
dynamics of vortices in high-temperature superconductors ( abstract only ) nb kopnin oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
on the number of mth near-extreme insurance claims e hashorva j husler  2000.0 
the 1975 australian family law act : a model for assessing legal impacts r mccleary je riggs new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
323 us at 216 . decades later convictions for resisting internment were set aside after it was shown s korematsu   
learning through acquisitions f vermeulen h barkema   
dynamic end-to-end guarantees in the spring environment '' m dinatale ja stankovic technical report 94 university of massachusetts at amherst  
time traveling with children 's literature . pull-out feature 1 . m aronson social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
scripts in organizational behavior da gioia pp poole the academy of management review 1984.0 
on the electric and magnetic effects produced by the motion of electrified bodies jj thomson phil . mag  
principles of optimally placing data in tertiary storage libraries hc paradise c chania   
is it too late to put the user back into html ? k magel   
paula richardson p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
foreword e braunwald   
classroom teaching behaviors related to college teaching effectiveness . hg murray new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
two ways of slicing programs . ag middleton information and software technology 1989.0 
exploring computer-generated line graphs through virtual touch w yu r ramloll s brewster   
high resolution aerodynamic analysis of full helicopter configurations sg voutsinas dg triantos european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
the changes of 27-day variation in cosmic rays and geomagnetic activity a michaelâ ? ¦ proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf salt lake city  
htpd conference 2004 m kuldkeppâ ? ¦ san  
how respiratory rhythm originates : evidence from discharge patterns of brainstem respiratory mi cohen see reference  
the breakdown of the information model in multi-database systems w kent sigmod record 1991.0 
improving educational quality while financial strength is eroding . h smith new directions for higher education 1982.0 
antibiotics for preterm rupture of membranes s kenyon m boulvain j neilson cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
multiprocessor implementations of message passing systems rh halstead cambridge laboratory for computer science at mit  
mobile assistant programming for efficient information access on the www . s perret a duda www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
localization of long-term mem - 78 a pascual t preat & hellip ; er and steward o. ( 1992 ) . demonstration of local protein & hellip ;  
rapport sur le rendement interne du premier cycle de lâ ?? enseignement de base . ministry of education jp jarousse g solaux unpublished manuscript  
distributed transactions in practice . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
xmas : an extensible main-memory storage system for high-performance applications jh park ys kwon kh kim s lee bd park sk cha sigmod conference 1998.0 
interpolation of deflection of the vertical ... * paper of tdk m takã ¡ tsy technical university budapest  
high-performance routing in networks of workstations with irregular topology f silla   
distribution of wolbachia among neotropical arthropods jh werren d windsor l guo proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
molecular support for vicariance as a source of diversity in rainforest l joseph c moritz a hugall proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
biology is to medicine as psychology is to education : true or false ? ns newcombe new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
hydrothermal vent precipitates : a study of temporal and geographic variations in black smoker sr baron  1998.0 
the biology and therapy of acute myelogenous leukemia fr appelbaum j downing c willman & hellip ; program american society of hematology seattle washington & hellip ;  
linear time algorithm for isomorphism of planar graphs ( preliminary report ) je hopcroft jk wong proceedings of the sixth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ; 1974.0 
regularizing the embedding operator and applications g teschke r ramlau submitted for  
enveloped virus is the major virus form produced during productive infection with the modified d spehner r drillien f proamer c houssais -   
a decade of hardware/software codesign w wolf   
keoladeonationalparkecologystudy1980â ?? 1990 vs vijayan & hellip ; bombay natural history society india ( bnhs ) bombay  
8 2002 telxon sent pwc another letter demanding pwc comply with magistrate judge hemann 's june 26 o august   
a spoken language system for information retrieval sk bennacef h bonneau-maynard jl gauvain l proc . icslp  
a methodology for database system performance evaluation h boral dj dewitt proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1984.0 
sampling for histogram construction : how much is enough in sc cmn r motwani vr narasayya proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
arvind and l. rodolph . cachet : an adaptive cache coherence protocol for distributed shared-memory x shen  1999.0 
uptake of arsenate trimethylarsine oxide and arsenobetaine by the shrimp crangon crangon da hunter w goessler ka francesconi marine biology 1998.0 
practical mostly-static information flow control a myers proceedings of acm sigplan-sigact symposium on principles of  
selectivity estimation in spatial databases s achaya v poosala s ramaswamy proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data  
predicate migration : optimizing queries with expensive predicates jm hellerstein   
on the existence of active molecules in organic and inorganic bodies r brown phil . mag  
oral cancer k jayanth m notani rs rao pb desai tata memorial hospital professional education division bombay  
ch2m-hill . 1993 wh pacific demonstration project using yard debris compost for erosion  
ecological aspects of combustion p horbaj   
storing semistructured data with stored a deuntsch m fernandez d suciu proceedings of acm  
the cap framework for business process modeling p keith information and software technology  
a model-theoretic approach to updating incomplete databases m winslett acm transactions on database systems  
introduction v honavar c higuera machine learning 2001.0 
an n log n algorithm for the two-variable-per-constraint linear program satisfiability problem cg nelson technical report technical note sta stanford university  
geography will it absolve cuba ? l martãnez - fernã ¡ ndez   
processing real-time aggregate relational queries in case-db wc hou g ozsoyoglu acm trans . database systems  
better prediction of protein contact numbers with support vector regression z yuan  2005.0 
the design and implementation of a parallel array operator for the arbitrary remapping of data sj deitz bl chamberlain se choi l snyder   
early childhood environment rating scale . revised edition t harms rm clifford d cryer   
main-memory index structures with fixed-size partial keys p bohannon r rastogi sigmod record 2001.0 
congressional government w wilson   
height-balanced trees of order ( p 7 6 ) shs huang acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
trends and issues in the professional development of teachers of adults kp king pa lawler new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
determination of beryllium in urine with electrothermal atomic absorption using the l'vov platform dc paschal gg bailey at spectrosc  
window query-optimal clustering of spatial objects bu pagel hw six m winter   
pamela space mission : the transition radiation detec-tor m ambriola r bellotti f cafagna m circella c   
approximating multi-dimensional aggregate range queries over real attributes c domeniconi d gunopulos g kollios vj tsotras proc . acm sigmod  
ontaking the geography outofgeographical education we marsden geography  
dna breaking activity of the pesticide malathion and its metabolite assayed by the single cell gel j blasiak a trzeciak p jaloszynski k szyfter r cellular and molecular biology letters 1997.0 
toward a contingency view of infrastructure and knowledge : an exploratory study cu ciborra o hanseth   
enriching user-oriented class associations for library classification schemes ht pu electronic library 2003.0 
are quorums an alternative for database replication r jimenez-peris m patino-martinez b kemme g acm trans . on database systems  
the additive nature of chronic and temporary sources of construct accessibility ja bargh rn bond wj lombardi me tota journal of personality and social psychology  
mcmc maximum likelihood cj geyer computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
opossum : desk-top schema management through customizable visualization em haber ye ioannidis m livny proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
optics : approach to spatia1data mining m ankerst m breunig hp kriegel j sander vldb &#39; 97  
directions of development of the cadastral system in poland a hopfer w wilkowski second international conference on land management  
irm : integrated region matching for image retrieval j li jz wang g wiederhold   
social movement policy success : decriminalizing state sodomy laws 1969-1998 md kane mobilization-san diego - 2003.0 
influence of brothers and sisters on sex-role behavior gs leventhal journal of personality and social psychology 1970.0 
the building blocks for specifying communication behavior of complex objects : an activity-driven l liu r meersman acm transactions on database systems 1996.0 
operational management of telematics systems and services bl de goede   
case for output management systems . k schwaber computerworld. 1981.0 
deconvolution in compton profile measurements p paatero s manninen t paakkari phil . mag. 1974.0 
xml 's impact on databases and data sharing l seligman   
cache tables : paving the way for an adaptive database cache m altä ± nel c bornhã ¶ vd s krishnamurthy c mohan   
pit structure variation in the southwestern deserts : a view from the san simon drainage . paper pa gilman  1998.0 
trends in government endorsed security product evaluations re smith   
experiments on access to digital libraries : how can images and text be used together m lesk proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
molecular recognition in lamellar solids and thin films i reactions acc . chem . res 1998.0 
processing of electrical wave forms from the heart gs herman-giddens rc barr ms spach rb warren proc . 28th acemb sept  
query processing utilizing dependencies and horizontal decomposition y kambayashi m yoshikawa   
transcriptional activation through interaction of mbf2 with tfiia fq li k takemaru m goto h ueda h handa s genes to cells 1997.0 
states of knowledge in cryptographic protocols mj merritt pl wolper unpublished manuscript  
paper presented at usâ ?? japan workshop on power reactor studies a hatayamaâ ? ¦ san diego  
common features of simulation based scheduling fp wyman   
1999b . stochastic gradient boosting jh friedman technical report department of statistics stanford  
ductile shear zones ; a mechanism of rock deformation in the orthogneisses of the maggia nappe c simpson  1981.0 
efficientalgorithmsfor processing xpath queries g gottlob c koch r pichler proc . of  
the future of campus media centers mj albright new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
passion : optimized i/o for parallel applications a choudhary r thakur r bordawekar s more s ieee computer  
cytologic diagnosis of fat emboli in peripheral blood during sickle cell infarctive crisis kh van hoeven jl wanner sk ballas   
practical programmer a sociopolitical look at open source rl glass communications-acm 2003.0 
extraversion social cognition and the salience of aversiveness in social encounters wg graziano ab feldesman df rahe journal of personality and social psychology  
cover your assets d essex computerworld  
aâ ?? n alrorithm for mutual exclusion in distributed systems m maekawa   
fuzzy logic gain scheduling for non-linear servo tracking ma brdys jj littler   
grammar transformations in an eda for genetic programming pan bosman ed de jong gecco 2004 workshop proceedings seattle washington usa 2004.0 
the complexity of operations on a fragmented relation c meghini c thanos acm transactions on database systems 1991.0 
constructivism : theory perspectives and practice ct fosnotâ ? ¦  1996.0 
joint analysis of dual-wavelength and dual-polarization ( zdr ) radar measurements during maypole ( ( may vn bringi j vivekanandan jd tuttle ta seliga k conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
taming the underlying challenges of reliable multihop routing a woo t tong d culler proc . acm  
humor as structure and theme in faulkner 's trilogy pg adams wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1964.0 
microsoft terraserver : a spatial data warehouse : [ technical report ms-tr-99-29 ] t barclay j gray d slutz advanced technology division microsoft  
e. cient and e. ective clustering methods for spatial data mining r ng j han proc . 1994 vldb  
correctness and parallelism in composite systems g alonso s blott a fessler hj schek   
getting where you want to go with objects t mcdonough application development trends 1999.0 
finding all simple disjunctive decompositions using irredundant sum-of-products forms s minato g de micheli proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
a new randomized algorithm for document fingerprinting s ganguly g veda   
similarity judgements and the causes of relational responding d hackett  2000.0 
large-signal behavior of junction transistors jj ebers jl moll proc . ire  
a case for end system multicast y hua chu sg rao h zhang proc . of acm sigmetrics  
guãa del parque geolã ³ gico de chera c santisteban e sanchis   
voter confusion and voter rationality : the use of counter propositions in direct legislation sa banducci  1995.0 
economics and scalability of qos solutions abd reid bt technology journal 2005.0 
faculty unionism and university governance . hl mason new directions for higher education 1974.0 
index concurrency control in firm real-time database systems b goyal jr haritsa s seshadri v srinivasan proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ; 1995.0 
impact of wastewater irrigation on the quality of groundwater . preliminary evaluation of organic v garcãa a peã ± a s capella   
victim and perpetrator accounts of interpersonal conflict : autobiographical narratives about anger rf baumeister a stillwell sr wotman journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
an overview of tquel g ariav acm transactions on database systems  
securing mobile ad hoc networksâ ?? a motivational approach b strulo j farr a smith bt technology journal 2003.0 
report of the iea international fusion materials irradiation facility evaluation panel je leiss k ehrlich an goland a miyahara h ohno san diego  
view-based query processing for regular path queries with inverse d calvanese g de giacomo m lenzerini my vardi   
durable goods and the wealth distribution a dä ± az mj luengo-prado unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
an efficient algorithm for mining association in large databases a savasere e omiecinski s navathe   
latent semantic indexing model for boolean query formulation ( poster session ) dh baek hs lim hc rim proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
truth revelation in approximately efficient combinatorial auctions d lehmann y shoham journal-acm 2002.0 
y. vardi rewriting of regular expressions and regular path queries d calvanese g degiacomo m lenzeriniandm proc . of the 18th acm sigact sigmod sigart symp . on  
probleme der leistungsmessung fernstudieneinheit 10 langenscheidt mã 1/4 nchen 1996 s bolton   
a. 0 . mendelson & y. sagiv testing implications of data dependencies dm mms acm transactions on database systems  
the ecobase environmental information system : applications architecture and open issues a tanaka p valduriezâ ? ¦ acm sigmod record  
isolated uvular angioedema associated with ace inhibitor use dc kuo ra barish journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
introduction into electromagnetic sounding ( lecture manuscript ) p weidelt technical university of braunschweig germany  
, s. sudarshan m. bawa g. bhalotia and d. shah . turbo-charging vertical mining of large databases p shenoy technical report tr-2000-02 dsl indian institute of science  
gamma knife surgery in acoustic tumours g noren d greitz a hirsch i lax acta neurochirurgica supplementum-wien - 1993.0 
cyclic networks : a family of versatile fixed-degree interconnection architectures ch yeh b parhami   
dietary fiber in nutrition management of diabetes jw anderson k ward see ref  
complexity of products of modal logics 1997 m marx   
practical lessons in supporting large-scale computational science . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
submodule construction from concurrent system specifications e haghverdi h ural information and software technology 1999.0 
c and liang wy 1982 s bayliss phil .  
dose-related suppression of rem sleep and pgo waves by the serotonin-1 agonist eltoprazine jj quattrochi an mamelak d binder j williams neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
cognitive mapping abilities of young girls and boys mh matthews geography  
implementing xquery 1.0 : the galax experience demonstration track m fernandez j simeonâ ? ¦ proceedings of conference on very large databases ( vldb ) to & hellip ;  
pc pricing reconsidered : free nt test drive debuts â ?? sj johnston computerworld  
juvenile hormone control of epidermal commitment in vivo and in vitro lm riddiford see ref  
â ? ³ a predicate matching algorithm for database rule systems.â ? ³ acm sigmod international conference e hansonâ ? ¦ sigmod record  
total variance : a progress report on a new frequency stability characterization da howe ca greenhall   
special issue on real-time database systems m eich acm sigmod record 1988.0 
xmark : a benchmark for xml data management . monetdb . swi . nl 2002 a schmidt f waas m kersten mj carey i cwi amsterdam nl . microsoft corporations wa usa . bea  
an efficient method for knn join processing c xia h lu bc ooi jh gorder proc . of vldb  
lof : identifying density-based locak outliers [ a ] hpk markus mb proc acm sigmod  
some problems in the philosophy of science of organizations o behling the academy of management review 1978.0 
a performance study of power-saving polices for wi-fi hotspots g anastasi m conti e gregori a passarella computer networks 2004.0 
the zeus agent building tool-kit jc collis dt ndumu hs nwana lc lee bt technology journal 1998.0 
the entity-relationship model-toward a unified model of data p chen acm trans . database systems  
an adaptive signal derivative estimator x yu jx xu electronic letters  
xasmâ ?? an extensible component-based abstract state machines language m anlauff   
andh . garcia-molina . objectfusioninmediatorsystems y papakonstantinou s abiteboul proceedings of international conference on very large  
on ensuring three-layer wirability by stretching planar layout t gonzalez sq zheng  1989.0 
penetration of penicillin into human phagocytes containing gonococci . dr veale h smith lancet i 1975.0 
molarchâ ? ã?molecular architecture modeling program s immel technical university of darmstadt  
meta-level design instruments for reuse-based evolution s jarzabek submitted for  
semantic coordination : a new approach and an application p bouquet l serafini s zanobini lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
locally adaptive dimensionality reduction for indexing large time series databases k chakrabarti e keogh s mehrotra m pazzani acm transactions on database systems 2002.0 
a typology of deviant workplace behaviors : a multidimensional scaling study sl robinson rj bennett the academy of management journal 1995.0 
precision based precision timing without gps a pasztor d veitch proceedings of acm  
coding techniques for digital data networks j massey proc .  
vegetation cattle and economic responses to grazing strategies and pressures wa manley rh hart mj samuel ma smith jt manley journal of range management 1997.0 
self-topology control in wireless multihop ad hoc communication networks w krause r sollacher m greiner submitted for  
exlremat properlies of likelihood . ratio quantizers i tsiisiklis proc . 29th ieee coof decision contr honolulu hi dec  
â ?? introduction : handheld computing ba myers m beigl ieee computer  
hierarchical compact cube for range-max queries sy lee tw ling hg li vldb 2000.0 
rapid integration and testing of business solutions cj carter bt technology journal 1997.0 
talent development comprehensive school reform model evaluation design . j kemple j snipes new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
dealing with details in a large class . rp brooks new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
medical ultrasound transducers and beamforming s holm   
balancing push and pull for data broadcast a swarup m franklin s zdonik proceedings of the acm sigmod conference tucson-arizona & hellip ;  
a comparative study of overachieving and underachieving college students on factors other than em boyce  1956.0 
few is projects come in on time on budget r cafasso computerworld  
huby r. and newns hc 1952 ab bhatia k huang phil .  
an economic analysis of vegetative buffer strip implementation . case study : elkhorn slough monterey fa rein coastal management 1999.0 
listeners as co-narrators jb bavelas l coates t johnson journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
j. girgensohn a. and l. wilcox â ?? an intelligent media browser using automatic multimodal j foote j boreczky proc . acm  
bioactive calcium phosphate coatings on poly ( etheretherketone ) and its composites sw ha phd . thesis eth zurich switzerland  
phase i clinical study of cpt-11 . research group of cpt-11 t taguchi a wakui k hasegawa h niitani h furue gan to kagaku ryoho 1990.0 
microwave dielectric properties of bao-tio2-wo3 ceramics sintering with glasses [ a ] . 1995 ieee mtt-s t takada sf wang sj jangâ ? ¦ seattle washington  
for the pierre auger collaboration m roth proc . 28th icrc ( tsukuba japan 2003 )  
centralized end-to-end flow control in a best-effort network-on-chip p avasare v nollet jy mignolet d verkest h proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
in vivo aspects of nitric oxide ( no ) chemistry : does peroxynitrite ( _ oono ) play a major role in jm fukoto lj ignarro acc . chem . res  
almost entirely correct mixing with application to voting d boneh p golle proc . acm  
jet scour in cohesive and non-cohesive sediments . sa ansari uc kothyari kg ranga raju proc. 2nd int . ( 29th national ) conf . on fluid mechanics and & hellip ;  
experimental mathematics : an application to retarded differential equations with infinite lag a feldstein ck grafton proc . 1968 acm national  
parallel programming with polaris rd williamblume r eigenmann j grout j hoeinger ieee computer  
the 2001 survey on time use and leisure activities js bureau online at  
mentoring modeling monitoring motivating : response to students ' ungraded writing as academic a young new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
drifting games re schapire machine learning 2001.0 
fatige performance of waterjet peened aluminum alloy : preliminary results [ a ] m ramulu m jenkins s kunapomâ ? ¦ proceedings d the international symposium on new & hellip ;  
parallelizing oodbms traversals : a performance evaluation dj de witt jf naughton jc shafer s venkataraman the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
temperature and velocity measurements in a hypersonic laminar boundary layer soâ ?? byrne pm danehy afp houwing s mallinson p proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on shock  
wired colleges 101 a hickman pc magazine online  
arac protein from escherichia coli gl wilcox  1972.0 
random surface discretizations and the renormalization of the bending rigidity g gompper dm kroll j. phys . i france 1996.0 
superconnections and the chern character d quillen to pology  
formulas containing hydrolysed protein for prevention of allergy and food intolerance in infants da osborn j sinn cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
similarity based retrieval of pictures using indices on spatial relationships ap sistla c yu c liu k liu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
publish/subscribe in nonstop sql : transactional streams in a relational context m hanlon j klein r van der linden h zeller data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
efficient mining of xml query patterns for caching lh yang ml lee w hsu vldb 2003.0 
spidaâ ?? a novel data analysis tool d nauck m spott b azvine bt technology journal 2003.0 
combination of data sets for system identification dj leith   
the impact of a nonlocal turbulence scheme on modeling the convective boundary layer observed during as adams  2002.0 
join queries with external text sources : execution and optimization techniques s chaudhuri u dayal tw yan sigmod conference 1995.0 
on the origin of the hungarian method hw kuhn history of mathematical programming : a collection of  
theresa m. hippert b plan  2002.0 
in : the human nervous system aj beitz  1990.0 
californiaâ ?? s evolving water markets a case study from 1977 to 2000 . rj mccann e cutter & hellip ; association international conferences seattle washington & hellip ;  
looking to the future : implementation of a five-year plan . pl beukema new directions for higher education 1986.0 
use of generalised discharge equation for flow over triangular skew weir . mn shesha prakash av shivapur proc. 28th nat . conf. fluid mechanics and fluid power & hellip ;  
self-relevant scenarios as mediators of likelihood estimates and compliance : does imagining make it wl gregory rb cialdini km carpenter journal of personality and social psychology  
window on the world d maier proc . acm sigmod  
paramodulation and set of support l wos g robinson   
optimal computation of total projections with unions of chase join expressions epf chan proceedings of acm sigmod conference  
patel : â ?? complex relationships and knowledge discovery support in the infoquilt systemâ ?? t sheth the vldb  
seeking out children in need . s cusack computerworld. 1990.0 
call admission control and routing in multi-service networks by markov decision theory with state e nordstrom j carlstrom  2002.0 
super coster kronig and resonance super coster kronig spectra of solid ge around 3 p-ionization a kivimaki h aksela s aksela op sairanen proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
evaluating agents ' learning with models of artificial intelligence e kalyvas msc thesis . computer science department university of  
a review and reconceptualization of organizational commitment ae reichers the academy of management review 1985.0 
resistance to self-direction in adult learning : myths and misunderstandings . rg brockett new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
early affective antecedents of adult type a behavior b macevoy ww lambert p karlberg j karlberg i journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
dut . 1977 . postharvest handling of south african citrus fruit p pelser proc . int . soc .  
et . ai. '' implementing recoverable queues p bernstein proc . 1990 sigmod annual  
the demsetz hypothesis and hospital markets : an empirical analysis ideas.repec.org   
field report s jejeebhoy bombay  
replicated document management in a group communication system s beckhardt t halvorsen i greif   
robert lewis dabney apostle of the old south dh overy  1967.0 
annealing characteristics of phosphorus implanted silicon . 1 . rw bicknell phil . mag 1972.0 
fast algorithms for mining association rules in databases r agrawal r srikant the 20th int &#39; l conf . on vldb chile  
the research scanning polarimeter : calibration and ground-based measurements b cairns proc . spie 1999.0 
a classification-based methodology for planning audit strategies in fraud detection f bonchi f giannotti g mainetto d pedreschi proceedings of the fifth acm sigkdd international conference & hellip ; 1999.0 
renal transplantation in very young children rs trompeter c chantler lancet i 1983.0 
data quality and data cleaning : an overview t johnson t dasu   
viewmaintenanceinawarehousing environment '' y zhuge h garcia-molina j hammer j widom proc . of acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
asymmetric epoxidation of olefins [ j ] js johnson da evans acc . chem . res  
teaching software engineering at university . pw garratt g edmunds information and software technology 1988.0 
inp solar cells grown by gas-source molecular beam epitaxy ( abstract only ) jp zibin k rakennus k tappura g zhang j oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
why xml matters bz gottesman pc magazine  
information rules s carl hr varian  1998.0 
effect of washing sequence and heated solutions to degreened hamlin oranges on diplodia stem-end rot ge brown ma baraka proc int soc citriculture  
ambiguity and the principle of idiosyncratic interpretation k van deemter submitted for publication  
agent-oriented software engineering : the state of the art m wooldridge p ciancarini lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
faloutsos â ?? the r + - tree : a dynamic index for multi-dimensional objects â ?? r sellis proc . 13th international conference on very large data  
time complexity of practical parallel steiner point insertion algorithms da spielman sh teng a ungor proceedings of acm-spaa 2004.0 
optimal software release time incorporating fault correction s gokhale   
peer-to-peer technology business and service models : risks and opportunities saiho kwok electronic markets 2002.0 
the structure of science e nagel  1961.0 
advances in disk technology : performance issues sw ng ieee computer 1998.0 
a distributed object manager for the smalltalk-80 system d decouchant acm press frontier series 1989.0 
theoretical foundations of association rules m ogihara proceedings of the 3â ??  
rethinking the holidays . teacher 's resources . ph porter social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
queries s chaudhuri lgetk selection proc . 25th vldb  
a case study of representational activity at a customer-centered business nv flor pp maglio   
discrete differential-geometry operators for triangulated meshes m meyer m desbrun p schrã ¶ der ah barr  2002.0 
laptops in class : what are they good for ? what can you do with them ? be weaver lb nilson new directions for teaching and learning 2005.0 
environmental justice : environmental adult education at the confluence of oppressions rj hill new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
developing a next-generation internet architecture : new arch dd clark kr sollins jt wroclawski   
radiation field analysis and synthesis using pronyâ ?? s method ek miller dl lager electronic letters 1978.0 
efficient processing of spatial joins using r-trees t brinkhoff hp kriegel b seeger   
ability schooling and earnings : are twins different ? d blanchflower p elias  1999.0 
hierarchical memory with block transfer aa acs ak chandra m snir proc . 28th ieee syrup . on foundations of computer science  
sexual conflict and arms races between the sexes : a morphological adaptation for control of mating g arnqvist l rowe proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
a cost model for query processing in high dimensional data spaces acm transactions on database systems 2000 acm transactions on database systems 2000.0 
db2/xml : designing for evolution k beyer f ã?zcan s saiprasad b van der linden proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
on an authorization mecha - holt71 nism r fagin acm trans . database syst .  
a distributed real-time architecture skg harts ieee computer  
richard . ifo : a formal semantic database model s abiteboul r hull acm transactions on database systems  
wherefore and what now uml ? for systems architects it is the best chance yet at a common language d melewski application development trends 1999.0 
the heterogeneity problem and middleware technology : experiences with and performance of database f de ferreira rezende k hergula proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
automatic classification of database columns using feature analysis hct ho x tian submitted for publication  
electromagnetic waves tj bromwich phil . mag  
26th congress ampere on magnetic resonance 1992 d barb s constantinescu d tarina is lyubutin athens  
insite : a tool for interpreting users ? interaction with a web space c shahabi a faisal fb kashani j faruque proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 
energy feedback systems at kekb injector linac k furukawa a enomoto n kamikubota t kamitani y   
alphasort : a cache-sensitive parallel external sort d lomet t barclay c nyberg z cvetanovic j gray   
personal communication c gasperoni athens greece  
query routing in the terradir distributed directory b silaghi b bhattacharjee p keleher submitted for publication 2001.0 
learn java now d stephen  1998.0 
peer isolation and drug use among white non-hispanic and mexican american adolescents cr tani el chavez jl deffenbacher adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
a survey of concurrent metatem-the language and its applications m fisher lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
assessment of pain management skills in emergency medicine residents : the role of a pain education jb jones journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
pricetg ( 1979 ) accesspathelectioninarelationaldatabasemanagement system amm selingerpg lr chamberlindd proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
equilibrium policy experiments and the evaluation of social programmes ottawa j lise s seitz j smith social research and demonstration corporation  
norfluoxetine enantiomers as inhibitors and serotonin uptake in rat brain dt wong fp bymaster lr reid da mayle neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
usa 1996 ca san diego   
q1650 k = 7 multi-code rate viterbi decoder technical data sheet . 6455 lusk boulevard i qualcomm san diego ca  
trialgebras and families of polytopes may 2002 preprint : arxiv : math jl loday m ronco   
a temporal foundation for continuous queries over data streams j kramer b seeger   
virtual hashing dynamically changing hashing w lltwm proc of 4th vldb west-berlin sep  
inside windows nt . may 1998 da solomon microsoft  
making network interfaces less peripheral ss mukherjee md hill ieee computer 1998.0 
free theorems in the presence of seq p johann j voigtlander   
public finance of private goods : the case of higher education r garratt jm marshall   
index nesting-an efficient approach to indexing in object-oriented databases bc ooi j han h lu kl tan the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
hâ '' control for impul-sive disturbances : a state space approach '' qf wei wp dayawansa ps krishnaprasad & hellip ; of american control conference seattle washington  
a good read : finding a niche for notable books np gallavan social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
how to charge for network services - flat-rate or usage-based ? j altmann k chu computer networks 2001.0 
mentoring program practices and effectiveness . aw johnson ja sullivan new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
table of integrals series and products ( 4th edition 1980 academic press ) is gradshtein im ryzhik see  
information rules da stirling sigmod record 2003.0 
building light-weight wrappers for legacy web data-sources using w4f s arnaud a fabien proceedings of 25th vldb conference edinburgh scotland uk  
zur verbreitung und oekologie endophytischer pilze o petrini  1984.0 
midwife to a learning community : spirit as co-inquirer ww roberson new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
on the convergence rates of ipa and fdc derivative estimators for finite-horizon stochastic systems plâ ?? ecuyer g perron submitted for publication  
how superissuperoxide dt sawyer js valentine acc . chem . res  
vitamin e for intermittent claudication j kleijnen d mackerras cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
associative caching in client-server databases j basu  1998.0 
scheduling of scientific workflows in the askalon grid environment m wieczorek r prodan t fahringer sigmod record 2005.0 
enhancing the productivity of learning : curricular implications db johnstone pa maloney new directions for higher education 1998.0 
graphical turns in multimodal communication i umata a shimojima y katagiri n swoboda proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the cognitive & hellip ;  
modelling site selection : a relational matching approach based on fuzzy decision tables f witlox technical university eindhoven eindhoven  
extension of embeddings in the recurisvely enumerable degrees ta slaman ri soare to appear  
touch-screens for intuitive input md stone pc magazine  
model checking and modular verification o grumberg de long acm transactions on programming languages and systems ( & hellip ; 1994.0 
cure : a clustering algorithm for large databases s guha r rastogi k shim proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
a study of curriculum utilized in three carpenterâ ?? s apprenticeship programs in wisconsin and gt coenen  2002.0 
knowledge sharing technology project overview t finin m cutkosky t gruber j van baalen technical report ksl-91-71 stanford university november  
understanding and using action research in practice settings gw kuhne ba quigley new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
a probabilistic framework for matching temporal trajectories : condensation-based recognition of mj black ad jepson lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
design and analysis of authentication of employ agreement [ c ] d bin w jian proceedings of 2003 international conference on management & hellip ;  
topology wp thurston td geometry to  
terrestrial vertebrates as indicators of mesozoic climates jh ostrom proceedings of the north american paleontological convention & hellip ;  
ã?ã?in search of the sourceã?ã ? fj derfler pc magazine  
foreword cm earnshaw bt technology journal 1998.0 
detecting image near-duplicate by stochastic attributed relational graph matching with learning dq zhang sf chang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
cross-cultural training effectiveness : a review and a theoretical framework for future research js black m mendenhall the academy of management review 1990.0 
automatic clustering for browsing personal photographs jc platt m czerwinskim bp field microsoft research technical report msr-tr-2002-17  
s and rungis j 1970 rs crisp phil . mag  
sperm competition and sexual selection : academic press tr birkhead ap mã ¸ ller san diego ca  
manufacturing flexibility : a strategic perspective d gerwin management science 1993.0 
feature extraction via generalized uncorrelated linear discriminant analysis j ye r janardan q li h park proc . 21st intâ ?? l conf . machine learning 2004.0 
integrated architectures for machine learning l saitta   
on understanding grammar t giv6n  1979.0 
ber performance in wavelength packet switched wdm systems during nano-second wavelength switching a dantcha lp barry j murphy j dunne t mullane   
a model of authorization for next-generation database systems e bertino w kim f rabitti d woelk acm tods  
challenges and trends in processor design : reining in complexity g grohoski ieee computer  
dynamic process simulation for advanced control project support npra computer conference oct. 29 ~ 31 ra stott j caldwell washington :  
s. & badrinath br ( 1994 ) . energy efficient indexing on air tv imielinski proceedings of the acm conference on management of data (  
change and continuity in the employment structure of large companies p marginson farewell to flexibility  
guiding students toward solutions in field experiences j beckett nk grant new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
decoupling partitioning and grouping : overcoming shortcomings of spatial indexing with bucketing h samet acm trans . database syst 2004.0 
merging ranks from heterogeneous internet sources l gravano h garcia-molina proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
capacity planning tool for streaming media services l cherkasova w tang proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
supporting consistent updates in replicated multidatabase systems . int w du a elmagarmid w kim o bukhres journal on vldb  
algebraic support for complex objectswitharrays identity andinheritance . inj . cliffordandr . king sl vandenberg dj dewitt proceedings of the sigmod international conference on  
a proposal for an xml data definition and manipulation language b shamkante s navathe vldb conference .  
the concentration of high-value-added manufacturing a pred economic geography 1965.0 
unassisted and assisted ion transport across membranes : insights from computer simulations a pohorille ma wilson   
supex : a schema-guided path index for xml data . doctoral poster j wang x meng s wang proc . of 28th vldb conf . hong kong  
media companion : delivering content-oriented web services to internet media wy maâ ? ¦   
finding usability problems through heuristic evaluation . chi '92 j nielsen proceedings acm press  
analysis of shared buâ ? er switches under non-uniform traâ ? c pattern and global flowcontrol m saleh m atiquzzaman computer networks 2000.0 
neuroticism marital interaction and the trajectory of marital satisfaction br karney tn bradbury journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
stressful life events : their nature and effects bs dohrenwend bp dohrenwend  1974.0 
academic press h osteology san diego  
the pretenure years : a longitudinal perspective d olsen md sorcinelli new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
low level driving routine for the omni-directional robot c voo & hellip ; centre for intelligent information processing systems & hellip ; 2000.0 
an introduction to policy management ja clark j mcdonald bt technology journal 2005.0 
piecewise smoothing for blurred images based on nonlinear diffusion equation [ z ] g xin l laifu   
strategy adaptation by competing subpopulations d schlierkamp-voosen h muehlenbein lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
screening for colorectal cancer using the faecal occult blood test hemoccult bp towler l irwig p glasziou d weller j cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the seed : a peer-to-peer environment for genome annotation r overbeek t disz r stevens communications-acm 2004.0 
erq : controlled inference and instruction techniques for dbms query languages j longstaff proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
theory and application of wave propagation and scattering in random media a ishimaru ieee proceedings 1977.0 
the web now in infrared c levin pc  
sql : 2003 has been published a eisenberg j melton k kulkarni acm sigmod record 2004.0 
epiploic appendagitis : a new diagnosis for the emergency physician . two case reports and a review - dr vinson journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
3d exploration of uniprocessor schedules for dsp algorithms j teich e zitzler ss bhattacharyya   
prosocial studies . curriculum concerns . r wadeâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
temporal connectives versus explicit timestamps in temporal query languages ( preliminary report ) s abiteboul l herr j van den bussche & hellip ; workshop of temporal databases zurich switzerland & hellip ;  
on periodically nonstationary processes li gudzenko radiotekhnika i elektronika  
early hash join : a configurable algorithm for the efficient and early production of join results r lawrence proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
using program theory to describe and measure program quality l bickman ka peterson new directions for program evaluation  
on the recommending of citations for research papers s mcnee i albert d cosley p gopalkrishnan sk proceedings of acm computer supported cooperative work 2002.0 
statement on non-heart-beating donor programs g kootstra transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
solving non-boolean satisfiability problems with stochastic local search : a comparison of encodings . am frisch tj peugniez unpublished manuscript available from http://www . cs . york .  
sorting grouping and duplicate elimination in the advanced information management prototype . pmg g saake v linnemann p pistor l wegener proc . 15 int . conference on very large databases  
incomplete information costs and database design h mendelson an saharia acm transactions on database systems 1986.0 
a distributed computing approach to mission operations support ( for spacecraft ) rl larsen & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1975.0 
robust techniques for watermarking sequential circuits a oliveira proc . ieee/acm design automation  
requirement of transfer-messenger rna for the growth of bacillus subtilis under stresses a muto a fujihara k ito j matsuno c ushida h genes to cells 2000.0 
fast andaccurate flow-insensitivepoints-toanalysis mss horwitz proc . 24th . acm symposiumonprinciplesofprogramminglanguages & hellip ;  
modelling the hysteretic characteristics of a magnetorheological fluid damper er wangâ ? ¦ proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2003.0 
formation of methylglyoxal-modified proteins in vitro and in vivo and their involvement in age - pj thornalley m westwood twc lo ac mclellan contributions to  
theperformanceadvantages of integrating message passing in cache-coherent multiprocessors sc woo j singh j hennessy technical report csl-tr-93-593 stanford university  
data base system security and ingres v downs g popes m proc . conf . very large data bases  
scheduling tasks with nonuniform deadlines on two processors mr garey ds johnson journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1976.0 
primary inclusion of culturally diverse minority program participants in the evaluation process am madison new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
an efficient implementation of boolean functions and finite state machines as self-timed circuits i david r ginosar   
ceo ownership leasing and debt financing h mehran ra taggart d yermack   
oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil pe shasha d. the dangers of replication and a solution j gray p helland proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
observaciones de marea gravimã © trica en el teide ( tenerife islas canarias ) 2âª asamblea hispano - j arnoso j fernã ¡ ndez ej vã © lez r vieira  2000.0 
jeffrey . s. vitter . scalable sweeping-based spatial join l arge o procopiuc s ramaswamy t suel proceedings of the 24th vldb  
developing an object exchange model template ( oemt ) for grids distributed supply chain ( dsc ) g tan wn ng s taylor san diego usa  
detection of oceanographic fronts : a knowledge based n rees j aiken procs expert systems  
msocks + : an architecture for transport layer mobility p bhagwat da maltz a segall computer networks 2002.0 
individual creativity and group ability to utilize individual creative resources : a multilevel model s taggar academy of management journal 2002.0 
counterpoint in faulkner 's '' the wild palms '' wt jewkes wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
message-based part state graphs ( mpsg ) for shop floor control js smith sb joshi the proceedings of the 2 ~ d lie research conference los & hellip ;  
the adjustment of the drachma exchange rates k varvaressos  1953.0 
bridging the gap between olap and sql jp dittrich d kossmann a kreutz proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
an experimental investigation of the velocity field due to a line heat source hj nawoj ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1975.0 
the radiansphere around a small antenna ha wheeler proc . ire  
theory of spectral graph layout b beckman   
inside-out interaction : an interaction technique for dealing with large interface surfaces such as d fallman a lund m wiberg   
bayesian detection of wi-fi transmitter rf fingerprints n serinken o ureten electronic letters  
are we working on the right problems ? m stonebraker sigmod record 1998.0 
use of code sensing technique in the receiver-based spreading code protocol and its performance xh chen   
urbanâ ?? suburbanâ ?? rural air temperature differences related to street geometry i eliasson physical geography  
w. lam h. oql : a query language for manipulating object-oriented databases am alashqur sy su proc . int . conf . very large databases amsterdam the & hellip ;  
missing and inapplicable values fd linn acm sigmod record 1987.0 
parametric estimation and spectral analysis of chaotic time series a lopes s lopes submitted for publication 1995.0 
fast algorithm to find frequent item . sets for mining of association rules xp du k kaneko a makinouchi proc . int conf info society in the 21st century : emerging & hellip ;  
how to identify and estimate the top largest traffic matrix elements in a changing environment a soule a nucci e leonardi r cruz n taft proceedings of acm  
teams or communities-organizational structures for km c ferran-urdanet proc . of acm sigcpr â ?? 99  
a-type granites : geochemical characteristics discrimination and petrogenesis jb whalen kl currie bw chappell contributions to mineralogy and petrology 1987.0 
complex channel response to flow regulation : cudgegong river below windamere dam australia pc benn wd erskine applied geography 1994.0 
limusa wiley 2002 dc montgomery gc runger   
managing the data resource j winkler m kahn c clark t michels proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1978.0 
salinger : the romantic background cf strauch wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
new age components for old-fashioned java s mcdirmid m flatt wch jiazzi proc . of acm sigplan  
feynmanâ ?? s operational calculi for noncommuting systems of operators : spectral theory b jefferies gw johnson   
artificial intelligence approaches to the learning of humans p graf diploma thesis eth zurich switzerland 2003 . see e-collection .  
consulting about teaching : an overview c knapper s piccinin new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
an algorithm for characterizing error event sequences in partial response channels m berggren & hellip ; project swiss fed . inst . technol . zurich switzerland aug  
coping as a personality process : a prospective study n bolger journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
on voltaic series and the combination of gases by platinum wr grove phil . mag  
collaboration and learning within immersive virtual reality rl jackson e fagan the proceedings of acm cve 2000.0 
quantitative precipitation measurements with dual linear polarisation radar jwf goddard sm cherry conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
record-boundary discovery in web documents dw embley ys jiang yk ng   
sar interferometry : an application of simulated annealing to phase unwrapping s dupont d labrousse m berthod s antipolis proceedings of the scandinavian conference on image analysis 1995.0 
query execution assurance for outsourced databases r sion proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
epigenetic marks by dna methylation specific to stem germ and somatic cells in mice k shiota y kogo j ohgane t imamura a urano k genes to cells 2002.0 
multilingual newspaper clippings image database ( poster ) ssy tsang proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
allocation of risk capital in financial institutions f saita financial management 1999.0 
dbms and ai : is there any common point of view ? m stonebraker d sagalowicz r wilensky proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
the connectivity server : fast access to linkage information on the web k bharat az broder mr henzinger p kumar s www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
antibiotics for persistent nasal discharge ( rhinosinusitis ) in children ( cochrane review ) p morris a leach cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
integral formulation for 3d eddy-current computation using edge elements r albanese g rubinacci   
et ai . exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained associations rules nrl lvs j han  1998.0 
nucleic acid res y furuichi  1974.0 
full text pdf format pdf ( 54 kb ) source history of programming languages archive rl wexelblat history of programming languages 1978.0 
telechelic polymers : synthesis and applications ej goethals  1989.0 
analytic interpolation and the degree constraint tt georgiou   
xenopus cyclin a1 can associate with cdc28 in budding yeast causing cell-cycle arrest with an m funakoshi h sikder h ebihara k irie k genes to cells 1997.0 
the scattering of light and other electromagnetic radiation academic m kerker new york  
forming conditions of graikas lignite n. peloponnese s kalaitzidis s papazisimou k christanis proc . 9 thint . geol . congr. athens greece xxxiv ( 3 )  
bringing pictorial space to life : computer techniques for the analysis of paintings a criminisi m kemp a zisserman   
hyperstormâ ?? administering structured documents using object-oriented database technology k bã ¶ hm k aberer proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1996.0 
c . shaw . two handed polygonal surface design m green proceedings of acm uist  
computer graphics prentice-hall d hearn mp baker   
groups ask ftc to investigate amazon . com 's privacy policies l rosencrance   
fire your broker l david pc magazine new york  
on forestry 1999 a no see clause  
a dynamic state of charge model for electric vehicle batteries sk song kh kim proc . int . electric vehicle symp  
radio access networks beyond 3g : a first comparison of architectures m annoni   
mã © thodes et outils pour la gestion des connaissancesâ '' dunod paris 2000 r dieng o corby a giboin j golebiowska n matta   
state-level evaluation uses of cost analysis : a national descriptive survey nl smith jk smith new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
one { two { tree ( s ) and sylow subgroups of sn m abert p diaconis technical report department of mathematics stanford university  
computer-generated floral ornament d salesin m wong d zongker proceedings of the 25 thannual conference on computer  
guidance and control of ocean vehicles ti fossen   
tutorial : advanced transaction models-survey and critique c mohan acm sigmod international conference on management of data & hellip ; 1994.0 
conditionally immortalized cell lines with differentiated functions established from temperature - m obinata genes to cells 1997.0 
the irradiance jacobian for partially occluded polyhedral sources j arvo proceedings of siggraph 1994.0 
resources for multicultural awareness and social action rw wilhelm social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
ming frequent patterns without candidate generation p hanj y yin dallas tx usa : proc . 2000 acm-sigmod int . conf . on & hellip ;  
tests of significance : theory and method in research on self-esteem tj scheff dj fearon & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa barbara  
performance analysis of three related assignment problems ct yu k lam   
modeling and simulation of friction da haessig b friedland proc . spie 1991.0 
implementation of a 256-bit wideword processor for the data-intensive architecture ( diva ) processing j draper j sondeen cw kang   
comparison of evolutionary and deterministic multiobjective algorithms for dose optimization in n milickovic m lahanas d baltas n zamboglou lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
close call in air caused by computer glitch k ohlson computerworld  
approximate counts and quantiles over sliding windows a arasu gs manku proceedings of acm principles of database systems 2004.0 
benzodiazepme receptors h mohler t okada demonstration m the central nervous system . & fence  
petra todd ( 2000a ) : â ?? progressing through progresa : an impact assessment of mexicoâ ?? s school j behrman p sengupta unpublished  
divafication : the deification of modern female pop stars l lister popular music and society 2001.0 
expression of the vax family homeobox genes suggests multiple roles in eye development k ohsaki t morimitsu y ishida r kominami n genes to cells 1999.0 
exploiting and protecting 802.11 b wireless networks c ellison pc magazine september 4th 2001.0 
the ramsey number r ( c ~ 7 c ~ 7 c ~ 7 ) r faudree a schelten i schiermeyer discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2003.0 
coding constructions for blacklisting problems without computational assumptions r kumar s rajagopalan a sahai lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
software for information storage and retrieval tested evaluated and compared . pt ii : classical eg sieverts m hofstede ph haak p nieuwenhuysen electronic library 1991.0 
8051 å ? ® æ ? ¶ ç ?? å ?? ç ?? è ?? å ¯ ¦ ä 1/2 ? 2000 : å ® ? å ?? å ?? æ ? ¸ é ¦ ¬ å ?? å ® ? ï 1/4 ? è ¬ ? æ 3/4 ? æ 1/4 cents ï 1/4 ? ç ?? ç ? 3/4   
quoted dialogues in kalapalo narrative discourse e basso see ref  
linear programming v chvatal  1983.0 
improved server assisted signatures k bicakci n baykal k bicakci n baykal computer networks 2005.0 
toward the evolution of dynamical neural networks for minimally cognitive behavior rd beer   
speech-based and video-supported indexing of multimedia broadcast news y hayashi k ohtsuki k bessho o mizuno y matsuo   
very large databases in a commercial application environment kh hess proceedings of the 22th international conference on very & hellip ; 1996.0 
resistivity pre-investigations for the hallandsã ¥ s railway tunnel t dahlin r sturk sweden . procs . underground  
the sun drops its torchâ ?? 1994 ja gillerman r terry proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
an algorithm for pattern discovery in time series . kl klinkner cr shalizi jp crutchfield journal of machine learning research submitted  
a comprehensive model for assessing service-learning and community-university partnerships ba holland new directions for higher education 2001.0 
a threat-driven approach to modeling and verifying secure software d xu k nygard proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
multiresolution video segmentation using wavelet transformation h yu w wolf proc . spie 1997.0 
grid-partition index : a hybrid ap-proach to nearest-neighbor queries in wireless location-based b zheng j xu wc lee dl lee vldb journal  
rollback-dependency trackability : visible characterizations r baldoni m raynal   
a version of the teacher observation of classroom adaptation for use with preschoolers c kam m greenberg unpublished manuscript  
first-order incremental block-based statistical timing analysis c visweswariah k ravindran k kalafala sg walker   
smoking cessation for the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease j critchley s capewell cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
the use problems benefits and future directions of case in the uk sc stobart jb thompson p smith information and software technology  
growth hormome treatment of children with prader-willi syndrome as reported to the kigs database em ritzã © n submitted for  
follow-up study : long-term effects of modified internship for beginning elementary teachers fh hite  1968.0 
a novel microstirrer and arrays for microfluidic mixing l lu k ryu c liu see ref  
lattice-based access control models rs sandhu   
a guide to the birds of mexico and northern central america : oxford university press sng howell s webb new york  
ã?ber die beziehung hagelfall-gebã $ udeschã $ den : fallstudie luzern-hagelsturm vom 21 juli 1998 hh schiesser r hohl w schmid  1999.0 
a. ( 2000 ) mediacups : experience with design and use of computer-augmented everyday objects mg beigl s hw computer  
river-beach interactions on mixed sand and gravel coasts : a geomorphic model for water resource rm kirk applied geography  
improving accuracy in end-to-end packet loss measurement j sommers p barford n duffield a ron proceedings acm sigcomm 2005.0 
brain tumors : their biology and pathology kj zã 1/4 lch  1957.0 
comparing acoustically tagged juvenile chinook and steelhead behavior with powerhouse flow data at tw steig inc. seattle washington  
managing the matrix : realigning paradigms toward sustainability nd mitchell jl craig see ref  
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : surgery mj wagner jm wightman gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
usability engineering . 1993 : academic press j nielsen san  
dasd tuning | understanding the basics '' mg baker proceedings international conference on management and  
high-resolution wake modelling in helicopter flight mechanics re brown ss houston european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
reminiscences on influential papers e bertino acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
relay sensor placement in wireless sensor networks x cheng dz du l wang b xu submitted for publication 2003.0 
jini : promising technology but will it catch on ? c sliwa   
the h ^ + - pumping v-atpase of higher plants : a versatile '' ecoenzyme '' in response to environmental u luttge e fischer-schliebs r ratajczak cellular and molecular biology letters 2001.0 
the effects of conceptual and logical interfaces on visual query performance of end users kl siau hc chan kk wei proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1995.0 
nucleic acids res k marcu b dudock  1974.0 
implementing data cubes efficiently . a flfll version of lhis paper . at http://db v harinarayan a rajaraman jd ullman stanford . edu/pllb/harinarayan / 1995/cub e.  
architecture of system for configurable gis data compression j komzak p slavik   
software pipelining : a comparison and improvement rb jones vh allan   
lookahead and discretization in ilp h blockeel l de raedt lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
two separate sequences of pb2 subunit constitute the rna cap-binding site of influenza virus rna a honda k mizumoto a ishihama genes to cells 1999.0 
roberthenderson . improving thecache locality ofmemory allocation d grunwald b zorn proc . acm  
finding bch error locator polynomials in one step a brinton cooper iii   
kikuchi patterns in high voltage electron microscopy le thomas phil . mag. 1972.0 
adaptive parallelism and piranha n carriero e freeman d gelernter d kaminsky   
landfill liner case studies presentation at '' sanitary landfill design '' course d daniel university of wisconsin  
n-2-butylcyanoacrylate : risk of bacterial contamination with an appraisal of its antimicrobial jv quinn mh osmond ja yurack pj moir journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
attachment styles and patterns of self-disclosure m mikulincer o nachshon journal of personality and social psychology  
graph-theoretic methods in database theory m yannakakis proceedings of the ninth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1990.0 
michael j. miller and bill gates : uncut mj miller pc magazine  
support for temporal data by complex objects w kaefer n ritter h schoening vldb 1990.0 
algorithms and applications for answering ranked queries using ranked views v hristidis y papakonstantinou the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
building a scalable geo-spatial database system : technology implementation and evaluation j patel j yu n kabra k tufte b nag j burger proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
alignment analysis s larsen r rugina s amarasinghe technical report lcstm-605 massachusetts institute of  
adolescent premarital sexual activity cohabitation and attitudes toward marriage pd martin d martin m martin adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
improving customer experience using web services t stevens a may bt technology journal 2004.0 
relational databases for querying xml documents : limitationsand opportunities j shanmugaanndaramâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;  
irrigation water consumption through remote sensing t alexandridis y chemin comparison at  
mapping adaptation under evolving schemas y velegrakis rj miller l popa proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
sampling-based estimation of the number of distinct values of an attribute pj haas jf naughton s seshadri l stokes vldb 1995.0 
bayesian estimation of parameters of a structural model for genetic covariances between milk yield r rekaya ka weigel d gianola proc . 50 thannu . mtg. eaap zurich switzerland . wageningen & hellip ;  
approximate nn queries on streams with guaranteed error/performance bounds n koudas bc ooi kl tan r zhang proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
distributional patterns of lepidoptera in the pacific islands e munroe see ref  
by christos papadimitriou toxtoy toyringk  2001.0 
an efficient probabilistic public-key block encryption and signature scheme based on el-gamal 's se rodabaugh hm sun t hwang proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ; 1991.0 
an early history of the black river falls region hs merrill  1933.0 
the war between the quals and the quants : is a lasting peace possible ? ph rossi new directions for program evaluation 1994.0 
ontoedit : guiding ontology development by methodology and inferencing y sure j angele s staab lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
dependency satisfaction in databases with incomplete information g grahne vldb 1984.0 
the death of personal privacy c chaves computerworld  
an advanced calibrator for dynamic wind-tunnel experiments es hanff & hellip ; symposium 25 th anaheim calif proceedings . part 1 1979.0 
maintaining coherency of dynamic data in cooperating repositories sskrp shenoy   
biotransformations k faber  2000.0 
the pascal p compiler : implementation notes ( revised edition ) kv nori u ammann k jensen hh nageli c jacobi tech . rep. 10 eth zurich switzerland oct. .  
archaeological contributions of skeletal lead analysis ac res acc . chem . res 2002.0 
on computing mobile agent routes for data fusion in distributed sensor networks q wu nsv rao j barhen ss iyenger vk vaishnavi knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
stochastic aspects of the force network in a regular granular piling c eloy e clement j. phys . i france 1997.0 
a guide to the nests eggs and nestlings of north american birds 2nd ed : academic press pj baicich cjo harrison san diego california  
chromium speciation in water by electrothermal aas after simultaneous adsorption of cr ( iii ) and cr sj kumar p ostapczuk h emons at . spectrosc  
v. andabiteboul s. cluet and m. scholl . from structured documents to novel query facilities s christophides   
applying attitude theories to the return of mailed questionnaires j mckillip new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
japanese firms banking on micros . k tanaka computerworld. 1984.0 
ascii-stokoe notation : a computer-writeable transliteration system for stokoe notation of american m mandel unpublished manuscript  
1992 . reach | a real-time active and heterogeneous mediator system ap buchmann h branding t kudrass j zimmermann acm sigmod  
cleveland public library ( http://www . cpl. org / ) '' n file   
understanding network equipment reliability dj ford bt technology journal 1998.0 
type safety and behavioural inheritance rg clark information and software technology 1995.0 
chemistry of ice surfaces . elementary reaction steps on ice studied by reactive ion scattering . h kang acc . chem . res 2005.0 
calcium-aluminumâ ?? rich inclusions from enstatite chondrites : indigenous or foreign ? jc phys r lett acc . chem . res 1997.0 
satisfying the constraints of causal modeling cs reichardt hf gollob new directions for program evaluation 1986.0 
a new bound for the 2-edge connected subgraph problem r carr r ravi lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
data cube : a relational aggregational operator for generalizing group-bys cross-tabs and sub - j gray a bosworth a layman h pirahesh technical report msr-tr-95-22 microsoft research  
an integration architecture for user-centric document creation retrieval and analysis r witte proceedings of the vldb workshop on information integration  
user evaluation of the mask kiosk l lamel s bennacef jl gauvain   
local publicity and local press in greece n demertzis athens : agricultural bank of greece  
principles of lake sedimentology l hã ¥ kanson m jansson  1983.0 
characterization of the gene for adp-ribosylation factor ( arf ) 2 a developmentally regulated im serventis e cavanaugh j moss m vaughan   
the art of massive storage : a case study of a web archive n talagala s asami d patterson d hart b submitted for publication  
algorithms for adapting materialised views in data warehouses mk mohania g dong codas  
trace element determinations in food and biological samples using icp-ms sa baker dk bradshaw nj miller-ihli at . spectrosc  
psychologia spoå?eczna e aronson td wilson rm akert serce i umyså ?  
the nucleus : panel discussion cr o'dell study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
adaâ ?? the project wa whitaker history of programming languages  
context-based prefetch-an optimization for implementing objects on relations pa bernstein s pal d shutt the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
histological typing of salivary gland tumours g seifert lh sobin  1996.0 
the o 2 databaseprogramming language cl richard proc . vldb conference  
fish robert s. kraut robert e. : expressive richness : a comparison of speech and text as media for be chalfonte proceedings of acm  
responding to consumerism . js stark jv griffith new directions for higher education 1979.0 
the death of programming languages the birth of intentional programming c simonyi technical report microsoft inc. sept. 1995 . available from  
the case for enhanced abstract data types 1997 p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan submitted for  
effects of voice activity and channel bandwidth on the capacity of coma mobile radio systems f behbahnni h hsahemi submitted for  
properties of ridge waveguide sb cohn proc . ire  
an adaptive array in a spread-spectrum communication system rt compton ieee proceedings 1978.0 
the potential application of filial therapy to the school situation mp andronico bg guerney jr see ref  
acoustic deterrence of harmful marine mammalâ ? fishery interactions rr reeves rj hofman gk silber d wilkinson & hellip ; a workshop held in seattle washington . us national oceanic & hellip ;  
poly manual d matthews acm sigplan notices 1985.0 
program micro - and macrotheories : a guide for social change wr shadish jr new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 
cell rate moderation of vbr video under an fec environment in atm networks a alheraish dg smith computer networks 2000.0 
â ?? using multicast fec to solve the midnight madness problemâ ?? microsoft corporation redmond wa e schooler j gemmell  1997.0 
immunocytochemistry controls using cell culture dfi kurtycz r logrono m leopando a slattery sl   
an extensible object-oriented approach to databases for cad/vlst h afsarmanesh d knapp d mcleod a parker proceeding ~ of the 11th vldb conference vldb endowment  
retention and measurement of iodine-129 and of organoiodine in the off-gas streams of the karlsruhe fj herrmann v motoi b herrmann a van schoor d san diego  
quantum chromodynamics w greiner a schaefer  1994.0 
the treatment of data types in el1 b wegbreit communications of the acm 1974.0 
fractures of the dorsal and lumbar spine [ thesis ] ds korres athens greece : athens university  
network performance effects of http/1 .1 h frystyk j gettys a baird-smith e prud ' proceedings of acm  
lack of progressive cytological abnormalities among college women with genital human papillomavirus kl kotloff ss wasserman k russ r daniel s submitted for  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?representing circuits more efficiently in symbolic model checking ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in jr burch em clarke de long proc . 28th  
dialogue and process design for interactive information systems using taxis j barron acm sigoa newsletter 1982.0 
implementation approaches for reconfigurable logic applications bl hutchings mj wirthlin lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
effect of ionization processes on the corona stabilization breakdown in sf 6 and sf 6-mixtures . 4 vk lakdawala rd james lg christophorou & hellip ; symposium on high voltage engineering athens greece no  
applying query structuring in cross-language retrieval d puolamaki a pirkola k jarvelin  2001.0 
classical dynamics of a spin interacting with a mrfm cantilever d rugar r budakian technical report ibm almaden research center july 11  
the pyramid-technique : towards breaking the curse of dimensional data spaces s berchtold d keim hp kriegel proc . acm sigmod int . conf . managment of data seattle  
procs 2 ndworkshop on electronics for lhc experiments cern/lhcc 96-39 ( 1996 ) 463 m frenchâ ? ¦ s. gardien et al. procs 3 rdworkshop on electronics for lhc & hellip ;  
irs uncovers bogus access to tax records ( internal revenue serviceâ ?? s atlanta office investigation ) g anthes computerworld  
reducing prejudice in children : guidelines from research ja banks social studies and the young learner  
peterschwarz . aries : atransactionrecoverymethodsupporting fine-granularity locking and partial c mohan bl donhaderle h pirahesh acm trans . on database  
identifizierung eines neuen sexualpheromons aus sicherungsfã $ den der tropischen jagdspinne m papke s schulz h tichy e gingl r ehn md 1989.0 
trl a formal language for temporal references . t panayiotopoulos cd spyropoulos ev ioannidis  1993.0 
progression to regular marijuana involvement : phenomenology and risk factors for near-daily use db kandel m davies vulnerability to drug abuse  
cultural institutions as structures for cognitive change d carr new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
the evaluation of thrombomodulin activity in porcine to human xenotransplantation jh lawson lj daniels jl platt transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
one-round secure computation and secure autonomous mobile agents c cachin j camenisch j kilian j muller lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
oasis : an online and accurate technique for local-alignment searches on biological databases c meek j patel s kasetty proceedings of the conference on very large databases ( vldb  
understanding causes and generalizing about them mw lipsey lb sechrest ag scott new directions for program  
needed : graphics standards . t clarkson computerworld. 1985.0 
zorg voor leeftijd maart 1998 æ ? 35 -- m ziekemeijer a smit r grã 1/4 ndemann   
speculative locking protocols to improve performance for distributed database systems pk reddy m kitsuregawa knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
xml and information retrieval : a sigir 2000 workshop d carmel y maarek a soffer sigir forum 2000.0 
knowledge discovery from databases for technology innovation managementâ ?? a user centered approach a nayak & hellip ; international conference on management of engineering and  
authentication protocol providing user anonymity and untraceability in wireless mobile communication cs park computer networks 2004.0 
6.0 programmerâ ?? s guide v studio microsoft  
the design and implementation of a flexible middleware for multimedia communications comprising b stiller c class m waldvogel g caronni d   
a tool for targeting and identifying plastics manufacturers for conversion to recycled plastics cw center seattle washington . january  
drug disc . today 1996 1 ( 6 ) 248 ; ellman ja r storer acc . chem . res  
dbmss on a modern processor : â ?? where does time go?â ?? revisited m becker n mancheril s okamoto   
irish transnational social movements deterritorialized migrants and the state system : the last one m hanagan mobilization-san diego - 1998.0 
situational coping and coping dispositions in a stressful transaction cs carver mf scheier journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
evaluation of the potential effects of sport hunting on california black bears t burton d koch d updike a brody international conference on bear research and management  
query by diagram : a graphical environment for querying databases di e sistemistica l sapienza   
high sample throughput with rapid microsampling flow injection icp-ms er denoyer a stroch q lu  1993.0 
linking welfare and education : a study of new programs in five states e pauly da long k martinson  1992.0 
ionization by moving electrified particles jj thomson phil . mag  
echinacea for preventing and treating the common cold d melchart k linde p fischer j kaesmayr cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
optimal one-sample testing procedures based on hyperplanes h oja d paindaveine  2003.0 
how to facilitate information navigation without disrupting perception cs campbell pp maglio manuscript submitted for publication . ibm almaden research & hellip ;  
psychosocial risk factors in the transition from moderate to heavy use or abuse of drugs js brook p cohen m whiteman as gordon vulnerability to drug abuse  
laboratory-based electronic commerce : a comparison of technical and business-oriented student cm parker pmc swatman pa swatman   
brief introduction to mariculture of five selected species in china ( section 1 : sea-horse culture ) c jiaxin regional seafarming development and demonstration project . & hellip ;  
instance-based attribute identification in database integration ceh chua rhl chiang ep lim the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
does reduced length of stay decrease the number of emergency department patients who leave without cmb fernandes a price jm christenson journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
selecting concise sets of samples for a reinforcement learning agent d ernst   
a first experimental study of a dynamic transitive closure algorithm t miller c zaroliagis   
automatic intelligent data analysis in sensor networks for ispace dd nauck b majeed bt technology journal 2004.0 
decomposition and composition of a relational database y tanaka t tsuda vldb 1977.0 
practical python . apress 2002 ml hetland   
on the definition of functional dependencies in xml mw vincent j liu c liu m mohania submitted to acm transactions on internet technology 2004.0 
empowerment for children . curriculum concerns . jc mcdermott social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
the cougar approach to in-network query processing in sensor networks y yao j gehrke sigmod record 2002.0 
a unified approach for interpreting handwritten strokes b shizuki h yamada k iizuka j tanala procs . 2003 ieee symposium on human-centric computing ( hcc03  
weir s reis san diego california  
planning as model checking f giunchiglia p traverso lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
one-sided ideals in ac * - algebra jc chuan dissertation university of california santa barbara  
document reuse and document systems dm levy   
the role of sportsmen in conservation jh duke jr rocky mountain elk foundation seattle washington march  
erasure-correcting re-sends jgsrm using technical report msr-tr-97-20 microsoft research redmond wa  
rainbowii : multi-xquery optimization using materialized xml views x zhang   
innovation in ph. d. programs and scores in reputational rankings . ds webster new directions for higher education 1984.0 
the values development dilemma . ml mcbee new directions for higher education 1980.0 
how to improve access control and application flexibility in smart card using the database d donsez s jean s lecomte  2000.0 
customer experience in a merchandising platform june 2002 ch bell sigmod conference keynote  
bilder in der landeskunde lang mã 1/4 nchen 1996 d macaire w hosch   
v. and waterfield el mayes md  
physiology of nutrition in farm animals p kalaisakis agricultural university of athens athens greece p  
adjustment costs from environmental change induced by incomplete information and learning dl kelly cd kolstad gt mitchell   
avoiding retrival contention for composite multimedia objects s chaudhuri s ghandeharizadeh c shahabi proceedings of the 2ith vldb conference zurich swizerland  
a rule-based object/task modelling approach q chen proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1986.0 
â ?? special tutorial : vector supercomputers dj theis ieee computer  
the geochemistry of arsenic and antimony in puget sound and lake washington ea crecelius & hellip ; phd thesis university of washington seattle washington  
the execube approach to massively parallel processing pm kogge proc . intâ ?? l conf . parallel  
rural poverty in south africa s bekker c cross n bromberger  1992.0 
piecewise polynomial solutions of aerosol dynamics a sandu  2004.0 
updates for structure indexes r kaushik p bohannon jf naughton p shenoy vldb 2002.0 
incomplete path expressions and their disambiguation ye ioannidis sigmod conference 1994.0 
diagnosis in organisational process design p ramos jl fiadeiro submitted for  
density-dependent shifts of hydrogen maser standards sb crampton htm wang   
r. impagliazzo t. pitassi and s. rudich reducing the complexity of reductions m agrawal e allender proc . 29th acm symposium on theory of computing ( 1997 )  
the ejection of atoms from gold crystals during proton irradiation mw thompson phil . mag  
absorption : nature assessment and correlates sm roche km mcconkey journal of personality and social psychology  
serfing the web : web site management made easy ea rundensteiner kt claypool l chen h su k   
improving memory in old age through implicit self-stereotyping b levy journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
generic support for distributed applications j bacon k moody j bates   
rrxs : redundancy reducing xml storage in relations y chen s davidson c hara y zheng proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
impacts of logic and databases ( invited paper ) h gallaire vldb  
c. sunshine and d. cohen '' the arpa internet protocol '' j postel computer  
women 's education can improve child nutrition in india vk mishra rd retherford   
evaluation of clinoptilolite for ammonia removal wg williams proceedings of the northwest fish culture conference 25 th & hellip ; 1974.0 
protdb : probabilistic data in xml . a nierman hv jagadish vldb 2002.0 
complex objects and their use m design trausacnons ra lone w plouffe acm sig-mod conf on management of data  
partition based spatial-merge join acm sigmod intl jm patel dj dewitt conference on management of data  
kinematics of fibre optics sensory systems for control of a natural gas engine co nwagboso ma pendlebury proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
fuzzy neural network aided adaptive extended kalman filtering for gps navigation dj jwo hc huang submitted for  
an applicable test data generation algorithm for domain errors ã ? hajnal i forgã ¡ cs proceedings of acm sigsoft international symposium on & hellip ; 1998.0 
developmental patterning in chondrocytic cultures by morphogenic gradients : bmp induces expression t kameda c koike k saitoh a kuroiwa h iba genes to cells 1999.0 
testing geometric objects university of maryland at college park college park k romanik c smith md  
adult attachment working models and relationship quality in dating couples nl collins sj read journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
implementing macros in your help files r duncan pc magazine 1993.0 
a proposed classification scheme for computer program libraries j bolstad acm signum newsletter 1975.0 
an investigation of the aeroelastic stability of a helicopter blade with a ` smart ' spring at the root s solaiman ff afagh f nitzsche european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
abstractions from proofs ta henzinger r jhala r majumdar kl mcmillan   
gazdasã ¡ gos fã © mszerkezetek analãzise ã © s tervezã © se muegyetemi kiadã ³ budapest 226 p k jã ¡ rmai m ivã ¡ nyi isbn  
supporting global user profiles through trusted authorities i cingil sigmod record 2002.0 
global optimization using interval analysis . m er hansen new york  
si-y . dynamic buer allocation in video-on-demand systems sh lee ys moon ky whang technical report 00-11-006 advanced information technology  
time and transition in work teams : toward a new model of group development cjg gersick the academy of management journal 1988.0 
extending cryptographic logics of cryptographic logics of belief to key agreement protocols p van oorschot proceedings of the first acm confere nce on computers and & hellip ; 1993.0 
hydroinformaticsâ ?? 94 a verwey aw minns v babovic c maksimovic isbn  
kinetics of phase formation in au-al thin films su campisano g foti e rimini ss lau jw mayer phil . mag. 1975.0 
books online v8 . 00.02 sql server microsoft corp  
a theory of quality management underlying the deming management method jc anderson m rungtusanatham rg schroeder the academy of management review 1994.0 
factoring as optimization cjc burges   
comments on optimality of b-trees j klonk acm sigmod record 1983.0 
a reference model for metadata a strawman f bretherton university of wisconsin  
theory of magnetic circuits for nonlinear magnetic fields in electromagnetic devices y saito procs . second inter . sym . inno . nu . ana . appl . eng . scis. & hellip ;  
video scouting demonstration : smart content selection and recording n dimitrova l agnihotri r jasinschi j zimmerman proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
joins : evaluation and reduction to sql mo akinde mh bã ¶ hlen md generalized proceedings of the vldb 2001 international workshop on  
towards a distributed environment-centered agent framework jr graham ks decker lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
a dynamic associate search index for oodb cc low bc ooi hl h-trees acm sigmod pm. ( 1992 )  
region tracking on surfaces deforming via level-sets methods m bertalmio g sapiro g randall lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
5 conclusion w fan md gordon p pathak ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
context-sensitive learning methods for text categorization wc william s yoram  1996.0 
kudoa-the irish experience . salmon industry perspectives r palmer & hellip ; of agriculture fisheries and food aquaculture industry & hellip ;  
new paradigms for constructing symmetric encryption schemes secure against chosen-ciphertext attack a desai lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
biodiversity informatics infrastructure : an information commons for the biodiversity community ga cotter bt bauldock proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
technology trends for the bell system network : interview with john s. mayo jh ten eyck computerworld 1981.0 
jr. & sudnick dr ( 1981 ) wd horrocks acc . chem . res  
medical methods for first trimester abortion r kulier am gulmezoglu gj hofmeyr ln cheng a cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
querying in highly mobile distributed environments . in 18 thintl t imielinski br badrinath conference on very large databases  
linear cryptanalysis method for des cipher . advances in cryptologyâ ?? eurocryptâ ?? 93 m matsui lecture notes in computer science  
natl mar f center fish . serv. seattle  
constrained stable generalised predictive control j rossiter   
security in statistical databases for queries with small counts fy chin acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
dynamics of neuronal populations : the stability of equilibria l sirovich b knight a omurtag  2000.0 
automated selection of materialized views and indexes in microsoft sql server a sanjay c surajit vr narasayya proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
man in | e | space . mov/motion analysis in 3d space w ka proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
building systems using analysis patterns eb fernandez   
modeling hot spots in database systems ( extended abstract ) w wang m hsu e pinsky proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1991.0 
development of a self-report instrument for measuring learning orientation and sources for m martinez c bunderson submitted publication  
lateral inhibition through delta-notch signaling : a piecewise affine hybrid model r ghosh cj tomlin lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
situated event bootstrapping and capture guidance for automated home movie authoring b adams s venkatesh proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
compact invariant sets for some quasilinear nonlocal kirchhoff strings on ir n pg papadopoulos nm stavrakakis   
interactive tv : vod meets the internet ssy shim yj lee   
thermistor thermometer based on an astable multivibrator k holm electronic eng  
and 4 ( cd-rom c2001 by intellectual reserve inc. ) '' us census l county d kentucky   
on counting ac 0 circuits with negated constants a ambainis dam barrington h lethanh proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on & hellip ;  
eiffel : a design and implementation language for software engineering b meyer inter. university of california santa barbara novembre  
multimedia information systems : the confluence of technologies and disciplines c goble information and software technology  
self-monitoring and speech in feigned and unfeigned lying aw siegman ma reynolds journal of personality and social psychology  
evaluation of database recursive logic programs as recursive function series g gardarin c demaindreville proc . acm sigmod int . conference on management of  
stochastic processes in engineering systems e wong b hajek  1984.0 
query caching and optimization in distributed media systems s adali ks candan y papakonstantinou vs proc . of  
singular distributed parameter systems z trzaska   
andt . milo . similarity-based queries hv jagadish a mendelzon proc . acm sigact-sigmod-sigart pods  
wavelet importance sampling : efficiently evaluating products of complex functions p clarberg w jarosz t akenine-mã ¶ ller hw jensen proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
de hosson jtm . s mogck bj kooi phil . mag  
virtual classrooms and communities l neal proceedings of the international acm siggroup conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
the grieving soul in the transformation process sm scott new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
logical integration of locally independent relational databases into a distributed database k tanaka y kambayashi vldb  
accessing the mental lexicon ki forster new approaches to language mechanisms 1976.0 
bilingual education : linguistic and sociolinguistic bases d hymes see ref  
reply : digital signature with ( t n ) shared verification based on discrete logarithms l harn  1995.0 
c4 . 5 : using error estimation for automatic parameter selection ghj cross-validated technical report computer science department stanford  
mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables to appear in proc r srikant r agrawal acm  
monotonic complements for independent data warehouses d laurent j lechtenbã ¶ rger n spyratos g vossen the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
plan selection based on query clustering a ghosh j parikh vs sengar jr haritsa vldb 2002.0 
pipelined interface for hw/sw codesign w hardt a gã 1/4 nther r camposano submitted to  
relational specifications of infinite query answers j chomicki   
gaps in the object-oriented paradigm c jones ieee computer  
warren â ?? frameworkfortheassessmentoffeasibilityoftelecommutinginaustralian organizations â ?? e tamratandj proc . 28th annual hawaii int . conf . on system sciences  
modular specification of hybrid systems in charon r alur r grosu y hur v kumar i lee lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
the state of working america 1994-95 l mishel j bernstein   
contingent valuation and revealed preference methodologies : comparing the estimates for quasi-public rt carson ne flores km martin jl wright land economics 1996.0 
study of the microflora of the mite varroa jacobsoni . bs in agricultural biotechnology thesis a lianou athens greece : agricultural university of athens  
success and failure factors for implementing effective electronic markets t fong d fowler pmc swatman electronic markets 1998.0 
r. & mutter m. ( 1981 ) vn pillai acc . chem .  
orthogonally persistent systems mp atkinson r morrison the vldb journal  
treatment and prevention of mania : a scandinavian perspective p vestergaard neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1992.0 
delivery of livestock health and breeding services : focus on india v ahuja d ward mpg kurup electronic conference  
new measure of daily coping : development and preliminary results aa stone jm neale journal of personality and social psychology  
beating bias with books : fostering awareness and compassion with children 's literature eh roweli tb goodkind eu henshaw social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
phase-matched filtering with a one degree dispersion model jl stevens da adams ge baker proceedings of the 23rd seismic research review  
range top/bottom k queries in olap sparse data cubes zw luo tw ling ch ang sy lee b cui proceedings of the 12th international conference on database & hellip ; 2001.0 
a tutorial on asn . 1 p gaudette computer  
ea solujanova ev zasypkin â ?? a ka-band 10 kw cw efficient compact gyrotron for materials processing ii antakov ig gachev vi kurbatov ev sokolov proc . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter  
foreword t king bt technology journal 1998.0 
scsi vs. eide : the real story n stam pc magazine reports july  
slow convergence ? the new endogenous growth theory and regional development . r martin p sunley economic geography 1998.0 
hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with rapid development of giant negative t-wave within a year : a case h nakamura m horimoto m fujiwara n yabunaka kokyu to junkan 1992.0 
measuring the impacts of whole-school reforms : methodological lessons from an evaluation of hs bloom   
direct methods in the calculus of variations b dacorogna  1989.0 
view updates in relational databases with an independent scheme r langerak acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
statistical inference under order restrictions : the theory and application of isotonic regression re barlowâ ? ¦   
radiation detection with distributed sensor networks sm brennan am mielke dc torney ab maccabe   
system testing : implications of requirements specifications a davis information and software technology  
overview of the constrained expression design language lk dillon  1986.0 
on the quality of service enhancement in variable bit rate networks . looking . forward x hesselbach ieee  
xrs-82 . the x-ray rietveld system c baerlocher a hepp laboratory of crystallography eth zurich switzerland  
a causal model of linkages among environmental dimensions macro organizational characteristics and bw keats ma hitt the academy of management journal 1988.0 
strategic decision processes in high velocity environments : four cases in the microcomputer industry lj bourgeois iii km eisenhardt management science 1988.0 
direct solutions of sparse network equations by optimally ordered triangular factorization wf tinney jw walker proc . ieee 1967.0 
technology partnerships for faculty : case studies and lesson learned w anderson s bonefas new directions for higher education 2002.0 
an approach to the creation of structured data processing systems ll beck sigmod conference  
exploiting uml in the design of multi-agent systems f bergenti a poggi lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
design of a balanced multiple-valued file-organization scheme with the least redundancy s yamamoto s tazawa k ushio h ikeda acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
graduate education in engineering . ge dieter new directions for higher education 1984.0 
bringing in race sb cohen   
a hypothesis about gateway cities af burghardt geography 1957.0 
bottom-up computation of sparse and iceberg cubes k beyer r ramakrishnan sigmod conference 1999.0 
lowness properties of reals and randomness a nies   
arithmetic complexity of computations cbms-nsf regional conference series in applied mathematics 33 s winograd   
poetry 1964 sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
i search therefore i google l ulanoff pc  
anchored subjective quality assessment scale for still image coding n avadhanam vr algazi submitted for  
xviith congress of the international union of crystallography ik larsen bb nielsen h rasmussen js kastrup seattle washington usa abstract ps04  
of a database middleware system to support remote sensing analysis over distributed data sources aa suã ¡ rez pr mayagã 1/4 ez   
human rights and democratization in turkey in the context of eu candidature c rumford journal of european area studies 2001.0 
ultrashort light pulses : picosecond techniques and applications sl shapiro dh auston  1977.0 
a jurisprudence in disarray : on battery wrongful living and the right to bodily integrity m strasser san diego law review 1999.0 
a search engine for natural language applications mj cafarella o etzioni   
estimation of dependences based on empirical data vn vapnik  1982.0 
a perfectly matched layer formulation for haar wavelet based mrtd k goverdhanam cd sarris mm tentzeris lpb katehi proc . 29th eur . microwave conf  
02 : an object-oriented formal data model c lecluse p richard f velez proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
fast multiresolution querying ce jacobs a finkelstein dh salesin proceedings of acm siggraph  
six sigma project management and strategic management of technology ft anbari & hellip ; international conference on management of engineering and & hellip ;  
structure and semantics in oodb class specifications j geller y perl ej neuhold acm sigmod record 1991.0 
an adaptive query execution engine for data integration z ives d florescu m friedman a levy d weld proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of data 1999.0 
ignition of catalytic reactions in a vertical immersed in a combustible gases c trevino f mendez proc . 26th int . symp . on combustion  
the ethic of disintegration : a recent case in poetics je emma wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
the company earned no securities lending income during the year ended 31 december 2002 sl income as at  
incremental and effective data summarization for dynamic hierarchical clustering s nassar j sander c cheng proc . of acm 2004.0 
science under the rising sun : weapons development and the organization of scientific research in we grunden  1998.0 
performance analysis of coherency control policies through lock retention a dan ps yu   
elimination of intersection amomalies from database schemes c beeri m kifer proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
icarus corporation : rockville ip evaluator   
power generation from renewables in ladakhã?status and prospects s maithelâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 23rd national renewable energy  
mining database structure ; or how to build a data quality browser t johnson s muthukrishnan p dasu v shkapenyuk proc . of acm sigmod to appear  
a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia datasets c faloutsos ki lin  1994.0 
sos toolbox ( algorithm for optimization over semi-algebraic sets ) p parrilo eth zurich switzerland  
vips : a visionbased page segmentation algorithm d cai s yu jr wen wy ma   
ocr and electronic mail . pf polizzano computerworld. 1983.0 
developing and maintaining contact with clients . wt vericker new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
comparws : compare with summary : a macro using proc compare to write a file of differences to edit r fehd proceedings of the 23rd annual sas r users group & hellip ;  
estimating compilation time of a query optimizer if ilyas j rao gm lohman d gao e lin   
the theory of joins in relational databases acm av aho c beeri jd ullman trans database syst  
an advanced power converter topology to significantly improve the co tolerance of the pem fuel cell w choi   
prophylactic intravenous indomethacin for preventing mortality and morbidity in preterm infants pw fowlie pg davis cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
teaching business and environmental ethics j brinkmann & hellip ; proceedings of the 23rd macromarketing conference univ. . & hellip ;  
applied microsoft . net framework programming r jeffrey microsoft press  
distributed application support : survey and synthesis of existing approaches a schill information and software technology 1990.0 
performance of hierarchical hyper-ring multicomputers fn sibai proc . 13th acm  
query graphs implementing trees and freely-reorderable outerjoins a rosenthal   
hatching patterns in nonprecocial birds : a preliminary comparative analysis j viã ± uela lm carrascal proc int ornithol congr  
liquid viscosities of multi-component mixtures m dizechi ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1980.0 
in vitro methods for the study of fusiform rust in association with loblolly pine hv amerson lj frampton jr rl mort see ref  
a structured english query language dd chamberlin fbs raymond proc . acm-sigmod  
the fourth district addressed a road impact fee ordinance that was imposed by palm beach county upon i hollvwood id .  
4.2 bsd unix security av discolo & hellip ; . university of california santa barbara april  
hohere mathematik i h von mangoldt k knopp isbn  
peer-to-peer grid computing with the ourgrid community n andrade l costa g germoglio w cirne   
logp2004 the 3rd lipophilicity symposium iv tetko p bruneau 3rd zurich switzerland  
use of herbicides on the swedish state railways l torstensson o lindholm proc . 29th swedish weed conference â ?? weeds and weed control & hellip ;  
intraductal collagenase delivery into the human pancreas using syringe loading or controlled jrt lakey gl warnock z ao amj shapiro g transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
a toolkit for negotiation support on multidimensional data m gebhardt m jarke s jacobs proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
what wants to learn what ? evaluation with a changing clientele . jr warren new directions for higher education 1973.0 
incremental maintenance of nested relational views j liu mw vincent m mohania   
guest editorial aw czarnik acc . chem . res  
energy and economic considerations for ex situ aqueous mineral carbonation wk oâ ?? connor dc dahlin ge rush sj gerdemann proc . 29th international technical conference on coal & hellip ;  
capacities to globalize : why are some countries more globalized than others ? t addison a rahman unpublished manuscript  
a wireless atm local area network using infrared links jh condonâ ? ¦ proc . acm mobicomâ ?? 95  
guerriers du sel sauniers de la paix fm renard-casevitz see ref 1993.0 
photography in dentistry . b hill j audiov media med 1978.0 
on no-regret learning fictitious play and nash equilibrium a jafari a greenwald d gondek g ercal   
posttransplant human herpes virus 8 infection and seroconversion in a kaposi 's sarcoma affected a nocera m corbellino u valente s barocci f transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
internet trac warehouse cm chen m cochinwala c petrone m pucci s proc . sigmod  
sir jagadis chandra bose : a biography for students b mitra  1982.0 
abstraction and analogy in cognitive space : a software process model h zhuge m jian s xiaoqing information and software technology 1997.0 
a review on tristeza an ongoing threat to citriculture m bar-joseph cn roistacher sm garnsey dj gumpf proc . int . soc . citric  
the u-line balancing problem j miltenburg j wijngaard management science 1994.0 
3 ( 2001 ) potential for in-situ bioremediation of perchlorate contaminated environments j pollock la achenbach jd coates   
computing the ambiguity function on various domains l auslander i gertner submitted for  
understanding ` variation ' in component-based development : case findings from practice m lycett information & software technology 2001.0 
a parameter based admission control for differentiated services networks m fidler v sander computer networks 2004.0 
in j. padhye und s. floyd oitcp behavior proceedings of acm siggcom  
on reverse nearest neighbor queries a maheshwari j vahrenhold n zeh   
using the institutional research office . dl davis-van atta sc carrier new directions for higher education 1986.0 
express : a data extraction processing and restructuring system nc shu bc housel rw taylor sp ghosh vy lum acm transactions on database systems 1977.0 
personalization : clash of the killer ps ks nash computerworld  
greek language mtoneme recognataon with a cluster s & ecaficataon method t sellis y ioanmdls & hellip ; thesis national technical umverslty of athens greece & hellip ;  
negocios on-line : pasos y claves para triunfarâ '' de riveral pc magazine en espaã ± ol  
jobstart : final report on a program for high school dropouts g cave h bos f doolittle c toussaint new york : manpower demonstration research corp  
teaching machines about everyday life p singh b barry h liu bt technology journal 2004.0 
honoring first ladies . pull-out feature i. at harthern social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
using xml effectively in ebusiness architectures r bodkin   
re fe r en ces j uliman acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
approximation and operator scheduling in data streams s rizvi   
functional dependencies in logic programs ao mendelzon vldb  
a short table of the functions ki ( x ) from n = 1 to n = 16 wg bickley j naylor phil . mag  
data warehouse configuration algorithms s ligoudistianos d theodoratos t sellis  1998.0 
a uniform deductive approach for parameterized protocol safety jf couchot a giorgetti n kosmatov proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
hypertext : anintroductionandsurvey j conklin ieee computer  
toward a geography of enterprise g krumme economic geography 1969.0 
nonequilibrium numerical simulation of radiation cooled arcjets s miller m martinez-sanchez proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion  
enzyme activities in muscles of seasonally acclimatized house finches c carey rl marsh a bekoff rm johnston am olin see ref  
constructing and integrating data-centric web applications s ceri i manolescu methods tools and techniques vldb  
harvard university press c gilligan   
focusing on concepts : teaching for meaningful learning . j jarolimek social studies and the young learner 1991.0 
an overview of manufacturing yield and reliability modeling for semiconductor products w kuo t kim proceedings-ieee 1999.0 
the role of the ophthalmic artist . tr tarrant j audiov media med 1978.0 
a spirited epistemology : honoring the adult learner as subject j vella new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
towards a web object model f manola   
mutual friction in superfluid he-3 : effects of bound states in the vortex core ( abstract only ) nb kopnin mm salomaa oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
knowledge needs the request of architects a seidel proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the & hellip ;  
bibliography : temporal databases e mcke mckenzie sigmod record  
guest editorâ ?? s introduction tnd independence sigmod record 2003.0 
mining exceptions and quantitative association rules in olap data cube q chen  1999.0 
comparative analysis of the own simulation of the many-dimensional thermal annealing of ion - vv nelayev mv kazitov proc . 21st int . convention on microelectronics electronics  
multidimensional paging for efficient database querying th merrett proceedings of the international conference in management of  
marion hercock and matthew tonts p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
thyroid hemiagenesis and ectopia in sonic hedgehog knockout mice h fagman m grã $ nde m nilsson proc 29th annual meeting of the european thyroid association & hellip ;  
a space-time permutation scan statistic for the early detection of disease outbreaks m kulldorff r heffernan j hartman r assuncao f submitted for publication  
communication modality as a determinant of message persuasiveness and message comprehensibility s chaiken ah eagly journal of personality and social psychology  
triage : how long does it take ? how long should it take ? d travers journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
report # uwfdm-984 jj macfarlane ga moses rr petersen university of wisconsin  
coarse-grain dynamics and the conley decomposition theorem de norton  1994.0 
sf . chang quad-tree segmentation for texture-based image query in jr smith proc . acm  
some broad-band transformers cl ruthroff proc . ire  
hierarchical schemata for relational databases ye lien acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1981.0 
rastogir. cure a. an efficient clustering algorithm for large data bases s guha & hellip ; 1998 acm sigmod international conference on management of  
accurate transparent and compact fuzzy models for function approximation and dynamic modeling f jimenez af gomez-skarmeta h roubos r babuska lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
creating satisfaction in steady dating relationships : the role of personal goals and situational ca sanderson n cantor journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
fourth edition 1999 p hall   
wha ! is-a is and isn ` i : an analysis of taxonomic links in semantic nelworks rj brachman ieee computer  
analysis of the interacting levels v ( sub 9 ) = 1 and v ( sub 10 ) = 2 of propyne ( abstract only ) k pekkala g graner g wlodarczak j demaison proceedings of the 25 th annual confernece of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
chemoprevention of cancer with retinoids mb sporn dl newton fed proc 1979.0 
computational topology of equivariant maps from spheres to complement of arrangements arxi v : math p blagojevic s vrecica r zivaljevic   
mitra and c. buckley . improving automatic query expansion as mandar proceedings of acm sigir  
sequential minimal optimization : a fast algorithm for training support vector machines [ r ] . 1998 j platt microsoft technical  
increasing learning among developmental education students . w mooreâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1976.0 
communication strategies for shared-bus embedded multiprocessors nk bambha ss bhattacharyya proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
development of a selection index for undergraduate admissions to the school of business n lowell g gillmore seattle washington . ( eric document reproduction service no . & hellip ; 1981.0 
j. sim eon.â ?? statix : making xml countâ ?? j freire jr haritsa m ramanath p roy proc . of the 2002 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of & hellip ;  
jeux de tableaux in formal power series and algebraic combinatorics : twelfth international t roby f sottile j stroomer j west proceedings ed . by d krob et . al. springer-verlag  
updating xml acm sigmod int i tatarinov zg ives ay halevy ds weld conf . on management of data  
lh-linear hashing for distributed files w litwin ma neimat da schneider   
in emulsion polymerization m nomura piirma i.  
are atm gigabit ethernet ready for prime time ? d clark ieee computer 1998.0 
proxy categories in phrase-structure theory l nash a rouveret proceedings-nels 1997.0 
ground radar target classification using singular value decomposition and multilayer perceptron z matousek j kurty i mokris   
techniques and applications m views montreal canada june  
on connection of cosmic ray long term variations with solar-heliospheric parameters av belov rt gushchina vg yanke proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf 1999.0 
a general framework for the optimization of object-oriented queries sc cd921 c delobel proceedings of acm sigmod â ?? 92 international conference on & hellip ;  
a study of d sup 0-d sup 0 mixing te browder  1988.0 
broad band x-ray spectra of bright x-ray binaries whg lewin   
output retrenchments defaults stronger compositions feature engineering r banach c jeske   
proximal decision analysis ra howard management science 1971.0 
generation of relevant didactic explanations by the computer running a simulation for itself jl dessalles   
deadlock detection in multidatabase systems : a performance analysis di e sistemistica v salaria i roma   
ecological storytelling and collaborative scientific activities h karasti ks baker gc bowker acm siggroup bulletin 2002.0 
clinical study of pontine hemorrhage with special reference to ct classification and surgical c ochiai k sano s kobayashi t sasaki y no to shinkei 1979.0 
semantic video indexing : approach and issue . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
self-tuning histograms r habrecht   
an object-oriented model for the semantic interpretation of multimedia data j griffioen r yavatkar r adams proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
high speed policy based packet forwarding using efficient multi-dimensinal range maching m uga k shiomoto proc . acm  
the timed failures-stability model for csp gm reed aw roscoe   
why codd 's rule no. 6 must be reformulated hw buff sigmod record  
data mining with neural networks : solving business problems from application development to decision jp bigus  1996.0 
catching the wave in einstein equations j goldman t roy j masso e seidel s splashes vroom demonstration at  
constructing the next 100 database management systems : like the handyman or like the engineer ? a geppert kr dittrich sigmod record 1994.0 
measuring the dynamic behaviour of aspectj programs b dufour c goard l hendren o de moor g   
dynamo : a transparent runtime optimization system v bala e duesterwald s banerjia acm sigplan notices 2000.0 
prefix path streaming : a new clustering method for optimal holistic xml twig pattern matching t chen tw ling cy chan   
a formal definition of the relational model cj date acm sigmod record 1982.0 
s. & zhao y. 2003 visualization of communication patterns in collaborative innovation networks : pl gloor r dynes proc . acm cikm  
some contributions to inference using spacings k ghosh  1997.0 
violence in health care : what nurse managers need to know p elliott   
a nonlinear model of a turbine blade by asymptotic analysis jm rodriguez   
the costs of brood provisioning : effects of brood size and food supply dm bryant p tatner proc . int . ornithol . congr  
the real-time specification for java [ j ] b greg g james ieee computer  
mr. bloom and mr. joyce : a note on '' heroism '' in '' ulysses '' re kuehn wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
â ?? integral-methodische integration multimedialer und interaktiver lernwerkzeuge zur optimierung der c koppenhã ¶ fer t bã ¶ hmann h krcmar proceedings of d-cscl  
decision-making prowess l fried computerworld  
instant-win products and prize draw : are these forms of gambling m griffiths   
specifications and proofs for ensemble layers j hickey n lynch r van renesse lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
clutter reduction and target detection in ground penetrating radar data using wavelets d carevic proc . spie 1999.0 
c. pu . a practical and modular implementation of extended transaction models rsb bp951 technical report ogi-cse95-004 department of computer science 51.0 
multicommodity distribution system design by benders decomposition am geoffrion gw graves management science 1974.0 
some techniques for file recovery . australian comptr . j. 9 4 ( nov. 1971 ) 162-170 rw drake jl smith acm transactions on database systems  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?covering points in the plane by k-tours : towards a polynomial time approximation scheme for t asano n katoh h tamaki t tokuyama proc . 29th stoc  
k. wilkinson '' overview of the jasmin database machine '' dh fishman my lai proceedings of the 1984 sigmod conference boston ma june  
a data model and l ~ ry language for xodus m careyâ ? ¦ proc . sigmod conf. chicago  
adaptive testing in arch models ob linton dg steigerwald   
comparing rebuild algorithms for mirrored and raid5 disk arrays ry hou yn patt   
the organization of semantic memory jr shelton a caramazza see rapp  
rectilinear motion of fluid between two parallel plates l kelvin phil . mag  
an improved algorithm to find the length of the longest common subsequence of two strings s kuo gr cross acm sigir forum 1989.0 
database application development as an object modeling activity ma jeusfeld m mertikas i wetzel m jarke jw vldb 1990.0 
perspective-based reading : techniques for improving requirements inspections f shull i rus vr basili ieee computer  
engineering information systems : builders and designers perspective n roussopoulos   
use of iron oxide-coated media for nom sorption and particulate filtration yj chang cw li mm benjamin university of washington  
56 â ?? dosimetry of external beta rays for radiation protection â ?? international commission on i report md  
temporal abstractions and case-based reasoning for medical course data : two prognostic applications r schmidt l gierl lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
a comparison of equating and calibration methods for the test of spoken english db marr unpublished manuscript  
closed form solution for the inverse kinematics of a puma robot manipulator 2 ii w kesheng tk lien demonstration robotics & computer integrated  
spontaneous thyroiditis in the obese strain of chickens . i e witebsky jh kite jr g wick rk cole demonstration of circulating antibodies . j. lmmunol  
an optimizing prolog front-end to a relational query system m jarke j clifford   
h. korth database system issues in nomadic computing r alonso proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on the management & hellip ;  
the perspective of the us trade representative m kantor us department of labor bureau of international labor & hellip ;  
jobstart : final report on a program from school dropouts g caveâ ? ¦  1993.0 
regulatory aspects of phenylpropanoid biosynthesis in cell cultures k hahlbrock see ref  
fault detection for sequential machines by transition tours s naito m tsunoyama proc . ftcs  
detecting domestic violence against women in the emergency department : a nursing triage model af grunfeld s ritmiller k mackay l cowan journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
abbadi : ae storage and retrieval of moving objects hd chon d agrawal ieee intl. conf . on mobile data management ( mdm )  
object operations benchmark rgg cattell j skeen acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
hypertext presentation of thesauri used in online searching . r pollard   
pc 's are paying off b howard pc  
minos 5.4 userâ ?? s guide ( preliminary ) ba murtagh ma saunders & hellip ; of operations research stanford university technical report & hellip ;  
smoothness of the unnormalized conditional measures of stochastic nonlinear filtering gs ferreyra proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference on decision and & hellip ;  
access paths in the ã cents â ? ¬ å?abeã cents â ? ¬ â ? statistical query facility a klug proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
fti engineering process specification fti 8101b-cold expansion of fastener and other holes using the ma landy rl champoux  1984.0 
an incremental algorithm for computing ranked full disjunctions s cohen y sagiv   
improving co-operation in project teams c beskow s hovmark m norell the sixth international conference on management of  
experimental evaluation of bi-directional multimodal interaction with conversational agents s buisine jc martin   
center college of kentucky . rl morrill new directions for higher education 1988.0 
flora i vegetaciã ³ de les valls dâ ? cents espot i de boã e carrillo jm ninot vol . i  
technology development c refinement system development and demonstration  
literacy impact studies in solomon islands and vanuatu g singh international journal of educational research 2001.0 
probability criterion and efficient fronfier [ a ] h qiheng t wansheng l guangquan proceedings of 2001 international conference on management & hellip ; 2001.0 
rapid popultion growth and environmental stress . consequences of rapid population growth on b commoner proceedings of the united nations/institute d &#39; ã © tudes & hellip ;  
intercast brings the web to tv : new technology may change the way you watch television . b proffit pc  
tibiofibular syndesmosis and ossification . case report : sequelae of ankle sprain in an adolescent ma kennedy ae sama m sigman journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
model conversions of uncertain linear systems using the pade and inverse-pade method ls shieh j gu yl bao & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1993.0 
estimating functions of mixed ordinal and categorical variables jh friedman stanford university technical report no. 108 june  
use of scale information for integrating simulation models into environmental information systems t clemen ecological modelling 1998.0 
data independent recursive in deductive databases . j naughton proc . fiffh acm sigact-sigmod corf . . mar  
an architecture for distributed data mining r subramonian s parthasarathy to  
praise for intelligence can undermine children 's motivation and performance cm mueller cs dweck journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
why context should not count g king political geography 1996.0 
watermarking resistance to translation rotation and scaling m kutter proceedings of spie 2003.0 
simultaneous optimization and evaluation ofmultiple dimensional queries y zhao p deshpande j naughton a shukla proc . ofthe acm sigmod conf . on management  
supplemental instruction : from small beginnings to a national program ge widmar new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?your mediators need data conversion ! ã cents â ? ¬ â ? s cluet c delobel j simeon k smaga proc . of the acm sigmod  
a monadic framework for subcontinuations rk dybvig a sabry submitted for publication 2004.0 
behavior of webs under concentrated loads acting between vertical stiffeners commission 8.3 eur p dubas e gheri convention for constructional steelwork zurich switzerland  
locating data repositories using xml pd repositories   
designing robust sample interfacing equipment for infrared process analysis wm doyle na jennings at process 1997.0 
efficient recursive xml query processing in relational database systems s prakash ss bhowmick s madria   
rx for semantic video database retrieval n dimitrova f golshani & hellip ; of the second acm international conference on multimedia 1994.0 
cyclosporine concentration prediction using clustering and support vector regresion g camps e soria jj pã © rez f pã © rez ar electronic letters  
relation of temperature to the development of citrus canker lesions in the spring m koizumi proc . int . soc . citriculture  
a logic of object-oriented programs m abadi krm leino lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
timor-leste key facts area 2001.0 
efficient topology-aware overlay network . acm computer communications review 33 ( 1 ) : 101â ?? 106 jan m waldvogel r rinaldi proceedings of acm hotnets-i ( october  
secure and efficient o-line digital money m franklin m yung proceedings of  
assessment processes and outcomes : building a folio . bg barnett p lee new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
deterministic simulation in logspace m ajtai j komlos e szemeredi proceedings of the nineteenth annual acm conference on & hellip ; 1987.0 
ani ) ullman j. d the theory of joins m relational databases av aho c beeri acm trans . database syst . 4 3 ( 1979 )  
the comparison of two merged rain gaugeâ ?? satellite precipitation datasets a gruber x su m kanamitsu j schemm   
recent design trade-offs in sql3 n mattos lg demichiel sigmod record 1994.0 
networked gamesâ ?? a qos-sensitive application for qos-insensitive users ? t henderson s bhatti   
acquisition and representation of 2d and 3d data from turbulent flows and flames mb long jk lam   
self testing computers jb clary ra sacane ieee  
on computing correlated aggregates over continual data streams j gehrke f korn d srivastava sigmod conference 2001.0 
transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating depression jl martin mj barbanoj te schlaepfer s clos v cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
the design implementation and evaluation of a software-based real-time ethernet protocol t chiueh c venkatramani proceedings of acm sigcomm 1995.0 
mycenae-epidaurus argos-tiryns-nauplion se iakovidis  1978.0 
what should a wildebeest say ? interactive nature films for high school classrooms bk smith bj reiser   
tpm med erfarenhet frã ¥ n volvo b johansson c nord b pettersson  1997.0 
gst rush at tax office exposes security neglect s van dijk computerworld  
on the stability of the functional equation f ( xy ) = f ( x ) y mathematica sm jung to  
direct diode laser welding of aerospace alloys sw williams g scott nj calder laseropto-stuttgart - 2001.0 
evaluation of the duration of immunity of a single dose of ingelvacâ ® - m sk miller m roof d cleveringa j husa k hyo at  
ruoslahti e. & pierschbacher s dedhar md  
placement of standard cells using simulated annealing on the connection machine a casotto a sangiovanni-vincentelli proc . int . conf . computer-aided design  
method engineering : engineering of information systems development methods and tools s brinkkemper information and software technology 1996.0 
human factors comparison of a procedural and a nonprocedural query language c welty dw stemple acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
cerebrospinal fluid fistula : the identification and management in pediatric temporal bone fractures . w mcguirt s stool journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
the learning-curve method applied to clustering c meek b thiesson d heckerman   
biologically based analysis of lung cancer incidence in a large canadian occupational cohort with wd hazelton jm zielinski jp ashmore d krewski  2002.0 
permeability changes during shear deformation of fractured rock lw teufel proc . us rock mech . symp. 28th  
tr-98-35 msr report  1998.0 
changes in nuclear morphology during apoptosis correlate with vimentin cleavage by different n morishima genes to cells 1999.0 
small ambient isotopies of a 3-manifold which transform one embedding of a polyhedron into another . rf craggs  1967.0 
applying hash filters to improving the execution of bushy trees ms chen hi hsiao ps yu   
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries 28th intl g gottlob c koch r pichler conf . very large data bases ( vldb )  
on optimal graphs embedded into path and rings with analysis using l1-spheres y dinitz m feighelstein s zaks proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ; 1997.0 
road warriors : 11 laptops battle it out pc magazine pc magazine  
data mining with optimized two-dimensional association rules t fukuda y morimoto s morishita t tokuyama acm transactions on database systems 2001.0 
an industrial application of a reuse technique to a web portal product line u pettersson s jarzabek submitted for  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?incremental maintenance for materialized views over semistructured dataã cents â ? ¬ â ? s abiteboul j mchugh m rys v vassalos jl proc . of the 24th vldb  
techniques and applications s castano v de antonellis mg fugini b pernici on acm transactions on database systems  
manpower strategies for flexible organisations j atkinson personnel management  
dataspace : protocols and services for distributed data mining and remote data analysis e creel r grossman g reinhart conference : knowledge discovery and data mining august  
requirements that handle ikiwisi cots and rapid change b boehm   
effects of fatty infiltration of the graft on the outcome of living-related liver transplantation m hayashi k fujii t kiuchi k uryuhara m transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
trust and distrust : new relationships and realities rj lewicki dj mcallister rj bies the academy of management review 1998.0 
chameleon : a new multi-layer channel router d braun j burns s davadas hk ma k mayaram f proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
seer cancer statistics review 1975-2000 . national cancer institute . bethesda lag ries mp eisner cl kosary bf hankey ba   
on the use of gamma rays in low temperature calorimetry n kurti fe simon phil . mag  
phase transition and finite-size scaling for the optimum partitioning problem c borgs j chayes b pittel technical report microsoft research http://www . research .  
environmental effects on mechanical properties of silicon nitride joints with metallic interlayers k suganuma t okamoto & hellip ; of an international workshop santa barbara california usa  
content-based browsing of video sequences f arman r depommier a hsu my chiu   
an efficient component model for the construction of adaptive middleware m clarke gs blair g coulson n parlavantzas lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
role of bcl-2 family proteins in apoptosis : apoptosomes or mitochondria ? y tsujimoto genes to cells 1998.0 
random samplingtechniques for space efficient computation of large dataset s g singh s rajagopalan b lindsay proceedings of sigmod philladelphia pa  
case tool for reusable software component storage and retrieval in rapid prototyping r steigerwald j mcdowell l luqi information and software technology 1991.0 
computer network architectures s wecker ieee computer  
a genetic agent-based negotiation system spm choi j liu sp chan computer networks 2001.0 
faloutsos : active storage for large scale data mining and multimedia g riedel  1998.0 
adult learning in community : themes and threads ds stein s imel new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
high-energy transmission grating spectrometer for the advanced x-ray astrophysics facility ( axaf ) th markert cr canizares d dewey m mcguirk cs proc . spie 1994.0 
web component : a substrate for web service reuse and composition j yang mp papazoglou lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
helix : the architecture of a distributed file system m friorich w older proceedings of the 4th international conference on d ~ & hellip ;  
supporting display generation for complex database objects bb flynn d maier sigmod record 1992.0 
approximation algorithms for projective clustering pk agarwal cm procopiuc   
perthâ ?? s water future a water strategy for perth and mandurah to 2021â ?? water authority of western ra stokes ja beckwith ir pound rr stone pc isbn  
uses of the fries rearrangement for the preparation of hydroxyarylketones r martin org . prep . proc . int  
multiversion concurrency control -- theory and algorithms pa bernstein n goodman acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
sampling-based selectivity for joins using augmented frequent value statistics p haas a swami proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
injectable gold for rheumatoid arthritis p clark p tugwell k bennet c bombardier b shea cochrane database syst . rev 2000.0 
a new approach to the information function in marketing . gs albaum  1962.0 
data intensive production systems : the dips approach tk sellis cc lin l raschid sigmod record 1989.0 
on the instability of a cylinder of viscous liquid under capillary force r lord phil . mag  
min-max compression methods for medical image databases k karadimitriou jm tyler sigmod record 1997.0 
inaccuracy in endotracheal tube verification using a toomey syringe-complications and survival dp davis kac stephen gm vilke journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
fault detection in rule-based software systems d wang r hao d lee information and software technology 2003.0 
optimal fault-tolerant atm-routings for biconnected graphs k wada w chen y luo k kawaguchi proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ; 1997.0 
on the construction of pseudo-random permutations : luby-rackoff revisited journal of cryptology m naor o reingold extended abstract was published in proc . 29th acm symp . on & hellip ;  
the reduction/prevention of muscle and tendon sprains strains and overexertion injuries thru pre - mt anderson   
synchronization of the neural response to noisy periodic input 1999 an burkitt gm clark   
the future of fibre access systems ? db payne rp davey bt technology journal 2002.0 
online scaling in a highly available database se bratsberg r humborstad proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
investigation of megawatt power level gyrotrons for iter t kimura jp hogge r advani d denison ke proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves & hellip ;  
dynamic buffer management for near video-on-demand systems wj tsai sy lee multimedia tools and applications 1998.0 
semantic integration in heterogeneous databases using neural networks ws li c clifton vldb 1994.0 
evaluation of automatic generation of prosody with a superposition model y morlec v aubergã © g bailly   
implementation of data abstraction in the relational system ingres j ongâ ? ¦ acm sigmod record march  
preliminary evaluation of hazard and risk rating variables for mountain pine beetle infestations in gd amman ja anhold amman gene d. compiler . proceedingsâ ?? symposium on the & hellip ;  
a ward gf & dudley ra ( 1992 ) jm barnaba jd rueb j hassoun & hellip ; crew reduction feasibility demonstration simulation study : 2  
out-of-class contract learning at justin morrill . j duley new directions for higher education 1975.0 
monitors and concurrent pascal : a personal history p brinch hansen 2 ndacm conference on the history of programming languages  
read assistant professor m jane   
studies of arsenic ingestion from drinking water in northeastern taiwan : chemical speciation and j froines md  
heat shock response l nover  1991.0 
combining high school and college : laguardia 's middle college high school . je lieberman new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
the use of control-flow and control dependence in software tools tj ball  1993.0 
gender differences in moral reasoning k bussey b maughan journal of personality and social psychology  
selling in the era of the '' net '' integration of electronic commerce in small firms wj kettinger g hackbarth   
a vlsi decomposition of the de bruijn graph o collins s dolinar r mceliece f pollara   
observations of an agulhas undercurrent lm beal hl bryden   
contribution to the study of climate in greece s kotini-zambaka athens academy athens greece ( in greek )  
common directions toward improvement . ec galambos new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
multiple steady states in azeotropic and reactive distillation te guttinger  1998.0 
dynamic nature and function of epidermal langerhans cellsin vivo andin vitro : a review with mbm teunissen the histochemical journal 1992.0 
how important are employee benefits to public sector employees ? tj bergmann ma bergmann jl grahn public personnel management 1994.0 
â ?? brien ma oxman ad davis da haynes rb freemantle n harvey el . audit and feedback : effects on o thomson cochrane database syst rev  
mexican bank finds crisis control t hoffman computerworld  
fire in the ecology of the brazilian cerrado lm coutinho fire in the tropical biota 1990.0 
be careful what you wish for : the paradoxical effects of bifurcating claims for punitive damages s landsman s diamond l dimitropoulos mj saks wisconsin law review 1998.0 
issues for the generation of document deixis i paraboni   
untraceable mobility or how to travel incognito g ateniese a herzberg h krawczyk g tsudik computer networks 1999.0 
distributional measures as proxies for semantic relatedness s mohammad g hirst submitted for publication 2005.0 
a link between scattering resonances and dilation analytic resonances in few body quantum mechanics ga hagedorn communications in mathematical physics 1979.0 
biopolym biospectrosc r desamero h cheng s cahill m girvin r   
scholarly work and professional practice re rice l richlin new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
semantics and implementation of schema evolution in oodb j banerjee w kim hj kim hf korth proc . 5th acm sigmod conference on management of data acm  
finally : a practical application for holography j mcdermott electronic design  
applying an update method to a set of receivers m andries l cabibbo j paredaens j van den acm transactions on database systems 2001.0 
new microwave system for gyro-twt gg denisov sj cooke proc . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter waves  
final height in girls with untreated constitutional delay in growth and puberty ec crowne sm shalet whb wallace dm eminson da european journal of pediatrics 1991.0 
interval arithmetic for computer graphics j snyder proceedings of acm siggraph  
bourel m genetet b fauchet r m simon idiopathic hemoch-romatosis . demonstration of recessive  
personal conversation c ballinger san diego california  
athens 1998 vol2 g biscontinâ ? ¦   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?an application level video gateway ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in e amir s mccanne h zhang proc . acm multimedia  
zhemkov â ?? radiation conditions during the preparation of irradiated bor-60 fuel assemblies for vv serebryakov ap kirillovich i yu at .  
impacts of information systems : four perspectives vj symons information and software technology 1991.0 
frequent expression of the cell death-inducing gene bax in reed-sternberg cells of hodgkin 's disease p brousset d benharroch s krajewski g laurent   
modern analogs for dinosaur nesting and parental behavior wp coombs jr see farlow  
g. and myers hp 1970 hg liljenvall ag mathewson phil . mag  
generation of turkish surface form from a morphemic lexicon bk ol-ayan  2000.0 
an evaluation of tcp vegas by live emulation pb danzig z liu l yan proceedings of acm sigmetrics  
providing role models online : telementoring gives students real-life connections in science and d bennett electronic learning 1997.0 
using squids to address forwarding pointer aliasing jp grossman j brown a huang t knight   
community and computer-generated distance learning environments dl cook new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
guest editorial rc holte machine learning 2001.0 
online superpage promotion revisited ( poster session ) z fang l zhang j carter s mckee w hsieh proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;  
contextmetrics/sup/spl trade / / : semantic and syntactic interoperability in cross-border trading c jovellanos data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
sex differences in eavesdropping on nonverbal cues : developmental changes pd blanck r rosenthal s snodgrass bm depaulo m journal of personality and social psychology  
the relationships of the s-genome diploids to polyploid wheats g kimber proc . int . wheat genet . symp  
coping stress and social resources among adults with unipolar depression ag billings rh moos journal of personality and social psychology 1984.0 
cervicofacial and mediastinal emphysema as the result of a dental procedure sc karras jj sexton journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
lexical relations : enhancing effectiveness of information retrieval systems e fox acm sigir forum 1980.0 
limits of performance in reference-tracking and path-following for nonlinear systems ap aguiar jp hespanha p kokotovic   
numerical simulations of dense collisional systems ( abstract only ) h salo proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
landfill gas in use as a fuel for process firing and power generation mg robinson proceedings of d. & e. conference on land-fill gas : energy & & hellip ;  
the killer app crew s moore computerworld  
bg lindsay on maintainingpriorities in a production rule system r agrawal rj cochrane proc . of 17th vldb barcelona  
an investigation of factors that influence the implementation of cooperative learning . jw bowe  2001.0 
iam : an inferential abstract modeling approach to design of conceptual schema ja bubenko jr proceedings of the 1977 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1977.0 
working notes on error handling clu design note 6 s zilles  1974.0 
a study of social stereotype of body image in children jr staffieri journal of personality and social psychology 1967.0 
the effect of perceived technological uncertainty on japanese new product development m song mm montoya-weiss   
systems i circuits iee  
concurrent signatures l chen c kudla kg paterson lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
further evidence of the necessity of sunspots k shell   
towards a hybrid logic of acquaintance and awareness a saffiotti f sebastiani   
multidimensional analyses and cost-revenue relationships . we vandament new directions for higher education 1993.0 
id-nouveau ( version 88.0 ) reference manual rs nikhil technical report mit laboratory for computer science cambridge  
a dht-based backup system e sit j cates r cox   
isolating an odd number of elements linearly restrictable sets and applications in complexity s gupta manuscript virginia technical  
small subsets inherit sparse îµ-regularity s gerke y kohayakawa v rodl a steger   
performance of parallel applications on a shared-memory multiprocessor system ss thakkar acm press frontier series 1990.0 
towards a low bandwidth talking face using appearance models bj theobald g cawley s kruse ja bangham   
capillary plugging by granulocytes and the no-reflow phenomenon in the microcirculation gw schmid-schonbein fed proc 1987.0 
patterns in strategy formation h mintzberg management science 1978.0 
the brunei reading and language acquisition project sm ng international journal of educational research 2001.0 
the future of representative democracy r democracy seminar  
almost ` like family ' : emergency nurses and ` frequent flyers ' re malone journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
rethinking database system architecture : towards a self-tuning risc-style database architecture s chaudhuri g weikum proc . of 26 thint . conf . on very large  
the component attenuation model for low and moderate seismic regions procs . of the 2003 pacific ntk lam jl wilson procs . of the 2003 pacific conference on earthquake & hellip ;  
seplib j claerbout  2003.0 
new results from the ccfr collaboration d harris proc . 28th international conference on high energy physics & hellip ;  
moore 's law will continue to drive computing n stam pc magazine  
proximity search in databases r goldman n shivakumar s venkatasubramanian h vldb 1998.0 
the mendola report : a new look at gay couples m mendola  1980.0 
and frank brodhead e herman demonstration  
reviews of books and papers cj bontempo acm sigmod record 1977.0 
the politics of fieldwork in brittany m mcdonald antbiropology at  
correlationa dn interpolation networks for real-time expression analysis/synthesis t darrell i essa a pentland perceptual computing technical report 284 massachusetts  
watering las vegas am poyner geography 1998.0 
similarities and differences in coalition building among four communities developing drug and sm boles  1994.0 
dietâ ?? a scalable robust and adaptable multi-agent platform for information management p marrow e bonsma f wang c hoile bt technology journal 2003.0 
concurrency control in multilevel-secure databases based on replicated architecture b kogan s jajodia acm sigmod record 1990.0 
dynamic voltage scaling techniques for distributed microsensor networks r min t furrer a chandrakasan proceedings of acm mobicom 1995.0 
pharmacokinetics of tacrolimus : clinically relevant aspects na undre p stevenson a schafer transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
an expert system coupled with a hierarchical structure of fuzzy neural networks for fault diagnosis jmf calado jmg sa da costa applied mathematics and computer science 1999.0 
using raster approximations for processing of spatial joins g zimbrã # o   
routing in telecommunications networks with ant-like agents e bonabeau f henaux s guerin d snyers p kuntz lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
use of neural networks to improve computational efficiency of environmental numerical models . vm krasnopolsky dv chalikov hl tolman md  
an annotated bibliography of benchmarks for object databases ab chaudhri sigmod record 1995.0 
oxidation of iron sulfur and arsenic in mine waters and mine wastes : an important role for novel k coupland f battaglia-brunet kb hallberg mc & hellip ; international biohydrometallurgy symposium . athens greece  
identifying the needs of female students in distance education learning programs ja furst-bowe university of wisconsin  
the impact of object technology on commercial transaction processing ee cobb the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
traffimaticsâ ?? a pervasive view of co-operative vehicle highway systems g bilchev bt technology  
the piazza peer data management project i tatarinovâ ? ¦ sigmod record 2003.0 
ussa-universal syntax and semantics analyzer b burshteyn acm sigplan notices 1992.0 
negotiating power dynamics in workshops j johnson-bailey rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
region-based hierarchical operation partitioning for multicluster processors m chu k fan s mahlke   
resistance to self-direction in learning can be overcome . r hiemstra rg brockett new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
new strain measurement technology for material damage assessment ld thompson bd westermo proc .  
financial directory of greek companies ( series ) i hellas athens greece  
web spam detection based on mass estimation z gyongyi p berkhin h garcia-molina j pedersen technical report stanford university 2005 . http://infolab .  
structured programming at mcauto ce holmes ieee computer  
precipitation in splat-cooled al-3 at . per cent fe alloy a fontaine a guinier phil . mag. 1975.0 
rational homotopy of leibniz algebras m livernet manuscripta mathematica 1998.0 
mutual interference models for cdma mobile communication networks v wieser k hrudkay   
acm portal google inc. pmg apers p atzeni s ceri s paraboschi k proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
whatâ ?? s public about public opinion ? the oj simpson case and performing the nation sdâ ?? cruz unpublished manuscript  
k. and larsson p. petterson y. wang and c. weise . new generation of uppaal j bengtsson f larsen procs . of the intl workshop on software tools for technology & hellip ;  
cultivating the grass roots : why local government matters hjb allen  1990.0 
range queries in data cubes ct ho r agrawal r srihant proc . intâ ?? l conf . management of data ( sigmod )  
algorithms for acychc database schemes ym yannakakas  1981.0 
clusters of atoms and molecules h haberland  1994.0 
leveraging higher education for workforce development tr horgan new directions for higher education 2002.0 
federal tax restructuring and state and local governments : an introduction to the issues and the m mazerov dr bucks san diego law review 1996.0 
content integration for e-business m stonebraker jm hellerstein   
academic chivalry and professional responsibility . jm farago new directions for higher education 1981.0 
binary translation to improve energy efficiency through post-pass register re-allocation k zhang t zhang s pande proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
an approach to the design of object associations j ayre fg wilkie jg hugues information and software  
la trame de lâ ?? ã © vidence c rosental sociologie de la dã © monstration en logique  
teach kids economics and they will learn jd laney mc schug social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
r-tree : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching g antonin proceeding of acm sigmod  
the hb ( pi ) - tree : a concurrent and recoverable multi-attribute access method g evangelidis d lomet b salzberg   
l. and stonebraker m. â ?? the postgres data model â ?? r rowe proc 1987 vldb conference bnghton england sept  
lawrence and his laboratory berkeley : university of california press jl heilbron rw seidel   
a tool for vision based pedestrian detection performance evaluation m bertozzi a broggi p grisleri a tibaldi   
the rise and fall of world cities in the changing space-economy of globalization : comment on peter j m douglass political geography 2000.0 
a thin film capacitive tactile normal/shear force array sensor ac troy cl ren proc . ieee-iecon 21st int . conf . industrial electronics & hellip ;  
entire majorants and euler-maclaurin summation f littmann   
immediate and delayed effects of early intermediate and late social isolation in the rhesus monkey dl clark  1968.0 
an attempt to hand raise a killer whale calf : a case history dg huff a johnson s innes r lewis proceedings of the 23rd international association of aquatic & hellip ;  
a cellular automata simulation system : version 2.0 jd eckart acm sigplan notices 1992.0 
pix : exact and approximate phrase matching in xml d srivastava proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
why do bad moods increase self-defeating behavior ? emotion risk taking and self-regulation kp leith rf baumeister journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
a minnesota story : a system approach to classroom assessment and research . c stack j peterson new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
labor 's spatial praxis and the geography of contract bargaining in the us east coast longshore a herod political geography 1997.0 
international extrepreneurship : the intersection of two research paths pp mcdougall bm oviatt   
techniques for orthotopic liver transplantation in the rat and some studies of the immunologic fa zimmermann gw butcher hs davies g brons n transplant proc 1979.0 
received : august 20 1980 [ z 704b ie ] german version : angew . chem . 93 286 ( 1981 ) ipds kulpe acc . chem . res 1980.0 
extracting semi-structured information from the web h garcia-molina j choâ ? ¦  1997.0 
cross-cultural consensus in personality judgments l albright te malloy q dong da kenny x fang l journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
the biogeography of fire in the san bernardino mountains of california . university of california ra minnich geography  
industries itt df_cd dragonfly companion informal correspondence demonstration & hellip ;  
behavioral physiological and lethal effects of suspended sediment 693-727 on juvenile salmonids cc noggle  1978.0 
planarization of graphs embedded on surfaces hn djidjev sm venkatesan lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
mitochondrial dna polymorphism phylogeography and conservation genetics of the brown bear ursus p taberlet j bouvet proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
what are they thinking n king pc magazine  
evaluating bioavailability of neutral organic chemicals in sediments : a confined disposal facility ju clarke va mcfarland j dorkin water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
ferromagnetism in small clusters ( abstract only ) j merikoski j timonen m manninen p jena oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
a. martin garcia av y perez grande deld garcia   
vinci : a service-oriented architecture for rapid development of web applications r agrawal d gruhl s papadimitriou computer networks 2002.0 
home-grown progress : the evolution of innovative school-to-work programs ra pedraza e pauly h kopp  1997.0 
the design of templates as tools for formative evaluation s loucks-horsley new directions for program evaluation 1996.0 
legodb : customizing relational storage for xml documents p bohannon j freire jr haritsa m ramanath p vldb 2002.0 
fe-simulation of 3-d sheet metal forming processes in automotive industry j reissner zurich switzerland vdi-verlag  
sub-and superadditive properties of fejã © râ ?? s sine polynomial h alzer s koumandos   
timber : a native xml database for querying xml s paparizos s al-khalifa a chapman hv jagadish proc . of acm sigmod international conference on management & hellip ;  
kumarv ( 1997 ) scalable parallel data mining for association rules eh han g karypis proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of  
the best way to teach computer literacy . a leuhrmann t spain electronic learning 1984.0 
the moral limits of the criminal law . vol . 3 j feinberg offense  
human impacts on bear habitat use dj mattson international conference on bear research and management  
j hammer j. widom . view maintenance in a warehousing environment y zhuge h garcia-molina proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of  
handling the chemical part in large air pollution models j brandt j wasniewski z zlatev applied mathematics and computer science 1996.0 
back contact buried contact silicon solar cells with metallization wrap around electrodes w jooss h knauss f huster p fath e bucher proc . 28th ieee pvsc anchorage  
report on the 1st international symposium on the applications of constraint databases ( cdbâ ?? 04 ) b kuijpers p revesz sigmod record 2005.0 
an evaluation paradigm for cumulative impact analysis ez stakhiv environmental management 1988.0 
borges y la nada m ferrer  1967.0 
deep middleware for the divergent grid p grace g coulson gs blair b porter   
kernel partial least squares regression in reproducing kernel hilbert space r rosipal lj trejo journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
tree-gouging exudate-eating and the â ?? short-tuskedâ ?? condition in callithrix and cebuella af coimbra-filho ra mittermeier see ref  
beyond the electronic book s moulthrop proc . 3rd acm hypertext conference  
neural network processing of perceptual signal representations vc georgopoulos d preis proceedings of ainn â ?? 90 zurich switzerland  
query by image and video content : the qbic system m plickner h sawhney  1995.0 
technology adaption in logic synthesis wh joyner jr lh trevillyan d brand ta nix sc proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
facilitating group learning on the internet me holt pb kleiber jd swenson ef rees j milton new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
object fusion in geographic information systems c beeri y kanza e safra y sagiv proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
managing the printed circuit board design process t blain m dohler r michaelis e qureshi proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1985.0 
stepwise specification of dynamic database behaviour . c. zaniolo uw lipeck proc . international acm sigmod { record conference on  
neptune : a hypertext system for cad applications n delisle m schwartz proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference  
interoperability standards and software agent systems m lyell   
mathematical methods for physicists : academic press inc g arfken san diego  
x-ray diffraction procedures for polycrystalline and amorphous materials hp klug le alexander  1974.0 
the-kdb tree : a fast index structure for high-dimensional similarity joins k shim r srikant r agrawal research report ibm almaden research center san jose & hellip ;  
design by morphogenesis c hoile r tateson bt technology journal 2000.0 
mobile multimedia services ja harmer bt technology journal 2003.0 
context semantics for nl j van eijck unpublished manuscript 2000.0 
further specification of the five robust factors of personality jm digman j inouye journal of personality and social psychology  
visual diagnosis in emergency medicine dp davis sr williams journal of emergency medicine  
hopf algebras me sweedler  1969.0 
memory-based shallow parsing w daelemans s buchholz j veenstra proceedings of conll 1999.0 
engineering modeling and design wl chapman at bahill aw wymore  1992.0 
postpartum depression : causes and consequences mw o'haraâ ? ¦  1994.0 
altruistic locking [ j ] s kenneth acm transactions on database systems  
performance analysis of linear binary block coded optical ppm cdma systems with soft-decision t ohtsuki t kaneko jm kahn   
designing computer architecture workloads . l eeckhout h vandierendonck k de bosschere ieee computer  
'' the lord of the rings '' : the novel as traditional romance gh thomson wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
efficient mining for fuzzy implication-based association rules in quantitative databases g chen p yan ee kerre international journal of general systems 2004.0 
a unified loss function in bayesian framework for support vector regression w chu ss keerthi cj ong   
research at altair p richard acm sigmod record 1991.0 
fluctuating enzymes : lessons from single-molecule studies . w min bp english g luo bj cherayil sc kou xs acc . chem . res 2005.0 
improving the start up behavior of a congestion control scheme for tcp j heo proc . of acm  
a hankel approach to singular system realiza-tion theory ws gray ei verriest fl lewis proc . 29th cdc honolulu hawaii  
k. 13 . harvey and gm mitchell dj barber phil . mag  
transient bitflip injection in microprocessor embedded applications r velazco s rezgui   
rule-based approach to computerized map reading ai abdelmoty mh williams jmp quinn information and software technology 1993.0 
simulation model of sequential multichannel network and its throughput determination rl brewster am glass electronic letters 1989.0 
evaluation of urinary nmp22 ( nuclear matrix protein 22 ) as a diagnostic marker for urothelial cancer h akaza n miyanaga t tsukamoto s ishikawa r gan to kagaku ryoho 1997.0 
structural and thermodynamic validation of inactive cdk2 as a template for structure-based drug tg davies ja endicott mem noble ln johnson ce cellular and molecular biology letters 2001.0 
ground water ecology acad j gibert dl danielopol ja stanford press san diego  
abdominal traumaâ ?? review response and criteria r stalnaker m ulman proc . stapp conf. 29th washington dc pap . no  
what constitutes misuse ? cj stevens m dial new directions for program evaluation 1994.0 
quasi-experimental analysis : a mixture of methods and judgment ds cordray new directions for program evaluation 1986.0 
electrocardiographic manifestations : benign early repolarization1 wj brady tc chan journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
it industry lags behind nation in hiring blacks . l copeland computerworld  
an analysis of three gigabit networking protocols for storage area networks v kaladhar ieee computer  
professional status and an emerging culture of conformity amongst teachers in england d hayes education 3 to 13 2001.0 
on the evolutionof videotext description scheme and its validation experiments for mpeg-7 c dorai rm bolle proceedings of acm multimedia conference  
self-evaluative and self-efficacy mechanisms governing the motivational effects of goal systems a bandura d cervone journal of personality and social psychology  
building invisible interfaces . keynote talk m weiser proc . acm uist  
minority governments : ideology and office t kalandrakis unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
self-tuning controller dw clarke pj gawthrop proc . iee  
the galileo imaging team 1998 . cryovolcanism on ganymede : evidence in bright terrain from galileo jw head r pappalardo j kay g collins l proc . lunar planet . sci . conf . 29th .  
using witness generators to support bi-directional update between object-based databases tp chang r hull   
a syntax and semantics for set-oriented production rules in relational database systems j widom sigmod record 1989.0 
seeger : b. 2003 . an optimal and progressive algorithm for skyline queries d papadias y tao g fu proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
thinking objectively : putting oo distributed programming to work p felber r guerraoui me fayad communications-acm 1999.0 
scheduling data broadcast in asymmetric communication environments nh vaidya s hameed wireless networks 1999.0 
insurable interest options to convert and demand for maximums in optimum property insurance r garratt jm marshall   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?deforestation and the behavior of households in the dominican republic . ã cents â ? ¬ â ? t sagawe geography  
cold flow simula-tiono f vortex induced oscillationsi namodel of solid propeilant boosters j anthoine d olivari greater seattle washington aiaa paper  
from observations to self-consistent modeling of the interstellar medium astrophys . space sci j ballesteros-paredes  2003.0 
update propagation strategies to improve freshness in lazy master replicated databases p esther s eric vldb journal  
social justice and media . media corner . ja braunâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
second edition ole inside  1995.0 
effects of a decrease in downwelling irradiance on the daytime vertical distribution patterns of tm frank marine biology 2002.0 
the prolog phenomenon d mcdermott acm sigart bulletin 1980.0 
observationsâ ?? geography and development : â ?? core and peripheryâ ?? r potter area  
stuff iâ ?? ve seen : a system for personal information retrieval and re-use s dumais e cutrell jj cadiz g jancke r sarin proceedings of sigir 2003.0 
a digital multipurpose vegetation map for the colorado desert of california mv gray  1994.0 
amnioinfusion for meconium-stained liquor in labour gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
diffusion pde-based denoising technique for magnetic resonance electrical impedance tomography ts kim bi lee sh lee jk seo o kwon ej woo proc . 26th annu . int . conf . ieee embs ( san francisco ca & hellip ;  
siemens sold its holdings in swiss cable tv network operator cablecom holding ag i march zurich switzerland to ntl incorporated new york ny usa  
micrografting : a tool for the plant propagator dw burger proc . int . plant propagators soc  
building a convincing test of a public housing employment program for the jobs-plus demonstration . h bloom manpower demonstration research corporation and presented at & hellip ;  
inside ole 2 > > k broekschmidt  1994.0 
memory sharing predictor : the key to a speculative dsm ac lai b falsafi proc . of the 26th intâ ?? l symposium on computer architecture & hellip ;  
symbolic racism versus racial threats to the good life dr kinder do sears journal of personality and social psychology 1981.0 
web opac interfaces : an overview br babu electronic library 2000.0 
l. lozwiak '' synthesis of xor storage schemes with different cost for minimization of memory s chen a postula proceedings of the 25 &#39; h euromicro conference sep  
the effect of bank debt on optimal capital structure sa johnson financial management 1998.0 
sig summary : growth change and service c growth computer networks 1977.0 
spaces of dependence spaces of engagement and the politics of scale or : looking for local politics kr cox political geography 1998.0 
the student affairs establishment and the institutionalization of the collegiate ideal am ortiz new directions for higher education 1999.0 
efficient optimistic concurrency control using loosely synchronized clocks a adya r gruber b liskov u maheshwari sigmod conference 1995.0 
unbalanced-magnetic-pull in pm synchronous machines-its relation with stator teeth and armature c bi zj liu ts low proceedings of 25 annual symposium imcss  
on detecting feature interactions in programmable service environment of internet telephony m nakamura p leelaprute k matsumoto t kikuno computer networks 2004.0 
a type system for well-founded recursion d dreyer   
automated selection of materialized views and indexes in microsoft sql server s agrawal s chaudhuri v narasayya proc . of  
on the power of languages for the manipulation of complex objects . inria research report n 846 s abiteboul c beeri vldb  
text book of medicinal jurisprudence and toxicology j modi bombay india : pripati pvt. ltd  
implementation of a keyhole svd encoding technique for dynamic imaging magn reson med 1995 lp panych c oesterle gp zientara j hennig submitted for  
assessment of family-centered care policies and practices for pediatric patients in nine us n eckle sl maclean journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 
a statistical-mechanical approach to data assimilation for nonlinear dynamics . iii . analysis gl eyink jm restrepo fj alexander  2002.0 
towards automating of document structure transformations m penttonen e kuikka p leinonen proc . acm symposium on document engineering  
storing semi-structured data with stored dm fernandez d suciu & hellip ; pennslyvania : proceedings of the acm sigmod conference  
substantive due process and parental corporal punishment : democracy and the excluded child mk kearney san diego law review 1995.0 
the challenge of process data warehousing m jarke t list j kã ¶ ller proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 
revisiting the high-yield bond market ei altman financial management 1992.0 
spa ord e. ( 2000 ) . intrusion detection using autonomous agents d zamboni computer  
an ultra highly available dbms so hvasshovd se bratsberg o torbjoernsen   
techniques for computing iceberg queries efficiently pm tolani  2002.0 
a new model for macrocell partitioning s areibi m thompson seattle washington : 16th international conference on & hellip ; 2001.0 
verification of dynamically reconfigurable logic d robinson p lysaght lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
maximum profitability with minimum risk and effort aj richmond proc . 29th apcom beijing china  
the anticoagulants protein c and protein s display potent antiinflammatory and immunosuppressive ww hancock a tsuchida h hau nm thomson transplantation proceedings 1992.0 
comparison of trends and variability in cru era-40 and ncep/ncar analyses of monthly-mean surface aj simmons pd jones v da costa bechtold acm  2004.0 
bokr-bis program for performing two-dimensional calculations of rmbk reactors on es series computers aa shkurpelov vp borshchev vp veselovâ ? ¦ at .  
transient species in the stepwise interconversion of nadh and nad ac res acc . chem . res 2004.0 
the effects of nalbuphine and butorphanol treatment on cocaine and food self-administration by nk mello jb kamien se lukas j drieze neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
mathematical modeling of dense avalanches m eglit proceedings of the anniversary conference for the 25 years & hellip ;  
on the many-to-one transport capacity of a dense wireless sensor network and the compressibility of d marco ej duarte-melo m liu dl neuhoff lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
foreword p cochrane bt technology journal 2000.0 
no-cost ad blocking ; pac files are even better than hosts files for blocking web site ads s canter pc magazine  
effective and efficient document ranking without using a large lexicon o yasushi   
private communication aberdeen p plostins md  
fenton chemistry revisited c walling acc . chem . res  
analytical modeling of materialized view maintenance j srivastava d rotem proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1988.0 
causal uncertainty beliefs and diagnostic information seeking g weary ja jacobson journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
solder joint failure analysis using fem techniques of a silicon based system-in-package m goetz   
the â ?? smugglers of fearâ ?? : racist discourse and immigrants in the press of a potential metropolis m pavlou immigrants in greece . athens : society for political thinking & hellip ;  
some properties of complex waves in a double-layer circular shielded waveguide sb raevskii radiotekhnika i elektronika 1976.0 
classification of recursive formulas in deductive databases c youn lj henschen j han   
a consideration of normal form of not-necessarily-normalized relations a makinouchi proc .  
automatic induction of rules for e-mail classification j kay e mccreath   
session-based quality of service s rudkin bt technology journal 2004.0 
wind energy handbook b tony s david j nick b ervin   
predictive load control for flexible buffer allocation c faloutsos t sellis vldb 1991.0 
beliefs concerning the features of constrained behavior : a basis for the fundamental attribution ag miller w ashton m mishal journal of personality and social psychology  
relevance and perceptual constraints in multimodal referring actions a de angeli f wolff p lopez l romary & hellip ; of the workshop on deixis demonstration and deictic belief  
working with faculty teaching behaviors bl erickson gr erickson new directions for teaching and learning  
attachment styles and fear of personal death : a case study of affect regulation m mikulincer v florian r tolmacz journal of personality and social psychology  
goal-based process analysis j lee proc . acm conference on organizational computing  
real-time generation of sound from parameters of additive synthesis r strandh s marchand   
games with incomplete information played by '' bayesian '' players i-iii . part ii . bayesian equilibrium jc harsanyi management science 1968.0 
speech and language therapy interventions for children with primary speech and language delay or j law z garrett c nye cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
cad of rectangular microstrip antennas v schejbal radioengineering-prague - 1999.0 
ergodic theory ip cornfeld sv fomin yg sinai  1982.0 
two papers on schemas and frames ma arbib & hellip ; of massachusetts coins technical report 75c-9 amherst  
parent practices interview c webster-stratton  1995.0 
an overview of the programming language smalltalk-72 jf shoch   
an approach to symbolic test generation v rusu l bousquet t jeron lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
automated home video editing xs hua l lu hj zhang proc . acm multimedia  
fractional levy motion and its application to network traffic modeling n laskin i lambadaris fc harmantzis m computer networks 2002.0 
hypothalamic neurons responding to changes in hypothalamic and ambient temperatures rf hellon see ref  
memex : a browsing assistant for collaborative archiving and mining of surf trails s chakrabarti s srivastava m subramanyam m proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
spatial and temporal content-based access to hypervideo databases h jiang ak elmagarmid the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
now hear this b rayner electronic business  
the growth of virginia tech and blacksburg since world war ii c johnston   
integrating literacy activities and social studies in the primary grades . k button d welton social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
data report : high-resolution stable isotope stratigraphy of the late middle eocene at site 1050 bs wade rd norris d kroon kroon d. proceedings of the ocean drilling program & hellip ;  
on kent 's â ?? consequences of assuming a universal relationâ ?? ( technical correspondance ) jd ullman acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1983.0 
detecting ddos attacks on isp networks a akella a bharambe m reiter s seshan   
nbs primary calibration facilities for air flow rate kr bensonâ ? ¦ air speed and slurry flow procs . of the american gas & hellip ;  
towards a theory of indexability jm hellerstein e koutsoupias ch papadimitriou proc . 16th acm sigact { sigmod { sigart symp . on principles of & hellip ; 1997.0 
services of a broker in electronic commerce transactions c beam m bichler a segev electronic markets  
high performance nearly dispersion-flattened hybrid optical transmission lines for ultra-large m tsukitani 49th iwcs procs  
improved recipient results after 5 years of performing laparoscopic donor nephrectomy ra montgomery lr kavoussi lm su v sinkov c transplantation proceedings 2001.0 
effect of cep-751 ( kt-6587 ) on neuroblastoma xenografts expressing trkb ae evans kd kisselbach x liu a eggert n   
new adaptive methods for particles flux intensity measurement redundancy reduction and their vp evdokimov vm pokras & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1975.0 
elmhirst memorial lecture : the dynamics of agriculture . food securtiy diversification and resource y mundlak proceedings of the 23rd . international conference of & hellip ;  
genetic and biochemical studies on neurospora conidia germination and formation s brody see ref  
technology in america : education c wood pc magazine  
part-time faculty quality programs and economic realities jd haeger new directions for higher education 1998.0 
syntactic dictionary of polish verbs m swidzinski unpublished manuscript  
grading students . hr pollio wl humphreys new directions for teaching and learning 1988.0 
tumor response to radiotherapy regulated by endothelial cell apoptosis m garcia-barros f paris c cordon-cardo d lyden md 1999.0 
experimental investigations of the role of h 2 o in calc-alkaline differentiation and subduction tw sisson tl grove contributions to mineralogy and petrology 1993.0 
a ten-year study of test scores for college-bound students in the state of washington rj noeth  1979.0 
sharing the wealth w spain computerworld  
an interorganizational network approach to evaluating children 's mental health service systems jp morrissey new directions for program evaluation  
defining and assessing disadvantagement b fuller pp mcnamara new directions for higher education 1978.0 
performance analysis of carrier sense multiple access with collision detection fa tobagi vb hunt computer networks  
branch history table indexing to prevent pipeline bubbles in wide-issue superscalar processors ty yeh yn patt proc . 26th annu . int . symp . microarchitecture 1993.0 
mapping explanation-basedgeneralization onto soar psrje laird technical report 1111 stanford university dept. of computer  
it unemployment hits â ?? unprecedentedâ ?? level p thibodeau computerworld  
identifying and managing risk jm abraham new directions for higher education 1999.0 
prob-view : a flexible probabilstic database system vs lakshamanan laks l nicola r robert vs acm transactions on database systems  
assimilation and contrast effects in the judgments of groups da wilder je thompson journal of personality and social psychology  
data warehousing and olap for decision support s chaudhuri u dayal proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1997.0 
relationships among local functional activity energy metabolism and blood flow in the central l sokoloff fed proc 1981.0 
type inference and principal typings for symmetric record concatenation and mixin modules h makholm jb wells   
pseudo-trajectory control scheme for a 3-d model of a biped robot ( part 2 . body trajectories ) k jagannathan g pratt j pratt a persaghian procs of ciras  
fractal block coding using simplified finite-state algorithm ht chang cj kuo proc . spie 1995.0 
optimization and evaluation of generalized top queries p ciaccia r cornacchia a ghidini   
learning multi-digit multiplication by modeling rectangles a izsã ¡ k proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the north american  
software architecture models for multimodal interactive systems lm nigay proceedings of acm  
transformational data refinement and vdm dj andrews dc ince information and software technology 1995.0 
wrapper generation for semi-structured internet sources nac knoblock & hellip ; section on management of semi-structured da @ acm sigmod & hellip ;  
phylip version 3.57 c j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
a view selection tool for multidimensional databases hm jamil ga modica   
alpha-1 proteinase inhibitor ( a1pi ) for preventing chronic lung disease in preterm infants p shah a ohlsson cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
modification of belief in evidential causal networks fj mcerlean da bell jw guan information and software technology 1999.0 
heraclitus [ alg c ] : elevating deltas to be first-class citizens in a database programming language s ghandeharizadeh r hull d jacobs unpublished manuscript  
social capital : prospects for a new concept ps adler sw kwon academy of management review 2002.0 
the proteus bibliography : representation and interactive display in databases tl anderson ef ecklund d maier acm sigmod record 1986.0 
global and local indices of cosmic ray activity av belov ea eroshenko vg yanke vi antonova on proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf. salt lake city 1999.0 
diagnostic model-checking for real-time systems kg larsen p pettersson w yi lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching in `` proc a guttman sigmod intl. conf . on management of data  
recombinant human insulin-like growth factor i ( rhigf-i ) for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor jd mitchell jh wokke gd borasio cochrane database syst . rev 2002.0 
some remarks on a paper by adiba et . al. on '' issues in distributed data base management systems : a h schneider conf . on vldb proceedings supplement : panelists &#39; statements & hellip ;  
multivariate versus univariate decision tree ( technical report 92-8 ) ce brodley pe utgoff technical report university of massachusetts at amherst  
chuv ( 1999 ) xml-based information mediation with mix ga baruck mr ludascherb y papakonstantinou p proceedings of  
boundary optima and the theory of public goods supply : a comment t saijo   
a case for message oriented middleware g banavar t chandra r strom d sturman lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
vertical partitioning algorithms for database design n shamkantâ ? ¦ acm transactions on database systems  
variations on language modeling for information retrieval w kraaij acm sigir forum 2005.0 
spatial audio technology for telepresence mp hollier an rimmell d burraston bt technology journal 1997.0 
a model of employee attitudes and actions following 360-degree feedback t maurer d mitchell c godsey san diego  
avalanche forecasting for transportation corridor and backcountry in glacier national park ( bc j schweizer jb jamieson d skjonsberg   
o-policy temporal difference learning with function approximation d precup r sutton   
locality preserving dictionaries : theory and application to clustering in databases v raman proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst 1999.0 
scaling from species to vegetation : the usefulness of functional groups c koerner ecological studies 1993.0 
on holder estimtes for ou f on weakly pseudoconvex domains rm range to  
steady-state analysis of nonlinear circuits with periodic inputs ( computer aided steady state tj aprille ieee proceedings 1972.0 
tai chi for treating rheumatoid arthritis a han v robinson m judd w taixiang g wells p cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
recognizing of spectral mixtures their components and spectral patterns ( abstract only ) k mantere j parkkinen t jaaskelainen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
fcc inquiry could send flat-rate private lines to the scrap heap . p hirsch computerworld. 1982.0 
personal need for structure : individual differences in the desire for simple structure sl neuberg jt newsom journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
a nested relational approach to processing sql subqueries b cao a badia proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
scholarly teaching : developmental stages of pedagogical scholarship . sa ronkowski new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
an updating algorithm for subspace tracking university of maryland at college park college park gw stewart md  
independent effects of alzheimer 's disease on neuropsychological functioning ta salthouse jt becker neuropsychology-new york - 1998.0 
reforming welfare and rewarding work v knox c miller l gennetian  2000.0 
harden the tcp/ip stack h to microsoft corporation  
skeletal structures in high-current electric discharges : observations hypotheses and proof-of - ab kukushkin va rantsev-kartinov   
anisotropic coupled-field inclusion and inhomogeneity problems [ j ] li jy ml dunn phil mag  
computing geographical scopes of web resources j ding l gravano n shivakumar vldb 2000.0 
prentice hall fd corrigan c eire m jaffee   
evaluating factors affecting implementation of community based tsetse control in southern burkina m kamuanga i kaborã `` b swallow s amsler - proceedings of the 23rd meeting of the isctrc banjul the & hellip ;  
working overtime without pay : dp martyrdom or self-flagellation . j stone computerworld. 1982.0 
an overview and classification of mediated query systems r domenig kr dittrich sigmod record 1999.0 
how much of immigrant wage assimilation is related to english language acquisition ? e funkhouser   
optimum reorganization points for linearly growing files wg tuel acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
stepped phase kinoforms ah vasara jp turunen j westerholm mr taghizadeh proceedings of spie 1990.0 
neutron radiography jp barton p von der hardt  1981.0 
security as a qos target of multimedia communication z lv j wu s zhang proc . of acm infosecu  
field computation by moment methods rf harrington   
update propagation strategies to improve fresimess in lazy master replicated databases [ j ] e paeitti e simon the vldb journal  
stone braker m ullman jd . the asilomar repo rt on database research p bernstein ml brodie s ceri dj dewitt mj sigmod record  
the space of the dream : a case of mis-taken identity ? e cater area 2001.0 
shore : combining the best features of oodbms and file systems s team sigmod conference  
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization d quass a gupta i mumick j widom acm sigmod may  
screw dislocations etch figures and holes fh horn phil . mag  
an optimized synthesis of dimethyl 2 2 ' - dihydroxy-1 1 ' - binaphthalene-3 3 ' - dicarboxylate and of m hovorka j zaã?vada org . prep . proc . int  
general convergence results for linear discriminant updates aj grove n littlestone d schuurmans machine learning 2001.0 
the case for precision sharing s krishnamurthy mj franklin jm hellerstein g proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
texture design using a simplicial complex of morphable textures w matusik m zwicker f durand proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
architectural requirements for open distributed hypermedia i gaviotis d christodoulakis information and software technology  
effects of catecholamine depletion on alertness and mood in rested and sleep-deprived normal ud mccann dm penetar y shaham dr thorne neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
simulation and measurement of dielectric antennas at 150 ghz j weinzierl j richter   
doublydistortedmirrors sja orjicu proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
cognitive approach for building user model in an information retrieval context ( poster session ) as belhassen nb abdallah hhb ghezala proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
land surface geos modeling and data assimilation strategy dao oce note oce note series on global pr houser r yang j joiner a dasilva s cohn   
the representation of debate as a basis for information storage and retrieval d lowe & hellip ; computer science dept. stanford university stanford ca & hellip ;  
direct manipulationâ ?? a step beyond programming b shneiderman ieee computer  
a framework for diagnosing changes in evolving data streams cc aggarwal   
an epsilon-insensitive approach to fuzzy clustering j leski applied mathematics and computer science 2001.0 
cell cycle regulation of chromatin binding and nuclear localization of human cdc7-ask kinase complex n sato m sato m nakayama r saitoh k arai h genes to cells 2003.0 
use of nuclear recators for high-temperature power-engineering industrial processes d na nd zaichko bb baturovâ ? ¦ at .  
workload characterization of a web proxy in a cable modem mf arlitt r friedrich t jin proc . acm sigmetrics  
tools for design of composite web services r hull j su proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the dawn at my back cp blue proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
arbitrarily small pupils in lo mcao r ragazzoni e diolaiti e vernet  2002.0 
biochemical actions brg williams see ref  
massively multiplayer on-line role-playing games and real life relationships ( undergraduate term a benesovska seattle : university of washington  
dynamic video clustering and annotation q li jcm lee proc . of 18th int . conf . on vldb  
cryptanalysis of discrete-sequence spread spectrum watermarks mk mihcak r venkatesan m kesal lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
expressions for batched searching of sequential and hierarchical files p palvia acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
advanced surface ship evaluation tool ( asset ) user guide md devine the boeing company seattle washington bcs  
neural networks for control ; proceedings of the 1999 american control conference m hagan h demuth san diego  
doduk kyoyuk : moral education in south korea and georgia . hi kim social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
'' our best classes are life classes '' : the real world and the college classroom . pg beidlerâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
the rules of the game : the unwritten code of career mobility . m ross m green new directions for higher education 1990.0 
literary resources for teachers and students who compute sl field ld labbo social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
vietnam country/review paper for the workshop on community-based rehabilitation ( cbr ) and poverty xtue nghiem  2005.0 
fluid dynamics reactor computations and surface representation g birkhoff acm press history series 1990.0 
sit-in : a real-life spatio-temporal information system g sindoni p ticca l tininini a ambrosetti c proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
wavecluster : a multi-resolution clustering approach for very large spatial databases g sheikholeslami s chatterjee a zhang vldb 1998.0 
december 1997 gms partners inc. national career academy coalition 1122 kersey road silver ca presentation   
graph-theoretic models a unifying approach gj savage m chandrashekar proceedings of the 23rd conference on modelling and & hellip ;  
the biochemical basis of neuropharmacology jr cooper fe bloom rh roth   
explicit modelling of state oc-cupancy in hidden markov models for automatic speech recognition mj russell rk moore   
accurate and fast modeling of planar inductors in cmos technologies j lescot j haidar f ndagijimana proc . 29th eur . solid state device research conf  
an approximate search engine for structural databases t jason l wang x wang d shasha ba shapiro k  2000.0 
clearwater : extensible flexible modular code generation gs swint c pu g jung w yan y koh q wu c proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
clotho : decoupling memory page layout from storage organization m shao j schindler s schlosser a ailamaki gr proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
machine learning in human language technology n fakotakis kn sgarbas   
'' dirty little cases '' : academic freedom governance and professionalism . s slaughter new directions for higher education 1994.0 
a review of the current information on the bay scallop ( argopecten irradians ) with emphasis on sl macfarlane  1999.0 
mullaproeessor hash-based jom algorithms d dewltt r gerber & hellip ; of the 1985 vldb conference stockholm sweden august  
data base recovery at cmic . nj giordano   
research and practice in federated information systems mr ii gj houben rd kutsche k subieta b rieger sigmod record 2000.0 
a practical type system and language for reference immutability a birka md ernst   
risedronate for the prevention and treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis a cranney l waldegger n zytaruk b shea b cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
public acceptance of genetically engineered food in developing countriesâ ?? the case of transgenic p aerni zurich switzerland . iaw/eth zurich publications  
a dynamic workflow management system used in design g fakas b karakostas information & software technology  
aspects of the migrational phenomena in greece : the case of the prefecture of attica k mavreas the public opinion in greece researches-surveys athens : & hellip ;  
specifications of concurrent and distributed systems we weihl acm press frontier series 1993.0 
transforming growth factors from neoplastic and nonneoplastic tissues ab roberts ca frolik ma anzano mb sporn fed proc 1983.0 
generalizing gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies 1995 l gravano   
htpd conference 2004 a malaquiasâ ? ¦ san  
amdahl unleashes ibm 3725 rival . j beeler computerworld. 1983.0 
gamma echo experiments ( abstract only ) p helisto i tittonen m lippmaa t katila oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
characterization of phase and frequency instabilities in precision frequency sources - fifteen years j rutman ieee proceedings 1978.0 
models for studying concurrency control performance : alternatives and implications r agrawal mj carey m livny proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1985.0 
directplay 8 overview microsoft corporation may 2001 msdn b di benedetto microsoft .  
an application for process regulation and process control nr sripada dg fisher aj morris iee proceedings-d  
one-to-one web site generation for data-intensive applications fp cs proceedings of the 25th international conference on very  
an optimisation scheme for coalesce/valid time selection operator sequences . acms anthology sigmod record 2000.0 
yield and gel strength of agar from cystocarpic and tetrasporic plants of gracilaria verrucosa ( dh kim np henriquez proc . int . seaweed symp  
assessing the departmental major . b fong new directions for teaching and learning 1988.0 
specification faithfulness in networks with rational nodes d parkes j shneidman proceedings of the 23rd acm symposium on principles of & hellip ;  
new seat reservation system for japanese national railways - distributed processing network and high e seki vldb 1986.0 
the value of internet commerce to the customer rl keeney management science 1999.0 
approximation algorithms for the largest common set s khanna r motwani ff yao technical report stan-cs-95-1545 stanford university  
adding contracts to java with handshake a duncan u hã ¶ lzle   
protein fingerprinting as a complementary tool for the classification of pseudomonas bacteria j eichel t lewicka   
the cultural portfolio in beginning teacher preparation : a practical approach to identifiying and v lea b evans & hellip ; research association annual meeting seattleâ ?? washington  
birth of a sexual assault response team : the first year of the lucas county/toledo ohio sart d dandino-abbott journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
tastes likeâ ? ¦ m ciglar proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
positive active xml s abiteboul o benjelloun t milo   
a note on associative processors for data management gg langdon acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
estimating the impact of heap liveness information on space consumption in java r shaham ek kolodner m sagiv   
choosing the pick of the litter s van arsdale j sisk pc magazine  
master 's thesis gg pierson university of wisconsin  
theory of orientation and stereoselection k fukui  1970.0 
admission control schemes to provide class-level qos in multiservice networks s kalyanasundaram ekp chong nb shroff computer networks 2001.0 
database management systems on a multi-computer computer m sinutko sigmod record 1977.0 
bargaining and network structure : an experiment g charness m corominas-bosch gr frechette   
data replication in a distributed system : a performance study sy hwang kks lee yh chin lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
a dynamic framework for object projection views v vianu acm transactions on database systems 1988.0 
polarization diversity measurements by x - and ka-band radar k nakamura h inomata j awaka k okamoto t conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
wavelet synopses with error guarantees g minos bg phillip proceedings of acm sigmodâ ?? 2002  
automatic generation of procedure rules for integrity maintenance s ceri p fraternali s paraboschi l tanca acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
the detection of asw aircraft by their underwater acoustic signaturesâ ?? a theoretical and j nitsche j waters proc . 29th navy symp . underwater  
phylip ver . 3.5 j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
genetic algorithms and their tuning j kubalãk j laå 3/4 anskã 1/2 proceedings of casys &#39; 98 ( dubois d.  
synergy of bovine lactoferrin with the conventional antiviral drug cidofovir in vitro bwa van der strate fm de boer hi bakker dkf  2001.0 
vs and srivastava d. what can hierarchies do for data warehouses hv jagadish l lakshmanan proc . of vldb  
uniform object generation for optimizing one-class classifiers dmj tax rpw duin journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
modelling of power generation investment incentives under uncertainty in liberalised electricity a botterud m korpã ¥ s   
epi-convergence in distribution and stochastic equi-semicontinuity k knight unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
exogenous uptake of carbonyl stress compounds promoting age formation from peritoneal dialysis a wieslander t linden b musi l jarkelid r contributions to nephrology 2001.0 
interaction between water waves and vegetation p. 2710â ?? 2723 t asano h deguchi n kobayashi proceedings of the 23rd international conference on coastal & hellip ;  
iatrogenic magnesium overdose : two case reports rj vissers r purssell journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
a systemic demographic efficiency analysis of us interstate population exchange 1935-1980 da plane economic geography 1984.0 
the jaeri-kek joint project ( the j-parc project ) for the high intensity proton accelerator y yamazaki proc . pac  
fiscal year 1996 a report microsoft  
leadership connections : communication diversity and creativity sc kitsopoulos   
nicotine replacement therapy for smoking cessation c silagy t lancaster l stead d mant g fowler cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
towards an empirical evaluation of cbr approaches for product recommendation-in electronic shops s weibelzahl r bergmann g weber i > procs . of the eighth german workshop on case-based & hellip ;  
solving implication problems in database applications xh sun n kamel lm ni proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1989.0 
the integration of an integrated concurrency control and recovery scheme a chan s fox w lin a nori d ries proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
contrast plots and p-sphere trees : space vs. time in nn searches j goldstein r ramakrishnan proc . very large data bases conf . ( vldb &#39; 00 )  
self-consistent and phenomenological constitutive models for ferroelectric ceramics cm landis  1999.0 
designing an alpha microprocessor m reilly   
exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained associations rules tn raymond lvs lakshmanan j han a pang proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
an empirical study of a software reuse reference model dc rine n nada information & software technology 2000.0 
higher education in corporate readaptation . rr sims new directions for higher education 1988.0 
a fast bilinear optimization algorithm xs ding l ekenberg m danielson  2003.0 
educause p. 62 . rupley sebastion ( july 8 2003 ) â ?? gaming goes to collegeâ ?? g kallules g stine pc  
credible compilation . masterã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents s thesis d marinov  2000.0 
an evolutionary design algorithm for ring-based sdh optical core networks l he cp botham cd o'shea bt technology journal 2004.0 
physical database design for data warehouses-the vis problem w labio d quass b adelberg technical report stanford university 1996 . available by  
information policies in the new europe c oppenheim electronic democracy  
exploiting versions for on-line data warehouse maintenance in molap servers hg kang cw chung vldb 2002.0 
secure real-time transaction processing b george   
s. chaudhuri ad v. narasayya . automated selection of materialized views and indexes s agrawal proc . of 26 thint . conf . on very large  
dimensionality reduction for similarity searching in dynamic databases kvr kanth d agrawal computer vision and image understanding 1999.0 
adapting packet fair queueing to wireless networks p ramanathan p agrawal proc . of acm mobicomâ ?? 98  
1995 . generalized search trees for database systems jm hellerstein jf naughton a pfeer proc . 21th int . conf . on very large data  
loss differentiated multicast congestion control ys gan ck tham computer networks 2003.0 
more than just a pretty face c petzold pc magazine  
ancient images ancient thought : the archaeology of ideology as goldsmith s garvie d selin j smith proceedings of the 23rd annual chacmool conference . & hellip ;  
semantics and implementation of schema evolution in object-oriented database systems j banerjee w kim hj kim hf korth proceedings of the international conference on management of  
visual programming nc shu  1988.0 
disconnected operation in publish/subscribe middleware i burcea ha jacobsen e de lara v muthusamy m   
reasoning about functional dependencies generalized for semantic data models acm tans g weddell database syst  
analysis of the spatial dynamics of fission product emission from vvã?r fuel elements in transient vm romanov dv pankratov lm luzanova pd at . energ  
genetical analysis of mammary tumor development and mammary tumor virus expression in the gr mouse r van nie l hilgers m lenselink see ref  
pseudo column level locking n ponnekanti & hellip ; 2001 . proceedings . 17th international conference on 2001.0 
modeling and simulation of the cascade brushless doubly-fed machine s bian y he z pan submitted for  
social studies curriculum renewal : internationalizing the curriculum . g blankenship social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
wireless everything-unwiring the world r mannings g cosier bt technology journal 2001.0 
strategies for faculty development . wj hynes new directions for higher education 1984.0 
the virtual enterprise framework and toolbox jw center   
atlas of surface marine data 1994 vol . 1 algorithms and procedures noaa atlas nesdis 6 83 pp. a da silva ac young s levitus md  
apj m liu j najita a tokunaga  2002.0 
tigukat : a uniform behavioral objectbase management system . rj peters  1996.0 
data base provides instant credit reports to lenders . b wilkins computerworld. 1984.0 
thermal decomposition of dinitrobenzofuroxan adducts with metal hydroxides b lurie e nikitina v sinditskii proc . of the 29th annual conf . on thermal analysis and  
optimization with piecewise-affine cost functions g ferrari-trecate p letizia m spedicato automat . contr . lab. eth zurich zurich switzerland tech . & hellip ;  
kruglinski scot wingo george shepherd . programming microsoft visual c++ fifth edition j david  1998.0 
maria cancian eds . 2001 dr meyer w-2 child support demonstration evaluation phase 1 final  
issues for on-line analytical mining of data warehouses j han s chee jy chiang   
a framework for holistic life-cycle design : the integration of performance economic manufacturing d wallace d favrat t tomiyama h ishitani technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
random summation : limit theorems and applications bv gnedenko vy korolev  1996.0 
a data model for representing geological surfaces cb jones proc . of acm-sigmod  
a scanning fabry-perot interferometer for the 50-1000 micron range jc lecullier g chanin & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
interpersonal attraction in exchange and communal relationships ms clark j mills journal of personality and social psychology  
scalable high speed routing m waldvogel g varghese j turner b plattner proceedings of acm  
company 1996 ; 325pp e regis b little   
immunomodulatory agents for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis hr davies l richeldi eh walters cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
classroom research in psychology : assessment techniques to enhance teaching and learning . cj walker new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
modeling daily arrivals to a telephone call center an avramidis a deslauriers management  
persistent organochlorine pollutants and elements determined in tissues of rough-toothed dolphins ( jr kucklick pr becker wdj struntz ea mackey bj md  
an operational semantics for csp sd brookes aw roscoe dj walker submitted for publication 1992.0 
semimodular varieties of semigroups bm vernikov mv volkov to  
websom-self-organizing maps of document collections t honkela s kaski k lagus t kohonen proceedings of wsom 1997.0 
tools for real-time collaborative work in the colab g foster position paper and demonstration at the groupware technology  
agility through discipline : a debate k beck b boehm   
the spiritual dimensions of lay ministry programs cp zeph new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
the video window system in informal commu nications . [ c ] proc bl chalfonte proc . acm cscw  
temporal slicing in the evaluation of xml queries d gao rt snodgrass proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
immortal db : transaction time support for sql server d lomet r barga proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
management of a remote backup copy for disaster recovery rp king n halim h garcia-molina ca polyzois acm transactions on database systems 1991.0 
measuring and illustrating statistical evidence in a cost-effectiveness analysis js hoch jd blume   
a general proof of saint-venantâ ?? s principle jn goodier phil .  
going global a cohen pc magazine  
automatic verification of design patterns in java a blewitt a bundy i stark proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
sensitive or senseless ? the usefulness of social desirability measures for making inferences nd christiansen unpublished manuscript  
endothelial-derived relaxing factors : focus on nitric oxide sm gardiner t bennett see ref  
indexing in a hypertext database c clifton h garcia-molina vldb 1990.0 
antibodies to htlv-iii in german blood donors j schneider h bayer u bienzle p wernet g lancet i 1985.0 
the epidemiologic approach to investigating outdoor air pollution jm samet jjk jaakkola see ref  
methodological questions concerning safety assessment of nuclear power plants with loss of power and rz aminov vi ignatov at .  
preferential suppression of lymphocyte proliferation by mycophenolic acid and predicted long term ac allison em eugui transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
spaces of contention c tilly mobilization-san diego - 2000.0 
increased volume/length of stay for pediatric mental health patients : one ed 's response j meunier-sham journal of emergency nursing 2003.0 
the trouble with wireless c metz pc magazine 2004.0 
learning about planning from success and failure . tj sork new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
compressing historical information in sensor networks a deligiannakis y kotidis n roussopoulos proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
evolutionary methods in the design of quaternary digital circuits w wang   
apex : an adaptative path index for xml data c chun j min k shim proceedings of acm conference on management of data ( sigmod )  
fault-tolerance - the survival attribute of digital systems a avizienis ieee proceedings 1978.0 
epicentric foundation server 4.0 rv dragan pc magazine august  
selective memoization ua acar ge blelloch r harper   
kinetics of complexation of î ² - cyclodextrin with molecules confined in a single oil droplet e meyer mf islam w lau hd ou-yang submitted to  
further applications of besselâ ?? s functions of high order to the whispering gallery and allied l rayleigh phil . mag  
adaptive time-frequency representation for sound analysis and processing f jaillet b torresani   
language as a factor affecting follow-up compliance from the emergency department er enguidanos p rosen journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
put it in the contract : the lessons of ariane jm jã © zã © quel b meyer   
how to summarize the universe : dynamic maintenance of quantiles ac gilbert y kotidis s muthukrishnan m strauss vldb 2002.0 
j. wid om . lore : a database management system for semistructured data j mchugh s abiteboul r goldman d quass sigmod record  
8â cents mitchell te ( 1973 ) l hwang ah heuer phil . mag  
effective inseparability of the sets of identically true and finitely refutable formulae for certain ia lavrov algebra i logika  
89 * at ( 54 ) vorrichtung fã?r einen laser-hybrid-schweissprozess ( 30 ) at 2000 11 16 a 1936/2000 ( 72 ) nr pettenbach enns *  
prediction of rolling bearing life under practical operating conditions e ioannides b jacobson jh tripp & hellip ; d. : tribological design of machine elements proceedings & hellip ;  
theoryandapplicationsoftrapdoorfunctions ac yao proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on foundations of & hellip ;  
explaining stochastic volatility in asset prices d kelly d steigerwald  1999.0 
words for the world : creating critical environmental literacy for adults rs clair new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
queries with incomplete answers over semistructured data y kanza w nutt y sagiv proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst 1999.0 
obb-tree : a hierarchicalstructurefor rapid interferencedetection s gottschalk m lin d manocha proc . of acm siggraph  
mobility support in ip cellular networksâ ?? a multicastâ ?? based approach a festag   
emissions of volatile organic compounds ( voc ) from wood f englund report i  
mapping the dimensions of project success aj shenhar o levy b dvir project management journal 1997.0 
the dedale system for complex spatial queries s grumbach p rigaux   
e ective use of large ram diskless workstations with the v virtual memory system d cheriton technical report dept. of computer science stanford university  
d. d redell and jr ellis â ?? fast mutual exclusion for uniprocessors â ?? bn bershad proc . acm asplos v  
suncode : a program user 's manual m delahunt ecotope inc. seattle washington  
particle correlations in hadronic z 0 decays ekg sarkisyan   
woody plants in agro-ecosystems of semi-arid regions : with an emphasis on the sahelian countries h breman jj kessler  1995.0 
evidences for the west china cratons and its evolution x yuan y zho c zhang proc . 29th int . geol . congr . part b  
hankel operators and continuity properties of best approximation operators vv peller algebra i analiz  
architecture matters : the rebirth of public discussion r ozzie  2002.0 
price behavior in a market with internet buyer 's agents k crowston   
a study of predation and predatory behavior in the pacific starfish pisaster de landenberger  1967.0 
participatory analysis : shared development of requirements from scenarios jm carroll   
patient satisfaction with pain management does not correlate with initial or discharge vas pain am kelly journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
the antenna theorem of optical heterodyne receivers ae siegman proc . ieee  
tyranny of words . p burgess computerworld. 1984.0 
rethinking resistance and recognizing ambivalence : a multidimensional view of attitudes toward an sk piderit academy of management review 2000.0 
clinically oriented anatomy 3rd edn . williams & wilkins : baltimore kl moore md  
september 11 2000 clerk city of sumpter telephone conversation regarding use of city of sumpter t thompson ecology and environment inc. seattle  
on the hydration and denaturation of proteins dm wrinch phil . mag  
a case study in abstraction using e-lotos and the firewire c shankland a verdejo computer networks 2001.0 
simple relational correctness proofs for static analyses and program transformations n benton   
the functional dependency model for logical database design bc housel vldb 1979.0 
numerical robust parameter estimation for the batch markovian arrival process using randomization c lindemann m lohmann submitted for  
data densification in a relational database system a gupta s subramanian s bellamkonda t bozkaya proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
cardiac transplant atherosclerosis me billingham transplant  
triangulation algorithms for adaptive terrain modeling proceedings of the 4th international m heler zurich switzerland  
orientation programs for new faculty . ld fink new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
inc. 9727 pacific heights blvd b technologies san diego .  
motion in a geographical database system in 2nd international symposium on advances in spatial s shekhar ta yang zurich switzerland august  
high-performance sorting on networks of workstations ac dusseau rha dusseau de culler jm hellerstein proc . sigmod intl. conf . on management of data  
the push for proof of information systems payoff ml sullivan-trainor computerworld  
on the detection of feature points of 3d facial image and its application to 3d facial caricature t fujiwara t nishihara m tominaga k kato k 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ; 1999.0 
modellbildung und systementwicklung in der fahrzeugdynamik teubner 1997 d ammon   
proteus : frame-based nonmonotonic inference system dm russinoff acm press frontier series 1989.0 
somatic embryogenesis and plant regeneration from tissue and cell suspension cultures of selected gs cheema hanover jw keathley d e. proceedings . conference on genetic & hellip ;  
a device independent graphics imaging moc for use with raster devices j warnock d wyatt proc . acm siggraph  
tight performance bounds of heuristics for a real-time scheduling problem y oh sh son submitted for  
pretty good persuasion : steps towards effective password security in the real world d weirich a sasse proc . acm new security paradigms workshop  
no-difference research wh yeaton l sechrest new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 
anii kosbik ds 1993 ba myers rg mcdaniel & hellip ; complete user interfaces by demonstration . [ n proceedings of  
educating the practitioner : strategies for focusing on the student in the undergraduate business er melander new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
porto da silveira cl ; lima r. '' detection limits for mercury determination by cv-aas and cv-icp - rc campos at . spectrosc  
conservative visibility preprocessing using extended projections g schaufler j dorsey x decoret f sillion proc . of acm siggraph  
comparison of simulated impacts of ssp and mfip with results from evaluation . c michalopoulos unpublished paper manpower demonstration research & hellip ;  
performance analysis of linear hashing with partial expansions pa larson acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining r agrawal m mehta jc shafer proc .  
validation of the five-factor model of personality across instruments and observers rr mccrae pt costa journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
genetic algoriths-based creation of fuzzy-rule bases for the car control j zizka z kratochvãl proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ; 1996.0 
appointment of strategic mentor consultantâ ?? icvt update   
pankaj and s. madria . an algorithm for building user-role profiles in a trust environment e terzi y zhong b bhargava data warehousing and knowledge management  
the extent nature and response to victimization of emergency nurses in pennsylvania bs mahoney journal of emergency nursing 1991.0 
canonical typing and { conversion f kamareddine rp nederpelt submitted for  
adapting the internet as distribution channel for stationary retailers : the austrian case m madlberger electronic markets 2001.0 
a simple invariance principle s chatterjee  2005.0 
modular forms t miyake  1989.0 
throughfall and aquatic biogeochemistry in the anavilhanas archipelago negro river brazil s filoso  1996.0 
inst . of stand . tech. gaithersburg n commerce md  
an intuitive view to normalize network structured data s navathe & hellip ; conf . on very large data bases montreal ( vldbâ ?? 80 )  
adaptive clustering in a hierarchical ad hoc network tc hou tj tsai proc . int &#39; l computer symp  
the assimilation of greeks in the united states ec vlachos  1968.0 
liquid and fluid agents for preventing adhesions after surgery for subfertility a watson p vandekerckhove r lilford cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
antifibrinolytic drugs for acute traumatic injury t coats i roberts h shakur cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
m etais e. '' semantic modeling of object oriented databases . '' m bouzeghoub proc .  
vaginal prostaglandin ( pge2 and pgf2a ) for induction of labour at term aj kelly j kavanagh j thomas cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
content-based image indexing t chiueh vldb 1994.0 
a cognitive model for minspeak nw bray 5th annual minspeak conference seattle washington & hellip ;  
seismotectonic map of greece with seismological data n mouyiarisâ ? ¦ inst . geol . and miner . explor. athens greece  
introduction p alston see ref 1990.0 
iteration and abstract data types jd eckart acm sigplan notices 1987.0 
the depato : merchandising the west while selling japaneseness mr creighton see ref  
low cost approach to realize novel detectors for color recognition d knipp h stiebig b rech h wagner procs . internat . congress on imaging science ( icps ) antwerp & hellip ;  
relative efficiency analysis rd banker jl gifford unpublished manuscript  
interpersonal consequences of overt self-criticism : a comparison with neutral and self-enhancing ta powers dc zuroff journal of personality and social psychology  
a brief introduction to discrete-event simulation programming languages . acm sigplan notes 28 ( 3 ) p kiviat proceedings of hopl-ii history of programming languages  
riemann 's hypothesis and tests for primality gl miller proceedings of seventh annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ; 1975.0 
a reliable dissemination protocol for interactive collaborative applications ( tmtp ) r yavatkar j griffioen m sudan proceedings of acm multi-media  
the gendered construction of the adult education and family literacy act b sparks new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
pspace ( n ) is closed under complement '' s toda submitted for publication  
h . optimization of the recovery matrix hh niemann p sã ¸ gaard-andersen j stoustrup submitted for publication  
soil nitrogen changes in farming systems in the humid tropics wv bartholomew see ref  
distribution of protein kinase c immunoreactivity in rat retina jg wood ce hart gj mazzei pr girard jf kuo the histochemical journal 1988.0 
neural-network nonlinear adaptive filtering using the extended kalman filter algorithm mb matthews gs moschytz proc . int . conf . neural  
mutual coupling calculations including edge effects l josefsson electronic letters 1994.0 
a typology of spatiotemporal information queries m yuan j mcintosh   
erwerb und vermittlung von wortschatz iudicium mã 1/4 nchen 1997 o baeyerlein   
mhc genotype and male ornamentation : genetic evidence for the hamilton-zuk model tv schantz h wittzell g goransson m grahn k proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
events and subjective well-being : only recent events matter e suh e diener f fujita journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
economic impact analysis of final integrated iron and steel neshap f report   
the great american crop surplus : 1983 solution r goodenough geography  
modeling and performance of mac layer of fddi m cerqueiro k jabbour proceedings of the 23rd asilomar conference on signals  
geographic access to job opportunities and labor-force participation among women and african tj cooke urban geography 1997.0 
the sum number of d-partite complete hypergraphs hm teichert   
evaluation in federal government : changes trends and opportunities cg wye rc sonnichen new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
effective investment in information infrastructures pd turnbull information and software technology 1991.0 
ruminative coping with depressed mood following loss s nolen-hoeksema le parker j larson journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
church-related colleges and academics . kw shipps new directions for higher education 1992.0 
early holocene glacial interactions in inner frobisher bay southern baffin island nunavut wf manley jj moore proceedings of the 25th arctic workshop centre dâ ?? ã?tudes & hellip ;  
a performance analysis of view materialization strategy e hanson proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data  
evolving fuzzy neural networks : theory and applications for on-line adaptive prediction decision n kasabov & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems 1998.0 
fast computation of generalized voronoi diagrams using graphics hardw are k hoff t culver j keyser m lin d manocha proceedings of acm siggraph  
flexible relations-operational support of variant relational structures c kalus p dadam proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
fe-ms complexes derived from ms 4 2 anions ( m = mo w ) and their possible as analogues for structural d coucouvanis acc . chem . res  
theory of parallel and vlsi computation research seminar series report mit/lcs/rss 8 t leighton ce leiserson d kravets  1990.0 
maine john feather steven goldthorpe and jeffrey kahler â ?? flight test of a propulsion-based jj burken fw burcham jr a trindel & hellip ; system using thrust modulation demonstration on an md-11  
the anatomy and physics of avian structural colours ro prum proc . int . ornithol . congr  
international conference on the analysis of thermal and energy systems ei yantovskii greg . foundas athens greece ( june 3-6  
cross-cultural mentoring as a context for learning j johnson-bailey rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
the japanese version of the calgary depression scale for schizophrenics ( jcdss ) y kaneda t ohmori d addington no to shinkei 2000.0 
performance enhancements to a relational database system m stonebraker j woodfill j ranstrom m murphy m acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
scene change detection and content-based sampling of video sequences b shahraray proc . spie 1995.0 
using taxonomy discriminan ts and signatures for navigating in text databases . in : proc of the s chakrabarti b dom r agrawal  1997.0 
convergence of a finite volume scheme for a diffusion-convection problem y coudiere jp vila p villedieu   
multiclass learning v guruswami a sahai boosting and error-correcting codes . procs . of 12th colt & hellip ;  
knowledge bases for learning to teach n bennett learning to teach  
a. 0 . mendelzon . database techniques for the world-wide web : a survey df flm98i ay levy sigmod record  
the emergence of compositional structures in perceptually grounded language games p vogt submitted for publication  
new applications of optics from modern computer design methods . p mckee jr towers bt technology journal 1993.0 
quantum world in 2 + 1 dimensions ( abstract only ) h hansson oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
exploiting last idle periods of links for network power management f li g chen m kandemir m karakoy proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
diverticular abscess presenting as prostate abscess and missed by abdominal ct scan rg slater journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
the whitehead group of the novikov ring e-print : math av pajitnov a ranicki at/0012031  
organisational networks in r & d b pacitti a pearson   
bundesegesetz ã 1/4 ber elektronische signaturen ( signaturgesetz-sigg ) afes law bgbl i  
introduction to solid state physics c kittel   
on mesoscale modeling of the dynamics and thermodynamics of sea ice l qian-ming technical university of denmark  
the fourier transform and its application rn bracewell   
elegant solutions for group mutual exclusion problem k alagarsamy k vidyasankar unpublished manuscript  
an analytical model of igbts with low emitter efficiency r kraus k hoffmann   
grobner bases t becker v weispfenning h kredel  1993.0 
sound and visual tracking for humanoid hg okuno k nakadai t lourens h kitano proc . int . conf . information society in the 21st  
learning to summarise xml documents using content and structure mr amini a tombros n usunier m lalmas p proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
improving tcp over wireless networks h balakrishnan s seshan e amir r katz proc . of acm mobicomâ ?? 95 conf  
routing and fairness issues associated with a self routing control strategy in regular mesh photonic f chevalier d cotter d harle proc . int . teletraffic conf  
collective restraint in social dilemmas : procedural justice and social identification effects on tr tyler p degoey journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
demonstrating a video and audio web c parker a pang s pfeiffer proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
computational problems related to the design of normal form relational schemes c been pa bernstein acm transactions on database systems  
the process of magnetization by chemical change g haigh phil . mag  
calcium transport mechanism in crayfish gastrolith epithelium correlated with the moulting cycle : ii m ueno v mizuhira cytochemical demonstration of ca atpase and mg atpase . & hellip ;  
collision probabilities of planet/satellite systems with planetesimals and evolution of the mass r morishima s watanabe proc . 29th isas lunar planet . symp  
commitments for agent-based supply chain management m verdicchio m colombetti   
a comparison ofmechanismsforimprovingmobileiphandofflatencyforendto-end tcp r hsieh a ansseneviratne proc . acm  
student perceptions of group dynamics course effectiveness dj strebel  2001.0 
agile software development : the business of innovation a cockburn j highsmith ieee computer  
access path selection 111 a relational database management system pg sehnger mm astrahan dd chamberhn ra lone tg prcceedmgs of 1979 acm sigmod conference ( june  
learning query-class dependent weights in automatic video retrieval r yan j yang ag hauptmann proceedings of acm multimedia 2004.0 
particle accelerator physics ii : nonlinear and higher-order beam dynamics h wiedemann  1995.0 
punitive awards after bmw a new capping system and the reported opinion bias t eisenberg mt wells wisconsin law review 1998.0 
surfactant for meconium aspiration syndrome in full term infants rf soll p dargaville cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
modern produktionsteknik del 1 ( fã ¶ rsta uppl . ) stockholm : liber ab l hã ¥ geryd s bjã ¶ rklund m lenner  1999.0 
lee . handlingdataskewinmultiprocessor database computers using partition tuning ka huaandc proc . of vldbâ ?? 91  
nist electron effective-attenuation-length database version 1.0 national institute of standards cj powell a jablonski md  
flexpath : flexible structure and full-text querying for xml s amer-yahia lvs lakshmanan s pandit   
amalgamating knowledge bases iii : distributed mediators s adal vs subrahmanian journal of cooperative information systems dec  
partial alphabetic trees 2001 a barkan h kaplan   
a fast index for semistructured data b cooper n sample mj franklin gr hjaltason m vldb 2001.0 
path analysis testing of concurrent programs rd yang cg chung information and software technology 1992.0 
towards a common api for structured peer-to-peer overlays f dabek b zhao p druschel j kubiatowicz i lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
analysis of relationships between selected background factors and job performance of beginning male hh austman  1961.0 
fast database operations using graphics processors nk govindaraju b lloyd w wang mc lin d manocha proc . acm symposium on management of data ( sigmod )  
proximity search in databases . extended version r goldman n shivakumar s venkatasubramanian h technical report stanford university . available at http : wwwdb .  
acomparisonof spatialqueryprocessingtechniquesfor native andparameter spaces ja orenstein proc . sigmod intl. conf . on management of data  
a taxonomy for object-oriented secure databases [ j ] so martin hvons sebastian acm transactions on database systems  
f. w. su y. sankarasubramaniam and e. ã?ayä ± rcä ± â ?? wireless sensor networks : a survey â ?? ä ° akyä ± ldä ± z computer  
kadmos and the possibility of a semitic presence in helladic greece jc billigmeier  1976.0 
n. stefanovic 1997 â ?? geominer : a system prototype for spatial data miningâ ?? j han k koperski proc . acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data ( sigmod &#39; 97  
digital image restoration : a survey hc andrews ieee computer  
reasoning about gradual changes of topological relationships mj egenhofer kk al-taha lecture notes in computer science 1992.0 
thyrotoxic periodic paralysis : a case report and review of the literature-a case series analysis vrr kodali b jeffcote rb clague journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
software requirement definition and data models cdserv4.inria.fr   
ochratoxin a production by aspergillus ochraceus e mã 1/4 hlencoert d der naturwissenschaften   
panoramaexcerpts : extracting and packing panoramas for video browsing y taniguchi a akutsu y tonomura   
priority and deadline assignment to triggered transactions in distributed real-time active databases ky lam gck law vcs lee journal of systems and software 2000.0 
the influence of semantics on past-tense inflection m ramscar   
greek ampelography vol . 1 v krimbas athens greece : ministry of agriculture  
cytotoxicity in murine neocortical cell culture k rose mp goldberg dw choi methods in toxicology 1992.0 
the interplay of affect and cognition in attitude formation and change k edwards journal of personality and social psychology  
potential and local efficiency of centrifuge separation of a nonisotopic binary mixture of gases vi tokmantsev at .  
degeneration of abelian varieties g faltings cl chai  1990.0 
essential ingredients for success . jh daughdrillâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1988.0 
infosleuth ( 1997 ) agent-based semantic integration of information in open and dynamic environments r bayardoâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of  
deriving traffic demands for operational ip networks : methododoly and experience a feldman a greenberg c lund n reingold j proceedings of acm sigcom  
methodology for implementing scalable test configurations in atm switches a durresi r jain g babic b northcote   
the judicial process in comparative perspective . 1989 sm cappelletti   
populating the hermitage museum 's new web site f mintzer gw braudaway fp giordano jc lee ka communications-acm 2001.0 
he sr and ndisotope geochemistry of young pacific seamounts d graham a zindler l reisberg m kurz w jenkins submitted for publication  
central representation of visceral function df cechetto fed proc 1987.0 
robust low-order control design of a generic flexible test structure ch goh   
problembaserad inlã $ rning : en beskrivning av ideologi och pedagogisk referensram c silã © n s normann i sandã © n hã $ lsouniv . i  
mathematical problems from combustion theory j bebernes d eberly  1989.0 
e ciently supporting ad hoc queries in large datasets of time sequences f korn hv jagadish c faloutsos proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of  
advanced ms-dos r dancan  1986.0 
introduction to a system for distributed databases ( sdd-1 ) jb rothnie jr pa bernstein s fox n goodman m acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1980.0 
yamaguchi and koumura y. â ?? thread-based programming for the em-4 hybrid data-flow machine â ?? m sato y kodama s sakai proc . of acm  
status of the 118 ghzâ ?? 0.5 mw-quasi cw gyrotron for tore supra and tcv tokamaks c tran e giguet p thouvenin p garin m pain s proceedings of the 23rd international conference on infrared & hellip ;  
stars der innovation ac gmbh   
the faculty member yesterday and today m freedman n sanford new directions for higher education 1973.0 
collective-individual development in a fifth grade bilingual class : an interactional ethnographic lag putney  1997.0 
rybe : a tabular interface for querying a multi-database system c sallaberry mn bessagnet h kriaa 8th international conference on management of data  
e-services t stafford communications of the acm 2003.0 
vã $ rnamoverketâ ?? en demonstrationsanlã $ ggning fã ¶ r el-och vã $ rmeproduktion ur biobrã $ nsle baserad ab sydkraft the vã $ rnamo plantâ ?? a demonstration plant for electricity & hellip ;  
fossil fuels : the decade of surplus syd and arthur d spooner geography  
smart clothing : â ?? wearable multimedia and personal imagingâ ?? to restore the balance between people s mann proc . acm  
the incidence and prevalence of congestive heart failure in rochester minnesota rj rodeheffer sj jacobsen bj gersh te kottke mayo clinic proceedings 1993.0 
adultlearnersand internetbased distance education in adult learning and the internet dv estmond new directions for adult and continuing education  
the ionization and dissociation of hydrogen molecules and the formation of h 3 aj dempster phil . mag  
calculation of energetic heliospheric ion spectra in the kev-to-mev range based on simultaneous a dworsky hj fahr   
national institutes of health state-of-the-science conference statement : ercp for diagnosis and s cohen br bacon ja berlin d fleischer ga   
a performance evaluation of four join algorithms in a shared-nothing multiprocessor environment da schneider dj dewitt proceedings of the acm sigmod conference portland or june  
optimum decoding of non-additive full frame dft watermarks a de rosa m barni f bartolini v cappellini a proc . int . workshop on information  
initiation of sendai virus multiplication from transfected cdna or rna with negative or positive a kato y sakai t shioda t kondo m nakanishi y genes to cells 1996.0 
on scheduling atomic and composite multimedia objects c shahabi s ghandeharizadeh s chaudhuri   
a model and toolset for the uniform tagging of encoded documents ja barnes sa mamrak   
uruâ ?? on-line identity verification cj gahan bt technology journal 2004.0 
the cartesian product algorithm o agesen lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
mining geostatistics : academic ag journel cj huijbregts san diego ca  
efficient disk-based k-means clustering for relational databases c ordonez e omiecinski ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles nbhp kriegel r schneider b seeger proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
photoacoustic imaging of blood vessel equivalent phantoms pc beard   
qos in packet networks basic mechanism and directions r guerin v peris computer networks  
comparison of three vertical search spiders m chau   
value creation from equity carve-outs h hulburt j miles jr woolridge financial management 2002.0 
responses of grizzly bears to logging truck traffic in the kimsquit river valley british columbia wr archibald r ellis an hamilton international conference on bear research and management  
andg . r. thompson . reliable transactionmanagement in a multidatabase system y breitbart a silberschatz proceedings of acm-sigmod 1990 international conference on & hellip ;  
distributed computing systems ( guest editors ' introduction ) m singhal tl casavant ieee computer  
maximizing community development through collaboration r usnick c shove f gissy new directions for higher education 1997.0 
permanent magnet systems for magnetic resonance image h zijlstra proc . 9th mt. conf magnet . techn. zurich switzerland  
the incorporation of technology in interaction : technological innovations in calls to directory m wakin  1996.0 
introduction to constraint databases pz revesz  2002.0 
five themes in geography . geography mini-unit for upper grades . f willman social studies and the young learner 1988.0 
quantile decomposition of a density db kim  1999.0 
surgical neuroangiography : volume 2 : endovascular treatment of craniofacial lesions p lasjaunias a berenstein  1996.0 
automatic deduction of temporal information r maiocchi b pernici f barbic acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
requirements management interface to building product models a kiviniemi  2005.0 
classifying managerial responses to multiple organizational identities mg pratt po foreman   
jg : fertilizer guide for the tropics and subtropics g de centre d &#39; etudes de l &#39; azote zurich switzerland  
c. kuckes a. steinig t. 1993 . the berkom multimedia collaboration service m altenhofen j dittrich r hammerschmidt tk proc . 1st acm conf . on  
molecular dynamics using the tight-binding approximation : application to liquid silicon ( abstract r virkkunen k laasonen rm nieminen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
a fast procedure for finding a tracker in a statistical database de denning j schloerer acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
generating descriptions in context e krahmer m theune procs . of workshop generation of nominal expressions esslli  
high level segmentation of instructional videos based on content density dq phung s venkatesh c dorai   
communication complexity of document exchange g cormode m paterson sc sahinalp u vishkin proc annu acm siam symp discrete algorithms 2000.0 
development of a solid rocket propellant nonlinear viscoelastic constitutive theory rj farris ra schapery vol . i  
telecommunications network total cost of ownership and return on investment modelling am elvidge j martucci bt technology journal 2003.0 
genetic and other global optimization algorithms-comparison and use in calibration problems dp solomatine proc . int . conf . hydroinformatics 1998.0 
ribeiro-dos-santos r m henriques mm monteiro c vanni c pirmez m   
afc programmer 's guide sr davis  1998.0 
pediatrics and child abuse h dubowitz e newberger see ref  
the workshop through new eyes ja fleming new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
, implementation of the rose algebra : efficient algorithms for realm-based spatial data types rh gã 1/4 ting & hellip ; intl. symposium on large spatial databases ( portland august  
theories that explain contradiction : accounting for the contradictory organizational consequences of d robey proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1995.0 
use of continuous quality improvement to facilitate patient flow through the triage and fast-track cmb fernandes jm christenson journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
research proposal : conditioned taste aversion : a technique to reduce red fox predation at piping lh mcivor md  
field induced spin density waves pm chaikin j. phys . i france 1996.0 
take the linkages among the innovative factors as enterprises ' tech-interface tactics : the z jizhong t chaoying & hellip ; of the third international conference on management of & hellip ;  
the influence of the complex electric permittivity and grain size on microwave drying of the grained i florek m lovas fizykochemiczne problemy mineralurgii 1995.0 
microsoft windows server 2003 administrator 's pocket consultant wr stanek   
all-optical otdm add-drop node at 16 2 10 gbit/s in between two fiber links of 150 km jp turkiewicz h rohde w schairer g lehmann e proc . 29th eur . conf . optical communication  
crystallographic computing agw leslie from chemistry to biology  
restructuring for large databases : three levels of abstraction sb navathe jp fry acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
theory of technical systems : a total concept theory for engineering design v hubka we eder  1988.0 
exposure to benevolent sexism and complementary gender stereotypes : consequences for specific and jt jost ac kay journal of personality and social psychology 2005.0 
aucnet : electronic intermediary for used car transactions hg lee   
storage estimationfor multi-dimensional aggregates in the presence of hierarchies a shukla p deshpande j naughton k ramasamy proc . 22nd  
polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of spiral bacteria from the gastric antrum ad pearson h millward-sadler lancet i 1984.0 
reliable surface reconstruction from multiple range images a hilton aj stoddart j illingworth t windeatt lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
two patterns for web services security eb fernandez   
materials and devices using double-pumped phosphors with energy transfer fe auzel  1973.0 
spirit : sequential pattern mining with regular expression constraints g minos r rajeev s kyuseok proceedings of 25th international conference on very large & hellip ;  
role of the posterolateral cerebellum in language al gebhart se petersen wt thach annals-new york academy of sciences 2002.0 
dialogue and collaboration as keys to building innovative educational initiatives in a knowledge - ml walshok new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
ode : object database & environment r agrawal nh gehani acm international conference on management of data  
trigonometric series a zvgmund   
statistical estimators for aggregate relational algebra queries wc hou g ã?zsoyoglu tods 1991.0 
on the origin of the â ?? second level of driveâ ?? effect in quartz oscillators je knowles proc . 29th ann . symp . freq . contr  
an extended attribute grammar for pascal da watt acm sigplan notices 1979.0 
the design and simulation of a multi-computer network message processor b unger ds bidulock computer networks 1982.0 
digital libraries and autonomous citation indexing s lawrence cl giles k bollacker   
the new immigration wave s watson computerworld  
shue-oriented interconnection networks al rosenberg technical report coins 88-84 university of massachusetts at  
updated compendium on the success of passage of small fish through turbines . section i : 1-201 . mc bell us army corps of engineers seattle washington  
the sibling bond sp bank md kahn   
stable computation of multiquadric interpolants for all values of the shape parameter b fornberg g wright submitted to bit  
noncompliance in organ transplant recipients m rovelli d palmeri e vossler s bartus d hull transplant proc 1989.0 
a native extension of sql for mining data streams c luo h thakkar h wang c zaniolo proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
academic press t process e impact san diego ca  
the next it strategy : the information utility k melymuka computerworld  
recovery of object-oriented design from existing data-intensive business programs hbk tan tw ling information and software technology 1995.0 
the development of social behavior in the infant rhesus monkey following a period of social rc boelkins  1963.0 
self-efficacy : implications for organizational behavior and human resource management me gist the academy of management review 1987.0 
corbaservices : common object services specification r edition   
w. myers hn dunning j moore at ibid  
apolipoprotein e phenotype and renal disease h oda n yorioka c ueda y nishida m yamakido contributions to nephrology 1997.0 
the self-esteem motive in social influence : agreement with valued majorities and disagreement with gj pool w wood k lack journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
trends in world agricultural land use : potential and constraints r lal see ref  
one-bath trichrome staining : investigation of a general mechanism based on a structure-staining rw horobin l flemming the histochemical journal 1988.0 
virtual environment for on-campus orientation r larmore m knaus s dascalu   
towards mobile service agents within an advanced broadband in environment m breugst l faglia o pyrovolakis is venieris f computer networks 1999.0 
indigenous movement representations in transnational circuits : tales of social capital and poverty s radcliffe n laurieâ ? ¦ american association of geographers annual conference new & hellip ;  
whinston the future of e-commence : integrate and customize . sy choi b andrew  1999.0 
reconstructing introductory psychology . dg winter new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
stay in touch . n randall pc magazine  
an observation unit in a pediatric emergency department : one children 's hospital 's experience k leduc s haley-andrews m rannie journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
approaches to program eh kaplan new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
limits of indirect branch prediction k driesen   
an equivalent small parameter method for strongly nonlinear systems ss qiu im filanovsky ka stromsmoe proc . 28th midwest symp . on circuits and  
vascular plants of the pacific northwest part 1 : vascular cryptogams gymnosperms and cl hitchcock a cronquist m ownbey jw thompson univeristy of washington press seattle washington usa  
poison pills : harmful relevant documents in feedback e terra r warren proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
rainbow : mapping-driven xquery processing system x zhang m mulchandani s christ b murphy ea   
symptomatic interarticular migration of glenoid suture anchors md silver jp daigneault arthroscopy-new york - 2000.0 
a temporal logic for multilevelreasoning about hardware b moskowski ieee computer  
monadic encapsulation in ml . in the acm sigplan international conference on functional programming ( m semmelroth a sabry acm press new  
a methodology of testing high-level petri nets h zhu x he information & software technology 2002.0 
research methodologies and the doctoral process jw creswell ga miller new directions for higher education 1997.0 
programming microsoft visual basic 6.0 f balena  1999.0 
leckie j. o hydraql : a program for the computation of the chemical equilibrium composition of c papelis kf hayes technical report no. 306 stanford university stanford ca  
assimilation and contrast as a function of peopleâ ?? s willingness and ability to expend effort in ll martin jj seta ra crelia journal of personality and social psychology  
multiple-bus shared memory system m carlton a despain ieee computer  
perspective on eulerian finite volume methods for incompressible interfacial flows db kothe courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ; 1998.0 
tolerance of rhodococcus opacus strains to aromatic and aliphatic solvents and the role of cellular tv tsitko gm zaitsev ag lobanok ms salkinoja - submitted for  
bringing practical lock-free synchronization to 64-bit applications s doherty m herlihy v luchangco m moir   
social capital collective action and adaptation to climate change . wn adger economic geography 2003.0 
reasoning with prioritized defaults m gelfond tc son lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
the active database management system manifesto : a rulebase of adbms features a buchmann acm sigmod record  
continuous culture and monitoring of selected and isolated microorganisms on a chip by thermal f arai a ichikawa t fukuda t katsuragi   
benzo-pyrones for reducing and controlling lymphoedema of the limbs c badger n preston k seers p mortimer cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
total phenolics and antiradical efficiency of rice bran extracts fd goffman c bergman proc 29th rice technical workshop group  
evaluation of ldcâ ?? s bilingual dictionaries s huang unpublished manuscript  
the new papyrus : the current and future state of the art s lambert s ropiequet  1986.0 
a rule-based view of query optimization jc freytag proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
teaching evaluation : past present and future jc ory new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
bayesian theory jm bernardo afm smith   
a robust multiresolution registration approach s seeger g hã $ usler   
water resources engineering . rk linsley   
cure : an efficient algorithm for clustering large databases s guha r rastogi k shim proceedings of acm-sigmod 1998 international conference on & hellip ;  
a bist scheme using microprogram rom for large capacity memories h koike t takeshima m takada proc . int . test conf 1990.0 
histological typing of tumours of the upper respiratory tract and ear k shanmugaratnam lh sobinâ ? ¦  1996.0 
the tree quorum protocol : an efficient approach for managing replicated data d agrawal vldb 1990.0 
random cascade sputtering model mw thompson phil . mag  
can quality survive amidst adversity ? wp burgess software quality management-international conference - 1998.0 
sessionless test scheme : power-constrained test scheduling for system-on-a-chip ml flottes j pouget b rouzeyre proceedings ifip international conference on very large  
time varying parametric modeling of speech . mg hall av oppenheim as willsky signal proc. 1983.0 
theory and methodology in historical geography ra butlin see  
metadata modeling in a global computing environment d pfoser e pitoura n tryfona   
blind beamforming for non-gaussian signals jf cardoso a souloumiac  1993.0 
incompleteinformation and dependencies in relational databases '' tiw lipski proc . acm sigmod int . conf . management of data san jose ca & hellip ;  
determinants of interorganizational relationships : integration and future directions c oliver the academy of management review 1990.0 
a static type system for jvm access control t higuchi a ohori   
die das ergebnis einer katalytischen reaktion beeinflussen : js johnson da evans b fr nichtkoordinierende liganden acc . chem . res  
a service system for btâ ?? s major customers p white bt technology journal 1997.0 
maria cancian eds . 2002 dr meyer w-2 child support demonstration evaluation report on  
early versus delayed initiation of progressive enteral feedings for parenterally fed low birth ka kennedy je tyson s chamnanvanikij cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
cooperative learning strategies . b barnes go ` farrell social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
differences in chondrogenesis by proximal and distal chick wing bud cell suhpopulations after bj swalla m solursh  1989.0 
prediction of slant-path amplitude scintillations from meteorological parameters g ortgies proc . int . symp . radio  
female delinquents : defining their place in the justice system ab poulin wisconsin law review 1996.0 
on optimmtic methods for concurrency control acm trans h kun j robinson database syst  
concluding comments and further resources . pj tate m kressel new directions for higher education 1983.0 
anecientalgorithmforminingassociationrules in large databases a savasere e omiecinski sb navathe proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;  
a new sine wave in sine wave out conversion technique eliminates reactive elements m venturini proc . powercon  
semantic and pedagogic interoperability mechanisms in the ariadne educational repository e forte f haenni k warkentyne e duval k sigmod record 1999.0 
jh & morgan eh 1993 w zhang ab giles k jahoda y soong jh swank proc . spie  
schooling and work among youth from low-income households s barclayâ ? ¦  1979.0 
ultrastructural localization of steroid sulphatase in cultured human fibroblasts by r willemsen m kroos at hoogeveen jm van dongen the histochemical journal 1988.0 
studies of no x co soot formation and oxidation from a direct injection stratified-charge engine sh mansouri y bakhshan proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
new technologies to support teaching for understanding ms wiske m sick s wirsig international journal of educational research 2001.0 
whitesides. gm ( 1995 ) a kumar n abbott e kim h biebuyck acc . chem .  
timber-a sophisticated relationalbrowser msj kalash proc . intl. conf . on very large data bases  
physiology of heat sensitivity dl denlinger gd yocum see ref 1998.0 
a simple computational market for network information services t mullen mp wellman   
petkovic . automatic and semi-automatic methods for image annotation and retrieval in qbic b ashley h flickner n lee technical report rj-9951 . ibm almaden research center  
effect of some insect growth regulators on rodolia cardinalis ( mulsant ) ( coleoptera : coccinellidae ) m loia g viggiani proc . int . soc . citriculture  
the challenge of process warehousing m jarke t list j koller proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;  
culture and the development of everyday social explanation jg miller journal of personality and social psychology 1984.0 
on processing xml in ldap pj marron g lausen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
adaptive data broadcast in hybrid networks k stathatos n roussopoulos js baras proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
metric operations on fuzzy spatial objects in databases m schneider   
early definitive abdominal evaluation in the triage of unconscious normotensive blunt trauma j pratt s nichols r brennan journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
on the semantics of \ \ now '' in temporal databases j cliord c dyreson t isakowitz cs jensen rt acm transaction on database systems  
automated analysis of software requirements university of maryland at college park college park jm atlee md  
query algebra and optimization for relational top-k queries c li k chang i ilyas s song  2005.0 
the american novel . a survey of 1966 r lehan wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
empirical model-building and response surfaces gep box nr draper  1987.0 
laptops in the humanities : classroom walls come tumbling down be weaver new directions for teaching and learning 2005.0 
computation of the block-pulse solution of singular systems z trzaska iee proceedings  
language support for lightweight transactions t harris k fraser   
it paradox number pa strassmann computerworld 1999.0 
optimizing inter-processor data locality on embedded chip multiprocessors g chen m kandemir proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
positively recurrent markov chains and the stepping stone model as a fleming-viot process a shimizu t soshi   
a novel validity index for determination of the optimal number of clusters dj kim yw park p dong-jo   
analytic element modeling of groundwater flow : academic press hm haitjema san diego  
sl '' toward a universal relation interface '' pros o osborn  1979.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : internal m markham gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
discovering web services : an overview v draluk proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
caching technologies for web applications c mohan vldb 2001.0 
schemasql : a language for interoperability in multiple relational databases lv lakshmanan f sadri in subramanian  1996.0 
user learning and performance with marking menus w buxton   
performance audit and evaluation : similar tools different relationships ? c pollitt h summa new directions for program evaluation  
concluding comments . lm aleamoni new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
annotations for streaming video on the web : system design and usage studies d bargeron a gupta j grudin e sanocki www8 / computer networks 1999.0 
for the macro collaboration d michael proc . 29th int . conf . high energy  
querying heterogeneous sequence databases in computer networks l tuomimaki msc thesis department of computer science university of  
architecture education : the profundity of edifice . jw rudd new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
homotopy lie algebras lower central series and the koszul property preprint ( 2001 ) available at s papadima ai suciu   
managing change in higher education . jd millett new directions for higher education 1977.0 
partial behavioral reflection : spatial and temporal selection of reification e tanter j noye d caromel p cointe   
some viscous flow problems b squire phil . mag  
a business contracting model for tina architecture f daoud electronic markets 1998.0 
a reconfiguration algorithm for distributed problem solving b dunin-keplicz r verbrugge   
file management in the exodus extensible database system m carey d dewitt j richardson es object proc . int . conf . on very large data bases kyoto japan (  
acceptability and impact of zidovudine for prevention of mother-to-child human immunodeficiency m mayaux j teglas l mandelbrot journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
shear stress enhances bacterial adhesion [ ph. d. ] we thomas seattle washington : university of washington  
designing an atm switch for extreme reliability a hermelee g mcelvany computer networks 1999.0 
in vivo bromodeoxyuridine incorporation in human gastric cancer : a study on formalin-fixed and m danova a riccardi s brugnatelli r fiocca m the histochemical journal 1988.0 
strategic directions in database systems -- breaking out of the box a silberschatz s zdonikâ ? ¦ acm computing surveys 1996.0 
a 60 element fiber bragg grating sensor system ma davis dg bellemore ma putnam ad kersey proc .  
dimensionality reduction for fast similarity search in large time series databases e keogh k chakrabarti m pazzani s mehrotra knowledge and information systems 2001.0 
dissipated energy as the means for health monitoring of smart structures pw mast jg michopoulos r badaliance hh proceedings of spie 2003.0 
topicos avanzados en bases de datos ch larrain sigmod record 2000.0 
asbestos : medical and legal aspects db castleman   
temporal logic of programs f krã ¶ ger  1987.0 
designing and implementing a family of intrusion detection systems ra kemmerer proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
gratings in theory and practice ha rowland phil . mag  
ricin a-chain structural determinant for binding substrate analogues : a molecular dynamics ma olson   
on the scalability of fair queueing a kortebi l muscariello s oueslati j roberts   
hydice : an airborne system for hyperspectral imaging l rickard r basedow e zalewski m landers proc . spie 1993.0 
molecular approaches to assessing red sea urchin ( strongylocentrotus franciscanus ) populations : p debenham  1997.0 
a report on openmath j abbot a diaz rs sutor sigsam bulletin 1996.0 
multipoint communications-the key to groupworking wj clark j boucher bt technology journal 1994.0 
faithful least-squares fitting of spheres cylinders cones and tori for reliable segmentation g lukacs r martin d marshall lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
second report on the biology and status of the arroyo toad ( bufo microscaphus californicus ) on the ss sweet  1993.0 
decentralized variable structure tracking for systems with time-domain dominance a balluchi a bicchi   
in the 25 years since the mythical man-month what have we learned about project management jm verner sp overmyer kw mccain information and software technology 1999.0 
creating a live broadcast from a virtual environment c greenhalgh s benford i taylor j bowers g   
chemical restraint for the agitated patient in the emergency department : lorazepam versus droperidol jr richards rw derlet dr duncan journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
behavior and ecology of the asiatic elephant in southeastern ceylon gm mckay smithsonian contributions to zoology  
query languages and data models for database sequences and data streams yn law h wang c zaniolo proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
applied groundwater modeling-simulation of flow and advective transport : academic press mp anderson ww woessner inc. san diego  
contrastive and counterfactual thinking in causal judgment al mcgill jg klein journal of personality and social psychology  
recent publications by ibm authors g locking pru write-ahead crl bit em studies acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
algorithms for a nonmonotonic logic of preferences s kaci l van der torre   
identification of nonlinear systems - a survey sa billings iee proceedings 1980.0 
algebraic properties of bag data types j albert vldb 1991.0 
theamericanjeremiad s bercovitch  1978.0 
uru plusâ ?? a scalable component-based speaker-verification system for bt 's 21st century network m pawlewski j jones bt technology journal 2005.0 
fast rendering of reflections in nonuniform surfaces using a multi-scale environment map b okumura t machida n yokoya proc . acm siggraph 2003  
reuse of proofs in software verification w reif k stenzel lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
the invention oftradition e hobsbawm t ranger new  
block decomposition of inheritance hierarchies c capelle proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ; 1997.0 
gardner we and penfold j 1960 bg childs phil . mag  
energy conservation in operation and maintenance of facilities . c crittenden t burnau new directions for higher education 1981.0 
netpipe : a network protocol independent performance evaluator qo snell a mikler jl gustafson   
c-11 labelted palmitic acid for the non-invasive evaluation of regional myocardial fatty acid hr schelbert e henze hr schon r keen h hansen vivo demonstration of the effects of substrate availability & hellip ;  
stuttering measurement system ( sms ) rj ingham k bakker m kilgo r moglia  1999.0 
outlook for 2001 m joss  2001.0 
a data transfer protocol v stenning computer networks  
expansion of the porous solid na 2 zn 3 [ fe ( cn ) 6 ] 2 â ?? 9h 2 o : enhanced ion-exchange capacity in mv bennett mp shores lg beauvais jr long acc . chem . res 1998.0 
an amateurã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents s introductionto recursive query processing strategies f bancilhon r ramakrishnan acm sigmod international conf . on management of  
a laboratory for the study of automating programming te cheatham jr b wegbreit acm sigsam bulletin 1972.0 
network destruction : the structural implications of downsizing pp shah academy of management journal 2000.0 
writing distributed programs in polylith university of maryland at college park college park c hofmeister j atlee j purtilo md  
induced representations and normal subgroups g mackey proc . int . symp . linear  
å ? ® æ ? ¶ ç ?? å ?? ç ?? è ?? i/o æ ?? ç ? ¨ ( c èª?è ¨ ? ç ?? ) 2001 : å ?? æ ?? å ?? æ ? ¸ å ?? é ?? ä ¸ ï 1/4 ? æ ?? é ? ² æ ?? mcs   
some theorems on generalized polars with a nonvanishing weight eyeusepia j n zaheer aa khan math . seminar univ. of athens greece to  
mâª . l. ( 1997 ) . tãtulo : reflexiones sobre el perfil del profesor de matemã ¡ ticas del prã ³ ximo siglo . c oliveras   
virtual machine advantages in security integrity and decision support systems . ibm systems 1 . lb jj donovan se madnicb acm transactions on database systems  
cdd/cdd # reference manual ( 0.61 ( cdd ) 0.75 ( cdd # ) ed . ) k fukuda zurich switzerland : institute for operations research  
ownership types and safe lazy upgrades in object-oriented databases c boyapati b liskov l shrira   
total design 1988 s pugh ie morley   
university preprint ctp-tamu-17 / 92 ( 1992 ) m sawicki am texas submitted for  
cmoraga â ?? design of multivalued circuit using genetic algorithmsâ ?? w wenjun ieee proc . 26th-int . symp . on multiple-valued logic  
incremental distance join algorithms for spatial databases gr hjaltason h samet sigmod conference 1998.0 
radiographic diagnosis of â ?? hiddenâ ?? lesions of the third carpal bone tr oâ ?? brien proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the american & hellip ;  
digital library services in mobile computing b bhargava m annamalai e pitoura sigmod record 1995.0 
inference in smoothing spline anova w guo submitted for publication  
information intelligence : metadata for information discovery access and integration r hauch a miller r cardwell proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
laser material processing of shape memory alloys h haferkamp f von alvensleben s nolte g kamlage laseropto-stuttgart - 1999.0 
a logical design methodology for relational databases using the eer model t teorey d yang j frey acm transaction on database systems  
high-speed data paths in host-based routers s walton a hutton j touch ieee computer 1998.0 
viewpoint hypercomputation : hype or computation ? c teuscher m sipper communications-acm 2002.0 
the cotton mills of india 1854-1954 . sd metha  1954.0 
the unbalanced plant em goldratt apics 24th annual international conference proceedings  
naturalist 's color guide : american museum of natural history fb smithe new york  
pseudohyphal development of saccharomyces cerevisiae contributions to microbiology 2000  2000.0 
the ibm icecube/lars project c fleiner dr kenchammana-hosekote oa zaki r tech . report rj 10292 ibm almaden research center and ibm  
physics of shock waves and high-temperature hydrodynamic phenomena ( academic new york 1966 ) yb zel ` dovich yp raizer vol .  
eine deklarative komponentenarchitektur und interaktionsbausteine fã 1/4 r dreidimensionale multimediale r dachselt   
bonding and routing practice with respect on lightning protection and emc e montandon proc . 21st int . conf . lightning  
speech transmission over digital mobile radio channels p barrett rm voelcker bt technology journal 1996.0 
the translation server project ( tsp ) l perrochon institut fur informationssysteme eth zurich switzerland . & hellip ;  
nontraumatic intracranial internal carotid artery dissection : a case report ki newton wk mallon so henderson journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
law-governed linda as a coordination model nh minsky j leichter lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
asymptotic equilibrium of nonlinear difference systems r medina m pinto   
construction of a dynamic thesaurus and its use for associative information retrieval h kimoto t iwadera proceedings of acm sigir  
maintaining unstructured case bases - group of 4 & raquo ; k racine q yang lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
alcoholics anonymous as a mutual-help movement : madison k mã $ kelã $ i arminen k bloomfieldâ ? ¦  1996.0 
13th psi-conference d hildebrandtâ ? ¦  1998.0 
idr/qr : an incremental dimension reduction algorithm via qr decomposition j ye q li h xiong h park r janardan v kumar acm sigkdd proceedings 2004.0 
interactions an interactive multimedia installation d birchfield proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
simple conditions for guaranteeing higher normal forms in relational databases cj date r fagin acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
role of monoamines in mediating the action of hormones on learning and memory g telegdy gl kovics see matthies  
runt domain partner proteins enhance dna binding and transcriptional repression in cultured m fujioka gl yusibova cm sackerson s tillib a genes to cells 1996.0 
electronic commerce in the real world pa jenkins bt technology journal 1999.0 
oxidation reduction potentials of organic compounds the wiliams & wiliams co. baltimore wm clark md  
toward autonomic computing with db2 universal database s lightstone g lohman d zilio sigmod record 2002.0 
entrepreneurial activity in nonprofit institutions : a portrait of continuing education b pusser bm gansneder n gallaway ns pope new directions for higher education 2005.0 
personal intelligent communications dg smith bt technology journal  
software product assurance at the jet propulsion laboratory re fairley m bush information and software technology 1990.0 
pharmacotherapy for hypertension in women of different races a quan k kerlikowske f gueyffierâ ? ¦ cochrane database syst rev  
vol n york i  
colored juggling patterns and weighted rook placements r ehrenborg j haglund m readdy unpublished  
asset stock accumulation and the sustainability of competitive advantage : reply i dierickx k cool management science 1989.0 
convergence of explicit lqg self-tuning controllers mj grimble & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1988.0 
the ontos object database t andrews conference proceedings on data management 91 table of & hellip ; 1992.0 
dynamic constraint satisfaction for feature interaction cd elfe ec freuder d lesaint bt technology journal 1998.0 
demonstrationsmodell fã 1/4 r binã $ re optische rechner ke ganzhorn p schweitzer w kulcke demonstration model for binary optical calculators ] dpa [ german  
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives . acm sigmod intl a szalay j gray p kunszt t thakar conference on management of data dallas texas-may  
wireless hacks ( chapter 3 ) r flickenger   
infosleuth : semantic integration of information in open and dynamic environments b bohrerâ ? ¦ & hellip ; of the acm international conference on management of data ( & hellip ;  
two phase locking performance and itâ ?? s thrashing behavior a thomasian acm transactions on database systems 1993.0 
lr-white and lr-gold resins for postembedding immunofluorescence staining of laminin in mouse kidney r herken m fussek s barth w gã ¶ tz the histochemical journal 1988.0 
running ms-dos qbasic m halvorson d rygmyr  1991.0 
teaching thinking through problem solving e greenfield new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
an organizational perspective for the effective practice of assessment gr sell new directions for higher education 1989.0 
attempts for generalizing the recursive path ordering s kamin jj levy unpublished manuscript  
evaluating community-level health promotion and disease prevention interventions c jackson dg altman b howard-pitney jw farquhar new directions for program evaluation  
plasticity for structural engineers wf chen dj han  1988.0 
time-sharing jn bairstow electronic design  
uimplementatron of integrrty constrarntcr and vtews by query mod $ catronâ ?? m stonebraker proceedings of the 1975 acm-sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
quantification of retinal damage during cardiopulmonary bypass : comparison of computer and human jr jagoe ci blauth   
the initial time layer problem and the quasineutral limit in the drift-diffusion model for i gasser d levermore p markowich c schmeiser submitted for publication  
protocol animation based on event-driven visualization scenarios in real - time lotos k yasumoto t umedu h yamaguchi a nakata t computer networks 2002.0 
graph indexing : a frequent structure-based approach x yan ps yu j han & hellip ; . 2004 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data ( sigmod  
transition metal-catalyzed/mediated reaction of allenes with a nucleophilic functionality connected s ma acc . chem . res 2003.0 
structured multimedia document classification l denoyer jn vittaut s brunessaux s brunessaux   
energetic particle ripple loss in iter sv konovalov e lamzin k tobita y gribov   
the coat colors of mice wk silvers  1979.0 
trust : the panacea of virtual management ds staples p ratnasingham   
geopolitical imaginations across the north-south divide : issues of difference development and power d slater political geography 1997.0 
trenã $ tsmodellen : ett systemteoretiskt redskap fã ¶ r att beskriva helhet och komplexitet i pedagogisk g cardell lã $ rarhã ¶ gsk . i  
the infant mental health specialist dj weatherston zero to three  
non-equilibrium sediment transport modeling of sanmenxia reservoir . energy and water : sustainable a molinas b wu proceedings of theme d the 27 thcongress of international & hellip ;  
on the triangularization of an arbitrary matrix cp huang submitted for  
why are private benefits of control so large in certain countries and what effects does this have on a dyck l zingales unpublished manuscript  
prospects of trade and investment in india and china a sarma international studies-bombay then new delhi - 2002.0 
measurement-based admission control m grossglauser d tse proc . acm  
hg-rcp : a rate-based flow control mechanism for intranets interconnected by atm networks m hassan j breen m atiquzzaman computer networks 1999.0 
test case selection with or without replacement h leung th tse ft chan ty chen information and software technology  
dynamic file allocation in disk arrays g weikum p zabback p scheuermann proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1991.0 
co-authors 1994 '' kc partington a demonstration system for monitoring sea ice from spaceâ ?? & hellip ;  
report on isdo ' 00 : the caise * 00 workshop on â ?? infrastructures for dynamic business-to-business h ludwig p grefen acm sigmod record 2000.0 
knowledge-based technology transfer d gibson k niwa   
cio survival : study gives new view ae alter computerworld  
identification of an extended half-site motif required for the function of peroxisome proliferator - s osada t tsukamoto m takiguchi m mori t osumi genes to cells 1997.0 
baranovâ ? ¥ vollkopf uj anal s tanner at . spectrom  
faculty senate rules committee 2003-04 annual report s emmons  2003.0 
conservative management of pelvic organ prolapse in women s hagen d stark c maher e adams cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
making child care choices . how welfare and work policies influence parentsâ ?? decisions la gennetian ac huston da crosby ye chang ed mdrc policy brief . new york : manpower demonstration research & hellip ;  
broadband in-home networks s hughes dj thorne bt technology journal 1998.0 
load and traffic balancing in large scale cache meshes c grimm js voeckler h pralle computer networks 1998.0 
pascal session j cohen ab mikel history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
processing xml streams with deterministic automata tj green g miklau m onizuka d suciu lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
example-based graphical database query languages h wang   
introduction to the special issue on kernel methods n cristianini j shawe-taylor rc williamson journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
larson and fw tompa . efficiently updating materialized views ja blakeley p ã ? proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
a tour of unifypow : a sas macro for sample-size analysis rg oâ ?? brien proceedings of the 23rd sas users group international  
project provides elderly with links to internet m blodgett computerworld  
mys andd r. wang â ?? tcp westwood : bandwidth estimation for enhanced transport over wireless links s mascolo c casetti m gerla proc . of acm mobicom july  
non-resonant pitch-angle scattering : comparison with the measurements for solar cosmic rays br ragot   
environmental aspect assessment jf contadini cv diniz & hellip ; of the 7th international conference on management of & hellip ;  
solving the project time/cost tradeoff problem using the minimal cut concept s phillips jr mi dessouky management science 1977.0 
polit . ( 1997 ) â ?? new chance : final report on a comprehensive program for young mothers in poverty and jc quint jm bos f denise executive summary manpower demonstration research  
modular synthesis of ï ? - acceptor cyclophanes derived from 1 4 5 8-naphthalenetetracarboxylic g chen jt lean m alcalã ¡ te mallouk acc . chem . res 1997.0 
uncertain information processing in expert systems p hajek t havranek r jirousek  1992.0 
distributed dbms means cost trouble js bozman computerworld  
forlorn hope : german army infantry policy 1918-1941 sj lewis  1983.0 
desertification of arid lands he dregne economic geography 1977.0 
design principles for software manufacturing tools portal.acm.org   
sex effects on managerial hiring decisions gl rose p andiappan the academy of management journal 1978.0 
p. veijalainen j. and volfson o. reports : on building an infrastructure for mobile and wireless b konig-ries k makki s makki c perkins n acm sigmod record  
the cultural relativity of the quality of life concept g hofstede the academy of management review 1984.0 
cell surface display of glycosylphosphatidylinositol lipids in mammalian cells na baumann ca machamer ak menon j vidugiriene  1999.0 
il fine vita dellâ ?? automobile : prospettive tecnologiche e ambientali a levizzari area science park  
on the equivalence of the set covering and process network synthesis problems b imreh j fulop f friedler submitted for  
klantenwensen in de zorg . [ customersâ ?? wishes in care ] utrecht : nivel 2002 w brouwer c leemrijse hj sixma rd friele   
domain specific embedded compilers d leijen e meijer   
continuous positive airway pressure versus theophylline for apnea in preterm infants dj henderson-smart p subramaniam pg davis cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
locust control with metarhizium flavoviride : new approaches in the development of a biopreparation d stephan m welling g zimmerman see ref  
component-based e-commerce : assesment of current practices and future directions . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
a survey of parallel database systems . invited talk j gray  1995.0 
the rasdaman approach to multidimensional database management p baumann p furtado r ritsch n widmann   
new narrow cs states from cleo s stone these proceedings the cleo collaboration ( d. besson et al ) hep -  
a conjugate gamma model for durations in transaction data a lunde unpublished manuscript  
anthropology as the mutual interpretation of cultures . indian perspectives tn madan see fahim  
extracting summary sentences based on the document semantic graph j leskovec n milic-frayling m grobelnik   
novel eigenanalysis method for direction estimation p stoica kc sharman iee proceedings 1990.0 
investigations into the application of the relational model to data translation sb navathe ag merten proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1975.0 
group learning in workshops am will new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
astronom . and astrophys sk rosswogâ ? ¦   
lens-fed multiple beam arrays d archer electronic progress 1974.0 
logic-based modeling of dynamic object systems j meseguer x qian proc . of the 1993 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of & hellip ;  
banuozden and avi silberschatz.â ?? resourceschedulingin enhancedpay-per-view continuousmedia mn garofalakis proceedings of the 23rd international conferenceon very  
asymptotic laplace transforms and evolution equations g lumer f neubrander   
on fractional differences a gemant phil mag  
social context research project : methods for facilitating the inclusion of students with cg breen ch kennedy tg haring  1991.0 
the role of repetition in the process of memorising and understanding : a comparison of the views of b dahlin d watkins  1997.0 
prototyping : some new results n cerpa j verner information and software technology 1996.0 
the role of public exposure in moral and nonmoral shame and guilt rh smith jm webster wg parrott hl eyre journal of personality and social psychology 2002.0 
c. a critique of the sql database d date acm sigmod record  
june 17-19 1997 pr recognition   
astronomy tasks that promote geometrical contextualized reasoning g solano-flores unpublished manuscript  
antagonism between fungal saprophytes and pathogens on aerial plant surfaces nj fokkema see ref  
special issue on inducive logic programming rc holte l de raedt cd page s wrobel machine learning 2001.0 
a new high efficiency power amplifier for modulated waves wh doherty proc . ire  
the cordic trigonometric computing technique âº ire trans je volder electronic computers  
mafiaâ ?? an active mail-filter-agent for an intelligent document processing support e lutz hv kleist-retzow k hoernig acm sigois bulletin 1990.0 
query optimization by predicate move-around ay levy is mumick y sagiv proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ; 1994.0 
blue-c-ii l hovestadt m gross l van gool m meier s  2003.0 
state of the art in privacy preserving data mining v verykios e bertino sigmod record 2004.0 
performance : the need for an in-depth view hf jordan acm press frontier series 1990.0 
b. seeger an evaluation of generic bulk loading techniques j van den bercken proceedings of  
research issues in spatio-temporal knowledge discovery t abraham jf roddick proc  
compound data structure for computer-aided design jc gray acm proceedings  
chemical effects on nuclear transformations ( international atomic energy agency vienna 1961 ) gt trammell vol .  
on the statistics of individual variations of productivity in research laboratories w shockley proc . ire  
language features for interoperability of databases with schematic differences r krishnamurthy w litwin w kent proc . acmsigmod  
tuiqiao : a hypertext tool for requirements analysis k takahashi c potts submitted for publication  
der sich im besonderen um den mechanismus kã 1/4 mmert : c. amatore a. jutand e ã?bersichtsartikel acc . chem . res  
parkinson 's disease : past present and future ij kopin neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
future directions in workplace learning wf spikes new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
triage assessment tool ja rowe journal of emergency nursing 1992.0 
an examination of the implementation of peer review of teaching dj bernstein j jonson k smith new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
the flaunting of artifice in vladimir nabokov and jorge luis borges p merivale wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
1.3 beta windows nt 1474 856 523 -- '' java . lang jdk sun outofmemoryerror ''  
nocturnal mechanical ventilation for chronic hypoventilation in patients with neuromuscular and d annane jc chevrolet s chevret jc raphael cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the hipac project : combining active databases and timing constraints udbba buchmann u chakravarthy mhrld mccarthy sigmod record 1988.0 
sphere-specific measures of perceived control d paulhus journal of personality and social psychology  
spooles c ashcraft d pierce dk wah boeing shared services group seattle  
feedback queues with preemption-distance priorities m paterok o fischer l opta proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ; 1989.0 
on the minimization of xpath queries s bottcher   
communication issues in requirements elicitation : a content analysis of stakeholder experiences j coughlan m lycett information and software technology 2003.0 
coyote stories of the navaho people . ra roessel d plateroâ ? ¦  1968.0 
how do educational leaders interpret the multiple accountabilities they face ? w firestone d shipps unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
hendrix college local food project . g valen new directions for higher education 1992.0 
the regulation of glucose-excited neurons in the hypothalamic arcuate nucleus by glucose and feeding r wang x liu st hentges aa dunn-meynell be diabetes-new york - 2004.0 
a court may enter an order that keeps the â ?? status quo.â ?? sq order   
multicast using ad hoc on-demand distance vector routing em royer c perkins proc . of acm mobicom  
learning patterns in noisy data : the aq approach rs michalski ka kaufman   
fastsortâ ?? an external sort using parallel processing b salzbergâ ? ¦ proc . sigmod  
sur les liaisons entre les grandeurs al eatoires '' s bernstein proc . int . cong . of math. zurich switzerland  
moral judgment and college curricula . mj collins new directions for teaching and learning 1988.0 
spatial cognition gd richardson  1982.0 
effects of fuels with a low aromatic content on diesel engine exhaust emissions n ladommatos z xiao h zhao proceedings-institution of mechanical engineers part d & hellip ; 2000.0 
a characterization of constant width in minkowski planes 10 pp g averkov h martini   
differences in commercial database reported earnings : implications for inferences concerning analyst j abarbanell r lehavy unpublished manuscript 2000.0 
globalization regionalism and labour : the case of mercosur r munck labour capital and society 2001.0 
intubation techniques in the helicopter gm vilke db hoyt m epperson d fortlage journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
the gas production rate of comet bennett cf lillie hu keller study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
: a tool for identifying attribute correspondences in heterogeneous databases using neural networks ws li c clifton data & knowledge engineering 2000.0 
handling missing values in database systems using a naive bayesian classifier b harangsri s matsushima j shepherd ahh ngu   
the chameleon effect : the perception-behavior link and social interaction tl chartrand ja bargh journal of personality and social psychology 1999.0 
reliability stability and sensitivity of the colorado symptom index b lee d shern a coen unpublished manuscript  
mt 2003 . processing sliding window multi-joins in continuous queries over data streams lo golab proc . of the conf . on very large databases  
permafrost-affected soils in the pangnirtung pass area baâ ? n island canada g broll g mueller c tarnocai proceedings seventh international conference on permafrost . & hellip ;  
toxicity-seizures in an infant caused by ( or related to ) oral viscous lidocaine use . m smith w wolfram r rose journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
devise : integrated querying and visual exploration of large datasets m livny r ramakrishnan k beyer g chen d sigmod rec 1997.0 
distinguished db profiles m winslett acm sigmod record 2002.0 
remediation in texas : a prototype for national reform ? sr griffith jm meyer new directions for higher education 1999.0 
development and applications of computer-assisted acoustic holography cf schueler ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1980.0 
van ; bergman pca h boerrigter svb paasen & hellip ; technology development : pilot demonstration of tar removal  
abstracting object interactions using composition filters m aksit k wakita j bosch l bergmans a yonezawa lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
investigation of the operational characteristics of the core and parameters of the irradiated fuel vm gryazev va afanasâ ?? ev gi gadzhievâ ? ¦ & hellip ; construction and operating experience of demonstration  
b. stie ge r r. ga dow pj meier and e. wi nt er ma nt el kl eckert proceedings of the 23rd annual cocoa beach conference and & hellip ;  
turbulent flows in a boundary layer and in pipes md millionshchikov at . energ  
4x160 gb/s dwdm/otdm transmission over 3x80 km teralight-reverse teralight fibre k schuh m schmidt e lach b junginger a klekamp proc . 28th europ . conf . opt . commun.  
felling of trees depletes thaneâ ?? s forest cover m ballal times of india bombay india march  
driving style and traffic measures-influence on vehicle emissions and fuel consumption j van mierlo g maggetto e van de burgwal r proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2004.0 
role of macrophages in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy k shikata h makino contributions to nephrology 2001.0 
management gets personal j karney pc magazine 1993.0 
modeling skewed distributions using multifractals and the w-20 lawâ ?? c faloutsos y matias a silberschatz   
a query language for a web-site a levy d suciu sigmod record 1997.0 
fql-a functional query language p beneman re frankel proceedings acm-sigmod  
beyond technology : the missing pieces for qos success c macian l burgstahler w payer s junghans c proc . acm sigcomm  
development of a neanthes sediment bioassay for use in puget sound pti environmental services dm johns tc ginn & hellip ; for us environmental protection agency seattle washington  
genetic optimization for exploratory projection pursuit sl crawford proceedings of the 23rd symposium of the interface between  
the west and american ideals . fj turner  1914.0 
the effect of haloperidol in cocaine and amphetamine intoxication . rw derlet te albertson p rice journal of emergency medicine 1990.0 
thinking objectively accomplishing software stability m fayad communications-acm 2002.0 
storhouse metanoia : new applications for database storage & data warehousing f cariã ± o jr p kostamaa a kaufmann j burgess proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2001.0 
architecture and functionality of a specification environment for distributed systems b krã $ mer hw schmidt procs .  
open source software development : an overview mw wu yd lin   
but is it rigorous ? trustworthiness and authenticity in naturalistic evaluation ys lincoln eg guba new directions for program evaluation 1986.0 
potential of use of ion implantation as a means of catalyst manufacturing vn zlobin mg bannikov ip vasilev ja cherkasov proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
science for all americans gd nelson new directions for higher education 2002.0 
bridging the gap between class and space : us worker solidarity with guatemala . ra johns economic geography 1998.0 
lira : an approach for service differentiation in the internet i stoica h zhang   
advanced atlas of autoantibody patternsâ © bradwell ar 1999 ar bradwell rp stokes gp mead   
abstracting cryptographic protocols with tree automata d monniaux lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
the bay of bengal monsoon cs ramage proc . of seminar at bombay . bombay india  
triplets in the spectrum produced by external magnetic forces p zeeman phil . mag  
shore protection policy and practices in oregon : an evaluation of implementation success jw good coastal management 1994.0 
vv andramanov vn demenyuk and vv migunov lf belovodskii vk gaevoi vi grishmanovskii at . energy  
comments on sdd-1 concurrency control mechanisms g mclean acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
8 and in california 9 cited work this as a source of discrimination i sedalia   
a new approach to pricing and hedging options with transaction costs tl lai tw lim  2002.0 
preventing spa/dpa in ecc systems using the jacobi form py liardet np smart lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
the cedar dbms : a preliminary report mr brown rgg cattell n suzuki   
class and race s mojab new directions for adult and continuing education 2005.0 
immunocytochemical investigation of hepatitis b virus-associated antigens in cases of liver m iwai m kashiwadani t okuno t takino y ibata the histochemical journal 1988.0 
the process specification language ( psl ) : overview and version 1.0 specification . nistir 6459 c schlenoff m gruninger f tissot j valois j   
variants of the bile ducts : clinical application in the potential donor of living-related hepatic tl huang yf cheng cl chen ty chen ty lee transplantation proceedings 1996.0 
tutto ( o quasi ) sugli scanner g laing pc magazine  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?dynamat : a dynamic view management system for data warehousesã cents â ? ¬ â ? y kotidis n roussopoulos proc . of the acm sigmod  
the delta coding algorithm : comparisons to chc sga genitor and hill climbing ke mathias ld whitley submitted for  
quantitative design and evaluation of enhancement/thresholding edge detectors ie abdou wk pratt ieee proceedings 1979.0 
specifying organizational policies and individual preferences for human-software interaction d schreckenghost c martin c thronesbery submitted for publication 2003.0 
in situ studies of spore production and dispersal in the giant kelp ek anderson wj north macrocystis . proc . int . seaweed . symp  
a performance comparison of the ibm rs/6000 and the astronautics zs-1 w mangione-smith sg abraham es davidson   
wireless resource management using genetic algorithm for mobiles equilibrium m moustafa i habib m naghshineh computer networks 2001.0 
pharmacotherapy for posttraumatic stress disorder dj stein n zungu-dirwayi gj van der linden s cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
approximating multi-dimensional aggregate range queries over real attributes d gunopulos g kollios vj tsotras c domeniconi sigmod conference 2000.0 
understanding consulting as an adult education process . sd brookfield new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
the other side of the coin : crossnational similarities between social movements mg giugni mobilization-san diego - 1998.0 
datapath merging and interconnection sharing for reconfigurable architectures n moreano g araujo z huang s malik   
recent bt patents p gray bt technology journal 2002.0 
lu hong-jun etal . . holistic twigjoins on indexed xml documents j hai-feng w wei proceedings of the vldb conference berlin  
hanssen jr. aquanet : a hypertext tool to hold your knowledge in place cm catherine gh frank ar russel c william proc . acm  
the forecasting performance of the riksbank bayesian var models mk andersson  2004.0 
the structure of images . < i > biol jj koenderink cybern . < / i  
anl ) wood i ) . implementation techniques for main memory database systems dj dewitt rh katz f olken l shapiro mr proceedings of the 10f h vldb ( singapore aug. .  
model independent assertions for integration of heterogeneous schemas s spaccapietra c parent y dupont the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
decommissioning of radiochemical objects si rovnyi nv arsentâ ?? eva nm emelâ ?? yanovaâ ? ¦ at .  
potential benefits of delta-encoding and data compression for http m jeffery f douglis a feldmann b krishnamurthy proc . acm  
a gcncral model iâ ?? or version managcmcnt in databases p kluhold c schlagctcr w wilkes 12th vldb conference kyoto august  
business intelligence : making better decisions faster m luckevich e vitt  2002.0 
uk 1997 d freshwater p people r processes   
infection in chronic wounds : controversies in diagnosis and treatment g dow a browne rg sibbald   
tuning red for web traffic mck jeffay d ott f smith proceedings of acm/sigcomm  
icicles : selftuning samples for approximate query processing v ganti ml lee r ramakrishnan proceedings of vldb  
performance study of emerging serial storage interfaces : serial storage architecture ( ssa ) and fiber dhc du j hsieh t chang y wang s shim   
likelihood ratio score and wald statistics in models with monotone functions : some comparisons m banerjee ja wellner submitted for publication 2003.0 
automated laser welding system for drive shaft boot band i maruyama k fukuda & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
learning by experimentation incremental refinement of incomplete planning y gil procs . 11th int . machine learning conference  
interpreting prrsv sequencing data j collins proceedings of the allen d. leman swine conference  
primate adaptation and evolution 2nd ed : academic press jg fleagle san diego  
simulating an instructible interface : the tuny experience d maulsby  1993.0 
place/transition petri nets j desel w reisig lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
the role of cd15 - ( le x ) - related carbohydrates in neutrophil adhesion ma kerr s craig stocks the histochemical journal 1992.0 
event tracking j allan v lavrenko r papka ciir technical report ir-128 university of massachusetts  
high-frequency wideband power transformers a hilbers electronic applications  
toss : an extension of tax with ontologies and similarity queries e hung y deng vs subrahmanian proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the database and information system research group at the university of ulm p dadam w klas sigmod record 1997.0 
sensorless force reflecting teleoperation for low cost web-interfaced systems r oboe s piovan   
acoustical observations l rayleigh phil . mag  
distribution and abundance of fishes and invertebrates in mid-atlantic estuaries . elmr rep. no. 12 . sl stone ta lowery jd field cd williams dm md  
motor neuropathy am corse md crawford r cornblath   
efficient algorithm for evaluating multiple xpath expressions m yuriyama h nakamura vldb  
suresha krithi ramamritham proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world a datta k dutta h thomas d vandermeer proceedings of the 2002 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
6.0 developerâ ?? s guide v basic microsoft  
the emergence of the unmarked j mccarthy a prince proceedings of nels 1994.0 
confessions of a workshop-aholic d hentschel new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
k 4-free subgraphs of random graphs revisited s gerke hj promel t schickinger a steger a submitted for publication  
case study of using different evaluation techniques in small company j crellin j preece information and software technology 1991.0 
adaptive selective estimation using query feedback cm chen n roussopoulos & hellip ; of acm-sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
technical overview of the common language runtime ( or why the jvm is not my favorite execution e meijer j miller   
born abt . 1708 in port tobacco baltimore/harford co jt hunt   
comments on '' social structures and mental disorders : competing hypotheses of explanation '' by hw em gruenberg see ref  
clio : schema mapping as query discovery rj miller l haas m hernandez proceedings of the 26th vldb conference cairo egypt  
the accountability litmus test : long-term performance improvement with contained costs bn albright new directions for higher education 1995.0 
book groups : communities of learners s kerka new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
capprobe : a simple and accurate capacity estimation technique r kapoor lj chen l lao m gerla my sanadidi   
enzymic potential for fructose 6-phosphate phosphorylation by guard cells and by palisade cells in drc hite mj bodson wh outlaw the histochemical journal 1992.0 
the functional extending the database relational model to capture more meaning dw shipman acm trans . on database systems  
id lin '' fastmap : afast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional c faloutsos andk conference on data management ( sigmod ) san jose ca  
stellar magnetic fields sn udovichenko gg valyavin vg shtol proc . int . conf  
clustering categorical data based on information loss minimization p andritsos p tsaparas rj miller kc sevcik   
in : nayeem mf eds . proceedings of the 21st national heat transfer conference ln carlucci i cheung  1983.0 
corticosteroids for the prevention and treatment of post-extubation stridor in neonates children bp markovitz ag randolph cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
acme : an architecture interchange language d garlan  1996.0 
the voice of the shuttle : religious studies a liu santa barbara ca : university of california santa barbara  
seamless integration of time into sql mh bohlen cs jensen submitted to acm transactions on database systems december 1996.0 
somatic embryogenesis of cyclaman persicum mill . in bioreactors . comb ak hvoslef-eide c munster proc . int . plant prop  
3-d seismic imaging b biondi   
estimating the number of clusters in a dataset via the gap statistic g statistic r tibshirani g walther t hastie  2000.0 
an ideal model for recursive polymorphic types d macqueen g plotkin r sethi proceedings of the 11th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
the influence of size and life cycle duration of a lunar base on its logistics cost hh koelle technical university berlin ilr mitt  
decision-making over the project life cycle : an analytical hierarchy approach sa mian cx dai project management journal 1999.0 
casus-an object-oriented three-dimensional animation system for event-oriented simulators to be v luckas t broll n. magnenat-thalmann d. thalmann : proceedings of computer  
external perfect hashing pa larson mv ramakrishna proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1985.0 
did welfare reform have an effect : an analysis of entry exits and employment in philadelphia . c michalopoulos ls richburg-hayes new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
rapid sociocultural change and high blood pressure am ostfeld da d'atri see ref  
acm multimedia '94 conference workshop on multimedia database management systems pb berra sigmod record 1995.0 
hardware/software co-design g de micheli rk gupta proceedings-ieee 1997.0 
terminal-terminal handler commands european informatics network p schicker ein/zhr/75 / 18 zurich  
off the beaten path : some creative approaches to adult learning mc clark new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
h. and ps yu . clustering by pattern similarity in large data sets h wang proc . the acm sigmod international conference on management  
design of autonomous parvovirus vectors for tumor cell-targeted gene therapy : a functional f dupontâ ? ¦   
performance of data-parallel spatial operations eg hoel h samet proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
craze g.-a . & watt i. ( 1981 ) . j. chem . soc . perkin trans . 2 pp. 175-184 . ermer o. mason sa rv cernik acc . chem .  
digital communications : new directions in switching and networks t soejima h yamashita h kuwahara proc . mt. sew . zurich switzerland march  
emergency medicine educational objectives for the undifferentiated physician as taylor journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
challenges and trends in processor design : challenges not roadblocks e killian ieee computer  
unit tests mit java 2002 dpunkt . verlag j link   
13-cis retinoic acid and all-trans retinoic acid in the regulation of the proliferation and survival e czeczuga-semeniuk s wolczynski j dzieciol m cellular and molecular biology letters 2001.0 
a comparison of physiotherapy techniques for patients with parkinsonâ ?? s disease kh deane d jones c ellis-hill ce clarke ed cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
temporal support in database management systems g introduction p statement   
ne \ \ gtrace-a graphical traceroute tool. '' r periakaruppan usenix lisa ( seattle washington usa ) novembeer  
database research at bilkent university ã ? ulusoy sigmod record 2005.0 
the impact of public institutions on regional income ; upstate medical center as a case in point cl moore economic geography 1974.0 
efficient low-degree interconnection networks for parallel processing : topologies algorithms vlsi ch yeh   
an online video placement policy based on bandwidth to space ( bsr ) a dan d sitaram proceedings of acm  
dimensions of a theory of information flow j du bois s thompson & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa barbara  
summary of the symposium '' smoking in focus '' on april 29/30th 1976 p isenring zurich/switzerland . zurich : gottlieb duttweiler-institute  
estimate of the attentuation of x-rays by ultradispersed media va artemâ ?? ev ni sokolovskii at .  
bureaucratic structure and economic performance in less developed countries j rauch p evans uc san diego  
specific sexual fantasy themes : a multidimensional study wb arndt jc foehl fe good journal of personality and social psychology  
university of washington j felsenstein seattle washington  
towards fault-tolerant and secure agentry fb schneider lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
data management in an international data grid project w hoschek j jaen-martinez a samar h stockinger lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
unified ip networks k blakey s gregson m mulvey bt technology journal 2000.0 
molekulare analyse des sexpeptidgens aus drosophila melanogaster d styger  1992.0 
crazy mistakes 1993 edition jc dvorak pc magazine 1993.0 
transformation from html to xml : methodology and tools l bishay jw rahayu d taniar submitted for publication  
a password authentication scheme based upon rabinâ ?? s public-key cryptosystem cc chang lh wu proc . int . conf . systems  
cost of uncertainty about controlled objects olr jacobs   
a guide through the vatican caves : a study of the structure of '' les caves du vatican '' ma geracht wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
wake on wireless : an event driven power management strategy e shih p bahl m sinclair proc . acm mobicom  
incremental computation and maintenance of temporal aggregates '' ( full version ) techreport j yang j widom  2000.0 
quality in the classroom : classroom assessment techniques as tqm e soetaert new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
color colored quarks quantum chromodynamics an tavkhelidze proc . int . sem .  
myocardial infarction in british white and asian adults : their health beliefs and health practices p laungani d sookhoo 4th european congress of psychology athens greece  
ultimate disposal of liquid wastes by chemical fixation jr conner proc . 29th annual purdue industrial waste conference  
thermal comfort in passive solar buildings hn knudsen rj de dear jw ring tl li tw technical university of denmark  
musical atmospheric disturbances tl eckersley phil .  
boston metropatterns : a regional agenda for community stability in greater boston . m orfieldâ ? ¦ metropolitan area research corporation  
section 1â ?? field investigation u gã 1/4 ã § lã ¹ investigations on july 22 1967 mudurnu valley earthquake 1969.0 
territoriality on the shankill-falls divide belfast fw boal irish geography  
gloss to vectorspace databases and broker hierarchies glgmh generalizing proc . of very large database conference zurich . switzerland  
function decomposition in machine learning b zupan i bratko m bohanec j demsar   
beyond market baskets : generalizing association rules to correlations b sergey m rajeev s craig proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
the challenge of serving teenage mothers : lessons from project redirection df polit  1988.0 
netra : a toolbox for navigating large image databases ieee int ' l conf wy ma bs manjunath image process. santa barbara california  
lightning induced voltages on distribution lines close to buildings a piantini jm janiszewski proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference on  
a tool for modular database design l tucherman al furtado ma casanova vldb 1985.0 
editor 's notes tw banta implementing outcomes assessment : promise and perils . new & hellip ;  
development and evaluation of a hybrid piezoelectric actuator for advanced flap control technology p jaenker v kloeppel f hermle s storm m european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
thermal convection in a magnetic field wb thompson phil . mag  
steering controllable systems '' rm murray ss sastry proc . 29th ieee cdc honolulu hawaii dec  
escrow '' hostages '' and cooperation cz qin   
self-assembled monolayers of thiols thin films vol . 24 a ulman san diego : academic  
computation hierarchy for in-network processing r kumar v tsiatsis mb srivastava   
hmm speech recognition using polyphone clustering decision trees '' j fritsch m finke a waibel cdh hme procs icassp  
modeling dna transition using markov random network j white j chen j wang kjr liu submitted for  
vocal cord dysfunction mimicking a severe asthma attack jm wolfe bm meth journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
magnetic bubble technology ah eschenfelder  1980.0 
rescue at sea ! pull-out 2 . d nesbitt social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
typing unicode characters from the keyboard c petzold pc magazine  
tutors and small groups in problem-based learning : lessons from the literature l wilkerson new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
structure and function of novel engineered thin films dy takamoto  1999.0 
social service organizations and welfare reform bl fink r widom   
when ego threats lead to self-regulation failure : negative consequences of high self-esteem rf baumeister tf heatherton dm tice journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
characterization of the interface energetics for n-type cadmium selenide/non-aqueous electrolyte a aruchamy ja bruce s tanaka ms wrighton interim technical report massachusetts inst . of tech. & hellip ; 1982.0 
the compass search engine for unified ranked retrieval of heterogenous xml and web data j graupmann m biwer c zimmer c zimmer m bender proceedings of the 30th vldb conference toronto canada  
distribution parallelism and availability in nonstop sql p celis proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
introduction to information architects rs wurman  1996.0 
an analysis pattern for reservation and use of entities eb fernandez x yuan procs . of pattern languages  
optimization of query streams using semantic prefetching it bowman k salem proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
methyl bromide in perspective n price see ref  
instrumental methods of chemical analysis c gurdeep a sham  1990.0 
windowsnt 3.5 r cowart  1995.0 
schema mapping as query discovery m hernandez r miller l haas proc . sigmod conf. page  
the qbic project : querying images by content using color texture and shape r research report w niblack r barber w equizâ ? ¦ ibm almaden research center san jose ca  
optical tuning of cpw inp mmic oscilla-tor by illumination from back side of substrate using 1.5 pm h shiomi s kawasaki k matsugatani proc . of 28th european microwave conf. belgium  
3-d crustal structure in southwestern china ww chan cy wang wd mooney   
ther oo7 bechmark m carey d dewitt j naughton proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod conference  
freemmg : a hybrid peer-to-peer and client-server model for massively multiplayer games fr cecin r de oliveira jannone cfr geyer mg proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004.0 
gain : child care in a welfare employment initiative : california 's greater avenues for independence ( k martinson ja riccio  1989.0 
adult learners and internet-based distance education dv eastmond new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
knowledge-directed learning using multiple levels of pattern description em soloway university of massachusetts coins technical  
similarity based retrieval of pictures using indices on spatial relationships a prasad sistla c yu c liu k liu proc . 1995vldb conference zurich switzerland  
intersection syndrome : a case report and review of the literature-diagnosis and operative treatment dp hanlon jr luellen journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
dynamat : a dynamic view management system for data warehouse y kotodis n roussopoulos proceedings of the acm sigmod  
us leads in online privacy disclosure j cline computerworld  
conceptual modeling and specification generation for b2b business process based on ebxml . hd kim sigmod record 2002.0 
pull for data broadcast s acharya m franklin s zdonik b push proc . acm sigmod conf. tucson az may  
fourier principles for emotion-based human figure animation m umuma k anjyo r takeuchi proceedings of acm  
applying parametric query optimization to non-parametric query metrics vrls vadali  2001.0 
teledemocracy in local government rt watson s akselsen b evjemo n aarsaether communications-acm 1999.0 
two-stage identification of interconnected steady-state systems with cascade structure : a parametric z hasiewicz applied mathematics and computer science 1997.0 
university courses m campbell-kelly history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
sqlem : fast clustering in sql using the em algorithm c ordonez   
abstract interpretation of reactive systems d dams r gerth o grumberg acm transactions on programming languages and systems ( & hellip ; 1997.0 
empirical study of software maintenance m van genuchten g brethouwer t van den boomen f information and software technology 1992.0 
growth curve analyses : a potential measure of the effects of environmental stress upon wildlife tt fendley il brisbin jr proc . int . game biol  
level-set approach for stereo r deriche c bouvin od faugeras proceedings of spie 1997.0 
theoretical and empirical results in program testing t budd r demillo r lipton f sayward proc . 9th acm popl january  
the effects of marijuana on human physical aggression r myerscough s taylor journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
analytics on demand : the zero latency enterprise c white intelligent enterprise-san mateo - 2001.0 
interpolation and decimation of digital signals - a tutorial review re crochiere lr rabiner ieee proceedings 1981.0 
watermarking relational data : framework algorithms and analysis r agrawal pj haas j kiernan the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
changes in the region of the choriocapillaris in ageing and degeneration shimizu k oosterhuis j sh sarks proceedings of the 23rd concilium ophthalmologicum kyoto & hellip ;  
a model for personality and emotion simulation a egges s kshirsagar n magnenat-thalmann lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
d. kossmann . el wimmers . and j. yang . optimizing queries across diverse data sources l haas proceedings of international conference on very large  
reproductive effort and t-lymphocyte cell-mediated immuno-competence in female pied flycatchers j moreno jj sanz e arriero proceedings : biological sciences 1999.0 
changes of extracellular potassium concentration in the cortex and brain stem during the acute phase h takahashi s manaka k sano no to shinkei 1981.0 
a strategic approach to software protection o shy jf thisse computerworld 1986.0 
velocity relation : satisfaction as a function of the first derivative of outcome over time ck hsee rp abelson journal of personality and social psychology  
introduction to constraint databases b kuijpers acm sigmod record 2002.0 
inc undated promotional brochure titled small arms firing range management : comprehensive em tetra tech distributed at  
transaction models and architectures kluwer aca - p faculty w jajodia v scholar c bettini acm sigmod record 1997.0 
origin of vacancy loops observed in pure and impure aluminum irradiated by fast neutrons a risbet v levy phil . mag. 1975.0 
twine f. hall and p. sellers . cd-rom . nasa 2000 . unclassifiedâ ?? unlimited subject category : 43 t strub   
the outsider : prejudice group conflict and politics in modern italy pm sniderman a schizzerotto t piazza p peri unpublished manuscript  
semantic web languages for policy representation and reasoning : a comparison of kaos rei and g tonti jm bradshaw r jeffers r montanari n lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
mehrotra . 2001 . locally adaptive dimensionality reduction for indexing large time series databases e keogh k chakrabarti m pazzani proceedings of 2001 acm sigmod international conference on  
life-threatening luminal obstruction due to mucous plugging in chronic tracheostomies : three case bh rowe j rampton gw bota journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
development of measles virus as a vector : expression of green fluorescent protein from different l hangartner  1997.0 
processing queries with quantifiers a horticultural approach u dayal proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
improving the consistency of conditional probability assessments for forecasting and decision making h moskowitz rk sarin management science 1983.0 
issues in network management in the next millennium ml brodie s chaudhuri proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
research issues in automatic database clustering s guinepain acm sigmod record 2005.0 
adaptive webview materialization a labrinidis n roussopoulos   
cultivating component selfefficacy and intrinsic interest through proximal selfmotivation a bandura dh schunk  1981.0 
a database interface for files update . to appear : s abiteboul s cluet t milo proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
selective molecular recognition ch bond activation and catalysis in nanoscale reaction vessels d fiedler dh leung rg bergman kn raymond acc . chem . res 2005.0 
incomplete information in relational databases t imieliã?nski w lipski j. acm  
negotiation training and interpersonal development : an exploratory study of early adolescents in mj nakkula ce nikitopoulos adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?macaw : a media access protocol for wireless lansã cents â ? ¬ â ? v bharghavan a demers s shenker l zhang proceedings of acm  
draft flux and sources of nutrients in the mississippi-atchafalaya river basin . topic 3 gulf of da goolsby wa battaglin gb lawrence rs artz bt   
cytoplasmic contractile elements in glomerular cells pm andrews ak coffey fed proc 1983.0 
a method for improving automatic word categorization ee korkmaz  1997.0 
dart/hyess users guide jh friedman   
pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of fk 506 in pediatric patients receiving living-related donor m yasuhara t hashida m toraguchi y hashimoto transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
67 821â ± 828 ; d ) gr desiraju ad hamilton j chem acc . chem . res  
caim discretization algorithm la kurgan kj cios ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
a logic for quantum circuits and protocols m patra submitted for publication  
patches of different types for carotid patch angioplasty c counsell c warlow r naylor cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
ontology-aware xml queries m erdmann s decker   
happiness is everything or is it ? explorations on the meaning of psychological well-being cd ryff journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
fashioning a foundation for the computing profession n holmes   
aspect : a formal specification languagefor detecting bugs d jackson mit/lcs/tr -543 mit laboratory for computer science june  
multivalueddependencieswithnullvaluesinrelationaldatabases e lien proc . 5th int . conf . very large data bases  
the virtual video browser in mosaic ( demonstration ) d venkatesh tdc little proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
youssefi ( 1976 ) '' e wong decomposition-a strategy for query processing '' acm  
politics on the nets : wiring the political process w rash   
margaret mackintosh p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
graded lexical activation in cross-modal semantic priming : spreading of activation backward priming j bã ¶ lte proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the cognitive & hellip ;  
reference model for dbms user facility j gersting k kinsley n mcdonald j north m acm sigmod record 1988.0 
plasma leptin and insulin relationships in obese and nonobese humans s dagogo-jack c fanelli d paramore j brothers diabetes-new  
enhancing faculty vitality through collaboration among colleagues . nr wylie jw fuller new directions for higher education 1985.0 
reliable computing systems b randell lecture notes in computer science 1978.0 
seiq : a fast and scalable classifier for data mining [ r ] m mehta r agrawal j rissanen ibm almaden research center  
interoperability of data parallel runtime libraries g edjlali a sussman j saltz   
garcia-molina . comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems . 7 b yang proceedings of very large databases  
histamine immunohistochemistry : a new and highly sensitive method for studying cutaneous mast cells o johansson m virtanen m hilliges q yang the histochemical journal 1992.0 
virtual io : preemptible disk access z dimitrijeviä ? e chang proceedings of the tenth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2002.0 
graft coronary disease : the lesions and the patients me billingham transplant proc 1989.0 
structure activity relationship with respect to antiinflammatory activity in a series of curcumin a mukhopadhyay n basu n ghatak kp singh pk proc int union physiol sci  
supplemental instruction sessions in college algebra and calculus sl burmeister jm carter lr hockenberger pa new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
second thoughts on the teaching of contemporary literatures h gregory wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1964.0 
experimental status of electroweak interactions a blondel   
communication complexity ch papadimitriou m sipser proceedings of the fourteenth annual acm symposium on theory & hellip ; 1982.0 
a search for rare b meson decays at the cern proton-antiproton collider ( abstract only ) c albajar r kinnunen j tuominiemi v karimaki m oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource bt technology journal pj sheppard gr walker bt technology journal 1997.0 
rainbow : multi-xquery optimization using materialized xml views x zhang k dimitrova l wang m el sayed b murphy proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2003.0 
inorganic reaction mechanisms meeting mj hynes athens greece  
recovering binary class relationships : putting icing on the uml cake yg gueheneuc h albin-amiot   
toward an â ?? interferenceâ ?? model of student learning in medicine paper presented at the 7th jhf meyer eg cleary  1997.0 
on computing correlated aggregates over continual data streams databases j gehrke f korn d srivastava proc . of the 2001 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of  
personal involvement as a determinant of argument-based persuasion re petty jt cacioppo r goldman journal of personality and social psychology  
spartina workshop record : seattle washington november 14-15 1990 tf mumford  1991.0 
the gdl cookbook d nicholson-cole   
out of bedlam : management by quality leadership f price management decision  
application of the sdc optimal control algorithm to low-thrust escape and capture including fourth - gj whiffen ja sims proceedings of the 2 '' d international symposium on low & hellip ;  
itu-t standardization activities for interactive multimedia communications on packet-based networks : j toga j ott  1999.0 
a ( 1998 ) . perceptually based adaptive sampling algorithm mr bolin gw meyer proc . of acm siggraph  
jh : content integration for e-business m stonebraker acm sigmod  
mac graw hill 2001 j rojo   
tissue adhesive wound repair revisited jp noordzij pa foresman gt rodeheaver jv quinn journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
genjam : a ga for generating jazz solos ja biles proc . int . computer music conf  
hardware implementation of phong shading using spherical interpolation am abbas l szirmay-kalos t horvath periodica polytechnica electrical engineering 2000.0 
context-based adult learning ca hansman new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
horizontal decomposition to improve a non-bcnf scheme al furtado acm sigmod record 1981.0 
an overview of natural hazard zoning with special reference to avalanches j hopf proceedings of the anniversary conference for the 25 years & hellip ;  
super chip is the first to get the cable modem down to size p mcgoldrick electronic design  
programming windows : the microsoft guide to writing applications for windows 3 c pretzold  1990.0 
in search of excellence : lessons from americaâ ?? s best-run companies tj peters rh waterman   
the datacycle architecture for very large high throughput database systems g herman g gopal k lee a weinrib proc . acm sigmod conf  
towards basic nursing information in patient records m ehnfors i thorell-ekstrand a ehrenberg   
storage and retrieval of xml documents using object-relational databases t shimura m yoshikawa s uemura   
ocular pharmacokinetics dm maurice s mishima pharmacology of the eye 1984.0 
where do the rural elderly obtain their primary care lg hart ra rosenblatt dm lishner h friedman lm seattle washington : wwami rural health research center in  
key strategy and coordination problem c wen h bin z yingli y chunyan & hellip ; of the 3rd international conference on management . beijing : & hellip ;  
the extremal function for kâ ?? 8 minors zx song   
microsoft . com : a high-scale data management and transaction processing solution proc s kennamer acm sigmod  
diva : exploratory data analysis with multimedia streams we mackay m beaudouin-lafon   
statistical year book ds yearbook athens greece : hellenic republic national statistical & hellip ;  
voice garden b reiser h reiser b fleming proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
e. ] 8 . crellin and m. 13evls p allan phil . mag  
synthesis of nonequidistant antenna arrays in problems of signal separation according to direction iui abramovich bg danilov radiotekhnika i elektronika 1975.0 
algorithms for loading parallel grid files j li d rotem j srivastava proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
advanced techniques for microstructural characterization r krishnan tr anantharaman cs pande op arora bombay india 11-13 jan. 1988 1988.0 
curative surgery for obstruction from primary left colorectal carcinoma : primary or staged resection gl de salvo c gava s pucciarelli m lise cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
similarity measures for automated comparison of in silico and in vitro experimental results gep ropella da nag ca hunt   
proof nets garbage and computations 1996 s guerrini s martini a masini submitted for  
fads - a form application development system la rowe ka shoens sigmod conference  
processing xml in ldap and its application to caching pj marron phd thesis universitat freiburg october  
through the labyrinth evolution finds a way : a silicon ridge i harvey a thompson lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
predicting academic performance of college students in the united states and in estonia . s ransdell cm hawkins r adams international journal of educational research 2001.0 
on dynamic measures of risk j cvitanic i karatzas finance and stochastics 1999.0 
water and human health fe mcjunkin   
streamit : a language for streaming applications w thies m karczmarek s amarasinghe lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
e graziadio thaãse ( 1997a ) - an alternative framework for the strategic planning of stable pa zawislak lf nascimento & hellip ; international conference on management of technology mot  
two cases of methemoglobinemia from the use of topical anesthetics g carlson e negri a mcgrew b plaisier journal of emergency nursing 2003.0 
ea leren etaleren h bergen   
mitsubishi pleads no contest to trade secret theft charges . j beeler computerworld. 1983.0 
efficient proofs that a committed number lies in an interval f boudot lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
conference report : the future of german teaching . british and european perspectives on the i wanner journal of european area studies 2001.0 
monetary policy trade-offs in the open economy ce walsh unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
introduction : development theory and environment in an age of market triumphalism r peet m watts economic geography 1993.0 
maintenance of stratified databases viewed as a belief revision system k apt jm pugin proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
kidney involvement in anderson-fabry disease m meroni a sessa g battini s tazzari l torri contributions to nephrology 1997.0 
physical and computational aspects of convective heat transfer t cebeci p bradshaw  1984.0 
maine . the demonstration of state work/welfare initiatives . final report on the training p auspos  1988.0 
cnn/si challenges espn site . ' r shaw electronic media  
the modelling phase of jsd . jr cameron information and software technology 1988.0 
chances of death k pearson london i  
routing explicit side information for data compression in wireless sensor networks h luo g pottie   
regularity is decidable for normed bpa and normed bpp processes in polynomial time a kucera proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ; 1996.0 
performance requirements for the transport of mpeg video streams over atm networks '' in 1995 ieee t han l orozco-barbosa seattle  
design performance and cost of energy from high concentration and at plate utility scale wj stolte ra whisnant cr mcgowin proceedings of the 23rd ieee photovoltaic specialist & hellip ;  
learning from experience : managerial interpretations of past and future information technologies ll martins a kambil   
modern database systems w kimâ ? ¦  1995.0 
moviemakers at work d chell microsoft  
emotion-based music recommendation by association discovery from film music ff kuo mf chiang mk shan sy lee proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
the economics of certificate programs jh robinson new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
third normal form made easy b salzberg acm sigmod record 1986.0 
maritime surveillance radar . part 1 : radar scattering from the ocean surface kd ward cj baker s watts iee proceedings 1990.0 
hints on test data selection : help for the practicing programmer a richard ieee computer  
non-perturbative aspects of supersymmetric gauge theories and string theory jm pierre   
constructive approximation for a class of perturbed hammerstein integral equations december 1997 a sommariva m vianello   
survey of pain attitudes mp jensen p karoly & hellip ; manuscript . university of washington seattle washington  
by josh bloch published by addison wesley 2001 e java   
introducing xml/edi frameworks dr webber   
temporal conditions and integrity constraints in active database systems ap sistla o wolfson sigmod conference 1995.0 
concluding comments : laptop learning communities dg brown new directions for teaching and learning 2005.0 
advanced signal processing algorithms a reilly b boashash san  
remote sensing applications in hydrology and water resources management h haefner ah schumann  1992.0 
view integration and cooperation in databases data warehouses and web information systems h ma kd schewe b thalheim j zhao   
social facilitation and inhibition of emotional expression and communication r buck ji losow mm murphy p costanzo journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
am b. whelan mj and hirsch pb 1967 gr booker amb shaw phil . mag  
towards a self-adapting centralized concurrency control algorithm '' acm sigmod int h boral i gold conf . on management of data boston ma may  
experiments on galvanic electricity w nicholson a carlisle w cruickshank phil . mag  
tapping mode imaging applications and technology cb prater pg maivald   
the present state of ecg data processing . what has been accomplished in thirty years ? hv pipberger acm press history series 1990.0 
wise-integrator : an automatic integrator of web search interfaces for e-commerce h he w meng c yu z wu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
eight general ledgers for small business s yoder s knight pc magazine  
contextual models of urban house prices : a comparison of fixed-and random-coefficient models k jones n bullen economic geography 1994.0 
the effects of cognitive incongruity upon encoding behavior lc barrow  1960.0 
performance analysis of a forwarding scheme for handoff in hawaii c blondia o casals l cerda g willems lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
an adaptive congestion control scheme for real-time packet video transport '' k hemant p mishra a reibman proc . acm sigcom  
case marking and subject extraction in danish b ã?rsnes   
business implications of web technology d chatterjee v sambamurthy electronic markets 1999.0 
foundations of differential geometry . vol . i. j s kobayashi k nomizu new york  
specific immunotherapy in asthma j bousquet fb michel allergy proceedings 1994.0 
semantic segmentation of videophone image sequences pjl van beek mjt reinders b sankur jca van der proceedings of spie 1992.0 
attention span distractibility and inhibitory potential of good and poor readers . rw birch  1967.0 
perspectives for electronic books in the world wide web age f bry electronic library 2002.0 
the settling behavior of marine algal spores d coon m neushul ac charters proc . int . seaweed symp  
a simpler iterative solution to the towers of hanoi problem wr franklin acm sigplan notices 1984.0 
relaxed balancing made simple t ottmann e soisalon-soininen unpublished manuscript 1996.0 
on the strategy space of multi-way join query optimization [ j ] kl tan h lu sigmod record  
hampton court ghosts i franklin unpublished manuscript  
generic wrappers m buchi w weck lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
a multicast control scheme for parallel software-only video effects processing k patel la rowe proceedings of acm  
a simplified universal relauon assumption and its propertles r fagxn ao meudelzon jd ullman acm trans . database syst  
mocha : a self-extensible database middleware system for distributed data sources m rodriguez   
fire dynamics simulatorâ ?? technical reference guide version 2 . nistir 6783 national institute of kb mcgrattan gp forney j floyd md  
knowledge management : some â ?? thereâ ?? there j gantz computerworld  
time analysis of consult service emergency department admission process compared with emergency g quick journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
atomicity versus anonymity : distributed transaction for electronic commerce ( invited talks ) [ c i. in : jd tygar proceedings of the 24th annual international conference on & hellip ;  
interleukin-6 ( il-6 ) as an anti-inflammatory cytokine : induction of circulating il-1 receptor h tilg e trehu mb atkins ca dinarello   
theory h bass k algebraic new york  
the human lysyl oxidase-like gene maps between sts markers d15s215 and ghlc . gct7c09 on chromosome z szabã ³ e light cd boyd k csiszã ¡ r human genetics 1997.0 
software development productivity and back-end case tools gc low dr jeffery information and software technology 1991.0 
dec. 1998 . â ?? the asilomar report on database researchâ ?? p bernsteinâ ? ¦ acm sigmod  
pid autotuning algorithm based on relay feedback a leva   
suppressing marginal cells to protect sensitive information in a two-dimensional statistical table ( fm malvestuto m moscarini m rafanelli proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1991.0 
biochemistry of hemostasis in bhagavan 4th edition 840-872 nv medical biochemistry academic press cm jackson san diego  
improving reverse engineering models with test-case related knowledge p benedusi information and software technology  
new demands for invehicle networks m krug av schedl   
research issues in databases for arcs : active rapidly changing data systems a datta sigmod record 1994.0 
reconstitute a 5 ml bottle ( bacto # 211796 difco or equivalent ) with sterile double distilled de - g phytohemagglutinin aliquot  
the power under the hood ; preview : windows nt . b ezzell pc  
ismaning 1997 c wiemer d eggers g neuf h hã ¶ rverstehen   
yield stress and wall slip phenomena in colloidal silica gels hj walls sb caines am sanchez sa khan   
modern food microbiology jm jay   
preliminary design review : pca integrated radar-tracker application jm lebak & hellip ; of technology lincoln laboratory technical report pca-irt-1  
'' lysbet and the fire kittens '' : a historical inquiry . bml bisland social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
campop jj enck wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
constraints on null values m relational databases '' bs goldstem proc seventh vldb conf  
implementation of the wireless atm access terminal j ala-laurila j lemilainen computer networks 1999.0 
experience with the 3-phenylpropionic acid loading test for diagnosis of medium-chain acyl-coa w lehnert padiatrie und padologie 1993.0 
on physical lines of force . part i. the theory of molecular vortices applied to magnetic phenomena jc maxwell phil . mag  
taxonomies by the numbers : building high-performance taxonomies sc gates w teiken ksf cheng proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
pitch predictors with high temporal resolution p kroon bs atal   
institutional evolution and change : environmentalism and the us chemical industry aj hoffman the academy of management journal 1999.0 
integrating speech with keypad input for automatic entry of spelling and pronunciation of new words g chung s seneff   
preparing future educators to support inclusion : college studentsâ ?? attitudes following pre - ej shier  2002.0 
the r * - tree : an efficient androbust access method for pointsandrectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger acm-sigmod  
h. lu . h-tree-a dynamic associative search index for oodb c low b ooi proceedings of the acm sigmod international  
simon & schuster j marx   
efficient processing of regular path joins using pid j kim hj kim information and software technology 2003.0 
snapshot of e-commerce 's opportunities and threats yvoa saanen electronic markets 1999.0 
the cql continuous query language : semantic foundations and query execution a arasu s babu j widom the vldb journal 2005.0 
the twin towers : a remote sensing device for controlling live-interactive computer music l tarabella g bertini t sabbatini procs  
application and database design - putting if off cj shaw sigmod record  
us-mexican border environment : a road map to a sustainable . p ganster   
copy detection mechanismsfor digital documents s brin j davis h garcia-molina proceedings of the acm special interest group on management & hellip ;  
software reusability 1989 tj biggerstaff aj perlis acm press : new  
a first order interval logic z chaochen mr hansen unpublished manuscript  
a cultural perspective on communication and governance wg tierney jt minor new directions for higher education 2004.0 
an xml-enabled association rule framework l feng t dillon h weigand e chang lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
the oregon prototype metropolitan land use model p waddell   
a martingale framework for concept change detection in time-varying data streams ss ho   
supporting gi standards with a model-driven architecture r groenmo   
energy-conscious compilation based on voltage scaling h saputra m kandemir n vijaykrishnan mj irwin   
spontaneous esophageal perforation presenting with right-sided pleural effusion f levy wk mysko gd kelen journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
the influence of multimedia on learning : a cognitive study a large j beheshti a breuleux a renaud proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
social roles and their descriptions c masolo l vieu e bottazzi c catenacci r   
recursive approach to optimal control problem of multiarea electric energy system j momoh   
learning how to share gh anthes computerworld  
an approach to type design and text composition in indian scripts ( with a preface by donald e. knuth pk ghosh technical report stan-cs-83-965 stanford university stanford  
the eden transaction-based le system wh jessop jd nee dm jacobsen jl baer c pu   
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing c faloutsos ki lin data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia & hellip ;  
flexible connection rerouting for connection-oriented mobile communication networks m song y choi c kim computer  
what can we do to strengthen the connection between theory and system builders ( panel ) a rosenthal proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
research in information managment at dublin city university m roantree af smeaton acm sigmod record 2002.0 
a buyerâ ?? s market : jobs abound for is professionals with the right skills s alexander computerworld  
learning ontologies from rdf annotations in : proceedings of the ijcai workshop on ontology learning a deitel c faron r dieng seattle washington  
when does an asp pay off ? m netto   
transaction support in read optimized and write optimized file systems mi seltzer m stonebraker vldb 1990.0 
methotrexate for rheumatoid arthritis me suarez-almazor e belseck b shea g wells p cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
user-optimizer communication using abstract plans in sybase ase m andrei proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
inhibition of flavonoid biosynthesis by gibberellic acid in cell suspension cultures of daucus w hinderer m petersen hu seitz planta 1984.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?design patterns in object-oriented frameworksã cents â ? ¬ â ? s srinivasan ieee computer  
tsql2 language specification a segev md soo sm sripada acm sigmod  
radio wave scintillations in the ionosphere kc yeh ch liu ieee proceedings 1982.0 
evolving a model of transaction management with embedded concurrency control for mobile database s bhalla information and software technology 2003.0 
bronchodilators for the prevention and treatment of chronic lung disease in preterm infants gy ng a ohlsson cochrane database syst rev  
biological recovery versus desertization hn le houerou economic geography 1977.0 
failure to recognize the effect of implicit social influence on the presentation of self jd vorauer dt miller journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
lectures on polyhedral topology tata institute of fundamental research jr stallings bombay india  
handwritten digit recognition via deformable prototypes t hastie r tibshirani unpublished manuscript 1993.0 
mining the world wide web : an information search approach by george chang marcus j. healey ( editor ) a ouksel acm sigmod record 2002.0 
glossary b myers d maulsby watch what i do : programming by demonstration  
kung . information exchange in wireless networks with network coding and physical-layer broadcast c wu technical report msrtr-2004-78 microsoft technical report aug. .  
unisql 's next-generation object-relational o foundation sigmod record 1996.0 
hyperbolic systems o veres   
adaptation on rugged landscapes da levinthal management science 1997.0 
towaxds a cooperative transaction model -- the cooperative activity model m rnsinkiewicz w klasâ ? ¦ proc . int . conf . very large data bases dayal u gray p & hellip ;  
building dynamic application networks with web services m mihic proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
independent and cumulative yields of neutron-rich nuclei in symmetric fission induced by p and d on m leino pp jauho j aysto p decrock p dendooven oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
d. billsus â ?? gl webb mj pazzani machine learning for user modeling user modeling and user - & hellip ;  
flexible buffer allocation based on marginal gains r ng c faloutsos t sellis proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1991.0 
expressive writing and coping with job loss sp spera ed buhrfeind jw pennebaker the academy of management journal 1994.0 
software infrastructure for ubiquitous computing environments : supporting synchronous collaboration p tandler lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
event specification in an active object-oriented database nh gehani hv jagadish o shmueli   
ratio rules : a new paradigm for fast quantifiable data mining f korn a labrinidis y kotidis c faloutsos vldb 1998.0 
interpolation of missing samples for audio restoration wj fitzgerald electronic letters 1994.0 
the franklin pierce plan st dangelantonio new directions for higher education 2004.0 
3d analog-to-digital converter e basha k butler p griffin technical report massachusetts institute of technology course  
gastric volvulus : two cases and a review of the literature lw milne jj hunter js anshus p rosen journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
a simplex based algorithm to solve separated continuous linear programs g weiss unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
syynx solutions : practical knowledge management in a medical environment c herzog g liuzzi m diwersy proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
extending logic programming e laenens   
database access characterization for buffer hit prediction a dan ps yu jy chung   
selectivity estimationinspatial databases s acharya v poosala s ramaswamy proc . acm sigmod  
some sikp-complete set cover problems wj masek  1978.0 
extensible query processing in starburst lm haas jc freytag gm lohman h pirahesh   
guest editor 's introduction : visualization ae kaufman computer 1994.0 
characterizing bar line-of-sight graphs sk wismath   
a multi-level architecture for relational data base systems ha schmid pa bernstein vldb 1975.0 
incomplete information in relational temporal databases sk gadia ss nair yc poon proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
new yonk : random house u american   
supercooled liquid bulk glassy and nanocrystalline states of alloys aa kundig jf lofller wl johnson mrs sym .  
hulvey and perkins d daniels phil . mag  
interpersonal and intrapsychic adaptiveness of trait self-enhancement : a mixed blessing ? dl paulhus journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
the central role of mathematical logic in computer science j paul myers jr   
refers to a â ?? language minority student whose english proficiency is below that of grade or her lep technically   
de la jr avault jw jr & smitherman ro ( 1969 ) effects of soil and water hardness on survival and l bretonne jr proceedings of the 23rd annual  
on the construction of a general numerical tyre shear force model from limited data rs sharp m bettella   
middleware based data replication providing snapshot isolation y lin b kemme   
anticytoplasmic antibodies in wegenerâ ?? s granulomatosis wl gross g kiefer h lehmann lancet i 1986.0 
a hybrid protocol for scalable application-level multicast in peer-to-peer systems r zhang ych borg proceedings of acm nossdav  
data structuring in the ddl and relational data model gm nijssen ifip working conference data base management  
supporting real-time applications in an inlegrated services packet network : architecture and dc ii s shenker l zhang proc . acm sigcomm  
nonlinear dynamics of two types of network with intelligent nodes p de wilde bt technology journal  
a structural analysis of resource allocation negotiations and implications for negotiation support jl mumpower ta darling proceedings of the 24th annual hawaii international & hellip ;  
sql : 1999 formerly known as sql3 j melton a eisenberg sigmod record  
cytology of burkittâ ?? s lymphoma ( african lymphoma ) rjv pulvertaft lancet i  
the space of kahler metrics e calabi proc . int . congr . math . amsterdam  
the aftermarket performance of initial public offerings in latin america r aggarwal r leal l hernandez   
applications of murphyâ ?? s elements p diaconis c greene technical report 335 dept. of statistics stanford university  
knowledge-based approach to jpeg acceleration k froitzheim h wolf proc spie 1995.0 
asynchronous nested transactions for mult-tier applications r karoui m saheb   
primary aortoenteric fistula in the emergency department fl mirarchi md scheatzle rj mitre journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
intelligentpad as meme media and its application to multimedia databases y tanaka information and software technology 1996.0 
erin and v. peris quality-of-service in packet networks : basic mechanisms and directions r guã ? computer networks  
determining when a structure is a nested relation pc fischer vldb 1985.0 
pre-operative endometrial thinning agents before hysteroscopic surgery for heavy menstrual bleeding mc sowter aa singla a lethaby cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
clarisworks has a document approach g keizer pc magazine 1993.0 
collaborative ontology construction for integration a farquhar r fikes w pratt j rice technical report knowledge systems laboratory stanford  
forthcoming urban growth as poverty alleviation in bolivia goâ ?? hare m barke   
building partnerships with governments : the experience of the lyndon b. johnson school of public m sherman mp duncan new directions for higher education 2000.0 
line-of-sight wave propagation through the turbulent atmosphere jw strohbehn proc . ieee  
spec2000 : measuring cpu performance in the new millenium j henning ieee computer  
apj pb hall sf anderson ma strauss dg york gt  2002.0 
self-stabilizing real-time ops 5 production systems amk cheng s fujii ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
ischeduleâ ?? an optimisation tool-kit based on heuristic search to solve bt scheduling problems r dorne c voudouris a liret c ladde d lesaint bt technology journal 2003.0 
moving up the food chain : supporting e-commerce applications on databases a jhingran sigmod record 2000.0 
a high level language for structural relations in well-formed nets l capra m de pierro g franceschinis proc . of 26th int . conf . on application and theory of petri  
carbon isotope fractionation and plant water-use efficiency gd farquhar kt hubick ag condon ra richards stable isotopes in ecological research 1989.0 
market-based workflow management for the outsourcing of activities through a federation of market y badir c stricker r dalla palma   
engineering ( ensr ) e consulting acl demonstration report yaworski lagoon superfund site  
use of chemicals to protect trees from mountain pine beetle attack pj shea amman gene d. camp . proceedings-symposium on the management & hellip ;  
simulation of the ambler environment h thomas d wettergreen c thorpe   
lectures on the geometry of numbers cl siegel k chandrasekharan  1989.0 
p63 immunostaining in destained bronchoscopic cytological specimens v shtilbans ah szporn m wu de burstein   
ak savchenko mesoscopic effects in hopping conductivity of gaas mesfet ei laiko ao orlov proceedings of 25 thsu conference on low-temperature physics & hellip ;  
cookbook : chiyaan ulini binaaltsoos . first edition . rh lynch  1986.0 
structure and ostension in the interpretation of discourse deixis bl webber new york times 1990.0 
the software process improvement paradox dn wilson t hall n baddoo software quality management-international conference -  
parallel computation of robot inverse dynamics for high speed motions ay zomaya as morris   
program development and performance monitoring on the monsoon dataflow multiprocessor . computation gm papadopoulos  1989.0 
selective markov models for predicting web page accesses m deshpande g karypis acm transactions on internet technology 2004.0 
andg . moerkotte . evaluating queries withgeneralized pathexpressions v christophides s cluet proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of  
deoxyribonuclease for cystic fibrosis ce kearney ce wallis cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a fast efficeint accurate way to represent the human face . state of the art in facial animation j kleiser proceedings of acm siggraph tutorials boston  
switching mode circuits for wireless applications r magoon  1997.0 
hierarchical clustering of www image search results using visual textual and link information d cai x he z li wy ma jr wen proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
linda meets mobility gp picco al murphy gc roman proc . of the 21st int . conf . on software engineering ( icse &#39; & hellip ;  
t. sherman r. and wilson dv self-similarity through high-variability : statistical analysis of w willinger s murad proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 95  
effects of age at entry knowledge intensity and imitability on international growth e autio hj sapienza jg almeida academy of management  
fast and robust video clip search using index structure ly duan js yuan q tian cs xu proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the new landscape c correa  1985.0 
nutritional requirements of the predominant rumen cellulolytic bacteria mp bryant fed . proc 1973.0 
database patchwork on the internet r braumandl a kemper d kossmann sigmod conference 1999.0 
syracuse university : a systematic approach to curriculum and faculty development . rm diamond new directions for higher education 1976.0 
the materials science of thin films academic m ohring san diego calif  
wide area cartesian routing l hughes o banyasad e hughes computer networks 2000.0 
lightweight flexible isolation for language-based extensible systems l daynes g czajkowski vldb 2002.0 
off the record : unrecorded legislative votes selection bias and roll-call vote analysis c carrubba m gabel l murrah r clough e unpublished manuscript  
a study to determine the value and effectiveness of online distance learning to technical and dk martinek  2002.0 
emerging roles of evaluation in science education reform w mccloskey h parke r elliott p harmon new directions for program evaluation  
the microsoft repository pa bernstein b harry p sanders vldb 1997.0 
a brief survey of papers on scheduling for pipelined processors sm krishamurthy acm sigplan notices 1990.0 
progress on hpcc and nii m wixxslett sigmod record 1994.0 
ontogenetic allometry of threespine stickleback body form using landmark-based morphometrics ja walker contributions to morphometrics 1993.0 
working with multiple logical systems a tarlecki unpublished  
symmetric relations and cardinality-bounded multisets in database systems k ross j stoyanovich proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
inheritance and rules in object-oriented semantic web languages g yang m kifer lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
evaluation of job-scheduling strategies for grid computing v hamscher u schwiegelshohn a streit r lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
third generation tp monitors u dayal h garcia-molina m hsu b kao mc shan a database challenge acm sigmod conference  
searching for dependencies at multiple abstraction levels t calders rt ng j wijsen acm transactions on database systems 2002.0 
parametrization of postscript fonts through metafont : an alternative to adobe multiple master fonts y haralambous electronic publishing  
bear management and sheep husbandry in norway with a discussion of predatory behavior significant i mysterud international conference on bear research and management  
revisiting scholarship : perspectives on the scholarship of teaching c kreber new directions for teaching and learning no  
on the performance of convolutionally-coded cdma/ofdm for mobile communication system k fazel l papke proc . pimrc  
constructing database systems in a persistent environment r cooper a dearle vldb 1987.0 
counting faces in the extended shi arrangement barn r ehrenborg   
environmental life cycle assessment of products no r heijungs   
research issues in protein location image databases rf murphy c faloutsos proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
a multidimensional digital hashing scheme for files with composite keys ej otoo   
foreword m bross bt technology journal 2003.0 
slice dice and deliver c babcock computerworld  
the shortest path from the surface to the nucleus : rbp-j t honjo genes to cells 1996.0 
a dataflow architecture with tagged tokens '' paper no vk arvind k pingali mit/lcs-tm -174 laboratory for computer science mit september  
optimal clustering structures for hierarchical topological design of large computer networks f kamoun l kleinrock computer networks  
dependence of high-speed elements â ?? aerodynamics on local heat sources in approaching flow vb axuiev i ryibka n savischenko a kuranov proceedings of the 2â ?? d wig workshop  
simulating ( log cn ) - wise independence in nc b berger journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1991.0 
clustering methods for large databases : from the past to the future da keim a hinneburg sigmod conference philadelphia  
energy rehabilitation of multi-use buildings . m santamouris  1997.0 
a longitudinal study of magnetization transfer in multiple sclerosis gb pike n de stefano s narayanan g francis j proc int soc magn reson med  
conjugate analysis of the conway-maxwell-poisson distribution jb kadane g shmueli tp minka s borle p submitted for publication  
experimental astronomy l vanzi s gennari m cioni l testi  1996.0 
garcia-molina . the evolution of the web and implications for an incremental crawler j cho andh proc . of 26th int . conf . on very large data bases  
the unmaking of mondex r anderson computerworld  
expiring data from the warehouse w labio h garcia-molina   
polynomial time solutions of some problems in abstract algebra k friedl l ronyai proc 17th acm  
lm wein . 1996 . heavy trac analysis of dynamic cyclic policies : a uniã ¿ ed treatment of the single dm markowitz mi reiman technical report sloan school of management massachusetts  
the jpeg still picture compression standard gk wallace   
using audio-casi to collect data on domestic violence a gallup-black unpublished manuscript manpower demonstration research & hellip ;  
the statistical adjustment of data we deming   
intravenous prostaglandins for induction of labour m luckas l bricker cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
, s. ramaswamy and t. suel . aqua : system and techniques for approximate query answering pb gibbons v poosala s acharya y bartal technical report bell laboratories murray hill nj feb. .  
a service creation environment based on scenarios r dssouli s some j vaucher a salah information and software technology 1999.0 
l'hypercontractivite et son utilisation en theorie des semi-groupes d bakry lecture notes in mathematics-springer verlag - 1994.0 
exploring browser design trade-offs using a dynamical model of optimal information foraging p pirolli   
morphological mapping rs waters geography  
the heuristic analysis of the diffusion h jaakkola   
polarity in bending deformation in insb crystals . ii . theory and supplementary experiments k sumino h shimizu phil mag  
tributaries and deltas : efficient and robust aggregation in sensor network streams a manjhi s nath pb gibbons submitted for  
the qualitative/quantitative debate cs reichardt sf rallis new directions for program evaluation . san francisco ca : & hellip ;  
griffiths selinger mm astrahan dd chamberlin ra lorie tg price access path selection in a p sac proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
economic integration in the americas : european perspectives a venables l winters unpublished manuscript  
evaluation of bent hammer handles m granada s konz proceedings of the human factors society 25 thannual & hellip ;  
different crossovers ? jpl reinecke h moraal ms potgieter fb mcdonald proceedings of the 25 thinternational cosmic ray conference & hellip ;  
a code generation framework for vliw architectures with partitioned register banks s jang s carr p sweany d kuras   
the x-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional data s bertchold da keim hp kriegel proceedings of the 22nd international conference on very & hellip ;  
reduced order controllers for burgers ' equation with a nonlinear observer ja atwell jt borggaard bb king   
surgery for nonarteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy k dickersin e manheimer cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the case for large collections tt chang see ref  
a gyro-twt with a space-charged limited gun e ferguson rs symons   
computer graphics & university curricula j bresenham & hellip ; proceedings ( zurich - ~ rlikon switzerland july 17 1992 )  
encouraging critical reflection in preservice teacher education : a narrative of a personal learning c van halen-faber new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
imaging spectroscopy of aerosols using a reference spectrum database s bojinski  2003.0 
instituting change in the faculty reward system . rm diamond new directions for higher education 1993.0 
beta testers endorse e-checks l didio computerworld  
learning and the instructional system . rb kozma new directions for higher education 1977.0 
feline : fast elliptical lines for anisotropic texture mapping j mccormack r perry ki farkas np jouppi   
men in emergency nursing j johnston journal of emergency nursing 1987.0 
the fornasiniâ ?? marchesini model with no overflow oscillations and its applications to 2-d digital t hinamoto   
fast scalable level four switching vsgvs suri m waldvogel proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 98  
analysis of factors affecting component placement accuracy in smt electronics assembly e kamen a goldstein d creveling e sahinci z   
prrs : diagnosis hs joo proceedings of the allen d. leman swine conference  
tools for privacy preserving distributed data mining c clifton m kantarcioglu j vaidya x lin my zhu   
speed : a stateless protocol for real-time communication t he ja stankovic proceedings of the 23rd international conference on  
fire impacts on vegetation in central africa : a remote-sensing-based statistical analysis g bucini ef lambin applied geography 2002.0 
habitat conditions influencing a remnant bull trout spawning population gold creek washington . ( sd craig rc wissmar seattle washington  
the q-switching instability in passively mode-locked lasers t kolokolnikov t erneux n joly s bielawski submitted for publication 2004.0 
science ( washington dc ) 2000 287 1636 ; ra sheldon iwce arends g.-j . ten brink and a. dijksman gj ten brink acc . chem . res  
nj and ea rundensteiner . spatial joins using r-trees : breadth-first traversal with global yw huang vldbâ ?? 97 proceedings of 23rd international conference on & hellip ;  
monitoring global fires from eos-modis yj kaufman c justice l flynn jd kendall submitted for  
tetrahedron asymmetry xs li g chan zy zhou asc chan  2003.0 
response of citrus to npk fertilization in a network of field trials in sao paulo state brazil h cantarella ja quaggio oc bataglia b raij proc . int . soc . citriculture  
1996 chimp : a framework for supporting multimedia document authoring and presentation ks candan b prabhakaran vs subrahmanian proc . 1996 acm multimedia  
a critique of the sql database language cj date acm sigmod record 1984.0 
ng-backmarking-an algorithm for constraint satisfaction t richards y jiang b richards bt technology journal 1995.0 
concurrency control in groupware sys 2 tems i ell sj gibbs proc of acm sigmod conf on management of data 1989.0 
an experimental comparison of locking policies in a testbed database system wh kohler kc wilner ja stankovic proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
a graph approach to isomorphism testing of 4 - ( 48 ; 5 ;) designs arising from psl ( 2 ; 47 ) s dautovic dm acketa v mudrinski   
biology of simian virus 40 ( sv40 ) transplantation rejection antigen ( trag ) . v j pretell rs greenfield ss tevethia vitro demonstration of sv40 trag in sv40-infected permissive & hellip ;  
ca-dbfast 2.0 turns database projects into windows apps sw plain pc magazine 1993.0 
morphology of solid organ allograft arteriopathy : identification of proliferating intimal cell aj demetris t zerbe b banner transplant proc 1989.0 
metabolism of substrates : energy substrate metabolism during exercise and as modified by training pd gollnick fed proc 1985.0 
the theory of probabilistic databases r cavallo m pittarelli vldb 1987.0 
the use of domain names in e-branding by the world 's top brands j murphy l raffa r mizerski electronic markets 2003.0 
a controller synthesis algorithm for building self-adaptive software g tziallas b theodoulidis information and software technology  
working and earning : the impact of parents ' fair share on low-income fathers ' employment . jm martinez c miller  2000.0 
genetic programming of fuzzy coordination behaviors for mobile robots e tunstel t lippincott   
organizational charts really do matter . m schrage computerworld  
a kernel design for a secure database management system . in proceedings d downs gj popek 3rd ieee conference on very large databases  
tangolite : introduction and user 's guide sa herrod technical report stanford university stanford usa november  
the datacycle architecture for very high throughput database systems g herman kc lee a weinrib proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
mechanique celeste ps de laplace supplement to book  
opioid switching to improve pain relief and drug tolerability c quigley cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
towards v-promala a visual object-oriented interface for xspin gj holzmann s leue unpublished manuscript  
novel approaches to the indexing of moving object trajectories d pfoser c jensen y theodoridis proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 
a general hebbian learning for nonlinear neuron with application to laterally interconnected bl zhang td gedeon & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems  
de-platonizing and democratizing education as the bases of service learning i harkavy l benson new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
scott w. desposato q training   
what 's that character doing in your interface ? a don proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
uber den reservekohlenhydratestoffwechsel von saccharomyces cerevisiae m kã 1/4 enzi  1970.0 
an engineer 's perception of the path to the executive suite sr premeaux r comish s premeaux   
experimentation as a vehicle for software technology transfer-a family of software reading hs jensen bm jorgensen s linkman hd rombach information and software technology 1997.0 
on the updatability of relational views u dayal pa bernstein vldb 1978.0 
an extension of sql to support ordered domains in relational databases w ng m levene   
an efficient clustering algorithm for large data bases sigmod 1998 s guha r rastogi a cure proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
dynamic voting algorithms s jajodia d mutchler acm trans . database syst  
version 4.0 f simulator microsoft corporation  
high-temperature strength of dispersionhardened single crystals ii . theory ' rsw shewfelt lm brown phil . mag  
on using partial supervision for text categorization cc aggarwal sc gates ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
the role of a digital librarian in the management of digital information systems ( dis ) v sreenivasulu electronic library 2000.0 
b. ludã $ scher b r. marciano y. papakonstantinou p. velikhov and v. chu . â ?? xml-based information c baru a gupta proc . of the acm  
the implication problem for measure constraints b sayrafi d van gucht m gyssens  2005.0 
neural networks in control tm willems technical university of eindhoven eindhoven  
the effect of the influx of radioactive industrially contaminated north sea water on the radiation sm vakulovskii ai nikitin vb chumichev at .  
an open abstract-object storage system s blott l relly hj schek proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1996.0 
rechnergestã 1/4 tzte geburtsplanung und-visualisierung zur prã $ vention des menschlichen geburtstraumas j schwarz a wischnik procs bvm  
on semantic reefs and efficient processing of correlation queries with aggregates w kiessling vldb 1985.0 
bounds on performance and dynamic bit allocation for sub-band coders jd gibson   
the ambr model comparison project : multitasking the icarus federation and concept learning ka gluck mj young proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the cognitive & hellip ;  
a butcher pn and clark jd 1980 j mcinnes phil .  
simplify : a theorem prover for program checking d detlefs g nelson jb saxe j. acm 2005.0 
of bugs and birds : an introduction to markov chain monte carlo w link e cam unpublished manuscript  
electronic market : the roadmap for university libraries and members to survive in the information m christoel s pulkowski b schmitt pc lockemann sigmod record ( acm special interest group on management of & hellip ; 1998.0 
human rights education : a framework for social study from the interpersonal to the global j schmidt p manson social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
application of telemetry to sports activities t ishiko biomechanics i  
early defence responses in plants infected with pathogenic organisms a talarczyk j hennig   
least squares problem with random regression coefficients sl sclove technical report no. 87 imsss stanford university  
optimal file designs and reorganization points ds batory acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
compiler heuristic design with machine learning m stephenson s amarasinghe um oâ ?? reilly m technical report tr-893 massachusetts institute of technology  
ra lorie and tg price â ?? access path selection in a relational database management $ . $ nâ ?? pg selinger mm astrahan dd chamhcrlin proc . of acm sigmod  
heat transfer handbook ss kutateladze vm borishanskii g ] i  
semantics for null extended nested relations m levene g loizou acm transactions on database systems 1993.0 
african writing and text ottawa : legas 2000 s battestini   
j. and grupen ra ( 2000 ) . distiinctive features should be learned h piater technical report 2000-08 university of  
warren and the unsuspecting ancestor l casper wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
system design just as there are two schools of thought about system cj shaw sigmod record 1988.0 
towards 10-100 gbps cryptographic architectures k alexander r karri i minkin k wu p mishra x   
estimating the recall performance of web search engines sj clarke p willett aslib proceedings 1997.0 
on the determination of the velocity constant of a unimolecular reaction ea guggenheim phil . mag  
accelerated convergence in the inverse kinematics via multilayer feedforward networks a guez z ahmad   
dynamic html in action em schurman wj pardi  1999.0 
quantitative analytic approaches in software engineering k torii k matsumoto information and software technology 1996.0 
power spectrum of a sigma-delta modulator with hexagonal vector quantization and dc input g luckjiff i dobson proc . int . symp . circuits  
epa agrees to settle lawsuits on implementing certain provisions of the food quality protection act epa opp   
is and line managers need to close the gap j champy computerworld  
transmission of radiometer data from the synchronous meteorological satellite rs davies & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
arithmetic expansions associated with a rotation of the circle and with continued fractions a vershik n sidorov algebra i analiz  
implementing an interactive visualization system on a simd architecture rf erbacher   
filling domains with disks yt feng k han drj owen procs . icadd-4 ed . n. bicanic glasgow  
eâ ? cient view self-maintenance n huyn proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference athens greece  
research issues in spatial database systems o guenther a buchmann sigmod-record acm  
moral conviction versus the politics of responsibility.â ?? r michels m weber  1987.0 
using taxonomy discriminants and signatures for navigating in text databases s chakrabarti b dom r agrawal p raghavan vldb 1997.0 
non-linear flight mechanics of a helicopter analysis by application of a continuation method k sibilski european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
on the limited memory bfgs method for large scale optimization dc liu j nocedal mathematical programming 1989.0 
advanced ms-dos programming : the microsoft guide for assembly language and c programmers r duncan  1986.0 
endocrine profiles and breast cancer ae arguelles o blanchard lancet i 1973.0 
fast mars jh friedman  1993.0 
operator identification in ada : formal specification complexity and concrete implementation h ganzinger k ripken acm sigplan notices 1980.0 
â ? ³ implementing large production systems in a dbms environment : concepts and algorithms.â ? ³ acm t sellis c lin l raschid sigmod record  
outage probability calculations for a mobile radio system having two log-normal interferers kw sowerby ag williamson electronic letters  
query processing in main memory database management systems tj lehman mj carey proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1986.0 
the nature of heat and its relationship to chemistry in the eighteenth century . dr dyck  1968.0 
consistency guarantees : exploiting application semantics in a collaborative toolkit p dourish proceedings of acm cscw  
fear and loathing on the micro trail . jd spinetto computerworld. 1984.0 
a design data manager k alho h peltonen r sulonen   
the objectory software development process i jacobson g booch j rumbaugh   
realization problem for discrete-time positive linear systems t kaczorek applied mathematics and computer science 1997.0 
microsoft windows nt 4.0 security audit and control jg jumesâ ? ¦  1998.0 
indexing spatio-temporal trajectories with chebyshev polynomials y cai r ng proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data 2004.0 
a methodology for constructing communication protocols g singh proc . acm sigcomm symp  
dtd-directed publishing with attribute translation grammars mbcyc wenfei fr rastogi sza zhou   
applying the agent paradigm to network management rg davison j hardwicke m cox bt technology journal 1998.0 
optimization of a digital neuron design f kampf p koch k roy m sullivan z delalic s proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on simulation 1990.0 
first looks : information please . c stinson pc  
multimedia database management systems a ghafoo17 acm computing surveys 1995.0 
automatic subject indexing using an associative neural network ym chung wm pottenger br schatz   
the nature of a usable pki ( 1999 ) cm ellison computer  
et tu xml ? the downfall of the relational empire p wadler proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
questions on the human frontiers of geography hc brookfield economic geography 1964.0 
animatmn of faces fi parke m proc . 1972 acm annual  
under the spotlight : the impact of media attention on protest policing d wisler m giugni mobilization-san diego - 1999.0 
target obstacles constraining studentsâ ?? understanding of the ozone â ?? holeâ ?? and the greenhouse v christidou v koulaidis t christidis second world congress of nonlinear analysts athens greece  
finding bugs in an alpha microprocessor using satisfiability solvers p bjesse t leonard a mokkedem lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
can we teach without communicating ? jm civikly-powell new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
effects of age on foraging in birds j burger proc . int . ornithol . congr  
error-constrained count query evaluation in relational databases wc hou g ozsoyoglu e dogdu proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1991.0 
the generalized tree quorum protocol : an efficient approach for managing replicated data ( corrigenda d agrawal ae abbadi acmtds : acm transactions on database systems  
using technology to enhance students ' skills a deden vk carter new directions for higher education 1996.0 
three principles of representation for semantic networks rl griffith acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
six critical issues for midlevel leadership in postsecondary settings gl filan at seagren new directions for higher education 2003.0 
the buddy tree : an efficient and robust access method for spatial data base systems 16th int b seeger hp kriegel conf . on very large data bases  
aggregate-query processing in data warehousing environments a gupta v harinarayan d quass vldb 1995.0 
attention and weight in person perception : the impact of negative and extreme behavior st fiske journal of personality and social psychology  
genetic mapping in a citrus x poncirus f 2 population ml roose dc jarrell rs kupper proc int soc citriculture  
supplier competition uncertainty and make-or-buy decisions g walker d weber the academy of management journal 1987.0 
expermedia/2 : a multimedia expert system shell for domain experts a hekmatpour proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
models of organization and total quality management : a comparison and critical evaluation ba spencer the academy of management review 1994.0 
non-malleable cryptography '' dd ddn c dwork m naor proceedings of the  
modeling the effects of faking on a personality test mj zickar j rosse r levinâ ? ¦ unpublished manuscript  
business-to-business interactions : issues and enabling technologies b medjahed b benatallah a bouguettaya ahh ngu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
â ?? neuralâ ?? computation of decisions in optimization problems jj hopfield dw tank biological cybernetics 1985.0 
formal semantics for time m databases j chfford d warren acm trans on database systems vol8 no  
krovoobrashchenie ( erevan ) vm khayutin ye malyarenko no . i  
heretaunga plains groundwater study volume 1 : findings ay regional council pn dravid lj brown  1997.0 
1994 supplemental instruction : increasing achievement and retention dc martin dr arendale new directions for teaching and  
public-sector vs. private-sector r & d in india a comparative analysis of two r & d teams jk sankaran vs mouly   
outline of a centralised multihop ad hoc wireless network j habetha m nadler computer networks 2001.0 
recording diffuse x-ray reflections with continuous synchrotron radiation . an application to type la ar lang g kowalski apw makepeace m moore phil . mag. 1985.0 
assessing a consortium 's effectiveness lm peterson new directions for higher education 2002.0 
genetic algorithms with collective sharing for robust optimization in financial applications ov pictet mm dacorogna   
early light reduction for preventing retinopathy of prematurity in very low birth weight infants ( dl phelps jl watts cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
oms rapid prototyping system for the development of object-oriented database application systems m norrie a wurgler   
when reputation engenders trust : an empirical investigation in business-to-consumerelectronic s einwiller electronic markets 2003.0 
a low commumcatlons sort algortthm for a parallel database machine ra lone hc young proc fifteenth vldb amsterdam  
ss lam reliable group re-key : a performance analysis in yr yang xs li xb zhang proceedings of acm  
emerging standards for component software rm adler   
tutorial : state of the art in workflow management research and products c mohan a tutorial presented at acm sigmod international conference  
hydrogen research rp anderson development and demonstration activities at the idaho & hellip ;  
software product assurance : measurement and control . dn card information and software technology 1988.0 
alkaloids fromnitrones jj tufariello acc . chem . res  
the active learning continuum : choosing activities to engage students in the classroom cc bonwell te sutherland new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
room temperature pulsed operation of a gainn multiple-quantum-well laser diode with an optimized f nakamura t kobayashi t asatsuma k funato k   
dense dc-dc converters actively share stress d maliniak electronic design  
implementing new public policy in poland : barriers and stimuli a adamus-matuszynska journal of european area studies 2001.0 
organizations unfettered : organizational form in an information-intensive economy j child   
andr . srikant . information sharingacrossprivate databases r agrawal a evmievski proc . of the 2003acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . on managementof  
mobile devices to gain erp capability c haney computerworld  
in-operation damage monitoring and diagnostics of vibrating structures with applications to offshore m abdelghani m basseville a benveniste proc . spie 1997.0 
ly248686 a new inhibitor of serotonin and norepinephrine uptake dt wong fp bymaster da mayle lr reidâ ? ¦ neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
internet technology for future space missions j rash k hogie r casasanta j rash k hogie r computer networks 2005.0 
principal curves and surfaces . laboratory for computational statistics t hastie  1984.0 
ed codes : keep the family out c osuagwu journal of emergency nursing 1991.0 
clustering validity checking methods : part ii m halkidi y batistakis sigmod record 2002.0 
trie hashing w litwin proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference  
process simulators for si vlsi and high speed gaas devices jd plummerâ ? ¦  1990.0 
going digital '' j ozer i trends pc magazine april  
anticonvulsants for preventing mortality and morbidity in full term newborns with perinatal asphyxia dj evans mi levene cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
the danger of replication and a solution j gary p helland po ` neil d shasha procs . of acm sigmod international conf . on management of & hellip ;  
pbl in an introductory programming courseâ ?? how to apply the seven steps method e nuutila s tã ¶ rmã $ l malmi submitted for publication  
h. p1 . yeung and k. karlapalem capbased-ams : a capability-based and event-driven activity pck hung proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of  
the consensus glossary of temporal database conceptsâ ?? february 1998 version volume 1399 of lecture cs jensen ce dyreson m boehlen j clifford  1998.0 
radon and its dacay products in indoor air . ww nazaroff av nero   
object and file management in the exodus extensible database system mj carey dj dewitt ej shekita vldb 1986.0 
an electron-microscope investigation of a moonstone sg fleet ph ribbe phil . mag  
a maximum-entropy-inspired parser e charniak proceedings of naacl 2000.0 
rf-field interactions with biological systems - electrical properties and biophysical mechanisms hp schwan kr foster ieee proceedings 1980.0 
the merge/purge problem for large databases [ a ] ah mauricio js stolfo proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod conference on management & hellip ;  
smart thermal skins for automobiles dd hopkins m rubin dd arasteh procs . dedicated conf . on supercars ( advanced ultralight & hellip ;  
an integrated development environment for java card i attali d caromel c courbis l henrio h computer networks 2001.0 
a high-availability scalable distributed data structure using reed solomon codes w litwin t schwarz proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
the growth of english modernism p hobsbaum wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
topology vol . 1 k kuratowski new york  
blood transfusion for treating malarial anaemia ( cochrane review ) m meremikwu hj smith cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
understanding and using the implicit association test : ii . methodological issues ba nosek ag greenwald mr banaji unpublished manuscript  
candidate thesis in chemical sciences nizhegorodsk ov vasil ` eva technical university nizhnii novgorod  
the precautionary principle in european community law and science t christoforou   
emergency nursing in perspective : mentoring sharing supporting be marett journal of emergency nursing 2000.0 
fad a simple and powerful database language f bancilhon t briggs s khoshafian p valdurier proc . vldb brighton  
input impedance of wide-angle å 1/2 . conical antennas fed by a coaxial line ch papas rwp king proc . ire  
children who could have been madison wm epstein  1999.0 
implementation of a knowledge-based software development environment ns barghouti ge kaiser proc . 21st annual hawaii intâ ?? l conf on systems sciences & hellip ;  
an algebra for domain-independent array management in databases p baumann submitted for publication  
microsoft architecture overview . m platt   
theory of separative cascades with large enrichments at the separative element na kolokol ` tsov ni laguntsov at . energ  
cache fusion : extending shared-disk clusters with shared caches t lahiri v srihari w chan n macnaughton s proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
invited talk at theâ ?? int miniworkshop on neutrino masses and mixingsâ ?? w louis seattle washington april  
some optimal inapproximability results j h & tad proc . of the 28th annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;  
n. : user location and tracking in an in-building radio network p bahl v padmanabhan microsoft research technical report msr-tr-99-12 febr .  
avoiding asp angst '' gh anthes computerworld  
new fault localizing method for the program debugging process l lian s kusumoto t kikuno k matsumoto k torii information and software technology 1997.0 
analysis of direct boundary-domain integral equations for a mixed bvp with variable coefficient ii o chkadua se mikhailov d natroshvili submitted for  
on the partition of energy cg darwin rh fowler phil . mag  
dopaminergic mechanisms in drug induced temperature effects a horita rm quock see ref  
a query language and optimization techniques for unstructured data p buneman s davidson g hillebrand d suciu sigmod conference 1996.0 
citrus leaf spot a new mexican lime disease : a review s becerra vm medina jg garza m orozco proc . int . soc . citriculture  
realm of the pygmy seahorse : an underwater photography adventure c petrinos  2001.0 
quality of dicom header information for image categorization mo guld m kohnen d keysers h schubert b wein   
fabrication of off-axis holographic fresnel lens used as multiplexer/demultiplexer in optical x ren s liu x zhang proceedings of spie 2004.0 
the vienna development method : the meta-language d bjã ¸ rner cb jones lecture notes in computer science 1978.0 
autocorrelation properties of resilient functions and three-valued almost-optimal functions s choi k yang   
recent bt patents ide videlo bt technology journal 2000.0 
the ls & leising pa milne md  
proper termination of flow-of-control in programs involving concurrent processes portal.acm.org   
948365 as no patent at  
new quadric metric for simplifying meshes with appearance attributes . ieee visualizationâ ?? 99 h hoppe  1999.0 
xml-based information mediation with mixâ ?? exhibition program c baru a gupta b ludã $ scher r marciano y acm conference on management of  
effects of drugs on avoidance and escape behavior l cook ac catania fed proc 1964.0 
revisiting catamorphisms over datatypes with embedded functions ( or programs from outer space ) l fegaras t sheard proceedings of the 23rd acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ; 1996.0 
chromosome banding in amphibia xvii m schmid c steinlein w feichtinger first demonstration of multiple sex chromosomes in & hellip ;  
mathsoft inc sp manual seattle washington  
electromobility of aquatic humus : fractionation by the use of the isoelectric focusing technique et gijessing t gjerdhal proc . int . meet . humic substances  
pulse of a nation : depressive mood reactions of israelis to the israel-lebanon war se hobfoll j lomranz n eyal a bridges m journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
a feature interaction benchmark for the first feature interaction detection contest n griffeth r blumenthal jc gregoire t ohta computer networks 2000.0 
compensation-based on-he cpery processing v srinivasan mj carey ptoc . acm sigmod  
bundling information goods : pricing profits and efficiency y bakos e brynjolfsson management science 1999.0 
real-variable methods in harmonic analysis.-academic press a torchinski san diego calif  
on the equilibrium of liquid conducting masses charged with electricity l rayleigh phil . mag  
rules for implementing very large knowledge base systems jb bocca jc freytag sigmod record 1989.0 
wireless local loop rp merrett pve beastall sj buttery bt technology journal 1998.0 
object-oriented extensions in sql3 : a status report kg kulkarni sigmod conference 1994.0 
mcgraw-hill companies s processes   
the 5 minute rule for trading memory for disc accesses and the 10 byte rule for trading memory for j gray f putzolu proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
the incredible shrinking computer c babcock computerworld  
transactive memory in close relationships dm wegner r erber p raymond journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
lie groups lie algebras and their representations vs varadarajan  1988.0 
density biased sampling : an improved method for data mining and clustering crpc faloutsos   
the naos system c collet t coupaye proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
management of data and services in the environmental information system ( uis ) of baden-wuerttemberg wf riekert r mayer-foell g wiest sigmod record 1997.0 
processing set expressions over continuous update streams s ganguly mn garofalakis r rastogi sigmod conference 2003.0 
a consensus glossary of temporal database concepts cs jensenâ ? ¦ sigmod record 1994.0 
a344683 p. 5 [ 421 ] dm exh . 38 c no  1979.0 
stanford proposal for internet meta-searching l gravano kcc chang h garcia-molina a paepcke proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod conference  
partialscan ip opselectionforsimulation-basedsequential atpg 's '' f corno p prinetto m rebaudengo m sonzareorda proc . int . test conf  
histological typing of tumours of the central nervous system p kleihues pc burger bw scheithauerâ ? ¦  1996.0 
fluorescence quenching measurements soc . 1997 119 8119 8120 . [ 8 ] [ 8a ] h.-g . lã ¶ hr f. vã ¶ gtle f experiments acc . chem . res  
andries . the brown university student operating system ds wile rg munck dam van proc . acm 22nd nat . conf  
predicting the number and dimensio ns of key blocks of an excavation using block theory and joint ly chan re goodman proc of the 28th syrup on rock mechanics 1987.0 
s. legniewski 's protothetics j slupecki studia logica  
the two-dimensional steady motion of a viscous fluid gb jeffery phil . mag  
on the second law of thermodynamics wjm rankine phil . mag  
predicting intonational phrasing from text '' acl mq wang j hirschberg proc . 29th annual meeting  
implementation elimination of weakly dominated strategies and evolutionary dynamics a cabrales g ponti   
experimental investigation of the herschel-quincke tube concept on the honeywell tfe731-60 jp smith ra burdisso v blacksburg   
information distortion and neural coding can . math . q t gedeon ae parker ag dimitrov  2002.0 
living with xml and relational f manolescu d florescu d kossmann f xhumari d proc . vldb conference  
making welfare work and work pay : implementation and 18-month impacts of the minnesota family c miller v knox p auspos ja hunter-manns a  1997.0 
minimax algebra ra cuninghame-green  1979.0 
daffe/clp/wp3 / wd ( 2001 ) 7 r by mexico   
delay bounds for a network of guaranteed rate servers with fifo aggregation s jamin pb danzig s shenker l zhang proc . of acm sigcomm  
invited paper 13th psi conf b unterbergâ ? ¦  1998.0 
query optimization in database systems m jarke j koch   
why johnny ca n't program n holmes   
instantaneous and short term emission rates observed during modal acceleration testing p cicero-fernandez jr long proceedings of the fourth crc-aprac on-road vehicle emission & hellip ; 1994.0 
a joint source-channel coding scheme for image-in-image data hiding k solanki o dabeer bs manjunath u madhow s   
efficient ir-style keyword search over relational databases v hristidis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
biometry 2nd ed : wh freeman and co rr sokal fj rohlf new york  
mpi derived data types in virtus r cristaldi g iannello procs . of  
multisite evaluations in criminal justice settings : structural obstacles to success wg skogan aj lurigio new directions for program evaluation  
f. ; monien b. editors a razborov m auf der heide proceedings 23rd  
computer literacy : what it is why it is important . a luehrmann electronic learning  
edge colorings and total colorings of integer distance graphs a kemnitz m marangio   
on the correlation of cues with discourse structure : results from a corpus study m moser jd moore unpublished manuscript  
askstrider : what has changed on my machine lately ? ym wang r roussev c verbowski a johnson d ladd   
textbook of glaucoma 4th ed. 153-176 williams & wilkins baltimore mb shields md  
query processing using multidimensional clustering in db2 b bhattacharjee s padmanabhan t malkemus l proceedings of vldb  
a characterization of the sensitivity of query optimization to storage access cost parameters f reiss t kanungo sigmod conference 2003.0 
digital media in america : practices preferences and policy implications d shah n kwak m schmierbach madison wisconsin : university of wisconsin-madison  
database patchwork on the internet ( project demo description ) r braumandl a kemper d kossmann proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
order-preserving key transformations ak garg cc gotlieb acm transactions on database systems 1986.0 
did your family take baths on the prairie ? ja smith d hobbs social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
guest editors ' introduction dc phillips e callan international journal of educational research 2001.0 
academic advising kn tuttle new directions for higher education 2000.0 
mehrotra ( 2001 ) locally adaptive dimensionality reduction for similarity search in large time series e keogh k chakrabarti m pazzani   
pathology of zoo animals : zoological society of san diego la griner san diego california  
fire : a rangeland tool in southern africa wsw trollope proceedings of the first international rangelan d congress  
the trace of special values of modular l-functions d lanphier submitted for  
welcoming commuter students into living-learning programs ra stevensâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 2000.0 
immunology of atherosclerosis r kleindienst q xu j willeit fr waldenberger s demonstration of heat shock protein  
test input generation for red-black trees using abstraction w visser cs pä?sä?reanu r pelã ¡ nek proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
money and search with enduring relationships d corbae j ritter unpublished manuscript  
mdl summarization with holes s bu lvs lakshmanan rt ng proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
travelers is stays home s cusack computerworld  
a matemã ¡ tica da nova economia b lev hsm management  
the national context for reform gd davesâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 2002.0 
clustering techniques for minimizing external path length aa diwan s rane s seshadri s sudarshan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
quintary trees : a file structure for multidimensionzil database systems dt lee ck wong acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
adaptive mesh refinementfor hyperbolic partial differential equations jb marsha technical report manuscript na-83-02 stanford university march  
lambda-coloring of graphs hl bodlaender t kloks rb tan j van leeuwen lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
experimental studies of competition as a factor affecting the distribution and abundance of purple sc schroeter  1978.0 
fauna graeciae ii f willemse hellenic zoological society athens greece  
strategy in emerging economies re hoskisson l eden cm lau m wright academy of management journal 2000.0 
assessment of striatal extracellular dopamine and dopamine metabolites by microdialysis in re see neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
the revenge of the jd d maier jd ullman my vardi proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
automatic verification of database transaction safety d stemple t sheard acm tods  
d. ott fd smith tuning red for web traffic m chnstiansen k jeffay proceedings of acm/sigcomm  
merozoite vaccination of douroucouli monkeys against falciparum malaria gh mitchell whg richards ga butcher s cohen lancet i 1977.0 
bgigascope : a stream database for network applications ^ in proceedings of the acm international c cranor t johnson o spataschek v shkapenyuk  2003.0 
how to avoid designing digital libraries : a scenario based approach jm carroll acm sigois bulletin 1995.0 
pnni augmented routing ( par ) and proxy-par . r haas p droz d bauer computer networks 2000.0 
multiple tetracycline resistance determinants in streptococcus v burdett j inamine s rajagopalan see ref  
the least-squares finite element method : theory and applications in computational fluid dynamics and b jiang  1998.0 
betting on the dream fj derfler jr pc magazine october  
an interpretive framework for application prediction m parashar s hariri t haupt gc fox procs of the 1993 intâ ?? l conference on parallel and & hellip ;  
parallel data paths in two-headed disk systems a vakali y manolopoulos information and software technology 1997.0 
modular mixin-based inheritance for application frameworks d duggan cc techaubol   
high glucose level and free fatty acid stimulate reactive oxygen species production through protein t inoguchi p li f umeda hy yu m kakimoto m diabetes-new york - 2000.0 
wittgenstein finitism and mathematical induction v rodych  1999.0 
tax reform and the bond market . dc clapp new directions for higher education 1987.0 
the carteret islands : precedents of the greenhouse effect ? j connell geography  
cigarette smoke : stimulatory effect of metabolism of 3 4 -- benzpyrene by enzymes in rat lung . rm welch a loh ah conney life sci . [ i ] 1971.0 
'' a wise but lonely wanderer '' : how professors avoid getting bored -- and boring . pg beidlerâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
a graphical data manipulation language for an extented entity-relationship model b czedo r elmasri m rusinkiewicz ieee computer  
xquery : a query language for xml . dd chamberlinâ ? ¦   
theoretical electron scattering amplitudes and spin polarizations : at m fink ac yates at . data  
obstacle avoidance a heuristic collision avoider for the stanford robot arm lc widdoes  1974.0 
battle of the networks : the source versus compuserv lj magid pc magazine  
facial-feature image coding using principal components '' jw welsh d shah electronic letters 1992.0 
a cooperative coevolutionary approach to function optimization ma potter ka de jong lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
predicting software 's minimum-time-to-hazard and mean-time-to-hazard for rare input events jm voas kw miller   
a comparison of empirical and model-driven optimization k yotov x li g ren m cibulskis g dejong m   
expert aided sequential design of multivariable systems jm boyle   
the interaction between functional dependencies and template dependencies f sadri jd ullman proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1980.0 
experiential education at a community college . ls zwerling new directions for higher education 1974.0 
a 1986 . the design of postgres m stonebraker l rowe sigmod rec  
a practical approach 1997 ( matejtschuk p ed . ) irl press at oxford university press a separations   
effect of the operation of nuclear-powered submarines on the radioecological environment in the far va danilyan vl vysotskii yv sivintsevâ ? ¦ at .  
resonant tunneling diodes : models and properties jp sun gi haddad p mazumder jn schulman proceedings-ieee 1998.0 
6.852 distributed algorithms lecture notes : self-stabilization n lynch b patt-shamir technical report laboratory of computer science mit cambridge  
warping indexes with envelope transforms for query-by-humming systems y zhu d sasha proceedings of acm sigmod  
using cats to help new instructors develop as teachers l richlin new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
desorption induced by de ramaker electronic  
a metastasis-associated antigen is present on a 60 kda glycoprotein in transitional cell carcinoma t matsusako h muramatsu t shirahama t muramatsu the histochemical journal 1992.0 
cooperative negotiation in concurrent engineering design computer aided cooperative product kp sycara proceedings of mit-jsme workshop . d. sriram r. logcher s. & hellip ;  
path integral approach to quantum physics : an introduction g roepstorff  1996.0 
spinal trauma : new guidelines for assessment and management in the out-of-hospital environment cj mattera journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
university of maryland college park mp failey dt ph md  
leading a university during controversy : challenges faced by a new president j genshaft j wheat new directions for higher education 2004.0 
a comparative study of alternative middle tier caching solutions a datta k dutta d fishman k ramamritham h proceedings of the 2001 vldb  
continuous model of an unreliable two-stage material flow system with a finite buffer sb gershwin ic schick technical report lids-r-1039 massachusetts institute of  
dynamic itemset countingand implication rules for market basket data s brin r motwani j ullman s tsur & hellip ; of the acm international conference on management of data ( & hellip ;  
preprints of extended abstract environmental chemistry division the 221 thacs national meeting y lan c kim b deng ec thornton san diego  
the open channel c mccabe ieee computer  
dynamic maintenance of data distribution for selectivity estimation ky whang sw kim g wiederhold the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
on three classes of automata-like p systems r freund c martin-vide a obtulowicz g paun lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
an attention-based approach to content-based image retrieval a bamidele fwm stentiford j morphett bt technology journal 2004.0 
ecologische atlas van de nederlandse roofvogels ( 2e druk ) rg bijlsma   
how might i teach problem solving ? dr woods new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
when are methods complementary . accepted for publication in rf paige information and software technology  
current shifts in abrupt climate change : na conveyor   
special issue on disruption g crosier p hughes bt technology journal  
extended probability tables for approximating neutron multigroup cross-sections a rineiski v sinitsa   
an examination of university of wisconsin-stout studentsâ ?? perceptions of their secondary career ly reich  2002.0 
an introduction to the unified data language cj date proc . vldb montreal canada oct  
a framework for physically-based information visualization tc sprenger mh gross a eggenberger m kaufmann   
high-dimensional index structures { improving the performance of multimedia databases s berchtold c bohm da keim submitted for publication  
analysis and simulation of web services s narayanan s mcilraith computer networks 2003.0 
fundamentals of bacterial plant pathogens m goto san  
listening to napster . peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies andy oram ( edt . c shirky  2001.0 
an interpolated volume data model t wang s santini a gupta proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
sampling large databases for finding association rules h toivonen proceedings of the 22nd international conference on very & hellip ;  
kernel partial least squares regression in rkhs r rosipal lj trejo journal of machine learning research  
28 d-2050 hamburg 80 federal republic of germany hd strasse & hellip ; department university of washington seattle  
non-congestion packet loss detection for tcp error recovery using wireless links nkg samaraweera iee proceedings communications 1999.0 
typechecking for xml transformers t milo d suciu v vianu   
slide insert into the fireplace far enough to attach connector to flue outlet fb fireplace see *  
confederate biography-ja pool ( online ) '' ss johnson   
foreign collaborations in india a study of patterns in the pre and the post-liberalisation era k kumar   
complaint resolution in the context of welfare reform : how w-2 settles disputes s lynn   
accuracy in the tennis forehand drive : a cinematographic analysis j gelner  1965.0 
wal-mart mines for forecasts c stedman computerworld  
visual development and the acquisition of binocular disparity sensitivities m dominguez ra jacobs   
economic performance of group-affiliated companies in korea : intragroup resource sharing and sj chang j hong academy of management journal 2000.0 
andj . gosling . the real-time specification for java g bollella ieee  
incremental validation of xml documents a balmin y papakonstantinou v vianu acm transactions on database systems 2004.0 
a quasigroup-based public-key cryptosystem c koscielny gl mullen applied mathematics and computer science 1999.0 
an efficient compressor for xml data h liefke ds xmill proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod conference on management & hellip ;  
full-wave design and analysis of bandpass filters using 1/8-cut high - q dielectric ring resonators s amari r vahldieck j bornemann proc . 28th european microwave  
neural mechanisms of cortico-cortical interaction in texture boundary detection a thielscher h neumann   
technology adoption in the presence of knowledge barriers : the case of the world wide web s vasudevan ym wang   
analysis of document structures for element type classification h ahonen b heikkinen o heinonen j jaakkola m   
rfc1320-the md4 message-digest algorithm r rieves  1992.0 
å 1/2 . 1 . a em arnett å 1/2 å 1/2 acc . chem . res  
positivism vs minimalism in deductive databases n bidoit r hull proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
smallpox ar rao bombay india : kothari book depot  
a future wto trade round ? j whalley international studies-bombay then new delhi - 1998.0 
a theory-refinement approach to information extraction t eliassi-rad j shavlik   
j. vandenberg . the sdss skyserver : public access to the sloan digital sky server data j gray a szalay a thakar pz zunszt t malik j technical report msr-tr-2001-104 microsoft research  
modelling design and control of a modern electropneumatic actuator ig french cs cox   
disaster response : a review of the april 26 1991 kansas tornado k prilliman g solis m swartz k conley journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
a goal-driven auto-configuration tool for the distributed workflow management system mentor-lite ( m gillmann j weissenfels g shegalov w wonner g acm sigmod conf . on modeling of data ( sigmod ) dallas texas  
presentation design using an integrated knowledge base y arens l miller n sondheimer acm press new york 1991.0 
efficient dense-stereo and novel-view synthesis for gaze manipulation in one-to-one teleconferencing a criminisi j shotton a blake c rother phs   
a tribute to professor hongjun lu mj carey j han sigmod record 2005.0 
packet loss effects on mpeg video sent over the public internet jm boyce rd gaglianello   
an analysis of oregon state university 's total quality management pilot program . le coate new directions for higher education 1993.0 
realising run-time adaptable workflow by means of reflection in the baan workflow engine td meijler h kessels c vuijst r le comte   
intravenous immunoglobulin for the treatment of kawasaki disease in children rm oates-whitehead jh baumer l haines s love cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
editorial mt ã?zsu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
interoperability of geographical information systems h kuus  2002.0 
mentoring undergraduates with professional and liberal arts goals : the mass communication experience j cohen new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
filters based on multilayer metallic structures in a waveguide vp gololobov vi omel ` ianenko radiotekhnika i elektronika 1988.0 
embracing the hybrid model : working at the intersections of virtual and physical learning spaces td skill ba young new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
storing semistructured data with stored admfd suciu proc of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 1999.0 
translating dependency into parametricity s tse s zdancewic   
fallstudien som forskningsmetod lund : studentlitteratur sb merriam  1994.0 
designing survivable networks using effective routing and wavelength assignment ( rwa ) e modiano a narula-tam   
vida : an environment for multidimensional image display and analysis ea hoffman d gnanaprakasam kb gupta jd hoford proc spie 1992.0 
exponential asymptotics for limits of renewal equations and pseudo-stationary phenomena for m gyllenberg ds silvestrov submitted for publication  
wireless in indian telecommunication network a jhunjunwala b ramamurthi proc . infocom bombay india december  
the beauty of fractals ho peitgen ph richter  1986.0 
endotoxemia after small bowel transplantation . bj browne cp johnson am roza mb adams transplantation proceedings 1992.0 
role of p300 a transcriptional coactivator in signaling of tgf - a nishihara j hanai n okamoto j yanagisawa s genes to cells 1998.0 
algebraic specification schemes for data base systems h ehrig hj kreowski vldb 1978.0 
r. krishnamurthy and mc shan . query optimization in heterogeneous dbms w du proceedings of vldb  
isthmus veracruz ( mecayapan ) nahuat laryngeals . c wolgemuth aztec studies i  
social and cultural implications of implementing â ?? a conservation strategy for the northern spotted rg lee seattle washington  
learning to find answers to questions on the web e agichtein s lawrence l gravano acm transactions on internet technology 2004.0 
parallel query scheduling and optimization with timeand space-shared resources mn garofalakis ye ioannidis proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very  
'' domains relations and religious wars r wars s record sigmod record 1996.0 
a critique of ansi sql isolation levels j gray uc berkeley   
embedded data glyph technology for hardcopy digital documents dl hecht proc . spie 1994.0 
the bmap/g/1 queue : a tutorial dm lucantoni lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
the kydonia multimedia information server s christodoulakis n pappas g kyriakaki y lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
w. fc frank and a. keller a agar phil . mag  
definitive xml schema p walmsley  2001.0 
exemplary world wide web resources . pull-out feature 3 . rg helms social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
a framework for semantic gossiping k aberer m hauswirth sigmod record 2002.0 
announcementâ ?? the temporal query language tsql2 final language definition rt snodgrass acm sigmod record 1994.0 
some design refinements and principles on the appearance and behavior of marking menus dialogues ma tapia g kurtenbach proceedings of acm uistâ ?? 95  
corrosion ' 2003 nace sb farina gs duffã ³ jr galvele san diego ca  
determining relationships among names in heterogeneous databases ct yu b jia w sun s dao sigmod record 1991.0 
on boolean functions polynomials and algebraic threshold functions c gotsman unpublished  
mds codes over finite quasi-frobenius rings h horimoto k shiromoto   
reduction of maximum entropy models to hidden markov models extended version j goodman   
human body deformation from range scans b allen b curless z popovic proc . acm siggraph 2002  
describing and using query capabilities of heterogeneous sources v vassalos y papakonstantinou vldb 1997.0 
practical uses of end-tidal carbon dioxide monitoring in the emergency department lj santos j varon l pic-aluas ah combs journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
arterial gas embolism and hemoconcentration rm smith kb van hoesen ts neuman journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
repositories and object oriented databases . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
the multics kernel design project md schroeder dd clark jh saltzer acm sigops operating systems review 1977.0 
the denver model for groupware design t salvador j scholtz j larson acm sigchi bulletin 1996.0 
accommodating imprecision in database systems : issues and solutions a motro sigmod record 1990.0 
the correlation between rae ratings and citation counts in psychology a smith m eysenck unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
a. ( 1993 ) : model of methods access authorization in object-oriented databases eb fernandez mm larrondo-petrie e gudes proc . of the 19th vldb conference  
bitmap-tree indexing for set operations on free text i nitsos g evangelidis d dervos data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
olap solutions : building multidimensional information systems e thomsenâ ? ¦ john wiley &  
are webliographies still in use ? d alimohammadi electronic library 2004.0 
torsion angle dynamics : reduced variable conformational sampling enhances crystallographic structure lm rice proteins-new york - 1994.0 
vol . 1â ± 3 ( hrsg. : js miller ) plenum new york 1982 ; d ) jb torrance elc compounds acc . chem . res  
management of physical replicas in parallel multimedia in information systems s ghandeharizadeh c shahabi proceedings of the 4th international conference on & hellip ; 1993.0 
e. 1 . blount mh cohen phil . mag  
engineering fracture mechanics s yang fg yuan   
adaptive equalization techniques for indoor dynamic wireless communication channels l he m amin c reed & hellip ; soheil a. dianat michael d. zoltowski digital wireless & hellip ; 2001.0 
connecticut post-time limit tracking study : six-month survey results ja hunter-manns d bloom  1999.0 
evaluating the benefits of cache-affinity scheduling in shared-memory multiprocessors j torrellas a tucker a gupta technical repor stanford university july  
reactor simulator program for simulating vvã?r -1000 operation pe filimonov vv mamichev sp averâ ?? yanova at .  
simple models of network access with applications to the design of joint rate and admission control m mandjes d mitra w scheinhardt computer networks 2003.0 
from collegiality to confrontation : faculty-to-faculty conflicts rr leal new directions for higher education 1995.0 
and dettinger gj mccabe jr md  
a formal specification technique and implementation method for protocols tp blumer rl tenney computer networks  
optimization-based verification and stability characterization of piecewise affine and hybrid a bemporad fd torrisi m morari lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
lipoprotein glomerulopathy and its pathogenesis t saito s oikawa h sato j chiba contributions to nephrology 1997.0 
integrity checking in deductive databases a oliv proceedings of the seventeenth vldb  
motives for multiple open-market repurchase programs m jagannathan c stephens   
on the cirrus formation of cloud ws jevons phil . mag  
cooperation model for multi-agent system r marcjan e nawarecki systems science-wroclaw - 1996.0 
chromosomal aberrations as a cause of male sub-fertility r lange w engel fertilit at  
a simulation model for performance analysis of large shared data bases c hulten vldb 1977.0 
multi-dimensional clustering : a new data layout scheme in db2 s padmanabhan b bhattacharjee t malkemus l sigmod conference 2003.0 
los cinco grandes across cultures and ethnic groups : multitrait multimethod analyses of the big five v benet-martinez op john journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
toward optimal active learning through monte carlo estimation of error reduction n roy a mccallum   
diagnostic criteria for chronic rejection/accelerated graft atherosclerosis in heart and kidney lc paul p hayry m foegh mj dennis transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
equity and environmental policy j rees geography  
implementatwn techtuques for mam memory database systems dj dewlttâ ? ¦ acm sigmod boston  
queueing network models for concurrent transaction processing in a database system kb irani hl lin proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
performance evaluation of algorithms for transitive closure r kabler ye ioannidis mj carey information systems 1992.0 
a taxonomy of ip traffic matrix estimation : existing techiniques and new directions a medina n taft k salamatian s bhattacharyya c proc . acm sigcomm  
performance/price sort and pennysort j gray j coates c nyberg   
a 23-year-old with refractory seizures following an isoniazid overdose ra steinmann mk rickel journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
the nation 's report card ar weiss ad lutkus bs hildebrandt ms johnson geography  
an adaptive data replication algorithm o wolfson s jajodia y huang acm transactions on database systems 1997.0 
requirements organization approach for object-based construction of software systems dj chen pj lee sk huang information and software technology 1992.0 
microarrays and their use in a comparative b efron r tibshirani v goss g chu  2000.0 
ventral foramen magnum meningiomas ki arnautovic o al-mefty m husain j neurosurg ( spine i ) 2000.0 
the roots of federal student aid policy js hansen new directions for higher education 1991.0 
texor : temporal xml database on an object-relational database system k nã ¸ rvag m limstrand l myklebust submitted for publication 2002.0 
noise reduction of switching-mode power converters by random-switching control t ninomiya t tanaka h kameda k harada procs . of ipec-tokyo â ?? 90  
graphoid properties of epistemic irrelevance and independence fg cozman p walley unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
50456 ( september 27 2004 ) ; 69 fr 59285 ( october 4 2004 ) . the sec also approved amendments to nyse ear no   
actiview : adaptive data presentation using supersql y maeda m toyama proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
does motion through the aether cause double refraction l rayleigh phil . mag  
intellectual property issues for the new round ke maskus the wto after seattle . ( washington dc : institute for & hellip ; 2000.0 
motion planning and related geometric algorithms in robotics jt schwartz m sharir proc . int . congress of mathematicians  
extracting concurrency from objects : a methodology pk chrysanthis s raghuram k ramamritham proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1991.0 
high nest losses in capercaillie and black grouse in norway t storaas p wegge proc . int . grouse symp  
concurrent object-oriented programming using term graph rewriting techniques 1996 ga papadopoulos information and software  
design-kit : an intelligent system for planning plant-wide process control strategies s george j james l rama lispe technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
characterizing the performance and stability issues of the as path prepending method : taxonomy h wang rkc chang dm chiu jcs lui proceedings of acm sigcomm asia workshop 2005.0 
macaw : a media access protocol for wireless lans v bhargavan a demers s shenker l zhang proc . of acm sigcommm  
effects of nitrogen and phosphorus enrichement on in vivo symbiotic zooxanthellae of pocillopora a snidvongs ra kinzie marine biology 1994.0 
wrong way : go back ! an exploration of novice search behaviours while conducting an information s debowski electronic library 2001.0 
the aqua approximate query answering system . sigmod 1999 s acharya pb gibbons v poosala s ramaswamy proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
the changing map of american poverty in an era of economic restructuring and political realignment . je kodras economic geography 1997.0 
agrawal r. ; srikant r. : fast algorithms for mining association rules s agrawal proceedings of the 20th international conference of very & hellip ;  
database techniques for the world-wide web : a survey acm sigmod record d florescu a levy a mendelzon  1998.0 
design and implementation of a genetic-based algorithm for data mining s choenni vldb 2000.0 
quality-of-service in packet networks : basic mechanisms and directions r guerin v peris  1999.0 
fast evolution strategies x yao y liu lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
pix : exact and approximate phrase matching in xml . s amer-yahia mf fernandez d srivastava y xu   
the membrane-cleaners interaction effect in ultrafiltration vo nwuha environment protection engineering 1992.0 
synthesis of interface specifications for java classes r alur p cerny p madhusudan w nam   
forecasting pacific herring ( clupea harengus pallasi ) recruitment from spawner abundance and jf schweigert dj noakes proc . int . herring symposium oct  
operations and maintenance centreâ ?? delivering network services a dawson-maddocks d cooper c scobie bt technology journal 1997.0 
fastalgorithmsformining association rules rar srikant proc . of the vldb conference santiago chile september  
exploiting statistics on intermediate tables for query optimization n bruno s chaudhuri proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
the plasma dispersion function bd fried sd conte   
charting reform in chicago schools : pluralistic policy research pa sebring as bryk new directions for program evaluation 1993.0 
access path selectionin a relationaldatabasemanagement system pg selingerandâ ? ¦ proc . acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data & hellip ;  
indiana cemetery records '' j county   
management of multidimensional discrete data in database systems pasb furtado   
high-level three-pronged design methodology for n-chime interface system software s treu dp sanderson r rozin r sharma information and software technology 1991.0 
studie ã 1/4 ber die biotop-ansprã 1/4 che von waldameisen : die biotopansprã 1/4 che von formica lugubris in em kissling  1979.0 
j. gray terraserver : a spatial data warehouse t barclay rd slutz proceedings of the 2000 acm-sigmod conference  
capturing reality i s rusinkiewicz proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
the evolution of handheld computers : problem framing and network building jp allen   
split-transactions for open-ended activities g kaiser c pu n hutchinson proc . of the 14th vldb  
error analysis for a satellite based air traffic control system ( satellite based atc system with cr traas national aerospace meeting washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
ka & lee c. ( 1990 ) an adaptive data placement scheme for parallel database computer systems proc . pi hua vldb conf brisbane  
understanding nonlinear dynamics d kaplan l glass  1995.0 
the rice parallel processing testbed rc covington s madala v mehta jr jump jb proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmetrics conference on & hellip ; 1988.0 
the effects of expiring coupons on decision making o amir d ariely  2000.0 
pricing strategies under heterogeneous service requirements m mandjes computer networks 2003.0 
a strategist 's cognitive map of the steel industry : a case study of mr. david roderick ( chairman us c stubbart a ramaprasad technical report university of massachusetts department of  
andd . kossmann . performance tradeoffs for client-server queryprocessing . inproc mj franklin bt jonsson acm sigmod  
donâ ?? t scrap it wrap it ! a wrapper architecture for data sources mt roth p schwarz proceedings of the 23rd vldb  
an orthogonally persistent java mj jordan t prinzezis mp atkinson l daynes s sigmod record  
web application performance testingâ ?? a case study of an on-line learning application j shaw bt technology journal 2000.0 
juvenility and plant propagation comb jr clark proc . int . plant . prop . soc  
hierarchical spline-based image registration . inieee computer society conference on computer vision r szeliski j coughlan ieee computer society seattle washington june  
algal class abundances estimated from chlorophyll and carotenoid pigments in the western hw higgins dj mackey deep-sea research i 2000.0 
queueing systems vol . i : theory l kleinrock new  
caching and database scaling in distributed shared-nothing information retrieval systems a tomasic h garcia-molina   
science in ithaca a fleishman wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
on the effect of join operations on relation sizes d gardy c puech acm trans . database syst 1989.0 
india wins freedom : an autobiographical narrative a azad  1959.0 
user acceptance of information technology : inside the american home v venkatesh sa brown   
desire anddomestic fiction : a politicalhistory ofthe novel n armstrong new  
suicide intent scale : self-report form mm linehan & hellip ; inventory university of washington seattle washington  
dow to fire up to 40 more employees for e-mail abuse m trombly computerworld  
complete geometrical query languages m gyssens j van den bussche d van gucht   
poetry 1963 sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1964.0 
2-phenylethanol isolated from bark beetles jaa renwick gb pitman jp vitã © naturwissenschaften 1976.0 
the influence of velocity profile on ultrasonic flowmeter performance aga 1998 operations conference ta grimley seattle washington ( may 17-19  
spatial operators . acms anthology sigmod record 2000.0 
medical outcome of cocaine bodystuffers r june se aks n keys m wahl journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
simulating an instructible interface : the turvy experience d maulsby watch what i do : programming by demonstration  
a broadening view of recombinational dna repair in bacteria mm cox genes to cells 1998.0 
a one-pass algorithm for accurately estimating quantiles for disk-resident data k alsabti s ranka v singh vldb 1997.0 
ester m. and kriegel h. ( 2000 ) : towards an effective cooperation of the user and the computer for m ankerst proc . of the 6th acm sigmod international conf . on knowledge  
an addition theorem for some extremal functions about finite bases xd jia  1993.0 
functional programming in c++ b mcnamara y smaragdakis proceedings of the fifth acm sigplan international & hellip ; 2000.0 
quantitative swab culture versus tissue biopsy : a comparison in chronic wounds tj bill cr ratliff am donovan lk knox rf ostomy wound management 2001.0 
ems response at a hazardous material incident : some basic guidelines . dm plante js walker journal of emergency medicine 1989.0 
study of internal stresses of thin solar cell modules kj zimmermann u haeverli  1982.0 
organophosphate poisoning in perth western australia 1987-19961 gm emerson nm gray ga jelinek d mountain hj journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
spahal query processmg in an object-onented database system j orenstein acm sigmod  
creating competitive advantage : forest policy as industrial policy in chile . ra clapp economic geography 1995.0 
methods for encrypting and decrypting mpeg video data efficiently l tang   
the demarcation protocol : a technique for maintaining constraints in distributed database systems d barbarã ¡ - millã ¡ h garcia-molina the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
the hlpac project combmmg active databases and tlmmg constramts u dayalâ ? ¦ acm sigmod  
specification and verification of java bytecode subroutines and exceptions sn freund jc mitchell  1999.0 
three-dimensional registration using range and intensity information g godin m rioux r baribeau proc . spie 1994.0 
seqhound : biological sequence and structure database as a platform for bioinformatics research t authors   
on the c-theorem in more than two dimensions int . conf . \ \ non-perturbative quantum effects 2000 '' a cappelli g dã cents rg appollonio n magnoli ed . d. bernard and b. julia jhep proceedings  
a communication media i/o server and its synchronization mechanisms dp anderson g homsy ieee computer  
a theory of global control in multidatabase systems a zhang ak elmagarmid the vldb  
aspect-oriented programming of sparse matrix code j irwin jm loingtier jr gilbert g kiczales j lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
the development of grounded genres in multimedia messaging systems ( mms ) among mobile professionals r ling t julsrud   
a model for active object oriented database . actes c beeri t milo 17th international conference vldb barcelona  
â ?? one size fits allâ ?? database architectures do not work for dss c french proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
schema and occurence structure transformations in hierarchical systems ag dale nb dale   
myths and reality in post-communist transformations referat na kongres american economic gw koå?odko san diego  
moisture induced package cracking in plastic encapsulated surface mount components during soldered r lin e blackshear p serisky proc . 26th int . rel . phys . symp  
heterogeneous decomposition and inter-level coupling for combined modeling pa fishwick   
program evaluation : a pluralistic enterprise wr shadish new directions for program evaluation  
mt ( 2003 ) â ?? issues in data stream management.â ?? l golab sigmod record  
scurvy identified in the emergency department : a case report r stephen t utecht journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
synthetic models for the 02-binding hemoproteins jp collman acc . chem . res  
anlp/naacl 2000 workshop : embedded machine translation systems c van ess-dykema cr voss f reeder seattle  
the ams-02 trd for the international space station j burger proc . of the 28th cosmic ray conference tsukuba giappone  
predictive load controlforflexible buer allocation c faloutsos rt ng t sellis procs . of the 17th intl. conf . on vldb  
a model of wage differentials between firms of different sizes queens university s shi  1997.0 
the space of embedded minimal surfaces of fixed genus in a 3-manifold iv ; planar domains th colding wpm ii to  
the quark-hadron phase transition ( abstract only ) h satz oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
academic background and admissions to american universities cf abel aj sementelli new directions for higher education 2002.0 
an annotated bibliography on active databases ( short version ) acm sigmod record u jaeger jc freytag   
ice and sand : linking the sandbox to geographic features in elementary social studies . rv morris social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
regional water balance in the mountainous arctic and its application for water-resource planning a ohmura & hellip ; proceedings of the 25 th international geographical & hellip ; 1984.0 
finite element simulation of the static characteristics of a vehicle rubber mount lr wang zh lu i hagiwara   
evaluating lan communications performance for a real-time environment rd harrison dt marlow proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ; 1996.0 
polyspectral analysis of signals : an introduction d kocur r stanko radioengineering-prague - 1998.0 
towards an information logic cj van rijsbergen proceedings of the 12th annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 1989.0 
state-of-the-art in stochastic joint geometry modeling . p kulatilake proc 29th us symp on rock mech rotterdam : balkema  
capturing and querying multiple aspects of semistructured data ce dyreson mh bohlen cs jensen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
dvm : an object-oriented framework for building large distributed ada systems cj thompson v celier   
school violence and the effect on the guidance counselorâ ?? s role b anderson  2004.0 
outpatient treatment of spontaneous pneumothorax in a community hospital using a heimlich flutter p campisi aj voitk journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
a study of first year middle school teachers ' ability to integrate technology lb dias mb shoffner fd atkinson unpublished manuscript  
minimal forbidden subgraphs of reducible graph properties aj berger discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2001.0 
formative and summative evaluation : parody or paradox ja centra new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
a method for the unification of xml schemata r dos santos mello s castano ca heuser information and software technology 2002.0 
reducing the peak-toâ ?? average power ratio of schemes by selective scrambling [ j ] rw bauml rfh fischer jb huber electronic letters  
contribution of chromophoric dissolved organic matter to attenuation of ultraviolet radiation in kw patterson marine science . university of california santa barbara  
dividend initiations and earnings surprises ml lipson cp maquieira w megginson   
proceedingsof oopslaâ ?? 88 t watanabe a yonezawa  1988.0 
encephalopathy associated with fat embolism induced by solvent for cyclosporin . p krupp m busch i cockburn b schreiber lancet i 1989.0 
the emergence of linked fish markets in europe i graham electronic markets 1998.0 
evaluating training in business and industry r brinkerhoff new directions in program evaluation  
data base system performance prediction using an analytical model k sevcik   
dynamic routing strategies for wdm networks j spath computer  
the misuse of evaluation in educational programs m dial new directions for program evaluation 1994.0 
os support for vldbs : unix enhancements for the teradata data base j catozzi s rabinovici proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
ethical issues in innovative surgery : should we attempt a cadaveric hand transplantation in a human m siegler transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
secure and portable database extensibility m godfrey t mayr p seshadri t von eicken sigmod record 1998.0 
antiplatelet therapy for preventing stroke in patients with nonrheumatic atrial fibrillation and a pj koudstaal  2000.0 
on searching transposed files ds batory acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
upper and lower bounds for the tails of the distribution of the condition number of a gaussian jm azais m wschebor submitted for publication 2003.0 
are computers boosting productivity ? yes ! '' j bakos computerworld  
efficient robust parallel computations zm kedem kv palem pg spirakis proceedings of the twenty-second annual acm symposium on & hellip ; 1990.0 
a correctness condition for high-performance multiprocessors h attiya r friedman   
sudden respiratory deterioration in the positive pressure ventilated patient : an organized approach dj beless cm slovis journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
optimization of hypothetical queries in an olap environment a balmin y papakonstantinou t papadimitriou data engineering 2000 . proceedings . 16th international & hellip ; 2000.0 
in : folding of the ldl receptor in the endoplasmic reticulum a jansens  2002.0 
pharmacopoeial convention rockville usp xxii md  
privacy and freedom af westin  1967.0 
compiling complex database triggers d cohen proceedings of acm sigmod  
teaching the subject : developmental identities in teaching m burgan new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
the structure of lymphatic capillaries in lymph formation lv leak fed proc 1976.0 
developing facilitators for faculty learning communities kl sandell k wigley a kovalchick new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
hands-on activities for integrating geography across the curriculum . lm handleyâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
mobility of hg as sb s and c in a metamorphic belt : insights into the source of elements ik pitcairn mr ashley dah teagle drh green cr proceedings of the 7th biennial sgameeting athens greece  
word level confidence annotation using combinations of features r zhang a rudnicky   
j. ( s. ) naor and b. schieber approximating the throughput of multiple machines in real-time a bar-noy s guha proc . 31st acm stoc  
host groups : a multicast extention for datagram internetworks s deering d cheriton proceedings of acm sigcomm  
incremental grid growing : encoding high-dimensional structure into a two-dimensional feature map j blackmore r miikkulainen   
the methood approach : measures transformation rules and heuristics for object-oriented design t grotehen kr dittrich   
data integration in the large : the challenge of reuse a rosenthal lj seligman proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
sources of error in survey data used in criminal justice evaluation : draft of final report wt bielby ra berk  1981.0 
optimal admission control algorithms for scheduling burst data in cdma multimedia systems yk kwok vkn lau computer networks 2002.0 
temperature field in deep disposal site for liquid radioactive wastes im kosareva mk savushkina mm arkhipovaâ ? ¦ at .  
relationship between the number of thunderstorm days and the lightning flash density registered by f popolansky proc . 21st int . conf . on lightning protection berlin & hellip ;  
unicode wide characters and c c petzold pc magazine  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?the multicast backboneã cents â ? ¬ â ? h erikson proc . commun . acm  
a semantics for functional efficacy j hughes s zwart   
is it a tree a dag or a cyclic graph r ghiya l hendren   
procedural and distributive justice : what is fair depends more on what comes first than on what k van den bos r vermunt ham wilke journal of personality and social psychology  
the use of guidelines in interface design : practical design methods l tetzlaff dr schwartz proceedings of acm chiâ ?? & hellip ;  
new directions for research policy development and practice dw leslie new directions for higher education 1998.0 
averaging rules and adjustment processes : the role of averaging in inference ll lopes university of wisconsin  
the need for education in useful formal logic d gries ieee computer  
faculty speak to advising j kelly new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
multidimensional spectral estimation jh mcclellan ieee proceedings 1982.0 
optimizing multi-feature queries for image databases u guntzer wt balke w kieã?ling proc . of the twenty-sixth international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 
an experiment on sanding task using impedance controlled manipulator with vibrational type tool f nagata k watanabe   
understand fault-tolerant distributed systems f cristian ibm research division almaden research center san jose ca  
principles of trust for multiagent systems : cognitive anatomy social importance and quantification c castellfranchi r falcone procs . of the 3 rdint . conf . on multi-agent systems  
inside microsoft windows nt internet development r sorensen  1998.0 
fast image retrieval using color-spatial information bc ooi kl tan ts chua w hsu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
diesel injection system modelling . methodology and application for a first-generation common rail r payri h climent fj salvador ag favennec proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2004.0 
toward a multilevel secure data model s jajodia r sandhu proceedings : acm  
are there barbarians at the gates of information systems ? j fedorowitz d lee jj sviokla b weber proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1996.0 
nafplio : semantic analysis of the character of a historic city j stefanou athens greece : peloponesian folklore institute publications  
water supply in developing countries : problems and solutions e dahi technical university of denmark  
enriched multiplications on the cohomology theories en mj hopkins hr miller to  
multiple object tracking in complex scenes a cavallaro o steiger t ebrahimi proceedings of acm  
similarity search in multimedia databases m patella   
yu . a. nikolaev and av nikolaeva â ?? effect of cascade micropores on diffusion fluxes of point yr kevorkyan at .  
practical improvements to the lee-more conductivity near the metal-insulator transition mp desjarlais   
nuclear relaxation and electronic correlations in quasi-one-dimensional organic conductors . ii . p wzietek f creuzet j. phys . i france 1993.0 
fuel elements based on spherical particles with a protective coating for enhanced-safety reactors as chernikov ln permyakov ii fedikâ ? ¦ at .  
efficient optimization of a class of relational expressions av aho y sagiv jd ullman acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1979.0 
quantitative enzyme histochemistry of rat foetal brain and trigeminal ganglion p chieco p hrelia g lisignoli g cantelli-forti the histochemical journal 1988.0 
â ?? measurements of the magneto-electric susceptibility of polycrystalline chromium oxide th oâ ?? dell phil . mag  
combustion behaviour of low volatile australian coals . commonwealth of australia national energy iw smith development and demonstration program  
modeling player session times of online games f chang w feng proc . acm netgames  
cytochromes c : biological aspects gw pettigrew gr moore  1987.0 
processing in memory : the terasys mas-sively parallel processor-in-memory array m gohkle b holmes k iobst ieee  
design of microwave beam-switching networks ml burrows  1983.0 
statistical theory of communication yw lee   
entity-life modeling in a distributed environment bi sanden proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ; 1996.0 
the university of louisville . dc swain new directions for higher education 1988.0 
integrating logic retiming and register placement tc tien hp su yw tsay yc chou yl lin proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
obstracles to the adoption of mobile agents ( panel ) v roth & hellip ; conference on mobile data management ( mdmâ ?? 04 ) berkeley ( & hellip ;  
summary of the main points to be developed m pezzini presentation at  
piezoelectric ceramic-polymer composites for transducer applications tr gururaja a safari re newnham le cross electronic  
le g. and monceau p. 1968 jg gilchrist phil . mag  
fluid motion recovery by coupling dense and parametric motion fields e memin p perez proc . int . conf . computer vision  
timer-driven database triggers and alerters : semantics and a challenge en hanson l noronha sigmod record 1999.0 
state of the art in workflow management system research and products c mohan & hellip ; : nato advanced study institute ( asi ) on workflow management  
application architecture ( panel session ) : 2tier or 3tier ? what is dbms 's role ? ak nori proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2000.0 
the effects of congestion on driversâ ?? behaviourâ ?? c christie proceedings of the 23rd ptrc european transport forum & hellip ;  
a preprandial rise in plasma ghrelin levels suggests a role in meal initiation in humans de cummings jq purnell rs frayo k schmidova be diabetes-new york - 2001.0 
post-pass compaction techniques b de bus d chanet l van put b de sutter communications-acm 2003.0 
periurethral injection therapy for urinary incontinence in women r pickard j reaper l wyness dj cody s cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
publishing american identity : popular geopolitics myth and the reader 's digest jp sharp political geography 1993.0 
computer scientists studying any ants using them as models for new distributed systems g anthes computerworld  
unbundling active functionality . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
das management-audit : wie fit sind ihre fã 1/4 hrungskrã $ fte-faz-inst . fã 1/4 r management - markt-und j samland   
nonlinear optics 1academic rw boyd san diego  
serafini and h. stuckenschmidt . c-owl : contextualizing ontologies p bouquet f giunchiglia f van harmelen procs second international semantic web conference . itc-irst & hellip ;  
software insecurity t keefe   
optimal allocation of resources in distributed information networks s mahmoud js riordon acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
further improvements on integrity constraint checking for stratifiable deductive databases sy lee tw ling vldb 1996.0 
preparing teachers to be moral educators : a neglected duty . t lickona new directions for higher education 1980.0 
liquid crystals v ic khoo proc . spie 2001.0 
application for research collaboration m female   
gevirtz homework project process evaluation report jh brown ua herrity  2001.0 
biologically inspired neural controllers for motor control in a quadruped robot aj ijspeert a billard proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the cognitive & hellip ;  
window control strategies for hypertext traversal : an empirical study j lifshitz b shneiderman proc . 29th annual acm dc technical symposium  
hmso 1993 rs act isbn  
mobilizing structures and cycles of protest : post-stalinist contention in poland 1954-1959 m osa mobilization-san diego - 2001.0 
accreditation issues related to adult degree programs eg simpson jr new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
towards fluency-structured dialogues with natural speech input dj attwater js fisher hr greenhow bt technology journal 1999.0 
optical microscopy of ktao3 [ j ] le cross phil . mag  
ieee appl . supercond m tsindlekht m colosovsky d davidov  1996.0 
negative and positive semantic priming with lexical decision task : a time-course function j lupiaã ± ez p tudela iv european congress of psychology athens greece july & hellip ;  
going beyond the information given : the relation of illusory visual motion to brain activity s zeki jdg watson rsj frackowiak proceedings : biological sciences 1993.0 
special report : quantum cryptography arrives c metz pc magazine  
seismotectonics of the elsinore-temecula trough elsinore fault zone southern california ag hull  1990.0 
information systems ' 95 curriculum model : a collaborative effort jt gorgone jd couger d feinstein g kasper he acm sigmis database 1994.0 
your eyes come first j seymour pc magazine  
lr 1923 tlr ayres phil . mag  
new spaces of law enforcement : closed circuit television public behaviour and the policing of m goodwin c johnstone k williams association of american geographers annual conference & hellip ;  
construction and selection of smoothing formulas . rep. no. 863 ballistic res . lab. aberdeen ls dederick md  
viscous effects in control of near-wall turbulence ss collis y chang s ramakrishnan submitted for publication  
feather vs. non-feather bedding for asthma . f campbell k jones cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
efficient nearest neighbor indexing based on a collection of space-filling curves n megiddo u shaft ibm almaden research center san jose ca tech . rep. rj  
chicano narrative : the dialectics of difference r saldä ± v  1990.0 
place : protocol for location and coordinate estimation -- a wireless sensor network approach y zhang l cheng computer networks 2004.0 
implementing nonclassroom learning : management considerations . jf wartgow new directions for higher education 1986.0 
caoâ ?? s in de sector zorg en welzijn februari 1998 æ ? 29 -- m beer j ververs   
evidence evaluation in complex decision making n pennington r hastie journal of personality and social psychology  
genome-wide analysis of changes in early gene expression induced by oestrogen h watanabe a suzuki t mizutani s khono db genes to cells 2002.0 
m. martone â ?? model-based mediation with domain mapsâ ?? b ludã $ scher a gupta 17th international conference on data engineering  
business processesâ ?? attempts to find a definition a lindsay d downs k lunn   
per-flow qos support over a stateless diffserv domain g bianchi n blefari-melazzi m femminella computer networks  
avirulence factor avr4 of the tomato pathogen cladosporium fulvum is a chitin-binding lectin that ha van den burg sj harrison m joosten j submitted for publication  
c-type cytochrome formation : chemical and biological enigmas jm stevens o daltrop jwa allen sj ferguson acc . chem . res 2004.0 
home networking 101 c metz pc magazine . accessed  
how far is distance learning from education ` in on the internet hl dreyfus  2001.0 
the architecture of an active database system dr mccarthy u dayal proc . 1989 acm-sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
fifteen years of raman spectroscopy of engineered heme containing peroxidases : what have we learned ? g smulevich a feis bd howes acc chem res 2005.0 
the principle of relativity and non-newtonian mechanics gn lewis rc tolman phil . mag  
a hierarchical framework for stream habitat classification : viewing streams in a watershed context ca frissell wj liss ce warren md hurley environmental management 1986.0 
the sr-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional nearest neighbor queries n katayama  1997.0 
role-based hierarchical self organization for wireless ad hoc sensor networks m kochhal l schwiebert s gupta proceedings of the 2nd acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
are bureaucrats and scientists members of advocacy coalitions ? evidence from an intergovernmental p sabatier m zafonte unpublished manuscript  
implications of cscl for problem-based learning td koschmann pj feltovich ac myers hs barrows acm sigcue outlook 1992.0 
survival analysis : techniques for censored and truncated data jp klein ml moeschberger  1997.0 
cost and availability tradeoffs in replicated data concurrency control aku mar a segev acm transactions on database systems 1993.0 
dna conformation and plant pre-culture influence both transformation efficiency and gene targeting a hohe t egener j lucht h holtorf c reinhard  2002.0 
journalism : acquiring something to write about . rl moore new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
organizational technology ml tushman w smith companion to organizations  
polynomial transform computation of the 2-d dct p duhamel c guillemot   
windows programming [ m ] c petzold  1999.0 
encyclopedia of polymer science and technology t murayama wily : new york  
strehlo. â ?? why decision support fails and how to fix itâ ?? reprinted in r kimball sigmod record  
a review and evaluation of software science a fitzsimmons t love acm computing surveys ( csur ) 1978.0 
vector reduction and prex computation on coarse-grained s bae d kim s ranka & hellip ; - memory parallel machines '' procs of the international  
a petri net based methodology to integrate qualitative and quantitative analysis m heiner   
scheduling policies for an on-demand video server with batching a dan d sitaram p shahabuddin   
the at & t in-band adjacent channel system for digital audio broadcasting ns jayant ey chen jd johnston sr quackenbush proc . int . symp . digital audio  
microsoft office 97 visual basic-programmierung g born microsoft unterschleiã?heim  
tensegric mobile controlled by pseudo forces kg kobayashi t ichizawa k nakano k ootsubo proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
adding relevant to xml a theobald g weikum proc . sigmod/pods workshop on the web and databases  
mystiq : a system for finding more answers by using probabilities j boulos n dalvi b mandhani s mathur c re d proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
catching sites . internet search engines '' pc magazine pc magazine '' vi  
glossary of aquatic habitat inventory terminology . american fisheries society : bethesda nb armantrout md  
ivo . ( nd ) the spanish presentative lexicon s ayala & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa  
horizontal to vertical spectral ratio and geological conditions : the case of a downhole array in d raptakis e karaolani k pitilakis n proc . xxiv gen. ass . esc athens greece  
using referential integrity to easily define consistent subset replicas b hammond proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
2005 annual conference : presidential address b chambers   
inelastic scattering of neutrons ( international atomic energy agency vienna 1965 ) w cochran vol .  
theorizing : analogy cases and comparative social organization d vaughan unpublished manuscript  
antibiotics for acute otitis media in children pp glasziou cb del mar m hayem sl sanders cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
s. mullender ed. \ \ a case study : automatic reconfiguration in autonet '' distributed systems tl rodeheer md schroeder  1993.0 
a histochemical investigation of the mechanism of aldehyde fuchsin staining of pancreatic b-cell lj cole gs nettleton the histochemical journal 1988.0 
normalization in oodb design bs lee acm sigmod record 1995.0 
vibration suppression in helicopters with the acsr approach using an improved control algorithm r cribbs pp friedmann european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
thin-layer disposal : a modification of conventional overboard disposal of dredged material rd nester water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
existence of six incomplete mols cj colbourn l zhu submitted for  
dredged-material disposal planning programs dt ford water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
local packet nets heat up market . j dix computerworld. 1985.0 
first core poloidal flow velocity measurements in jet f sattin y andrew c giroud n hawkes m valisa   
life on the screen : identity in the age of the internet s turkle  1995.0 
direct medullary arterioles and arteriovenous anastomoses in the arcuate sponges of the kidney hj barrie sj klebanoff gw cates lancet i 1950.0 
how high is up ? calibrating social comparison in the real world ta nosanchuk bh erickson journal of personality and social psychology  
management and organization of an evaluation unit in a state education agency hi peck se triplett new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
interventions for preventing injuries in problem drinkers t dinh-zarr c diguiseppi e heitman i roberts cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
efficient processing of interactive relational data base queries expressed in logic dhd warren vldb 1981.0 
silent racism in white women b trepagnier  1996.0 
a note on the portevin -- le chatelier effect ah cottrell phil . mag  
on the structure of a random tournament with a given score sequence z gao bd mckay x wang   
parents ` attitudes and expectations regarding science education : comparisons among american chinese - h chen adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
the role of the library in a new learning scenario ml bargellini electronic library 2001.0 
typhoon-zero implementation : the vortex module rw pfile computer sciences technical report-university of wisconsin & hellip ; 1995.0 
haas lm tiwary a. eds rj bayardo emlp from databases & hellip ; international conference on management of data seattle  
nmr determination of the ne-21 quadrupole coupling for neon gas dissolved in liquid crystals ( j jokisaari o pulkkinen p diehl o muenster proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
direct determination of lead in sugars using graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrometry nj miller-ihli fe greene at spectrosc.  
capitalism accumulation and the explanation of urban phenomena m edel see boddy  
garza . jf ( 1989 ) â ?? composite object revisitâ ?? e bertino w kim proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of  
a unified analysis of batched searching of sequential and tree-structured files sd lang jr driscoll jh jou acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
why companies go green : a model of ecological responsiveness p bansal k roth academy of management journal 2000.0 
update propagation strategies for improving the quality of data on the web aln roussopoulos submitted for publication 2001.0 
ingham-type inequalities and riesz bases of divided differences s avdonin w moran   
the moderator-mediator variable distinction in social psychological research : conceptual strategic rm baron da kenny journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
mediation bytools in the mathematics classroom ` in meira l. and carraher l meira  1995.0 
improved query performance with variant indexes dq poâ ?? neil proceedings of sigmod  
create @ brown a component repository for learning objects : a progress report j laleuf proceedings of acm jcdl 2001  
floorplan representations : complexity and connections b yao h chen ck cheng r graham acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems 2003.0 
respect for religious differences : the case of muslim students bw speck new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
judging student multimedia c brunner electronic learning  
acceleration induced shear strains in a monkey brain hemisection vr hodgson lm thomas proceedings of the 23rd stapp car crash conference sae & hellip ;  
a distributed scheme for autonomous service composition s herborn y lopez a seneviratne   
integrating environmental restoration and ecological restoration : long-term stewardship at the j burger environmental management 2000.0 
waveguide dammann gratings and kinoforms ( abstract only ) j saarinen j huttunen a vasara j turunen a oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
performance prediction of parallel processing systems : the pamela methodology ajc van gemund   
a brief note on performance of an ethernet system under high load jf shoch computer networks  
the notions of consistency and predicate locks in a relational database system kp eswaran jn gray ra lorie il traiger comm . acm  
c and lam s. authentication for distributed systems t woo ieee computer  
progress in colloid and polymer sci . 1997 103 170 ; c ) jf rusling jf rusling acc . chem . res  
iterative procedures for reduction of blocking effects in transform image coding re rosenholtz a zakhor proceedings of  
concurrent operations in extendible hashing m hsu wp yang vldb 1986.0 
digital libraries ( hot topics ) ea fox ieee computer  
a little taste of something more exotic ' : the imaginative geographies of everyday life j may geography-london - 1996.0 
logical form equivalence : the case of referring expressions generation k van deemter m halldorsson   
an efficient algorithm for mining association rules in large databases a savasere e omiecinski s navathe  1995.0 
consistency of transactions and random batch r bayer acm transactions on database systems 1986.0 
start small think infinite a laplante computerworld  
the gih-tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proceedings of acm  
basisboek zwartwit fotografie l bartlettâ ?? s j tarrant   
on cdte cell operation â ?? ao pudov m gloeckler sh demtsu jr sites kl proc . of 29th ieee pvsc may . 20-24 2002 new orleans  
stakeholder influence strategies j frooman the academy of management review 1999.0 
e-commerce : cyber-and physical environments h bouwman electronic markets 1999.0 
systems analysis of radiation safety and disassembling the equipment of the power-generating units bk bylkin vy shpitser at .  
the first acm sigplan conference on history of programming languages rl wexelblat history of programming languages 1978.0 
what are formal methods ? . pf gibbins information and software technology 1988.0 
group delay delay distortion and its measurement h vifian & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1973.0 
automorphisms of negatively curved groups d cooper preprint university of california at santa barbara  
time to split virtually : ` discourse architecture'and ` community building ` create vibrant virtual q jones electronic markets 2000.0 
donna et al ( 1997 ) fi stienstra a study of the five demonstration programs  
university service timothy v. fossum tv fossum  2003.0 
the problem of remedy in monopolization cases : the ws comanor  2001.0 
practical skew handling in parallel joins dj dewitt jf naughton da schneider s seshadri proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
complete axiomatization and decidability of the alternating-time temporal logic v goranko g van drimmelen   
delayed cardiac tamponade after pacemaker insertion t gershon j kuruppu j olshakerâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
conversion and the codasyl framework dcp smith vldb 1978.0 
constructing group learning je heimlich new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
quantitative measurements of preferred orientation in rolled uranium bars gb harris phil . mag  
glucagon and liver glycogen metabolism w stalmans glucagon i  
chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service for internet applications p castro b greenstein i stoica r morris d proc . acm sigcomm  
random-effects analysis . human brain function w penny ap holmes  2004.0 
books libraries scholarship and the future . ra plane new directions for higher education 1982.0 
the challenges of automatic summarization u hahn   
implementing lh * rs : a scalable distributed high-availability data structure m ljungstrã ¶ m master th . ( feb. 2000 ) cs dep. u. linkoping  
senile plaque amyloid paired helical filaments and cerebrovascular amyloid in alzheimer 's disease m kidd d allsop m landon lancet i 1985.0 
a formal specification of java [ tm ] virtual machine instructions for objects methods and z qian lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
optics & spectroscopy vg farafonov  1999.0 
open oodb : a modular object-oriented dbms s ford ja blakeley tj bannon proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
multivariate analysis : methods and applications wr dillon m goldstein  1984.0 
towards event-driven modelling for database design m teisseirdl p poncelew r cicchettw   
user interfaces ; who cares ? s spaccapietra proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
sultan mahmud bhuiyan mohammed shamsul alam and mohammed shahedur rashid p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
form for nested relations zm ã?zsoyoglu lyyan normal acm transactions on database systems  
capricorn in the 1 sthouse and antivertex in 19 aquarius in the 1 st e point juno at  
the sar procedure : a diagnostic analysis of heterogeneous data d pena gc tiao  2002.0 
the nonlinear schrodinger equation c sulem pl sulem  1999.0 
distributions of query plan costs for large join queries a swami technical report rj7908 ibm almaden research center san jose  
weeds and weed control h nilsson proc . 29th swedish weed conference  
xavier : experience with a layered robot architecture r simmons r goodwin kz haigh s koenig joâ ??   
consumer health information provision in the trent region ca stevens a morris j rolinson electronic library 1996.0 
towards practical taxonomic classification for description logics on the semantic web s sanner   
rescherche et development de propergols aerobies a fort exposant de pression [ c ] b foureat c maason proc of the 21st int annu conf of ict  
m stonebraker m 1991 segment indexes : dynamic indexing techniques for multi-dimensional interval cp kolovson proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on the management  
hetero diels-alder methodology in organic synthesis vol . 47 : academic press dl boger sl weinreb san diego  
towards interoperability in digital libraries a paepcke s cousins h garcia-molina   
procedural skills in medicine : linking theory to practice g kovacs journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
22a 103 ; c ) f. sondheimer f baer h kuhn w regel z naturforsch acc . chem . res  
basestation collaboration in bluetooth voice networks j xue td todd computer networks 2003.0 
automation in information extraction and data integration s sarawagi vldb  
a framework for effective retrieval ct yu w meng s park acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
a ptime-complete problem for slp-compressed words n markey p schnoebelen submitted for publication  
parallel computer systems : performance instrumentation and visualization r koskela m simmons acm press frontier series 1990.0 
evidence of selling by managers after seasoned equity offering announcements m gombola   
a decision-making pattern for guiding the enterprise knowledge development process c rolland s nurcan g grosz information & software technology 2000.0 
can we really control what happens during the ramp ? c michel jonker s geneva   
classification and multiple regression through projection pursuit . dept jh friedman  1984.0 
communication mhj nelissen see ref  
monotonicity and convexity properties of rate control throttles kc budka   
some dynamical illustrations of the pressure of radiation and of adiabatic invariance th havelock phil . mag  
parity-based loss recovery for reliable multicast transmission d towsleyâ ? ¦   
object-relational database systems : principles products and challenges ( tutorial ) mj carey nm mattos a nori sigmod conference  
first-class views : a key to user-centered computing and slimmer tiers a rosenthal e sciore   
successful clinical small bowel transplantation e deltz p schroeder m gundlachâ ? ¦  1990.0 
recovering photon-intensity information from continuous photo-detector measurements '' ao hero proceedings of the 25-thconference on information sciences  
the practitioner 's viewpoint jl berg j weythman j golden j lyon j winkler proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1978.0 
towards adaptive workflow systems cscw-98 workshop proceedings m klein c dellarocas a bernstein proc . seattle washington november  
the education function in a digital library environment : a challenge for college and research hm kibirige electronic library 2001.0 
building applications for ubiquitous computing environments in international conference on pervasive ck hess m roman rh campbell zurich switzerland august  
system-level power optimization : techniques and tools l benini g de micheli acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems 2000.0 
robust variable structure control of model reference systems sk spurgeon rj patton   
roi for it projects elusive but essential gh anthes computerworld  
3d visualisation of a resistivity data setâ ?? an example from a sludge disposal site : symp c bernstone t dahlin p jonsson appl . geophys . eng . environ . probl. procs  
radiolysis of ammonia in the first-loop coolant in reactor systems in floating power-generating av bulanov bi kolesov ml lukashenkoâ ? ¦ at .  
programmable shaders for directx 8.0 p taylor microsoft corporation  
a simulation study of winnow and related learning algorithms n littlestone c mesterharm unpublished manuscript  
inside directx ( microsoft programming series ) b bargen tp donnelly  1998.0 
phytochemical analysis of cistus creticus . isolation synthesis and structure elucidation of a new c demetzos ph. d. thesis university of athens greece  
an object-based image retrieval system and its visual query interface ws li ks candan k hirata yh semcog demonstration at the sigmod conference on management of data  
the dos projectâ ?? s â ?? trinooâ ?? distributed denial of service attack tool d dittrich & hellip ; of washington . seattle washington usa . [ online ] . available & hellip ; 1999.0 
force feedback in shared virtual simulations p buttolo r oboe b hannaford b mcneely proceedings micad 1996.0 
speech recognition using a discriminative context-independent j verhasselt jp martens b baeyens segment-based speech recognizer '' procs of ieee prorisc  
the shareholder wealth implications of corporate lawsuits s bhagat j bizjak jl coles   
interventions for treating scabies gj walker pw johnstone cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
hydroj : object-oriented pattern matching for evolvable distributed systems k lee a lamarca c chambers   
axiomatization of dynamic schema evolution in objectbases rj peters   
achieving excellence : how will we know ? . cf conrad dj eagan new directions for higher education 1989.0 
a pocketful of history . sl field la labbo social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
amit-the situation manager a adi o etzion the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
your own private internet mj miller pc magazine  
vertical cavity lasers fabricated using impurity induced disordering pd floyd  1996.0 
generalized hermite polynomials : a short survey m lassalle unpublished  
gm and merialdo p. 1997 . to weave the web p atzeni 23rd international conference on very large databases ( vldb  
a thematic teaching unit on flight k freeland k smith social studies and young learner 1993.0 
pipes-a public infrastructure for processing and exploring streams j kramer b seeger proc . of the acm sigmod 2004.0 
tourist development in spain : growth versus conservation on the costa brava . a morris g dickinson geography 1987.0 
an interview with the old man of floating-point . feb. 1998 c severance unpublished manuscript available at http://http . cs .  
ciprofloxacin penetration into lungs d honeybourne r wise jm andrews lancet i 1987.0 
3 . miller . comparing images using color coherence vectors o pass r zabih proc . of acm multimedia  
andravikrishnamurthy . towards an open architecture for ldl rg danettechimenti proc . 15th international conference on very large data  
identity : youth and crises eh erikson new york  
modelling language acquisition : grammar from the lexicon sr howell s becker   
h. z wicker m. v an b aar j. g ross m. 2000 . surfels : surface elements as rendering primitives p fister proceedings of acm siggraph  
the ecvam international validation study on in vitro embryotoxicity tests : results of the definitive e genschow h spielmann g scholz a seiler n alternatives to laboratory animals 2002.0 
database-centric programming for wide-area sensor systems s chen pb gibbons s nath submitted for publication 2004.0 
optimal decentralized termination protocols for partition failures d cheung t kameda submitted for  
optical proteinchip as microarrays for protein interaction determination g jin h wang yh meng pq ying lh xia   
counting points on hyperelliptic curves over finite fields p gaudry r harley lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
grief counseling and grief therapy jw worden   
glacial marine sedimentation and stratigraphy of the toby conglomerate ( upper proterozoic ) kr aalto  1970.0 
solvability and asymptotic behavior of a population problem taking into account random mating and v skakauskas applied mathematics and computer science 2000.0 
a workflow management system based on intelligent collaborative objects g fakas b karakostas information and software technology 1999.0 
rural poverty in india : incidence issues and policies sm dev ks parikh mh suryanarayan  1991.0 
towards an interactive high visual complexity animation system c csuri r hackathorn r parent w carlson m acm siggraph computer graphics 1979.0 
work hardening and deformation sub-structure in iron single crystals deformed by tension at 298 k as keh phil . mag  
campylobacter jejuni contains two fur homologs : characterisation of iron-responsive regulation of ahm van vliet mla baillon cw penn jm ketley submitted for  
brain blood flow and neurofeedback h toomis unpublished manuscript  
kahaner report on supercomputer in japan d kahaner available via anonymous ftp from cs . arizona . edu ã cents â ? ¬ & hellip ;  
designing with flash memory b dipert m levy annabooks san  
catching up or falling behind ? economic performance and regional trajectories in the '' new europe '' m dunford a smith economic geography  
improving performance in replicated databases through relaxed coherency m nicola proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
code : the hidden language of computer hardware and software c petzold  1999.0 
in vivo absorption properties of algal pigments rr bidigare me ondrusek jh morrow da kiefer proc .  
efficient view maintenance at data warehouses d agrawal a el abbadi a singh t yurek sigmod rec 1997.0 
bioterrorism responses by health care professionals r moser jr presentations at  
expert opinion in program evaluation d nevo new directions for program evaluation  
extendible hashingâ ?? a fast access method for dynamic files hr strong acm transactions on database systems  
my cat is object-oriented r king acm press frontier series 1989.0 
fast joins using join indices z li ka ross the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
genetic diversity units and major ancestral lineages for sockeye salmon in washington jb shaklee j ames l lavoy  1996.0 
distance-based outliers : algorithms and applications em knorr rt ng v tucakov the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
the correlation of music aptitude scores with mathematical achievement scores for high school s rother  2000.0 
soul of omega : design and implementation of an object-based modeling environment for geoscientific kkh park  1994.0 
clustering high-dimensional data using an efficient and effective data space reduction r orlandic y lai wg yee proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
blinc : multilevel traffic classification in the dark t karagiannis   
semantics and implementation of schema evolution in object-oriented databases '' procs j banerjee w kim hj kim hf korth & hellip ; conference on management of data san francisco california  
fundamentals of dressing the raw materials ( part i ) j vidlã ¡ ã © o hodek technical university ostrava  
surface crystallography by leed ma van hove sy tong  1979.0 
automatic video indexing with incremental gallery creation : integration of recognition and knowledge k okada c von der malsburg   
creating networks through interinstitutional faculty collaboration sr marino new directions for higher education 2002.0 
primitive recursion for higher-order abstract syntax j despeyroux f pfenning c schuermann lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
gaby alan r : nutrltional therapy for the 1990â ?? s und gaby alan r und wright jonathan v : jv wright   
a crime prevention wrap-up : concluding comments on specific crime issues r fossey mc smith new directions for higher education 1996.0 
infant regulation and sleep-wake state development tf anders bl goodlin-jones m zelenko zero to three 1998.0 
decentralized algorithmsfor flowcontrol innetworks d cansever proc . 25th conf . decision and control athens  
school counselors perceptions of current violence intervention/prevention programs a dalhoe  1999.0 
combustion characteristics of compressed natural gas/diesel dual-fuel turbocharged compressed l shenghua z longbao w ziyan r jiang   
h. garcia-m olina and j. widom . change detection in hierarchically structured information s chawathe a rajaraman technical report dept. of computer science stanford university  
mr and meduri v. ( 1996 ) . performance modeling using pdl r vemuri ieee  
two types of verb particle constructions m vinka proceedings of the 23rd annual penn linguistics colloquium : & hellip ;  
servicios unix para pcs basadas en dos k christian pc  
educational guidance [ cd-rom ] ja fruehling microsoftâ ® encarta  
programming with shared data abstractions dm goodeve sa dobson jr davy submitted for publication  
from nationalism to pragmatism : it policy in china kl kraemer j dedrick   
fixed dose subcutaneous low molecular weight heparins versus adjusted dose unfractionated heparin ag van den belt mh prins aw lensing aa castro cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
social learning theory as a framework for the study of adult personality development im ahammer see ref  
the advent of green computer design l goldberg ieee computer 1998.0 
cost and availability tradeoffs in replicated data concurrency control a kurnar a segev acm tods  
knowledge discovery in scientific data s rudolph data mining and knowledge discovery : theory tools and & hellip ; 2000.0 
the r - tree : an efficient and robust access methodforpointsandrectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . 1990 acm-sigmodint . conf . management of  
consequences of diverse reproductive strategies in marine invertebrates gl eckert  1999.0 
0.15 ml buried channel pfet device design r rengarajan m weybright j faltermeier s butt proc . 29th eur . solid-state device res . conf  
inside ole 2 k broeksehmit  1994.0 
checking properties of nets using transformations g berthelot lecture notes in computer science 1986.0 
treatment of recurrent hepatitis c virus infection after liver transplantation with interferon and g goetz mr schoen a haefker r neuhaus t berg transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
chemical models of protein beta-sheets js nowick acc . chem . res  
common names of insects and related organisms . entomol . soc . of america college park jj bosik md  
the american side of the development of algol aj perlis history of programming languages 1978.0 
automated protocol validation h rudin c west p eafiropulo computer  
correlation between magnetic shear and exb shear flow on jet itbs b esposito f crisanti v parail p maget y   
plasmid-encoded multiple antibiotic resistance in vibrio cholerae el tor from bangladesh ej threlfall b rowe i huq lancet i 1980.0 
hs and shim k. 1995 . fast similarity search in the presence of noise scaling and translation in rl agrawal k sawhney proceedings of the 21st international conference on very  
memory hits a glass ceiling s canter pc magazine 1993.0 
feedback in the software evolution process mm lehman   
a variational approach to spline curves on surfaces h pottmann m hofer submitted for publication 2004.0 
plastic microoptical interconnection modules for parallel free-space inter-and intra-mcm data h thienpont c debaes v baukens h ottevaere p proceedings-ieee 2000.0 
controlling the adaptive suspension vehicle te bihari tm walliser mr patterson   
the university of melbourne dnj phd quantum mechanics-demonstration with your cathode ray tube  
software for semidefinite programmingâ ?? userâ ?? s guide l vanderberghe s boyd technical report stanford university princeton nj 1994 . viã ¯  
parity-based loss recovery for reliable multicast communication j nonnenmacher e biersack d towsley proc . of acm  
design and implementation of spatiotemporal database query processing system dh kim kh ryu ch park journal of systems and software 2002.0 
monosomic analysis of resistance to eyespot in the variety â ?? roazon.â ?? j jahier g doussinault f dosba f bourgeois proc . int . wheat genet . symp  
landscape-scale geomorphic influences on vegetation patterns in four environments kc parker j bendix physical geography 1996.0 
supporting multiple access control policies in database systems e bertino s jajodia p samarati   
a software design manifesto m kapor   
the role of professional development in preparing academic leaders sc raines ms alberg new directions for higher education 2003.0 
deriving production rules for constraint maintenance tech s ceri j wmom rep rj7348 ibm almaden research center san jose cahf  
radioactivity in building materials ã?norm s 5200 : a standard in austria to limit to limit natural f steger radon in the living environment athens greece  
experiences with known abo-mismatched renal transplants ad bannett rf mcalack r raja a baquero m transplant proc 1987.0 
delta-4 a generic architecture for dependable distributed computing d powell  1991.0 
the hydrogen economy : the creation of the worldwide energy web and the redistribution of power on j rifkin   
the influence of recall feedback in information retrieval on user satisfaction and user behavior ecm hoenkamp hc van vugt   
ds warren windows on the world dm tmrw d rozenshtem proc acm sigmod conf  
radio-chemistry division r chakravarty rj singh ss rattan bhabha atomic research centre trombay bombay  
users manual for the alewife 1000 controller â ?? alewife systems memo # 19 j kubiatowicz  1991.0 
forty-two-month impacts of vermont 's welfare restructuring project r hendra c michalopoulos   
assessing innovative methods nl smith new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
testing monadic code with quickcheck k claessen j hughes   
quality assuranceâ ?? quality control project plan r traver a welker & hellip ; stormwater porous concrete demonstration siteâ ?? a retrofit  
on the road to cultural bias . media corner . b bigelowâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
process and product quality : perpetuating the myth dn wilson c dawson software quality management-international conference - 1996.0 
international retirement migration in europe : from tourism to residence in the mediterranean regions am williams association of american geographers conference hawaii & hellip ;  
loading a cache with query results lm haas proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
enterprise java ( tm ) platform data access s white r cattell s finkelstein sigmod record 1998.0 
the triangle : a multiprocessor architecture for fast curve and surface generation ad derose tj holman submitted for  
a prospective multicenter trial testing the scoti device for confirmation of endotracheal tube j li journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
invasive aspergillosis after transplantation r guillemain v lavarde c amrein p chevalier transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
gaze behavior of talking faces makes a difference . d heylen i van es b van dijk a nijholt proc . acm-chi  
dr mc carthy the architecture of an active database management system in proc u dayal sigmod conference portland may  
conflict management gossip and affective meaning on nukulaelae n besnier see ref  
refreshment policies for web content caches e cohen h kaplan computer networks 2002.0 
status of 1 mw cw gyrotron development at cpi k felch p borchard p cahalan ts chu h jory cm proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves & hellip ;  
fast incremental indexing for full-text information retrieval vldbâ ?? 94 : proceedings of the 20th ew brown jp callan wb croft  1994.0 
e-ciently updating materialized views j blakely p larson f tompa proceedings acm sigmod conference on management of  
analyzing the impact of school finance reform pr brown rf elmore  1982.0 
vision in mating behaviour of fireflies jf case see ref  
optimal bounds for the predecessor problem p beame   
multiple instance learning for labeling faces in broadcasting news video j yang r yan ag hauptmann proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
immune responses to prrs virus [ a ] t molitor proceedings of the 1993 allen d. leman swine conference  
121 or 122 biology 120 121 or 122 ; calculus 120 chemistry 121 or 122 french 121 or 122 nb english   
fast flip-chip power grid analysis via locality and grid shells e chiprout   
pattern-and colour-dependence of horizontal cell responses in the carp retina ki hara k fukurotani y oomura procs . of the first symposium on testing and identification  
secure andportabledatabaseextensibility m godfrey t mayr p seshadri t von eicken proc . acm sigmod  
topic transition detection using hierarchical hidden markov and semi-markov models dq phung tv duong s venkatesh hh bui proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
population limitation in birds : academic press i newton san diego california  
chinese drugs of plant origin w tang springer  
mutations in the dhcr24 gene encoding 3î ² - hydroxysteroid 24-reductase cause autosomal recessive hr waterham j koster gj romeijn p vreken rc  2001.0 
thesus a closer view on web content management enhanced with link semantics b nguyen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
a bias removal technique for the prediction-based blind adaptive multichannel deconvolution d gesbert p duhamel s mayrargue   
association prosodie-syntaxe : validation par synthã ¨ se p martin proceedings of the 22nd journees dâ ?? ã ? sur la parole  
beyondscholarship reconsidered : toward an enlarged vision of the scholarly work of faculty members re rice new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
nsync - a toolkit for building interactive multimedia presentations b bailey   
estimating flow distribution from sampled flow statistic n duffeld c lund m thorup proc . acm sigcomm aug  
geostatistics for natural resources evaluation : oxford university press p goovaerts new york  
concurrency control protocols for real-time databases s braoudakis  1995.0 
decreasing secular trends in the incidence of hip fracture in women in california : 1983-1992 t baholyodin f philley j bormel dl schneider asbmr seattle washington september  
å 1/2 . 11 . a k. fukui å 1/2 å 1/2 acc . chem . res  
weak compactness of level sets of integral functionals rt rockafellar proceedings of troisieme colloque d &#39; analyse fonctionelle ( & hellip ;  
sheep adrenal inhibin as mcneilly an brooks g baxter r webb see ref  
measuring complexity and coverage of software specifications gh walton jh poore information & software technology 2000.0 
optimization of extended database query languages t seuis l shapiro acm sigmod international conference on the management of  
a literature review of the treatment and education for autistic and related communication td peerenboom  2003.0 
emotional responses to affective displays in others : the distinction between empathy and sympathy rj gruen g mendelsohn journal of personality & social psychology  
lancelot ar conn  1992.0 
intracerebral grafts of neuronal cell suspensions p brundin o isacson fh gage u stenevi a see ref  
part of speech tagging and lemmatisation for the spoken dutch corpus fv eynde j zavrel w daelemans proceedings of lrec-2000â ?? athens greece  
understanding com + : the architecture for enterprise development using microsoft technologies ds platt  1999.0 
diagnosis and symptomatology k hodges new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
corticosteroids for treating severe sepsis and septic shock d annane e bellissant pe bollaert j briegel d cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
pyroclastic rocks rv fisher hu schmincke  1985.0 
toward a model of venture capital investment decision making rd hisrich   
aries : a transaction recovery method supporting fine-granularity locking and partial rollbacks using c mohan d haderle b lindsayâ ? ¦   
making the most of professional reading . hw stubblefield new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
coral : a deductive database programming language r ramakrishnan d srivastava s sudarshan international conference on very large data bases . morgan & hellip ;  
institutions : integrating objects xml and databases s alagic information & software technology 2002.0 
adjunct faculty in the community college : realities and challenges ba wyles new directions for higher education 1998.0 
biomechanical performance of cutting edge surgical needles fh watkins sd london jg neal jg thacker rf journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
usin subcategorization to resolve verb class ambiguity m lapata c brew procs of joint sigdat conference on empirical mathods in & hellip ;  
calibrating inpuff-2 by resident-panelists for long-distance odor dispersion from animal feedlots ld jacobson h guo dr schmidt re nicolai procs . of the 2 ndinternational conference on air pollution from  
density-connected subspace clustering for high-dimensional data k kailing hp kriegel p kroger   
a pattern system for the development of collaborative applications la guerrero da fuller information & software technology 2001.0 
limit theorems for fuzzy random variables fn proske to  
antipsychotic drug actions : a clue to the neuropathology of schizophrenia s matthysse fed proc 1973.0 
efficient time-domain bandwidth allocation for video-on-demand systems k chang h kung   
unit sliding mode control in infinite dimensional systems y orlov vi utkin applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
resistance of transmissible spongiform encephalopathy agents to decontamination dm taylor   
combined laura-ups solution strategy for chemically-reacting flows wa wood & hellip ; thesis university of washington seattle washington june  
radio frequency interference from linear-fm pulses jjg mccue interim technical report massachusetts inst . of tech. & hellip ; 1974.0 
quantitative genetic studies and population improvement in maize and sorghum co gardner proc int conf quant genet  
extramedullary fixation implants and external fixators for extracapsular hip fractures mj parker hh handoll cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
nodose : a tool for semi-automatically extracting structured and semi-structured data from text b adelberg sigmod record 1998.0 
evaluating the effects of natural language generation techniques on reader satisfaction c callaway j lester   
fault-tolerant systems e mccluskey technical report csl-199 stanford university  
( ( efficient minimization of deterministic weak ï?â ?? automata ) ) 2001 c loding submitted for  
seila output analysis for simulation f andrew proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter  
exploiting constraint-like data characterizations in query optimization p godfrey j gryz c zuzarte sigmod conference 2001.0 
analysis of variance in experimental design hr lindman  1991.0 
scaling up output capacity and performance results from information systems prototypes . jc westland acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
nistir 6376 national institute of standards and technology 100 bureau drive gaithersburg mj donahue dg porter md  
xenotransplantation : the transplantation of organs and tissues between species dkc cooperâ ? ¦  1997.0 
building a strategic model for edinburgh j bates m brewer p hanson d mcdonald d proceedings of seminar d ptrc 19th summer annual meeting  
k jamieson h. balakrishnan and r. morris â ?? span : an energy-efficient coordination algorithm for b chen proc . acm mobicomâ ?? 01  
xml type checking with macro tree transducers s maneth a berlea t perst h seidl   
prospero : a tool for organizing internet resources bc neuman   
tuned risc devices deliver top performance d bursky electronic  
efficient incremental garbage collection for workstation/server database systems l amsaleg   
metallization of bacterial surface layer by cross-beam pulsed laser deposition w pompe m mertig r kirsch aa gorbunov a sewing proceedings of spie 1996.0 
the design of a mechanical assembly system tl perez technical report massachusetts institut of technology  
visualization studies of polymer melt flow anomalies in extrusion n bergem procs 7th int congr rheol gothenberg  
growth implosions and debt explosions : do growth slowdowns cause public debt crises ? wr easterly   
a manual for the abridged early social communication scales ( escs ) p mundy c delgado j block m venezia a hogan j unpublished manuscript  
repository systems engineering tutorial pa bernstein proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
biogeographical studies of rocky shores near point conception california rf doyle  1985.0 
on the marriage of lp-norms and edit distance l chen r ng proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
knowledge partitioning in outsourced software development : a field study a tiwana & hellip ; conference on information systems ( icis seattle washington & hellip ; 2003.0 
nexusscout : an advanced location-based application on a distributed open mediation platform d nicklas m grossmann t schwarz proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
comparison between laboratory analysis and sieving using laboratory scale model muckpiles pd katsabanis proceedings of the 25 thannual conference on explosives and & hellip ;  
screening for breast cancer with mammography o olsen pc gotzsche cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
domain data typing d livingstone information and software technology 1995.0 
refining the level for anticipated hepatotoxicity in acetaminophen poisoning el brandwene sr williams c tunget-johnson sg journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
a survey of schema versioning issues for database systems jf roddick   
an environment for management of end-to-end qos over ip-based heterogeneous networks jpr costa ab de lima cr barra jra amazonas   
ultrastructural localization of epididymal secretory proteins associated with the surface of c garcãa f regalado ms lã ³ pez de haro a nieto the histochemical journal 1988.0 
measuring multiethnic spatial segregation dws wong urban geography 1998.0 
ifq : a visual query interface and query generator for object-based media retrieval ws li   
morphometrical changes in eggs of rhodnius prolixus ( heteroptera : reduviidae ) during development lf chaves p ramoni-perazzi e lizano n aã ± ez   
sec a boiler pv code viii div .  
a multimediaenhanced cscw teleservice for wide area cooperative authoring of multimediadocuments h thimm acm sigois bulletin 1994.0 
of the sixth east-european conference on advances in databases and information systems adbis ' 2002 sa stupnikov la kalinichenko d jin song  2002.0 
planning concurrency and managing iteration in projects s denker d steward t browning project management journal 2001.0 
partial match retrieval of multidimensional data p flajolet c puech journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1986.0 
colonization patterns by the bacterial flora of young pigs c pijoan m torremorell g solano proc . 28th annual meeting aasp quebec city canada  
a similarity-aware approach to testing based fault localization d hao y pan l zhang w zhao h mei j sun proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
peoplesoft acts on dip in user satisfaction c stedman computerworld  
the role of information systems in informationâ ?? level security management c lueg   
back-propagation fuzzy system as nonlinear dynamic system identifiers . lx wang jm mendel   
designing buffers for router line cards s iyer rr kompella n mckeown stanford university hpng technical report-tr02-hpng-031001  
a rationale for modeling dynamic ecological systems ne kowal see ref  
ingestion of antacid tablets ( rennie ) and acute confusion d vanpee e delgrange jb gillet j donckier journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
the faculty supervisor . tr baines new directions for higher education 1974.0 
environment models and information assimilation r jam ibm almaden research lab . tech . report  
flowback : providing backward recovery for workflow management systems distributed systems b kiepuszewski r muhlberger m orlowska technical report dstc-tr-9840 1998 http://www . dstc . edu . au /  
using quantitative information for efficient association rule generation b pã ´ ssas w meira jr m carvalho r resende j. braz . comp . soc 2000.0 
ieee-p1451 . 2 smart transducer interface module s woodsâ ? ¦ proceedings sensors expo philadelphia  
declarative specification of data-intensive web sites m fernandez   
contention over space and place c tilly mobilization-san diego - 2003.0 
a simulation study of simultaneous vector prefetch performance in multiprocessor memory subsystems '' ww hwu tm conte proc . acm  
p ^ * time : highly scalable oltp dbms for managing update-intensive stream workload sk cha c song proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
connectionist learning in backgammon jr bachrach coins technical report university of massachusetts amherst ma  
yang. b. integrating vertical and horizontal partitioning into automated physical database design s agrawal v narasayya proceedings of acm sigmod  
comparative studies of lithosphere flexure on earth and venus r mettier  2002.0 
multiâ ?? level transaction mangement for complex objects : implementation g weikum c hasse performance parallelism to appear in : vldb journal  
latency-sensitive hashing for collaborative web caching kl wu ps yu www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
new linear parameterisation of all stabilising compensators for single-input/single-output plants g celentano g de maria   
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database recovery problem l gravano h garcia-molina a tomasic proc . of the acm sigmod conference minneapolis minnesota  
new histogram techniques for selectivity estimation x yu awc fu nt shatin h kong   
primary care physician and patient factors that result in patients seeking emergency care in a d boushy i dubinsky journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
database repairing using updates jef wijsen acm transactions on database systems 2005.0 
susan budassi sheehy : emergency nursing 's renaissance woman . sb sheehy journal of emergency nursing 1989.0 
narses : a scalable flow-based network simulator m baker t giuli technical report department of computer science stanford  
technology 's contribution to higher education productivity wf massy ak wilger new directions for higher education 1998.0 
mural : a formal development support system cb jonesâ ? ¦  1991.0 
synthesis of carbon nanotubes with the easy tube system a note firstnano santa barbara  
discriminant analysis of principal components for face recognition w zhao a krishnaswamy r chellappa dl swets j nato asi series f computer and systems sciences 1998.0 
exceptions in sgml document grammars p kilpelainen d wood submitted for publication  
radiofrequency denervation for neck and back pain . a systematic review of randomized controlled l niemisto e kalso a malmivaara s seitsalo h cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
antiphase boundary energies in iron-aluminium alloys rc crawford ilf ray phil . mag  
deriving production rules for constraint maintenance j widom s ceri proc . 16th conf . on vldb  
prehistoric archaeology and american society bg trigger see ref  
bridging practice and theory for womenâ ?? s adult development k taylor c marienau new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
acm portal google inc. tm vijayaraman ap buchmann c mohan nl sarda proceedings of the 22th international conference on very & hellip ; 1996.0 
selectivity estimation for spatial joins n an zy yang a sivasubramaniam   
relaxing the universal relation scheme assumption j stein d maier proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
practical dependence testing g goff k kennedy cw tseng proceedings of the acm sigplan 1991 conference on & hellip ; 1991.0 
testing for cointegration with transaction costs : the case of the law of one price t mastroyiannis je pippenger   
time domain investigations of trapatt diode oscillator circuits ml ryken jr ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1976.0 
overstocking the range : a critical analysis of the environmental science of sahelian pastoralism m turner economic geography 1993.0 
range-max/min query in olap data cube hg li tw ling sy lee proceedings of the 11th international conference on database & hellip ; 2000.0 
update : metlife outsources network management to at & t j cope computerworld  
the information theoretical significance of spatial and temporal masking in video signals b girod proc . spie 1989.0 
teaching from notes : some cognitive consequences . rs day new directions for teaching and learning : learning & hellip ;  
discovery web services : an overview v draluk apers p. proc of international conf vldb 2001.0 
milan : a model based integrated simulation framework for design of embedded systems a bakshi vk prasanna a ledecziâ ? ¦   
minority gains essential to us technology future r bruner electronic news  
the marian czech repulic m kominek struct . engrg . int . zurich .  
an enhanced realtime multitasking basic interpreter . pp dasiewicz information and software technology 1988.0 
o @ rnization of nested sql queries revisited ra ganski hkt wung proc . 1987 sigmod may  
media objects in time - a multimedia streaming system - work in progress paper v 1.5 b feustel tc schmidt computer networks 2001.0 
an overview of the versioning problem w kent   
protocols are programs too : the meta-heuristic search for security protocols ja clark jl jacob   
real-time control of the cmu direct drive arm ti using customized inverse dynamics t kanade pk klnosla n tanaka proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference on decision and  
the oo7 bechmark m carey d dewitt j naughton acm sigmod  
an sql-based query language for networks of relations a basu sigmod record 1990.0 
the surface texture of human skin . ta quilliam j audiov media med 1978.0 
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases j gray p sundaresan s englert sigmod conference 1994.0 
designing collaborative learning places : psychological foundations and new frontiers ka graetz mj goliber new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
mude ( demonstration ) : a multimedia database engine for content-based retrieval jk wu ad narasimhalu yh ang cp lam hh loh b proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
alasvegasalgorithmforlinearprogrammingwhenthedimensionissmall kl clarkson proc . 29th annu . ieee sympos . found . comput . sci  
survey results of women who have been strangled while in an abusive relationship l wilbur m higley j hatfield z surprenant e journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
e-cient incremental garbage collection for client server object database systems in â ?? vldb95â ?? l amsaleg m franklin o gruber zurich switzerland  
the dis-diseasing of mental health h goolishian unpublished manuscript  
packing of three copies of a digraph into the transitive tournament m pilsniak   
wolfe . boundingdelaysinpacketrouting networks m harchol-balterandd proc . 27th acm stoc  
genie : a generalized array optimizer for vlsi synthesis s devadas ar newton proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
rule learning events in the acquisition of a complex skill k vanlehn submitted for publication  
magnesium supplementation in pregnancy m makrides ca crowther cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
stream query processing for healthcare bio-sensor applications cm chen h agrawal m cochinwala d rosenbluth data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
the interlace polynomial : a new graph polynomial r arratia   
the us federal pki and the federal bridge certification authority p alterman computer networks 2001.0 
cleaning and querying noisy sensors e elnahrawy b nath proceedings of acm wsnaâ ?? 03 2003.0 
individual and collective processes in the construction of the self : self-enhancement in the united s kitayama hr markus h matsumoto v journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
referee : trust management for web applications yh chu j feigenbaum ba lamacchia p resnick m www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
detecting change in data streams s ben-david j gehrke d kifer   
grassrooting the space of flows m castells urban geography 1999.0 
aboriginal rugby league players : maximising participation and minimising involvement c hallinan proceedings of the 25 thanniversary bicentennial conference & hellip ;  
digital coach : a computerized exercise system f hoffman p jennings f vogt technical paper ibm almaden research center : not published  
fig working week je stoter pjm van oosterom hd ploeger h aalders athens greece may  
geometric poisson density estimation of the number of software failures m sahinoglu ieee proc . 28th annual reliability spring seminar of the  
godesberg 1994-ergã $ nzt 1996 bnbb seiten   
unlocking knowledge assets s conway c sligar  2002.0 
parallel similarity search and alignment with the dynamic programming method ar galper dl brutlag   
problem corner : an experiment with grauâ ?? s ternary boolean algebra j christian   
an efficient cost model for optimization of nearest neighbor search in low and medium dimensional y tao j zhang d papadias n mamoulis ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
causal models of adolescent substance use : an examination of gender differences using distribution - m windle gm barnes j welte journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
varieties of investigative evaluation . nl smithâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
estimating the selectivity of spatial queries using the â ?? correlationâ ?? fc belussia proc . 21st international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
checking the congruence between a program and its organizational environment c roberts-gray ma scheirer new directions for program evaluation  
comparison of two path restoration schemes in self-healing networks y xiong l mason computer networks 2002.0 
simon 's rock : meeting the developmental needs of the early college student . n goldberger new directions for higher education 1980.0 
drainable pavement systemsâ ?? participant notebook fh administration demonstration project  
progressive multilevel meshes from octree particles y yemez f schmitt 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ; 1999.0 
the aeroelastic code hawcã?model and comparisons ' jt petersen proc . 28th meet . of experts iea annex xi  
intelligence and mobility for btâ ?? s next generation networks mi wardlaw bt technology journal 2005.0 
communalities & disparities : findings of the mufon abduction transcription project d wright & hellip ; international symposium proceedings . seattle/washington  
time series characterisation schemes for the modified probabilistic neural network a zaknich c desilva y attikiouzel & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems ( & hellip ;  
confinement of metal complexes within porous hosts : development of functional materials for gas ll welbes as borovik acc . chem . res 2005.0 
squeezer : an efficient algorithm for clustering categorical data h zengyou x xiaofei d shengchun journal of computer science and technology 2002.0 
tangible program histories ta proebsting bg zorn   
the unique influence of lower hunter coal measures on reactive soil phenomena in the newcastle area . sg fityus md delaney proc. 28th symp . on advances in the study of the sydney & hellip ;  
discrete positive-real functions and their application to system stability l hitz bdo anderson proc . iee  
â ?? improving round-trip estimates in reliable transport protocols p karn c partridge proceedings of acm sigcomm  
catalytic asymmetric synthesis . se denmark en jacobsen acc chem res 2000.0 
conformations of linear chains . systematics and suggestions for nomenclature j michl r west acc . chem . res 2000.0 
isolation of protoplast in citrus a vardi proc . int . soc . citriculture  
extended ephemeral logging : log storage management for applications with long-lived transactions js keen wj dally acm transactions on database systems 1997.0 
marylandâ ?? s forests : a health report . maryland department of natural resourcesâ ?? forest service ec schwaab l alban j riley r rabaglia ke md  
queueing model based network server performance control l sha x liu y lu t abdelzaher proceedings of the 23rd ieee real-time systems symposium ( & hellip ; 2002.0 
parametric trajectory models for speech recognition h gish k ng   
the cytochemistry of glycoconjugates in the planum nasolabial gland of the goat as studied by a tsukise w meyer o fujimori k yamada the histochemical journal 1988.0 
sizing buffer strips to maintain water quality jm broderson  1973.0 
a query language for manipulating object-oriented databases '' am alashqur syw su h lam proceedings of the fifth international conference on vldb & hellip ;  
query by image and video content : the qbic system q huang b dom m gorkani j hafner d lee d ieee computer  
this work was partially sponsored by the european communities as an esprit project ( p-530 epsilon ) bonp evaluation sigmod record 1990.0 
path rewriting in semistructured data d debarbieux y roos s tison y andre ac caron   
distributing many points on a sphere eb saff abj kuijlaars mathematical intelligencer 1997.0 
try try again k nash m songini computerworld  
preparing for the centennial of the pledge of allegiance : an annotated bibliography . mt williams social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
programas de educaciã ³ n para la tolerancia y prevenciã ³ n de la violencia en los jã ³ venes mj diaz-aguadoâ ? ¦ tomo i  
the canonical almost complex structure on the manifold of 1-jets of pseudo-holomorphic mappings p gauduchon appendix  
foote hospital emergency department : shattering a paradigm m jezierski journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
isomorphisms and traversability of directed path graphs h broersma x li   
a novel method for video tracking performance evaluation j black t ellis p rosin   
interaction between strains of pseudomonas solanacearum its hosts and the environment er french see ref  
embedding data mappers with distributed memory machine compilers r ponnusamy j saltz r das c koelbel a acm sigplan notices 1993.0 
exemplar-based likelihoods using the pdf projection theorem t minka   
interfacing a query language to a codasyl dbms . rm tagg sigmod record 1983.0 
ibm soa â ?? on the edgeâ ?? gj cuomo proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
graphicacy wgv balchin geography  
overt visual attention for a humanoid robot s vijayakumar j conradt t shibata s schaal   
xcpath the first order complete xpath dialect m marx proc . of the 23rd acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ; 2004.0 
controlling information exchange in distributed bayesian networks j shen v lesser n carver   
up against authentic history : helping teachers make the most of primary source materials on-line b tally electronic learning  
automatic extraction of motion trajectories in compressed sports videos h yi d rajan lt chia proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
evaluating effectiveness in computing centers a varanelli new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
little planning goes a long way : needs analysis . s abraham computerworld. 1982.0 
heterogeneous database query optimization in db2 universal datajoiner 24th conf . on very large s venkataraman t zhang new york  
recombinant growth hormone in children and adolescents with turner syndrome cb cave j bryant r milne cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
mechanism for synergistic antitumor effect in the combination of 5-fluorouracil with cisplatin in t shirasaka y shimamoto h ohshimo a kimura m gan to kagaku ryoho 1991.0 
heroism as a nursing virtue v lanara  1996.0 
focusing criterion m charfi a nyeck a tosser electronic  
â ?? a 13.5-bit cost optimized multi-bit delta-sigma adc for adslâ ?? a wiesbauer h weinberger m clara j hauptmann proceedings of the 25 thesscirc september  
improving sna response time . k gell computerworld. 1982.0 
a vaccine purchase commitment : cost-effectiveness estimates and pricing guidelines . r glennerster m kremer unpublished manuscript  
introduction to the theory of cognitive grammar rw langacker university of california santa barbara  
proactive re-optimization s babu p bizarro d dewitt   
reconstruction : america 's unfinished revolution 1863-1877 e foner   
false sharing and its effect on shared memory performance ml scott wj bolosky technical report msr-tr-93-01 microsoft research one microsoft  
an overview of the stanford real-time information processor b adelberg b kao h garcia-molina acm sigmod record  
brief psychosesâ ?? the acute and transient psychotic disorders a marneros f pillmann  2002.0 
b culshaw proc spie smart structures and materials g thursby b sorazu f dong d betz san diego  
relational computation for mining association rules from xml data hc liu j zeleznikow proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
remos : a portable object oriented environment for multiprocessor real time applications g carnevale j panman f riccardi procs . of  
toxicologic evaluation of fk 506 . k ohara r billington rw james ga dean m transplantation proceedings 1990.0 
a region based representation for image and video retrieval y deng  1999.0 
influence of overlap on the convergence rate of waveform relaxation mj gander am stuart  1996.0 
a syntax-directed approach to inverse compilation cr hollander proc .  
endogenous tourist development . articulated or disarticulated tourist development pt st  1999.0 
boolean query mapping across heterogeneous information sources kcc chang   
schumpeter 's theory of economic evolution : a darwinian interpretation m kelm journal of evolutionary economics 1997.0 
nonlinear phenomena and intermittency in ion bernstein wave heating plasma y baoâ ? ¦ proc . 28th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;  
differential files : their application to the maintenance of large databases dg severance gm lohman acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
peer to peer data management : introduction to a special issue k aberer sigmod record  
boston architects cited for use of cad tools . k hafner computerworld. 1983.0 
surgical management of pelvic organ prolapse in women c maher k baessler cma glazener e adams s cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
sleepers andworkaholicscaching strategiesinmobile environments d barbara t imielinski proc . of acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
a hard-headed look at labour standards r freeman & hellip ; labor bureau of international labor affairs international & hellip ;  
effective assessment and institutional change cb cote m jordan new directions for higher education 2002.0 
amord explicit control of reasoning j de kleer j doyle gl steele jr gj sussman acm sigart bulletin 1977.0 
general match : a subsequence matching method in time-series databases based on generalized windows ys moon ky whang ws han sigmod conference 2002.0 
the damped double inverted pendulum : poles zeros and symbolic controllability pj larcombe fj brufton dg sbarbaro systems science-wroclaw - 1996.0 
semi-materialized view approach for route guidance in intelligence vehicle highway systems y huang n jing e rundensteiner proc acm gis workshop  
diffraction gratings with controlled groove form and abnormal distribution of intensity rw wood phil . mag  
xsn nmr studies of biological systems k kanamori jd roberts acc . chem . res  
dispositional emotionality and regulation : their role in predicting quality of social functioning n eisenberg ra fabes ik guthrie m reiser journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
supporting similarity queries in mars '' yr michaelortega sm kaushikchakrabarti sh thomas proc . of acm conf . on multimedia  
unipotent hecke algebras : the structure representation theory and combinatorics fne thiem  2004.0 
predicated register allocation ae eichenberger es davidson   
a metadatabase system for semantic image search by a mathematical model of meaning y kiyoki t kitagawa t hayama sigmod record 1994.0 
wavelength converter sharing in a wdm optical packet switch : dimensioning and performance issues v eramo m listanti computer networks 2000.0 
on the exact security of full domain hash js coron lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
gielen â ?? simulation-based automatic generation of signomial and posynomial performance models for w daems proc . acm/ieee iccad  
data modelling versus ontology engineering acm sigmod studer r. vr benjamins et al. ( 1998 ) . '' p spyns r meersmanâ ? ¦ data and knowledge engineering  
improving teaching : how a clearinghouse helps . ca kirkendall new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
pathfinder : xqueryâ ?? the relational way p boncz t grust m van keulen s manegold j proc . vldb conf 2005.0 
civil forfeiture and the war on drugs : lessons from economics and history dj boudreaux ac pritchard san diego law review 1996.0 
easy estimation of normalizing constants and bayes factors from posterior simulation : stabilizing jm satagopan ma newton ae raftery unpublished manuscript 2000.0 
transplantation of heart pancreas spleen and kidney to the neck in rats m olaussen l mjoerstedt b frisk h bryunger l proc int microsurg soc  
a framework for linking culture and improvement initiatives in organizations jr detert rg schroeder jj mauriel academy of management review 2000.0 
protection in programming-language translations m abadi lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
the rationalization of the organizational meeting : implications of group support systems for power d clapper p prasad proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1993.0 
an analyzable annotation language s khurshid d marinov d jackson   
superinfection and the evolution of parasite virulence ma nowak rm may proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
the escalation of commitment to a course of action bm staw the academy of management review 1981.0 
experimental determination of the fluid-absent melting relations in the pelitic system d vielzeuf jr holloway contributions to mineralogy and petrology 1988.0 
is policies target e-mail harassment . m bette j maglitta   
clearing a path through the management fashion jungle : some preliminary trailblazing pp carson pa lanier kd carson bn guidry   
an object-oriented sgml/hytime compliant multimedia database management system mt oezsu p iglinski d szafron s el-medani m   
is environmental degradation causing drought in the sahel ? an assessment from recent empirical m hulme geography  
computer im deutschunterricht fernstudieneinheit 14 langenscheidt mã 1/4 nchen 2000 m grã?ner t hassert   
are shame guilt and embarrassment distinct emotions ? jp tangney rs miller l flicker dh barrow journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
on the estimation of the number of desired records wrh respect to a given query ct ytr ws luk mk sitr acm trans database syst  
design and performance tools for data base systems pp chen sb yao vldb 1977.0 
an efficient domain-independent algorithm for detecting approximately duplicate database records [ c ] em alvaro e charles proceedings of the acm-sigmod workshop on research issues on  
omt distinguished scholar lecture m tushman academy of management annual meeting seattle washington  
agent-based semantic interoperability in infosleuth t austin b bargmeyer ep agency sigmod record 1999.0 
cã ³ digo de planeamiento urbano ambiental de la ciudad de resistencia der municipalidad tomo i  
a kif proposal mr genesereth technical report stanford university  
acm portal google inc. a el abbadi ml brodie s chakravarthy u dayal n proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 
capturing the '' economic imagination '' : a treasury of children 's books to meet content standards a kehler social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
fuzzy functional dependencies and lossless join decomposition of fuzzy relational database systems k raju ak majumdar acm transactions on database systems 1988.0 
a single glycosylation site within the receptor-binding domain of the avian sarcoma/leukosis virus se delos mj burdick jm white virology-new york - 2002.0 
determination of air brake adjustment from air pressure data ld kandt pg reinhall rr scheibe proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
worldwide geothermal resources jc rowley see ref  
r-trees : a dynamic index for geometric data a guttman proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
sturmâ ?? s theorem for hyperelliptic integrals ab givental algebra i analiz  
large shareholders of banks : shareholder activism and the impact of the regulatory environment ka kim sg rhee unpublished manuscript  
set theory f hausdorff   
lie groups and algebraic groups al onishchik eb vinberg  1990.0 
business behavior value and growth wj baumol  1959.0 
two studies show students gain when teaming up . gw bracey electronic learning 1988.0 
review of research on ta training . rd abbott new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
convexication rate in minkowski averaging processes n dyn e farkhi   
an extended owner-coupled set data model and predicate calculus for database management j bradley acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
the kulturarw project-the swedish royal web archive a arvidson electronic library 1998.0 
advances in program theory nl smith l bickman new directions for program evaluation  
modelling human power and endurance rh morton journal of mathematical biology 1990.0 
link-based and content-based evidential information in a belief network model i silva b ribeiro-neto p calado e moura n proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
â ?? effi crently updatrng materlalrzed views ja blakeley p larson fw tompa proceedings of the 1986 acm-sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
microsoft excel 3 companion df cobb  1991.0 
optimal horn antenna design to excite high purity gaussian beam using overmoded waveguides r gonzalo c del rão j teniente m sorolla proc . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter  
infrasound monitoring of atmospheric events he bass ma garces ma hedlin gl dâ ?? spain jv   
national marine fisheries service v tuttle northwest fisheries science center seattle  
programming visual c++ jk davidâ ? ¦  1998.0 
rudy setiiono huan liu a connectionist approach to data mining h lu proceedings of the 21st vldb zurish swizerland  
normal forms and relational database operators r fagin   
comparative study of two congestion pricing schemes : auction and tatonnement x wang h schulzrinne computer networks 2004.0 
effect of dose on the pharmacokinetics of intravenous nicotine in the rat rp miller ks rotenberg j adir   
autofocus : a tool for automatic traffic analysis c estan g varghese proceedings of acm sigcomm  
discovering marketing-driven navigation patterns ag bã 1/4 chner m baumgarten md mulvenna ss anand submitted for publication  
empowering women 's citizenship la staeheli ms cope political geography 1994.0 
ws-gaf : a grid application framework based on web services specifications and practices . s parastatidis j webber p watson t rischbeck submitted for publication  
et alii ( 1999 ) . â ?? ipchinook : an integrated ip-based design framework for distributed embedded p chou proceedings acm press  
users remaining loyal despite frame-relay hype kx girard computerworld  
communication complexity of secure computation m franklin   
traffic scenarios for the 21st century mh lyons ko jensen i hakwer bt technology journal 1993.0 
the discre'e geodesic problem m mitchell dm mount ch papadimitriou technical report department of operations research stanford  
le laurium antique et la technique grecque de la production de lâ ?? argent ec konofagos  1980.0 
national rural services survey 2000 c agency isbn  
andj . yen â ?? comparisonofteleworkintheusandjapan : aculturalcontingency model â ?? k higa v sivakumar proc . of acm sigcpr/sigmis conf  
intra-transaction concurrency control and the nt/pv model hf korth gd speegle  1990.0 
instantaneous frequency and amplitude of vibrato in singing voice ieeexplore.ieee.org   
variation in extinction risk among birds : chance or evolutionary predisposition ? pm bennett ipf owens proceedings : biological sciences 1997.0 
unsteady phenomena hypersonic flows and co-operative flow visualization in aerospace research hg pagendarm   
the software concordance : a new software document management environment tn nguyen ev munson proceedings of acm conf . on comp . documentation 2003.0 
the automatic classification of modulation types by pattern recognition cs weaver ca cole rb krumland ml miller & hellip ; laboratories stanford university technical report  
modeling of workload in mpps j jann p pattnaik h franke f wang j skovira j lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
the distributed human neural system for face perception jv haxby ea hoffman mi gobbini   
peersdi : a peer-to-peer information dissemination system k zhao s zhou l xu w cai a zhou   
structure of enzyme : substrate complexes at very high resolution reveal the chemical reaction s umhau l pollegioni g molla k diederichs w   
vision and navigation in man-made environments : looking for syrup in all the right places . in < i > dd fu kj hammond mj swain  1994.0 
daylight techniques in buildings : reference handbook aa argiriou dn asimakopoulos ca balaras  1997.0 
a simple model and its empirical validation p jitendra f victor t don k jim mtcp proceedings of acm sigcomm  
the chios gum mastic j perikos print all ltd. athens greece 95p  
media streams : representing video for retrieval and repurposing m davis proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
abstraction mechanisms in theta m day r gruber b liskov   
dtl 's dataspot : database exploration using plain language s dar g entin s geva e palmon vldb 1998.0 
distributed multimedia systems vok li w liao proceedings-ieee 1997.0 
enlists participants external to the development organization to use and test the product . 4.2 b testing release demonstration versionâ ?? enables pre-release product  
application of stochastic optimal control to thin rib machining m anjanappa dk anand j kirk   
jim gray speaks out m winslett sigmod record 2003.0 
modelling framework for sustainable development : integrating environmental considerations in ks parikh mk panda ns murthy   
learn microsoft visual j + + 6.0 now k ingalls d jinguji microsoft  
how clonal are human mitochondria ? a eyre-walker nh smith jm smith proceedings : biological sciences 1999.0 
on integrals of the hydrodynamical equations which express vortex motion h helmholtz phil . mag  
a culture assessment of xyz manufacturing company by andrea c. price a research paper k lui  2003.0 
hollis dp fenselau c. lane rb guchhait se polakis md  
molecular cloning of cdna and tissue-specific expression of the gene for sii-k 1 a novel y taira t kubo s natori genes to cells 1998.0 
a complete axiomatization of real-time processes r gerber i lee a zwarico & hellip ; of pennsylvania { submitted for publication february  
usability analysis of 3d rotation techniques to appear k hinckley j tulio r pausch d proffitt n proc . of acm symp . uistâ ?? 97  
xmlin action wj pardi  1999.0 
sett-net : a network for software engineering training and teaching k zdravkova k bothe z budimac   
fair exchange with a semi-trusted third party mk franklin mk reiter   
a draft integration of information models d oliver procs . of tutorial and workshop on engineering of computer - & hellip ;  
the worldinfo assistant : an application for spatio-temporal information integration on the web jl ambite ca knoblock mr kolahdouzan m muslea 27th international conference on very large data bases (  
pcr protocols : a guide to methods and applications ( innis ma gelfand dh sninsky jj and white ma innis san diego  
lifetime reproduction in birds : academic press i newton san diego california  
inside microsoft com + base services g eddon h eddon  1999.0 
regulation and subcellular location of the plasmid encoded virulence ( spv ) proteins in wild-type a el-gedaily  1997.0 
value grouping for binary decision trees historical.ncstrl.org   
individuation gender role and dissent : personality mediators of situational forces c maslach rt santee c wade journal of personality and social psychology  
energy efficiency indexing on air t imielinski s viswanathan br badrinath proceedings of the international conference on sigmod  
web search sites : lycos safetynet b falkinburg pc magazine online  
a new perspective on rule support for object-oriented databases e anwar l maugis s chakravarthy   
weighted moving identification and control for multivariable systems wt wu yt chu kc chen & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1988.0 
resource scheduling in enhanced pay-per-view continuous media databases mn garofalakis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
hierarchical behavioural control for autonomous vehicles c voudouris p chernett cj wang vl callaghan procs . of the 2nd ifac conf . on intelligent autonomous  
physical programming : software you can touch j montemayor proceedings of acm sigchi acm press 2001.0 
design of an electron cyclotron heating system for the iter tokamak m makowski proc . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter  
designing experiential environments for management of personal multimedia r singh r knickmeyer p gupta r jain proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
sudarshan \ \ the coral deductive database system '' ibid r ramakrishnan s seshadri   
thetheoryofprobabilistic databases r cavallo m pittarelli proc . vldb  
learning argument/adjunct distinction for basque i aldezabal m aranzabe k gojenola k sarasola a   
touch and goâ ?? designing haptic feedback for a hand-held mobile device so ` modhrain bt technology journal 2004.0 
a database model for object dynamics mp papazoglou bj krã $ mer the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
development of corba-based engineering applications from legacy fortran programs j sang gj follen cm kim i lopez information & software technology 2002.0 
debunking the \ \ expensive procedure call '' myth or procedure call implementations considered harmful g lewis steele jr acm conference  
r gruber u. maheshwari a myers and l. shrira . safe and efficient sharing of persistent objects b liskov a adya m castro m day s ghe-mawat proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
querying and mining data streams : you only get one look a tutorial mn garofalakis j gehrke r rastogi sigmod conference 2002.0 
what is more important to effective governance : relationships trust and leadership or structures a kezar new directions for higher education 2004.0 
guest editorial s chaudhuri data mining and knowledge discovery 2000.0 
financial management and strategic planning . n dickmeyer new directions for higher education 1982.0 
london : the stationery office b pharmacopoeia   
a system for interactive error detection ga wilson vldb 1979.0 
optimistic priority-based concurrency control protocol for firm real-time database systems jh kim hs shin information & software technology  
design of pam and pwm controllers for sampled-data interval systems ls shieh wm wang jw sunkel proc . spie 1996.0 
towards a semantic view of en extended entity-relationship diagram m gogolla u hohestein acm transactions on database systems  
automatic editing and curve-fitting of 3-d surface scan data of the human body p li prm jones 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1997 . proceedings. & hellip ; 1997.0 
investigating the random error distribution of vector network analyser measurements nm ridler pr young proc . 29th automated rf & microwave measurement society ( & hellip ;  
intrinsic atomic characterizations of function spaces on domains h triebel   
intensity of exercise for the treatment of osteoarthritis l brosseau l macleay v robinson g wells p cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
economic and monetary union in europe and constraints on national budgetary policies al bovenberg j kremers p masson contributions to economic analysis 1993.0 
on the flux distribution in a onedimensional disordered system c monthus a comtet j. phys . i france 1994.0 
outcomes-oriented marketing . gd kuh gh wallman new directions for higher education 1986.0 
tratado de farmacia prã ¡ ctica a hager vol . i  
bimodal speech recognition using lip movement measured by optical-flow analysis k iwano s tamura s furui   
sql and management of external data gc introduction sigmod record 2001.0 
enabling full service surrogates using the portable channel representation m beck t moore l abrahamsson c achouiantz p computer networks 2002.0 
time and databases g ariav j clifford m jarke sigmod conference  
course of acarine disease in the field g giordani proc . 26th int . apiculture congress adelaide australia  
designing the user interface ( videotape ) university of maryland at college park college park b shneiderman md  
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us i morphett bt technology journal 1999.0 
finite element models for creeping convection a sato eg thompson i.  
dsac : integrity for outsourced databases with signature aggregation and chaining m narasimha g tsudik proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
voluntary turnover social capital and organizational performance gg dess jd shaw academy of management review 2001.0 
how to physically build and maintain pops around the world t brain bt technology journal 2000.0 
couples coping with a myocardial infarction : a contextual perspective on wivesâ ?? distress jc coyne daf smith journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
algebraic specification ja bergstra j heering p klint  1989.0 
'' did they actually really believe this ? '' authentic medical documents as a window on the past . j riley social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
the nucleus : panel discussion fl whipple study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
anatomy of the selection problem cf manski the journal of human resources 1989.0 
a predicate matching algorithm for database rule systems en hanson m chaabouni c kim y wang proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 1990.0 
methods and standards for encryption of spacecraft telemetry and telecommand links ra rueppel hp bader  1985.0 
institutional theory and institutional change : introduction to the special research forum mt dacin j goodstein wr scott academy of management journal 2002.0 
stewardship of resources for private higher education . dr moore new directions for higher education 1986.0 
the psycle project : educational multimedia for conceptual understanding n hammond j mckendree w reader a trapp proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
children in a violent society jd osofskyâ ? ¦   
online appendix to characterizing memory requirements for queries over continuous data streams j widom acm transactions on database systems 2004.0 
modularization techniques for active rules design e baralis s ceri s paraboschi acm transactions on database systems 1996.0 
an algebraic approach to static analysis of active database rules e baralis j widom acm transactions on database systems 2000.0 
bases in equivariant k-theory ii represent c lusztig tb . ( electronic )  
approach and issues ahsv indexing acm sigmod record  
managerial effectiveness wj reddin  1970.0 
nonparametric regression analysis of longitudinal data hg mã 1/4 ller  1988.0 
numerical study of a prototype needle-free powdered vaccine and drug delivery system mp hardy nj quinlan maf kendall bj bellhouse proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on shock & hellip ;  
efficient query processing for multi-dimensionally clustered tables in db2 b bhattacharjee s padmanabhan t malkemus t lai proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
automatic annotation of data extracted from large web sites l arlotta v crescenzi g mecca p merialdo   
alon levy . a scalable algorithm for answering queries using views r pottinger proc of the 26th int &#39; l conf on very large data bases ( vldb ) . & hellip ;  
a dynamic model for conceptual clustering in object-oriented databases q li j smith proc . of vldb  
effects of database size on rule system performance : five case studies da brant t grose b lofaso dp miranker vldb 1991.0 
stability analyses of step changed loads on a multi-machine power system l wangâ ? ¦   
the cydra 5 departmental supercomputer br rau dwl yen w yen ra towle ieee computer  
prosodic disambiguation in silent reading jd fodor proceedings-nels 2002.0 
acquisition of soft taxonomies for intelligent personal hierarchies and the soft semantic web tp martin b azvine bt technology journal 2003.0 
oedipus and existentialism : '' les gommes '' of robbe-grillet b morrissette wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1960.0 
streaming content distribution networks with minimum delivery cost jm almeida  2003.0 
a native schema-aware xml database solution u westermann w klas   
multilayer fuzzy control of multivariable systems by passive decomposition ae gegov applied mathematics and computer science 1995.0 
et . all. â ?? a guided tour of multimedia systems and application : query by content for large on-line r barber ieee computer  
use of synthesized speech in automated computer interviews l lenert d michaelson m bergen m parineh technical report 3 stanford university stanford center for the  
identity managements and its support of multilateral security c sebastian m kã ¶ hntopp computer networks  
the at most k-deep factor tree j allali mf sagot submitted for publication 2003.0 
using binary decision diagrams for representation and analysis of communication protocols r sisto computer networks 2000.0 
addressing academic culture : service learning organizations and faculty work k ward new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
the xxl search engine : ranked retrieval of xml data using indexes and ontologies a theobald g weikum sigmod conference 2002.0 
a process-oriented scientific database model jm pratt m cohen sigmod record 1992.0 
consistent global states of distributed systems : fundamental concepts and mechanisms ã ? babaoä?lu k marzullo acm press frontier series 1993.0 
querying in highly mobile distributed environments i tomasz r badrinath 8 thinternational conference on very large databases  
evaluating the academic dean . gr rasmussen new directions for higher education 1978.0 
moral social and civic issues . teacher 's resources . ph porterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
how to implement isdns without user observability -- someremarks a pfitzmann acm sigsac review 1987.0 
on the state of stress in a plastic-rigid body at the yield point r hill phil . mag  
scientific autobiography and other papers m planck   
mp ^ vadimiotl ch an optimality theory of concurrency control for databases ht ktmg proc . acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data boston & hellip ;  
integrating biological research through web services ht gao jh hayes h cai   
model 241/243/244 splitbeam digital echo sounder system operatorâ ?? s manual version 1.8 ht inc hydroacoustic technology inc. seattle washington  
a high luminance and high luminous efficiency ac-pdp using high xe-content gas mixtures t yoshioka a miyakoshi a okigawa e mizobata k proc . int . display worshop  
decentralised workflows and software agents jw shepherdson sg thompson br odgers bt technology journal 1999.0 
ethical social index numbers sr chakravarty  1990.0 
evidence for participation of vicinal dithiols in the activation sequence of the respiratory burst h kutsumi k kawai k rokutan   
referential integrity cj date vldb 1981.0 
multidatabase interoperability in the jupiter system j murphy j grimson information and software technology 1995.0 
teaching analytical reasoning through thinking aloud pair problem solving j lochhead a whimbey new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
developing situation-awareness in middleware for ubicomp environments s yau y wang f karim proc . 26th int &#39; l computer software and applications  
digital illusion virtual reality and cinema dj sandin acm press siggraph series 1998.0 
object equality profiling d marinov   
organization of the guinea-pig uterine innervation . distribution of immunoreactivities for different p alm lm lundberg j wharton jm polak the histochemical journal 1988.0 
user interactivity in very large scale data mining s wrobel d wettschereck ai verkamo a siebes h   
interventions to promote collaboration between nurses and doctors m zwarenstein w bryant cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
scholarly monographs : why would i want to publish electronically ? cj armstrong electronic library 2000.0 
dissonance processes as self-affirmation cm steele tj liu journal of personality and social psychology  
telcordia 's database reconciliation and data quality analysis tool f caruso m cochinwala u ganapathy g lalk p proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
partition based spatial-merge join dj dewitt jm patel proceedings of the 1996 acmsigmod conference montreal & hellip ;  
topics of current aerosol research ed gm hidy and jr brock rl drake  1972.0 
topics in decision-theoretic troubleshooting : repair and experiment js breese d heckerman   
the microsoft repository invited keynote address pa bernstein b harry pj sanders d shutt j proceedings of the 23th intl. conf . on very large data bases & hellip ;  
a performance comparsion of ethernet and the cambridge digital communication ring gs blair d shepherd computer networks  
transaction management in the r * distributed database management system c mohan b lindsay r obermarck acm transactions on database systems 1986.0 
the list_treeâ ?? an innovative solution to customer portfolio representation tj brown pl kilpatrick ita spence d crookes pj bt technology journal 2000.0 
analysis of matrix vesicles and their role in the calcification of epiphyseal cartilage sy ali fed proc 1976.0 
parallel systems specitications with coloured petri nets and algebraic specifications j vautherin lecture notes in computer science 1986.0 
attachment styles coping strategies and posttraumatic psychological distress : the impact of the m mikulincer v florian a weller journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
a formal approach to recovery by compensating transactions hf korth e levy a silberschatz vldb 1990.0 
symbolic analysis for large networks and systems incl ide both numerical and symbolic parameters by t matsumoto n nakayama k tsuji procs of  
anabolic steroids are fool 's gold aj ryan fed proc 1981.0 
market efficiency and the returns to technical analysis h bessembinder k chan   
kalchasâ ?? dynamic xml search engine r kaae t nguyen d nã ¸ rgaard proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
improving business process quality through exception understanding prediction and prevention f casati u dayal d grigori mc shan procs . of  
piecing it together : america 's story in quilts jr marrou social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
adverse selection in fourth generation networks : quality of service for entertainment id constantiou e rodina gc polyzos   
an identity-authentication system using fingerprints ak jain l hong s pankanti r bolle proceedings-ieee 1997.0 
surpassing the love of men : romantic friendship and love between women from the renaissance to the l faderman   
controversy questions and suggestions for further reading ma gillen lm english new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
in-process analysis of multifunctional esters by nir spectroscopy dl curtin  1997.0 
job satisfaction and life satisfaction : analysis of a reciprocal model with social demographic sl dolan e gosselin unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
a new linear post-filtering technique to reduce transform coding block-edge artifact at low bit s suthaharan hr wu & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing  
the links between labour markets and housing markets in melbourne final report for the australian koâ ?? conner e healy isbn  
information sharing across private databases r agrawal av evfimievski r srikant   
awards to individuals rj menges new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
thesus : organizing web document collections based on link semantics a greece d de voluceau   
structure-function relationships of antimicrobial dermaseptins p. 47â ?? 49 k hani p nicolas a mor proceedings of the 23rd european peptide symposium . escom & hellip ;  
relationship of gender to agricultural awareness and interest among rural middle school youth : ca conroy kd kelsey & hellip ; education research meeting conference proceedings  
an optimal path cover for cographs r lin s olariu g pruesse   
the need for asynchronous distributed transactions l do p ram p drew proceedings of acm sigmod conference philadelphia  
effect of temperature on the extraction of uranium ( vi ) from nitric acid by tri-n-butylphosphate sv bagawde prv rao vv ramakrishna sk patil barc-952 bhabha atomic research centre bombay india  
a caching and streaming framework for mulitmedia s paknikar m kankanhalli kr ramakrishnan sh proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
the determinants of executive compensation in family-controlled public corporations lr gomez-mejia m larraza-kintana m makri academy of management journal 2003.0 
k-means projective clustering pk agarwal nh mustafa & hellip ; of the twenty-third acm sigmod-sigact-sigart symposium on & hellip ; 2004.0 
from structured documents to novel query facilities s abiteboul v christophides s cluet m scholl proc . 1994 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
finding near-replicas of documents on the web n shivakumar h garcia-molina lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
communication apprehension in the college classroom . ja daly new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
loved or hated : ibm 8100 's stormy romance with users . t henkel computerworld. 1981.0 
eastern kentucky roots ( posted at www . gencircles . com ) '' sf bradley  1937.0 
path caching : a technique for optimal external searching s ramaswamy   
powers of ten thousand : a translucent zooming technique h leiberman demonstration at uist  
dna fingerprinting in citrus cultivars t motohashi t matsuyama t akihama proc . int . soc . citriculture  
heparin for pregnant women with acquired or inherited thrombophilias mc walker se ferguson vm allen cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
locating data sources in large distributed systems l galanis y wang sr jeffery dj dewitt vldb 2003.0 
the std factor : speech technology and distance'in stewart d thompson  1994.0 
on the supposed weight and ultimate fate of radiation o lodge phil . mag  
a multiple watermarking algorithm based on cdma technique f zou z lu h ling proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
influence of attachment styles on romantic relationships ja simpson journal of personality and social psychology  
eboul and p. kanellakis . object identity as a query language primitive s abit proc . acm sigmod cnnf . on management of  
alli : an information integration system based on active logic framework aa barfourosh hrm nezhad m anderson d perlis & hellip ; of the third international conference on management & hellip ;  
delays in implementing admission orders for critical care patients associated with length of stay in k clark lb normile journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
die entwicklung und anwendung von rechenverfahren und rechenprogrammen zur strukturanalyse von w steigemann technical university mdnchen frg  
oral knowledge typographic knowledge electronic knowledge : speculations on the history of d brent electronic journal  
effects of cultural conditions on the accumulation and release of phosphate by acinetobacter strain jw van groenestijn mh deinema proceedings of the international conference on management & hellip ;  
please mind the doorsâ ?? do interface metaphors improve the usability of voice response services ? rt dutton jc foster ma jack bt technology journal 1999.0 
m. l. : â ?? birch : an efficient data clustering method for very large databasesâ ?? t zhang r ramakrishnan proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data ( sigmodâ ??  
dan opening theory made easy o hideo   
osteometrie g brã $ uer anthropologie i  
a componentized architecture for scalable market exchange b reich i ben-shaul   
evaluating queries with generalized path expressions v christophides s cluet g moerkotte proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
bbl : a building block layout system for custom chip design np chen cp hsu es kuh cc chen m takahashi proc . int . conf . computer-aided design  
drill a vpn through the internet t pompili pc magazine  
the shape and form of puget sound r burns  1985.0 
service delivery assessment : qualitative evaluations at the cabinet level m hendricks new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
the search for possible craters for martian meteorite alh84001 ng barlow proc . 28th lunar planet . sci . conf  
a neutral list of 10 combinational benchmark circuits and a target translator in fortran f brglez h fujiwara proc . iscas  
historical fiction & fantasy for the young learner . children 's literature . lb clegg pk ford social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
on pairs of once punctured tori t jrgensen unpublished  
program path analysis to bound cache-related preemption delay in preemptive real-time systems h tomiyama nd dutt   
fundamental concepts for environmental management education re roth  1969.0 
a coordinating board view . re mctarnaghan new directions for higher education 1974.0 
efficient k-nn search on vertically decomposed data ap de vries n mamoulis n nes m kersten proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 2002.0 
problems in catalan phonology . c lleã ³  1970.0 
april-a strategic model for road pricing jj bates in williams proceedings of seminar d ptrc summer annual meeting  
using the exact state space of a model to compute approximate stationary measures g ciardo as miner s donatelli proc . acm sigmetrics  
effect of high energy rate forming on sintering kinetics of ferrographite composites s basu powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ; 1980.0 
electromyographic study of the sidestep for development of electrical stimulation patterns r kobetic jm pereira eb marsolais proc . 9th annual resna conference minneapolis mn  
fast constructions of sparse neighborhood covers b awerbuch b berger l cowen d peleg unpublished  
c. pu . a practical and modular implementation technique of extended transaction models r barga proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;  
about some relationships between knowledge and context jc pomerol p brezillon lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
presentation at the high energy astrophysics division ( head ) meeting s boggsâ ? ¦ san diego usa  
sequential sampling procedures for query size estimation pj haas an swami proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
papers no. 691 and 694 submitted to this conference b aubertâ ? ¦   
graph structure in the web a broder r kumar f maghoul p raghavan s www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
historically black colleges and universities : making a comeback ke redd new directions for higher education 1998.0 
a ph. d to be published by the department of civil engineering r peuhkuri technical university of denmark  
challenges for copyright in a digital age id bramhill mrc sims bt technology journal 1997.0 
using a spatial synoptic climatological classification to assess changes in atmospheric pollution re davis ls kalkstein physical geography  
finite element method for elliptic problems with stochastic data c schwab ra todor submitted for  
sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles of database systems acm pods sigmod acm sigmod conference on the management of  
software reflexion models : bridging the gap between source and high-level models gc murphy d notkin k sullivan proceedings of the 3rd acm sigsoft symposium on foundations & hellip ; 1995.0 
supply chain management k russell computerworld  
a variant of the arrow distributed directory protocol with low average complexity d peleg e reshef proc . of the 26th int . colloquium on automata languages and & hellip ;  
conformation and evolution f structure voi .  
rational norm creation : a recursive model of normative systems and agents in g boella l van der torre procs . of  
overview of the pips project f irigoin p jouvelot r triolet   
protein metabolism and urea recycling in rodent hibernators ml riedesel jm steffen fed proc 1980.0 
neurophysiological basis of the kluver-bucy syndrome : responses of monkey amygdaloid neurons to t ono h nishijo see aggleton  
wireless inertial tracking system h kruger p henne p fischer e kraft demonstration at  
integrating destructive assignment and lazy evaluation in the multiparadigm language g-2 j placer acm sigplan notices 1992.0 
research methodology in management : current practices trends and implications for future research ta scandura ea williams academy of management journal 2000.0 
a cost model for clustered object-oriented databases g gardarin jr gruser zh tang proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ; 1995.0 
a. richards . colourvision andimageintensities : whenarechanges material jm rubin andw technical report aim { 631 artificial intelligence laboratory  
high energy physics c collab proc . 29th int . conf. ichepâ ?? 98 vancouver canada jul. .  
casdal : cassm 's data language syw su a emam acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
hydrothermal differentiation and myrmekite : a clue to many geologic puzzles lg collins  1988.0 
the structure of an electromagnetic field in the neighbourhood of a cusp of a caustic t pearcey phil . mag  
practices and problems in evaluating instruction . we moomaw new directions for higher education 1977.0 
zero-cycle loads : microarchitecture support for reducing load latency tag sohi   
software components and reuse-getting more out of your code pav hall information and software technology 1987.0 
parenting and child outcome measures in the new chance 42-month survey d polit unpublished manuscript 1996.0 
one-sided local large deviation and renewal theorems in the case of infinite mean ra doney probability theory and related fields 1997.0 
ranksql : supporting ranking queries in relational database management systems c li ma soliman kcc chang if ilyas vldb demonstration 2005.0 
schema mediation for large-scale semantic data sharing ay halevy zg ives d suciu i tatarinov the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
the voice of the customer : innovative and useful research directions se madnick   
the relationship between environmental commitment and managerial perceptions of stakeholder i henriques p sadorsky the academy of management journal 1999.0 
utilization of a glucagon infusion in the management of a massive nifedipine overdose j papadopoulos mg oneil journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
rm c rooks gc osbourn saw chemical sensor arrays : new chemically sensitive interfaces combined aj ricco rm crooks acc . chem . res  
case implementation : accounting for the human element gfn corbitt j ron information and software technology 1991.0 
almost montgomery based multiplier in in gf ( 2 n ) l batina c jansen g muurling s xu proceedings of the 23rd symposium on information theory in  
kanata : adaptation and evolution in data sharing systems paafa kementsietsidis rjmy velegrakis sigmod record 2004.0 
regression modeling strategies fe harrell  2001.0 
tests of vvã?r -1000 maneuverability on the no. 5 unit of the zaporozhâ ?? e nuclear power plant pe filimonov sp averâ ?? yanova sg oleinikâ ? ¦ at .  
behind the faã § ade of iso 9000 p burrows electronic business  
a densitometric study of an uneven development effect in infrared film . rj marshall j audiov media med 1978.0 
tools for information system dynamics management c rolland s leifert c richard very large data bases 1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ; 1979.0 
gamma-ray compton profiles of aluminum s manninen t paakkari k kajantie phil . mag. 1974.0 
an-precise feasible solution to a linear program with a convexity constraint in 1 = 2 iterations gb dantzig technical report stanford university  
release of mitochondrial enzymes by freezing and thawing of meat : structural and analytical aspects r hamm p gottesmann proc of the 28th eur meet meat res w orkers  
â ?? specifying and modeling computer security j mclean ieee computer  
a-6020 innsbruck m spetea   
d. fogg and m. stonebraker â ?? implementatin of data abstraction in the relational database system j ong acm sigmod  
culture in anarchy : classical education as a counter-revolutionary force in nineteenth-century sa spencer  1992.0 
microsoft windows 3.1 k jamsa microsoft  
the need for carbon dioxide disposal : a threat and an opportunity ks lackner dp butt ch wendt paper from the proceedings of the 23rd international & hellip ;  
speeding up construction of pmr quadtree-based spatial indexes gr hjaltason h samet the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2002.0 
approximation and collusion in multicast cost sharing submitted . available in preprint form at http j feigenbaum a krishnamurthy r sami s shenker  2001.0 
evaluation concerns and the presentation of data m deveaux new directions for program evaluation  
a relationship mechanism for a strongly typed object-oriented database programming language a albano g ghelli r orsini vldb 1991.0 
reexamining organizational memory ms ackerman ca halverson communications-acm 2000.0 
responses of neurons in primary and inferior temporal visual cortices to natural scenes r baddeley lf abbott mca booth f sengpiel t proceedings : biological sciences 1997.0 
of central places cities and seaports j bird geography  
service de rã © conciliation pour la synchronisation de copies l chateigner s chabridon   
wyoming have defeated official english efforts o louisiana   
sequences of low arithmetical complexity sv avgustinovich j cassaigne ae frid   
quadrature formulas on spheres using scattered data hn mhaskar fj narcowich jd ward math . comp. to  
experimental set-up for measurement of gpr antenna radiation pattern r de jong a yarovoy l ligthart proc . of the 28th european microwave conference . amsterdam  
differential geometry : manifolds curves and surfaces m berger b gostiaux  1987.0 
technology as traitor : emergent sap infrastructure in a global organization o hanseth k braa   
nonlinear fiber optics 2nd edn academic press g agrawal san diego  
queue delay estimation and its application to tcp vegas k kim ch choi computer networks 2003.0 
an active and deductive object-oriented data model g guerrini   
s. 2001 . a scalable content-addressable network s ratnasamy p francis m handley rs karp proceedings of acm  
tool presentation : sal 2 l de moura s owre h rueã ? j rushby n shankar at cav  
the beauty of the-calculus f kamareddine rp nederpelt to  
biopython : python tools for computational biology b chapman   
copyright : opportunities and restrictions for the teleinstructor jh bruwelheide new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
linking web servers with live data ds linthicum pc magazine  
query optimization algorithm for semistructured data d florescu a levy d suciu submitted for publication  
altalt : combining the advantages of graphplan and heuristics state search r sanchez x nguyen s kambhampati   
four-phase logic is practical sp asija electronic design  
in '' radiopharmaceuticals 11 e deutsch & hellip ; symposium on radiopharmaceuticals seattle washington & hellip ;  
negotiating power and politics in practitioner inquiry communities c drennon new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
the logical data model gm kuper my vardi acm transactions on database systems 1993.0 
analysis of the accuracy of the determination of the concentration of long-lived radionuclides in vl vysotskii yv sivintsev at .  
optical microscopy studies of dynamics within individual polymer-dispersed liquid crystal droplets . da higgins je hall a xie acc . chem . res 2005.0 
balancing push and pull for data broadcast s acharya m franklin s zdonik sigmod conference 1997.0 
similarity query processing using disk arrays a papadopoulos y manolopoulos   
bridging the gap between past and future in re : a scenario-based approach p haumer p heymans m jarke k pohl   
reporting the world : teaching current events from a global perspective tf kirkwood-tucker social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
the kinetics of physical dependence to morphine in the rat l grumbach m shelofsky je boston jr pharmacology i 1974.0 
a call-by-need lambda calculus . in the acm sigplan-sigact symposium on principles of programming zm ariola m felleisen j maraist m odersky p acm press new  
2nd international indentation workshop cambridge uk july 2001 and h van melick a van dijken jmj den toonder l phil .  
operads and algebraic homotopy preprin t math jr smith   
gigabit network multicast protocols x chen  1996.0 
retrieval of pictures using a similarity based approach employing indices on spatial relationships ap sistla c yu   
real algebraic threefolds i. terminal singularities collectanea math j kollã ¡ r to  
effects of daily stress on negative mood n bolger a delongis rc kessler ea schilling journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
corticosteroids or acth for acute exacerbations in multiple sclerosis g filippini f brusaferri wa sibley a citterio cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
document classification on neural networks using only positive examples ( poster session ) lm manevitz m yousef proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
continuous media communication with dynamic qos control using arts with an fddi network h tokuda y tobe jmf moura  1992.0 
escaping the asylum : when freedom is a crime gh morris san diego law review 2003.0 
repacking on demand for speed-sensitive channel assignment hm tsai ac pang yc lin yb lin hm tsai ac pang computer networks 2005.0 
implicit theories of intelligence creativity and wisdom rj sternberg journal of personality and social psychology  
first-class views : a key to user-centered computing . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
limits on t-quark decay into charged higgs from a direct search at the cern proton-antiproton c albajar r kinnunen j tuominiemi v karimaki m oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
a cdn-p2p hybrid architecture for cost-effective streaming media distribution d xu s kulkarni c rosenberg h chai computer  
power load management as a computational market f ygge h akkermans   
muã ± oz '' tigukat : a uniform behavioral objectbase management system mt ã?zsu r peters d szafron b irani a lipka vldb  
dehydrogenase enzyme histochemistry on freezedried or fixed resin-embedded tissue gi murray md burke swb ewen the histochemical journal 1988.0 
the us investment portfolio and the icapm h bohn l tesar  1995.0 
a guide to directx ( microsoft 's multimedia api ) n randall pc  
parallel algorithms for relational database operations dj dewitt d bitton h boral wk wilkinson acm trans . on database systems  
nonrigid registration of diffusion tensor images r sierra   
simple model for space charge region capacitance of an exponential-constant pn junction fd ho electronic letters 1990.0 
kinetics and mechanism of formation of forsterite ( mg 2 sio 4 ) by solid state reaction of mgo and gw brindley r hayami phil . mag  
k s. schlosser competitive transport of mineral acids in pertraction and extraction of organic l kubiå ¡ ov j mart proc . 28th int . conf . sschi full texts on cd  
the interface between project managers and functional managers in matrix organized product r sbragia & hellip ; of the 9th international conference on management of & hellip ;  
design methodology management : a formal approach r baldwin mj chung ieee computer  
framework for mobile users j mysore vvars orchestration 3rd international conference on mobile data management  
lr parsing from an arbitrary starting point g costagliola procs . of sigparse/acl third international workshop on & hellip ;  
a cost-benefit decision model : analysis comparison amd selection of data management syw su j dujmovic ds batory sb navathe r acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1987.0 
a novel photosynthetic organelle in anaerobic mastigotes jhp hackstein h schubert j rosenberg m van de  1995.0 
applied animal feeding p kalaisakis agricultural university of athens athens greece ( in greek )  
statistical database design fy chin g ozsoyoglu acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
here 's something for everyone ! teacher 's roundtable . lm handleyâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
strategic r & d program selection and resource allocation with a decision support system application df kocaoglu mg iyigun international engineering management conference 1994.0 
dental filling materials ( posterior composites ) based on inorganic/organic copolymers ( ormocers ) h wolter w storch h ott proc int symp macromolecules  
algorithm t gao pm vaidya cl liu apdmc placement proc . 29th dac  
curved analogs of bernsteinâ ?? gelfandâ ?? gelfand resolutions a cap j slovak v soucek to  
common and uncommon models for evaluating teaching . l baird new directions for higher education 1973.0 
hash functions based on block ciphers : a synthetic approach b preneel r govaerts j vandewalle lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
lessons from wall street : case studies in configuration tuning and distribution d shasha proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1997.0 
impact of a sexual responsibility program on young males e gottsegen ww philliber adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
examples in trpl t sheard d stemple university of massachusetts coins technical report  
formulas and theorems for the special functions of mathematical physics w magnus f oberhettinger   
the brazilian experience : the japanese immigrants during the period of the vargas regime and the pm fukunaga  1983.0 
biological storytelling : a software tool for biological information organization based upon a kuchinsky k graham d moh a adler k babaria acm siggroup bulletin 2002.0 
finitely additive measures on virtual polyhedra ( russian ) ag khovanskii av pukhlikov algebra i analiz  
trees '' a vittal m marek-sadowska mdidu alphabetic proc . acm/ieee design automation conf  
simple dimensionality reduction technique for fast similarity search in large time series databases ej keogh mj pazzani   
prefixspan : mining sequential patterns by prefix-projected growth j pel j han b mortazavi-asl h pinto q chen u proc . 17th ieee international conference on data engineering & hellip ;  
on programmable universal mobile channel r liao a campbell proceedings of acm  
outsourcing hits human snag e horwitt computerworld  
efficient communication protocols and performance analysis for gigabit networks v sharma  1997.0 
tinysec : link layer encryption for tiny devices c karlof n sastry d wagner   
query optimization in star computer networks l kerschberg pd ting sb yao acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
rapid signalling by variance in ensembles of neocortical neurons g silberberg m bethge h markram m tsodyks k  2002.0 
evidence for a qualitative defect in factor-viii-related antigen in von willebrand 's disease . c thomson cd forbes cr prentice lancet i 1974.0 
conductor routing and via elimination in the sprint system kr stevens stanford university digital systems laboratory technical  
tr-94-09 msr report microsoft  
partitioning dependence in nonstationary behavioral sequences n oden see hazlett  
web application transformations based on rewrite rules f ricca p tonella information & software technology 2002.0 
a transaction mechanism for engineering design databases w kim ra lorie d mcnabb w plouffe vldb 1984.0 
offering a precision-performance tradeoff for aggregation queries over replicated data twenty-sixty c olston j widom cairo egypt september  
encrypting file system in windows xp and windows server 2003 d cross  2002.0 
stream processing of xpath queries a gupta d suciu sigmod  
nuclear reactions with heavy ions r bass  1980.0 
using transposition for pattern discovery from microarray data f rioult jf boulicaut b cremilleux j besson   
the discursive nature of environmental conflicts : the case of the oresund link hd linnros po hallin area 2001.0 
approximate frequency counts over data streams g singh manku r motwani & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases hong kong  
orientstore : a schema based native xml storage system x meng d luo ml lee j an vldb 2003.0 
pocket pc joins the pda/phone parade b brown m brown pc  
ethical decision making by individuals in organizations : an issue-contingent model tm jones the academy of management review 1991.0 
a survey of logical models for olap databases . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
knowledge management : ready for prime time ? g lawton   
efficient compilation of lazy evaluation t johnsson   
a combined filter for gps-based attitude and baseline estimation l ward p axelrad proceedings of ion gps 1996.0 
cc : web services eventing ( ws-eventing ) lf cabreraâ ? ¦ technical report microsoft bea systems and tibco software (  
computer animation with cinema dr kalasky da davis   
efficient variants of the icp algorithm s rusinkiewicz m levoy   
extending information literacy in electronic environments s kerka new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
the influence of wind on waves in water supposed frictionless w kelvin phil mag  
memory consistency and event ordering in scalable shared-memory multiprocessors in proceedmgs of the k gharachorloo d lenoski j laudon p gibbons a seattle washington june  
optimizationofquerieswithuserdefined predicates s chaudhuri k shim  1996.0 
monte carlo rã ? c b engels statistical tests for categorical data 1988.0 
architectural optimization using real options theory and dependency structure matrices d sharman a yassine p carlile   
optimization of nested sql queries revisited procs r ganski h wang acm sigmod ( san francisco may  
a comparative study of mobility anchor point selection schemes in hierarchical mobile ipv6 networks s pack t kwon y choi   
the social psychology of creativity : a componential conceptualization tm amabile journal of personality and social psychology  
hydrofluoric acid : a review of toxicity . jc bertolini journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
yatzkar-haham ; t. push technology personalization through event correlation a adi d botzer o etzion vldb  
financial forecasting using neural networks t soulez msc thesis . computer science department university of  
pushing the envelope with push technology wr stanek pc magazine online  
washington gap project mammal distribution models version 5 re johnson km cassidy  2002.0 
extracting entity profiles from semistructured information spaces ra nado sb huffman sigmod record 1997.0 
newer biophysical methods for membrane analysis in ntact red cells sb shohet   
modeling concepts for vlsi cad objects ds batoo wk batory acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
a benefit-cost analysis of the supported work experimentâ '' â '' p kemper d long c thornton the national supported work demonstration  
detour chromatic numbers m frick f bullock discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2001.0 
constraints on energy expenditure by birds dm bryant proc . int . ornithol . congr  
vibrational spectroscopies for adsorbed species p hollis j pritchard bell  
weather radar programs in france m gilet h sauvageot j testud conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
r. erbe j. guenauer v. lum p. pistor and g. walch . a dbms prototype to support extended nf 2 p dadam k kuespert f anderson h blanken proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
computational aspects of vlsi computer science press rockville jd ullman md  
a comparison of two approaches to a class of japanese constructions n hasegawa ms. university of washington seattle washington  
on the menbership problem for functional and multivalued dependencies in relational databases c beeri acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
semiclassical limit of the schrodinger equation with a partially conning potential nb abdallah f mehats   
an object-based taxonomy for distributed computing systems be martin ch pedersen j bedford-roberts   
a programming logic for sequential java a poetzsch-heffter p mueller lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
persistent threads f matthes jw schmidt proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
semantics-preserving dimensionality reduction : rough and fuzzy-rough-based approaches r jensen q shen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
databases and workflow management : what is it all about ? ( panel ) a reuter s ceri j gray b salzberg g weikum proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ; 1995.0 
dj dewitt and jf naughton ( 1993 ) '' the oo7 benchmark mj carey proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
theorizing adult development mc clark rs caffarella new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
two captains one ship : a social cognitive neuroscience approach to disrupting automatic affective md lieberman a hariri jj jarcho sy bookheimer unpublished manuscript  
designing microsoft asp . net applications dj reilly   
naturalistic stimuli increase the rate and efficiency of information transmission by primary f rieke da bodnar w bialek proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
management issues for the virtual library t hooper electronic library 2001.0 
using a steerable projector and a camera to transform surfaces into interactive displays c pinhanez   
presupposition triggered by temporal connectives f schilder   
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching acm sigmod intl a guttman conference on management of data  
discovery of multiple-level rule s from large database j han y fu   
feature interaction : a critical review and considered forecast m calder m kolberg eh magill s reiff-marganiec computer networks 2003.0 
the rediscovery of mina loy and the avant garde sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
error detection and recovery for syntax directed compiler systems rp leinius  1970.0 
bob based programming and formalizations v jamwal s iyer technical report kresit iit bombay india 2005 . available at :  
supersonic flow and shock waves r courant ko friedrichs   
simulation from the multivariate normal and student-t distributions subject to linear constraints j geweke proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface  
information systems in japanese local government : sifting the dusty corridors y sekiguichi kv andersen   
deming and software-strange bedfellows ? ak bissett jia siddiqi software quality management-international conference - 1996.0 
a constitution for knaves b frey university of zurich switzerland . unpublished paper  
the high frequency spectra of the elements hgj moseley phil . mag  
functional of averaged density : application for estimation of probability density function y tikunov a kel  2004.0 
non-cooperative formation of multi-agent teams r axtell proc . aamas2002 acm press  
using latency-recency profiles for data delivery on the web l bright l raschid vldb 2002.0 
rachel bowles p geographer t geography   
neotraditional developments : the anatomy of a new urban form ej mccann urban geography 1995.0 
solid state commun m servidori c ferrero s lequien s milita a  2001.0 
bulk amorphous alloys : practical characteristics and applications vol . 6 of materials science a inoue  1999.0 
on the advantages of approximate vs. complete verification : bigger models faster less memory m heimdahl j gao d owen t menzies   
improved algorithms for synchronizing computer network clocks d mills ieee/acm transactions on networking ( ton ) 1995.0 
from software user to software author : an initial pedagogy for introductory object-oriented m woodman s holland acm sigcue outlook 1996.0 
acyclovir therapy of epstein-barr virus-induced posttransplant lymphoproliferative diseases dw hanto g frizzera kj gajl-peczalska hh transplant proc  
agent-based electronic commerceâ ?? tutorial es lee international conference on electronic commerce ( icec &#39; 98 ) (  
nonserial dynamic programming u bertele f brioschi  1972.0 
microsoft windows 2000 server administrator 's companion c russel s crawford  2000.0 
full text html format htm ( 8 kb ) source international multimedia conference archive t even proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
a threshold of ln n for set cover u feige proc . 28th annual symposium on theory of computing acm  
formal definition of mappings in a data base p paolini g pelagatti proceedings of the 1977 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1977.0 
computing iceberg queries ecientlyproc . 1996 int m fang n shivakumar hg molina r motwani jd conf . very large data bases  
winmagic : subquery elimination using window aggregation c zuzarte w ma l liu proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2003.0 
a value pluralism model of ideological reasoning pe tetlock journal of personality and social psychology  
using a castor oil-balsam of peru-trypsin ointment to assist in healing skin graft donor sites sn carson c wiggins k overall ostomy wound management 2003.0 
synopsis of psychiatry 8th edn . williams & wilkins : baltimore hi kaplan bj sadock md  
space-time trade-off optimization for a class of electronic structure calculations d cociorva g baumgartner de bernholdt r   
284 . section 214 of the criminal code contains a similar provision . under both codes conviction for p code   
modele de prediction du deuxieme formant effectif f2â ?? â ?? applicationa lâ ?? ã © de la labialite des m mantakas j schwartz p escudier proceedings of the 15th journees dâ ?? ã © sur la parole  
quality control in large annotation projects involving multiple judges : the case of the tdt corpora s strasselâ ? ¦ athens greece may  
real-time database and information systems : research advances a bestavros v fay-wolfe  1997.0 
integrating association rule mining with relational database systems : alternatives and implications s sarawagi s thomas r agrawal data mining and knowledge discovery 2000.0 
gathering data for the improvement of teaching : what do i need and how do i get it ? . kg lewis new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
empowering teachers as colleagues : the yale-new haven teachers institute . jr vivian new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
when does it make sense to linearly combine relevance scores ? poster in c vogt proceedings of acm  
enabling . enabling dynamic content caching for database-driven web sites ks candan ws li q luo wp hsiung d agrawal acm  
geographical indications and the south africa-european union free trade agreement e craven c mather area 2001.0 
web sites strive to personalize c sliwa   
ethnicity and ethnic relations in the modern west m heisler see montville  
design and evaluation of network interfaces for system area networks ss mukherjee  1998.0 
'' lolita '' and '' les liaisons dangereuses '' ao aldridge wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
it and the competency elolnt ~ - _ qkil ] v ~ ienn ~ locltro aw goldsworthy am ~ jnr  
electrodynamics in a rotating frame of reference mg trocheries phil . mag  
adaptive precision in texture mapping a glassner acm siggraph computer graphics 1986.0 
the real stroustrup interview s hamilton ieee computer  
varghese â ?? faster ip lookupsusingcontrolled prefix expansion â ?? v srinivasan andg in proc . acm sigmetrics  
cognitive and physiological antecedents of threat and challenge appraisal j tomaka j blascovich j kibler jm ernst journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
mobile agent technology for the management of distributed systems - a case study c raibulet c demartini computer networks 2000.0 
hate crimes d bender san diego  
grizzly bear predation on elk calves and other fauna of yellowstone national park ka gunther ra renkin international conference on bear research and management  
å?ªé ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ç ?? é ?? è ¯ '' æ ² '' ç ?? æ ³ ? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # tiger drs seattle washington usa  
the dream of e-commerce : reality in 1999 b levine electronic news  
effects of education and educational credentials on the earnings of economically disadvantaged young jm bos  1996.0 
a logical foundation for deductive object-oriented databases m liu g dobbie tw ling acm transactions on database systems 2002.0 
seer summary staging manual-2000 : codes and coding instructions national cancer institute nih pub . jl young jr sd roffers lag ries ag fritz aa md  
storage and management of similar images g jomier m manouvrier m rukoz j. braz . comp . soc 2000.0 
data mining-based intrusion detectors : an overview of the columbia ids project sj stolfo w lee pk chan w fan e eskin sigmod record 2001.0 
healthy lawn and garden survey : data analysis report r de young & hellip ; national wet weather demonstration project . oakland county & hellip ;  
application of charged aerosol cloud for simulation of upward leader generation ip vereshchagin kv antsupov vv bazutkinâ ? ¦ proc . 21st int . conf . on lightning  
colour vision as an adaptation to frugivory in primates d osorio m vorobyev proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil mj carey dj dewitt vldb 1996.0 
the collaborative desktopâ ?? collaboration and information building k tollmar m marmolin y sundblad  1994.0 
simple behavioural and physical interventions for nocturnal enuresis in children cm glazener jh evans cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
a comparison of two noninvasive methods of blood pressure measurement in the triage area d jones mk engelke st brown m swanson journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
ceo bt global services a green bt technology journal 2004.0 
exploring windows nt executable files r duncan pc  
the disposition effectâ ?? evidence on the investorsâ ?? aversion to realize losses k heilmann v lã $ ger a oehler proceedings of the 25 thannual colloquium iarep wien  
space weather : hazard to earth f jansen r pirjola & hellip ; publishing swiss reinsurance company zurich switzerland  
saints biographers and creole identity formation in colonial spanish america rj morgan  1998.0 
integrated voice/data terminals : orphans in the desktop market . j dix computerworld. 1986.0 
response to â ?? a close look at the ifo data modelâ ?? s abiteboul r hull acm sigmod record 1995.0 
viroids in australian citrus mr gillings p broadbent bi gollnow c lakeland proc . int . conf . citriculture  
xseq : an indexing infrastructure for tree pattern queries ( demo ) x meng y jiang y chen h wang  2004.0 
stakeholders social responsibility and performance : empirical evidence and theoretical js harrison re freeman the academy of management journal 1999.0 
etal . anarchitectureforwidearea multicast routing s deering d estrin d farinacci v jacobson proc . acm  
organic transactions : contract frank lloyd wright and the johnson building s macaulay wisconsin law review 1996.0 
distributed expertise : remote reference service on a metropolitan area network e davenport electronic library 1997.0 
an introduction to web services p muschamp bt technology journal 2004.0 
mining generfized association rules r srikant r agrawal proc . 1995 int . conf . very large data bases zrich  
aggregates in possibilistic databases ea rundensteiner   
comportamiento en diez aã ± os del osteocondroma en un hospital pediã ¡ trico aã ? lã ³ pez yg lorenzo er rodrãguez e baesso   
signed quorum systems h yu   
implications for knowledge production and careers in science cd gaddy new directions for higher education 1998.0 
on the real neuronal ensernbles formed during the activity of cerebral shielding structures ab kogan neirofiziologiya i  
heterotopic heart transplantation in the rat receiving fk-506 alone or with cyclosporine n murase s todo ph lee hs lai f chapman ma transplant  
diffusive representation of pseudo-differential time-operators g montseny esaim : proceedings 1998.0 
i trapezitiki politiki tis eok en opsi tou 1992 gs zavvos  1989.0 
case study : scanning michelangeloâ ?? s florentine pieta f bernardini j mittleman h rushmeier acm siggraph  
a familial syndrome of maldevelopment of the brain polycystic kidneys congenital tapetoretinal m arima k ono k hisada t handa no to hattatsu  
phil mag . 10 177 . cooper mj ( 1965 ) mj cooper phil . mag  
an embedded system for autonomous collision avoidance and line tracking using artificial cmos retina h li s bouaziz f devos   
rate-based query optimization for streaming information sources s viglas jf naughton sigmod conference 2002.0 
damping in tall buildings : its variability and treatment ag davenport pj hill-carroll proc. asce convention seattle washington  
2 nded modern systems analysis j hoffer j george j valacich  1999.0 
compartment syndrome after simple venipuncture in an anticoagulated patient-does ice make a rj roberge m mclane journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
computerized systems : centralized or decentralized ? . ll seitz new directions for higher education 1985.0 
airloads measurements from a 1/4-scale tiltrotor wind tunnel test sm swanson aa swanson ms mccluer gk yamauchi european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
getting personal on the web personalization promise to teach corporations all they want to learn jk waters application development trends 2000.0 
write ranges : a technique for improving capture and propagation of writes in software dsms pt koch rj fowler e jul submitted for  
architecture layers and engineering approach for agent-based system sk lee cs hwang information and software technology  
a proof of lotheâ ?? s theorem lm brown phil . mag  
when sex is hot and when its not : for women do attachments matter lc miller sa fishkin c gonzales-tumey s unpublished manuscript  
broadband signalling-acronyms atm aesa bt technology journal 1998.0 
low-cost compensation-based query processing so hvasshovd proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
multi-way distributional clustering via pairwise interactions r bekkerman r el-yaniv a mccallum   
information utility and the multiple source effect sg harkins re petty journal of personality and social psychology  
knowledge management mistakes j ambrosio computerworld  
time-domain skin-effect model for transient analysis of lossy transmission lines cs yen z fazarinc rl wheeler proc . ieee  
awlp : building a custom wireless access point using open source software a ã?akircali  2005.0 
moving object surveillance and analysis of camera-based security systems j freer   
a multidimensional model of venture growth jr baum ea locke kg smith   
interventions for influencing sleep patterns in exclusively breast fed infants mj renfrew s lang l martin m woolridge cochrane database syst  
the japan cache project : an experiment on domain cache m nabeshima www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
investigations in capillarity l rayleigh phil . mag  
a unified framework for resolving ambiguity in copy detection s roy ec chang proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
schedulingsupportforconcurrencyandpar-allelisminthemachoperatingsystem dl black ieee computer  
equation-based congestion control for unicast applications m handley s floyd j pahdye j widmer proceedings of acm  
file structure design to facilitate on-line instantaneous updating rl rappaport   
efficient svm training using low-rank kernel representations s fine k scheinberg journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
linear algebra and its applications : harcourt brace jovanovich publishers g strang san diego  
nulls in relational databases : revisited r kocharekar sigmod record  
a model ofauthorization fornext-generationdatabase systems f rabitti e bertino w kim d woelk acm transactions on database systems  
l & a tardos and robert e. tarjan . network flow algorithms . cdmputer science department av goldberg stanford university technical report stan-cs-89-1 252  
latino ( 22 ) a american see  
flux and sources of nutrients in the mississippi-atchafalaya river basin : topic 3 report for the da goolsby wa battaglin gb lawrence rs artz bt   
automatic content-based retrieval of broadcast news mg brown   
sql standardization : the next steps . acms anthology sigmod record 2000.0 
albumin infusion for low serum albumin in preterm newborn infants la jardine s jenkins-manning mw davies cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
text-based content search and retrieval in ad-hoc p2p communities fm cuenca-acuna td nguyen lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
replica consistency in lazy master replicated databases e pacitti p minet e simon distributed and parallel databases 2001.0 
semantic lock models in object-oriented distributed systems and deadlock resolution m roesler wa burkhard proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
diffusion of innovations em roger new york  
application & analysis of i ddq diagnostic and fault simulation software p nigh d forlenza proc . int . test conf  
organizational inertia and momentum : a dynamic model of strategic change d kelly tl amburgey the academy of management journal 1991.0 
interventions for basal cell carcinoma of the skin f bath j bong w perkins h williams cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
biometry 3rd ed : wh freeman and co rr sokal fj rohlf new york  
object fusion in mediator systems ( extended version ) . available by anonymous ftp at db y papakonstantinou h garcia-molina stanford . edu as the le/pub/papakonstantinou / 1995/fusion -  
observations on the breeding of captive black bears ursus americanus jc ludlow international conference on bear research and management  
connell . accurateestimationofthe numberof tuplessatisfyinga condition g piatetsky-shapiroandc proc . acm sigmod conference  
towards intelligent recognition of multimedia episodes in real-time applications j gabbe a ginsberg b robinson proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
complete and compatible sets of update operations kc sevcik al furtado int . conf . on management of data ( icmod ) ( milan italy june & hellip ;  
cage and poligon : two frameworks for blackboard-based concurrent problem-solving hp nii  1986.0 
collective identification and social movement participation b simon m loewy s stuermer u weber p freytag journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
contextual insight in search : enabling technologies and applications a ã?hrn proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
brill 1983 . 210 blz. -- ej leiden   
technology and economy of blending and mixing . the best of bulk solids handling : stacking blending at zador trans tech publications zurich switzerland  
automatic labelling of areas in thematic maps d dã ¶ rschlag i petzold l plã 1/4 mer proc . of the 21st int . cartographic conf . ( iccâ ?? 03 )  
assessing workplace learning : new trends and possibilities pl inman s vernon new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
index selection for databases : a hardness study and a principled heuristic solution m datar v narasayya ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
infrared and chemical studies on algal polysaccharides dj stancioff nf stanley proc . int . seaweed symp  
worlds within worlds : metaphors for exploring n-dimensional virtual worlds s feiner c beshers   
warping of a computerized 3-d atlas to match brain image volumes for quantitative neuroanatomical ac evans w dai l collins p neelin s marrett proc . spie 1991.0 
detection of stationary and dynamic space substratum p tewari borderland sciences congress santa barbara california & hellip ;  
bringing the wireless internet to mobile devices s saha   
hires : the high-resolution echelle spectrometer on the keck 10-m telescope ss vogt sl allen bc bigelow l bresee b brown proc .  
fatkin : vibrational energy transfer database and solver using chemkin bj kirby technical report 2001-001-1 .0 stanford university htgl  
pharmaceutical press ; 2004 k payne   
deformation of a cylindrical drop in a vibrational field aa albuzhev dv lyubimov proc . on cd 29th summer schoolâ ?? advanced problems in  
telephone counselling for smoking cessation lf stead t lancaster r perera cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
xml-based information meditiation with mix ck brau a gupta b ludã $ her r marciano y  1999.0 
coupon replication systems l massoulie m vojnovic   
storage technology takes central state g lawton ieee computer  
standard sql/mm : sql multimedia and application packages k jankiewicz m wojciechowski   
a generahsed model for a temporal relational database s gadia c yeung proc. acm sigmod conj  
normal vortex interaction with a loaded symmetrical blade cj doolan fn coton r galbraith european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
why does n't eda get enough respect ? ar newton proceedings of the 2000 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;  
the inuenceof temperature on the pupil mechanism in the eye of turnip moth agrotis segetum wej nordstroã?mp  1997.0 
on the generation of spatiotemporal datasets y theodoridis jro silva ma nascimento   
complexity of static schedule design for hard real-time environments a mok working paper laboratory for computer science mit  
case study in human factors evaluation a whitefield a sutcliffe information and software technology 1992.0 
high-confidence design for security sk chin communications-acm 1999.0 
status of the spallation neutron source n holtkamp procs . of this conference  
advancing faculty learning through interdisciplinary collaboration eg creamer lr lattuca new directions for teaching and learning . san francisco ca :  
ontology as a foundation for meta-modelling and method engineering y wand information and software technology 1996.0 
translation-invariant de-noising rr coifman dl donoho lecture notes in statistics-new york-springer verlag - 1995.0 
palm probabilities and stationary queues f baccelli p brã © maud  1987.0 
the forests of india ep stebbing volume i  
reasoning and inference in spatial knowledge acquisition : the cognitive map as an internalized gis rg golledge s bell vj dougherty annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;  
structural equivalence of extended context-free and extended e0l grammars ha cameron d wood submitted for publication  
a new approach to interactive performance systems h kuå?cu bt akgã 1/4 n proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
a query language for a web-site management system d florescu a levy m fernandez d suciu sigmod record  
synergistic authorization in database systems nh minsky vldb 1981.0 
parallel blackboard system . k decker a garvey m humphrey v lesser university of massachusetts technical report  
the strip rule system for efficiently maintaining derived data b adelberg h garcia-molina j widom sigmod conference 1997.0 
inside microsoft sql server 7.0 r soukup  1999.0 
fast clustering process for vector quantisation codebook design sm cheng kt lo electronic letters 1996.0 
structural variations of different oral basement membranes revealed by cationic dyes and detergent h chardin jp gokani d septier jv ruch m the histochemical journal 1992.0 
numerische methoden spektrum akademischer verlag 2000 j faires rl burden   
shaping written knowledge : the genre and activity of the experimental article in science madison c bazerman wisconsin university of wisconsin press 356p  
music videos miner l agnihotri n dimitrova j kender j zimmerman proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
profound bradycardia related to long bone fracture manipulation ca marco ap marco journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
transnational retail in emerging markets : insights from tescoâ ?? s experience in east asia n wrigley a currah & hellip ; annual conference of association of american geographers & hellip ;  
the politics and development of the federal income tax madison j witte  1985.0 
rural motor vehicle crashes : can we prevent them ? mat wylie rb kimball journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
concurrency control in database systems : a step towards the integration of optimistic methods and g lausen proceedings of the  
strong convergence theorems of mannâ ?? s type for one-parameter nonexpansive semigroups in general t suzuki w takahashi   
using iterated bagging to debias regressions l breiman machine learning 2001.0 
toward culturally sensitive theories of culture change al wilkins wg dyer jr the academy of management review 1988.0 
hmong parent education and involvement and its impact on children : a correlational study ca bondioli  2000.0 
graph clustering 1 : cycles of cliques fj brandenburg   
learning in professional practice bj daley new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
lake property owners in northern wisconsin l klessig an inland demonstration project report madison  
review of japanese web sites for chinese history kw fan electronic library 2003.0 
the ecology and sociology of the norway rat . us department of health education and welfare jb calhoun md  
algorithms and performance studies . dennis shasha francois llirbat eric simon patrick valduriez t chopping acm transactions on database systems  
security and decentralised control in the sfs distributed filesystem d maziå?res masterâ ?? s thesis mit laboratory of computer science  
survival reproduction and recruitment of woody plants after 14 years on a reforested landfill gr robinson sn handel vr schmalhofer environmental management  
workshops at a distance cc gibson tl gibson new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
soil chronosequence along the cowlitz river washington dp dethier   
the c-function for non-compactly causal symmetric spaces b krã?tz g oã ¨ lafsson   
somatostatin s yamada m ito s kobayashi horumon to rinsho 1976.0 
astron . & astroph . 409 ( 2003 ) 799 lg sveshnikova proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf. tsukuba  
microsoftâ ® project/visual basic reference mw zimmerman j bloch  1996.0 
modular work eases program design m karmi   
blocks of tame representation type and related algebras k erdmann  1990.0 
ircs : infrared camera and spectrograph for the subaru telescope n kobayashi at tokunaga h terada m goto m proc . spie 2000.0 
battery life estimation of mobile embedded systems d panigrahi c chiasserini s dey r rao a   
acute thoracic aortic dissection : the basics k chen j varon oc wenker dk judge re fromm gl journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
background characteristics of ge ( li ) detector in multilayer passive protection mg davydov ib rakhmanov ap mikhelev at .  
39a session calledâ ?? court called into sessionâ ?? a rot is required g if see  
the complexity of xpath query processing g gottlob c koch r pichler proceedings of the 22nd acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium  
the internet : which future for organised knowledge frankenstein or pygmalion ? part 1 l floridi electronic library 1996.0 
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database discovery problems lgh garcia-molina a tomasic i > proc . sigmod conf. < / i > acm press new york  
vimp-a virtual market place for insurance products s field y hoffner electronic markets 1998.0 
pleural diseases 3rd ed. 129-153 williams & wilkins baltimore rw light md  
region-specific expression of murine hox genes implies the hox code-mediated patterning of the t sekimoto k yoshinobu m yoshida s kuratani s genes to cells 1998.0 
: a description logics based tool for schema validation and semantic query optimization in object s bergamaschi c sartori d beneventano m vincini   
creeping flow of a shear-thinning fluid past a speherical vapor cavity fa jamjoom ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1986.0 
manual for the multiple affective adjective checklistâ ?? revised edits m zuckerman b lubin san diego ca  
japanese foreign direct investment : wealth effects from purchases and sales of us assets rh pettway nw sicherman dk spiess   
cartesian routing l hughes o banyasad e hughes computer networks 2000.0 
linear hashing for distributed les acm sigmod int w litwin ma neimat das lh conf . on management of data washington dc  
crystal field effects in metals and alloys a furrer zurich switzerland 1-4 sept. 1976 1976.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ evaluating the performance of multicomputer configurationsã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents dp agrawal vk janakiram ieee computer  
mathematical knowledge management in theorema b buchberger   
methotrexate for ankylosing spondylitis j chen c liu cochrane database syst . rev 2004.0 
streaming queries over streaming data s chandrasekaran mj franklin vldb 2002.0 
newblock the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . 1990  
robust baseline-independent algorithms for segmentation and reconstruction of arabic handwritten k mostafa am darwish proceedings of spie 2003.0 
â ?? the myth of e-books . c wood pc  
the mglur2/3 agonist ly379268 attenuates reinstatement of heroin and sucrose seeking induced by re jm bossert sy liu y shaham  2004.0 
modeling sustainable harvest rates for grizzly bears rb harris unpublished manuscript  
adaptive best-effort delivery of live audio and video across packet-switched networks k jeffay dl stone proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
firmly grounded : economics in the future of the law ts ulen wisconsin law review 1997.0 
adaptive predictive control of a distillation column tw yoon dr yang ks lee ym kwon   
the hierarchical degree-of-visibility tree l shou z huang kl tan ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
leap : implementing a welfare initiative to improve school attendance among teenage parents d bloom h kopp d long d polit new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
incognito : efficient fulldomain k-anonymity k lefevre d dewitt r ramakrishnan proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
approximatemediansandother quantilesinonepass and with limited memory gs manku s rajagopalan bg lindsay proceedings of acm sigmod  
strategic moves for retention success rs levitz l noel bj richter new directions for higher education 1999.0 
an evanescent field optical microscope f de fornel jp goudonnet l salomon e lesniewska proc . spie 1989.0 
secure protocol composition a datta a derek jc mitchell d pavlovic proceedings of acm workshop on formal methods in security & hellip ; 2003.0 
extraction of object-oriented structures from existing relational databases s ramanathan j hodges sigmod record 1997.0 
iterated phantom induction : a knowledge-based approach to learning control m brodie g dejong machine learning 2001.0 
change and love in an intimate note to the sincere seekers ss ravi-shankar  1999.0 
analogy and abstract in cognitive space : a software process model h zhuge j ma x shi information and software technology  
gender differences in testing for syphilis in emergency department patients diagnosed with sexually m garfinkel h blumstein journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
glu zm ozsoyo glu and v. matos . extending relational algebra and relational calculus with set - g ozsoyo acm transactions on database systems  
the relationship between theories about groups and adult learning groups s imel ej tisdell new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
adaptation : academic press mr rose gv lauder san diego  
â ?? scheduling policies for an on-demand video server with batching â ?? a dean d sitaram p shahabuddin proc . acm multimedia  
intelligence with the ubiquitous network the embedded computer devices and the hidden databases ( ej sol proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
692 except as modified herein d astm at  
bench testing of a sock-type catch basin insert for removal of free petroleum r hrachovec g minton plantcpr seattle washington  
supersymmetry and supergravity '' 260 pages 2nd rev. a edition ( march 3 1992 ) princeton univ pr j bagger j wess   
ethylene in plant biology . 2 nded.â ?? academic press fb abeles pw morgan me saltveit jr san diego  
viewpoint consistency in odp ea boiten h bowman j derrick pf linington m computer networks 2000.0 
sacramental imagery in two stories by isak dinesen a gossman wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
development of a profile approach to learning style diagnosis me ehrman bl leaver unpublished manuscript  
business reporting on the internet a lymer r debreceny g gray a rahman   
generating 3d views of facial expressions from frontal face video based on topographic analysis l yin k weiss proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
dna double labelling with idurd and cldurd for spatial and temporal analysis of cell proliferation ja aten pjm bakker j stap ga boschman chn the histochemical journal 1992.0 
vaccines for preventing influenza in people with cystic fibrosis a tan p bhalla r smyth cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
language design as design fp brooks jr history of programming languages ii . new york and reading & hellip ;  
a flora of santa cruz island : santa barbara botanic garden s junak t ayers r scott d wilken d young santa barbara california  
ribbons and beads : native american art reveals history and culture al mccall social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
subunit assembly in vivo of escherichia coli rna polymerase : role of the amino-terminal assembly m kimura a ishihama genes to cells 1996.0 
balancing pushand pullfordata broadcast s acharya m franklin s zdonik inproceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
thermoregulation : what is regulated and how j bligh see ref  
mining all maximal frequent word sequences in a set of sentences h ahonen-myka proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
endogenous oscillations of the transcript amounts of subunit-c of the v-atpase of mesembryanthemum b rockel b blasius f beck r ratajczak u cellular and molecular biology letters 1997.0 
electronic journals : publishing via internet 's world wide web pa van brakel electronic library 1995.0 
congenital long-qt syndrome : a case report illustrating diagnostic pitfalls1 p salen v nadkarni journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
graduate programs in schools of education : facing tomorrow today . bl schneider new directions for higher education 1984.0 
intergenerational transmission of welfare participation : how large is the causal link ? c ratcliffe unpublished manuscript  
benefits of path summaries in an xml query optimizer supporting multiple access methods a barta mp consens ao mendelzon proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
on the topological model theory of normal disjunctive lattices â ?? p bankston   
underage drinking and access to alcohol : purchase e citations md 2004.0 
comparing and aggregating rankings with ties r fagin r kumar m mahdian d sivakumar e vee   
the effect of argon dilution on the stability of acetylene/oxygen detonations mi radulescu hd ng jhs lee b varatharajan proceedings-combustion institute 2002.0 
indexing multispectral images for content-based retrieval j barros j french w martin p kelly jm white   
multimedia call admission control in mobile networks : a dynamical reservation-pool approach f hu nk sharma computer networks 2003.0 
calpain upregulation in spinal cords of mice with 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1 2 3 6-tetrahydropyridine ( sk ray gg wilford sf ali nl banik annals-new york academy of sciences 2000.0 
performance analysis of systems with multi-channel communication architectures k lahiri   
parallel evaluation of recursive rule queries sc ck p kanellakis proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on  
a measure of parallelization for the lexicographically first maximal subgraph problems r uehara proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ; 1997.0 
design and development of a stream service in a heterogeneous client environment ( research ) n pappas s christodoulakis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
adaptive bang-bang-control for processes containig switching actuators ( eine adaptive u hoffmann  1987.0 
limnological analysis rg wetzel ge likens  2000.0 
optimizing database architecture for the new bottleneck : memory access ( extended paper published for p boncz s manegold m kersten the vldb journal  
belief reasoning in mls deductive databases hm jamil sigmod conference 1999.0 
development of a methodology for the assessment of sustainability in intensively managed forested jc azevedo xb wu mg messina rf fisher  2003.0 
what happens during a join ? dissecting cpu and memory optimization effects s manegold p boncz ml kersten   
data grid for large-scale medical image archive and analysis hk huang a zhang b liu z zhou j documet n proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
evolution of part of the lower critical zone farm ruighoek western bushveld . ja mcdonald  1963.0 
interventions for preventing and treating pelvic and back pain in pregnancy g young d jewell cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
teaching about goods and services using benny 's pennies . pull-out 1 . c mcgrew social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
porpoise fisheries in the southern caribbean â ?? present utilizations and future potentials dk caldwell mc caldwell proceedings of the 23rd annual session of the gulf and & hellip ;  
energy research and development corporation ( australia ) project report no. 37 rm gifford  1991.0 
aliens who receive ssi payments . cg scott e ponce unpublished manuscript.  
virtual reality l von schweber pc magazine  
imagery context availability contextual constraint and abstractness k wiemer-hastings j krug x xu   
thoughtful warriors : status warriorship and alliance in the ecuadorian amazon jq patton  1996.0 
irisnet : an architecture for internet-scale sensing pb gibbons b karp y ke s nath s seshan   
an effective algorithm for mining of association rules js parkâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
living with floods : victims ' perceptions in beijiang guangdong china kk wong x zhao area 2001.0 
uncertainty modelling and structured singular value computation applied to an electro-mechanical m steinbuch jc terlouw oh bosgra sg smit iee proceedings-d 1992.0 
auditing compliance with a hippocratic database r agrawal r bayardo c faloutsos j kiernan r proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
how to specify and verify the long-run average behavior of probabilistic systems l de alfaro   
africanized bee and mites parasitic on bees in relation to world beekeeping e crane see ref  
making-a-case : a study of the classroom construction of academic literacy la rex  1997.0 
chemistry and pathobiology of advanced glycation end products ed schleicher a bierhaus pp nawroth r lehmann contributions to nephrology 2001.0 
metaquerier over the deep web : shallow integration across holistic sources kcc chang b he z zhang proceedings of the vldb workshop on information integration & hellip ;  
the role of the state in growth and welfare soâ ?? riain poâ ?? connell bust to boom  
intelligent selection of instance for prediction functions in lazy learning j zhang ys yim j yang artificial intelligence review  
programmed word length computer al lucke   
repeating history beyond aries c mohan vldb 1999.0 
syphilis testing b clyne da jerrard journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
obstacles hinder it portfolio management t hoffman computerworld  
shifting paradigms with the application service provider model l tao   
average predictive effects for models with nonlinearity interactions and variance components a gelman i pardoe unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
machine vision theory algorithms practicalities er davis academic san diego  
sensory evaluation practices academic press h stone jl sidel san diego  
qualitative behavior of solutions to nã ? n systems of conservation laws k trivisa   
sand plain forest fragmentation and residential development invercargill city new zealand da norton see ref  
the iowa driving-simulator : an zmmersive environment for driving-related research and development jg kuhl d evans y papelis r romano g watson ieee computer  
insite : a tool for real-time knowledge discovery from users web navigation c shahabi a faisal fb kashani j faruque proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
economic growth and poverty â ?? s tendulkar & hellip ; india : research and policy bombay : oxford university press  
realization of high breakdown voltage ( > 700 v ) in thin soi devices s merchant e arnold h baumgart s mukherjee h   
s and mundy jn 1961 js dugdale phil . mag  
ibers f basolo bm hoffman ja acc . chem . res  
thermal resistance of gallium-arsenide field-effect transistors pw webb   
common and avoidable causes of eis failure hj watson h glover computerworld  
a comparison of search term weighting : term relevance vs. inverse document frequency h wu g salton acm sigir forum 1981.0 
emotional suppression : physiology self-report and expressive behavior jj gross rw levenson journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
concurrency control in hierarchical multidatabase systems s mehrotra hf korth a silberschatz the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
thin is back sb howard pc  
the role of environmental scanning in effective fundraising a gibbs new directions for higher education 1996.0 
reducing energy consumption ofwireless mobile devices using a secondary low-power channel e shih v bahl m sinclair  2003.0 
craig stinson è ?? m dodge microsoft excel  
similarity-based queries for sequences data d rafiei a mendelzon proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data (  
hail : a language for easy and correct device access j sun w yuan m kallahalla n islam proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
behavioral genetics r plomin   
a proposal for a postgraduate curriculum in information security dependability and safety sk katsikas da gritzalis athens greece : new technology publications september  
losing runs in bernoulli trials dw boyd unpublished manuscript  
leadership and staff development : a mentorship model . lap daloz pj edelson new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
recent bt patents sj harris bt technology journal 2002.0 
er modeler : a database modeling toolkit for eclipse s zhou c xu h wu j zhang y lin j wang j gray   
solid state tonics m shyono k kobayashi tl nguyen k hosoda t kato   
idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis : current concepts jh ryu tv colby te hartman mayo clinic proceedings 1998.0 
sabre flies to open systems gh anthes computerworld  
the shadow of the future : effects of anticipated interaction and frequency of contact on buyer - jb heide as miner the academy of management journal 1992.0 
mpeg-7 : a standard for multimedia content description f pereira r koenen   
an infrared lateral shearing interferometer for plasma diagnostic and infrared optical components d apostol i apostol in mihailescu & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
the clearing of the english woodlands hc darby geography  
bpr success or failure ? a business process reengineering project in the financial services industry ma larsen md myers   
adaptive design of locomotion and foot form in prosobranch gastropods sel miller  1972.0 
wolfe-dietrich and anoop gupta . \ \ splash : stanford parallel applications for shared-memory '' jp singh technical report csl-tr-92-526 stanford university computer  
analysis of random drop for gateway congestion control [ r ] . report lcs tr-465 e hashem  1989.0 
smily a smil authoring environment m jourdan l tardif l villard proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 1999.0 
c. 1950 rc faust phil . mag  
an introduction to structured modeling am geoffrion management science 1987.0 
atomnaya nergiya 2 vl shashkin i  
analysis of organ donation refusal mc jouan j decaris c bicocchi l joseph j transplantation proceedings 1996.0 
apj ma prietoâ ? ¦  2004.0 
towards an analysis of range query performance b pagel h six h toben p widmayer proc . of the acm-sigmod symposium on principles of database  
wildlife conservation : an historical perspective . j sheail geography 1984.0 
state-level leadership for occupational education . nc harris new directions for higher education 1974.0 
r. multivalued dependencies and a new normal form for relational databases f agin acm trans . database syst . 2 3 ( sept. 1977 )  
caprera : an activity framework for transaction processing on wide-area networks s kumar ek kwang d agrawal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
case study of electronic banking at meridian bancorp rd banker rj kauffman   
the design and implementation of the ariel active database rule system en hanson   
prediction and controlling resource usage in a heterogeneous active network dec. 2000 sf bush ab kulkarni v galtier k mills y & hellip ; networks pi meeting and demonstration ( http://www . crd . ge .  
statistical design using variable parameter variances and application to cellular neural networks i fajfar   
a teradata content-based multimedia object manager for massively parallel architectures woâ ?? connell it ieong d schrader c watson g au   
new techniques and tools ease design of custom vlsi dg fairbairn al haines electronic  
a region splitting strategy for physical database design of multidimensional file organizations jh lee yk lee ky whang vldb 1997.0 
pp503-550 and references therein . caroino la n york acc . chem . res  
self-tuning histograms : building histograms without looking at data aa ac s chaudhuri proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
theory based modeling of ec heated discharges g tardini ag peeters gv pereverzev f ryterâ ? ¦   
scripps orbit and permanent array center : report to '93 igs bern workshop y bock p fang k stark j zhang j genrich s proceedings of the 1993 igs workshop 25-26 march  
the performance of three database storage structures for managing large objects portal.acm.org   
new york ny : acm ; 1991 . 93-112 il chicago   
the treatment of aplastic anaemia with phytohaemagglutinin jg humble lancet i 1964.0 
new results on the computability and complexity of points-to-analysis vt chakaravarthy   
path phrases and compounds in the acquisition of english w snyder s felber b kang d lillo-martin at bucld  
a paradigm change in assembling oh functionalities on metal centers . hw roesky s singh v jancik v chandrasekhar acc . chem . res 2004.0 
the bird collectors : academic press b mearns r mearns san diego california  
evaluation of the size of a query expressed in relational algebra p richard proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference  
dynamics of ip traffic : a study of the role of variability and the impact of control acm sigcomm a feldmann ac gilbert p huang w willinger acm press new  
certification programs for business and industry . tj settle new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
organizational telecompetence : creating the virtual organization jw turner c peterson see ref  
h early experience with rule based query rewrite optimization in optimization workshop h plrahe  1989.0 
a project effort estimation study n ohlsson c wohlin b regnell   
tobias j. moskowitz p held   
tiny bubbles '' s leroy  1997.0 
multiple query processing in deductive databases using query graphs us chakravarthy vldb 1986.0 
discover : keyword search in relational databases v hristidis y papakonstantinou vldb 2002.0 
event detection in baseball video using superimposed caption recognition d zhang sf chang   
an observational study of the emergency triage nursing role in a managed care facility eb geraci ta geraci journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
system v enhanced . j gallant computerworld. 1984.0 
the nearest neighbor problem in information retrieval : an algorithm using upperbounds af smeaton cj van rijsbergen acm sigir forum 1981.0 
shocks sensitivity and resilience : tracking the economic impacts of environmental disaster on mr carter pd little t mogues w negatu university of wisconsin 2004.0 
on computing the data cube research report 10026 s sarawagi r agrawal a gupta ibm almaden research center san jose california  
removal policies in network caches for world wide web s williams m abrams cr standridge g abdulla ea proc . acm  
the rise of a caribbean dictator rlt molina  1971.0 
skills they 'd kill for a radding computerworld  
a normal form for relational databases that is based on domains and keys r fagin acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
preparing the wound bed-debridement bacterial balance and moisture balance rg sibbald d williamson hl orstedâ ? ¦   
the effect of chromosome structure on gene expression h yu j qian k yuval m gerstein  2002.0 
horse chestnut seed extract for chronic venous insufficiency mh pittler e ernst cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
local chromatic number and sperner capacity j korner c pilotto g simonyi   
quantum commttnication i kremer msc thesis computer science department the hebrew university  
the american girls collection history project : a third grade and teacher education collaboration k hoelscher social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
rising above the hate of warâº translated by yoshida jiro s hiroya unpublished  
winter water quality in lakes and streams dj calkins gd ashton water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
er timi-19 : testing the reality of prehospital thrombolysis cp cannon aj sayah rm walls journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
adult learning and life histories : opportunities and issues for qualitative research at the british a thomson & hellip ; . proceedings of the 23rd annual scutrea conference lincoln  
network formation with active brownian particles f schweitzer b tilch submitted for publication  
the influence of growth conditions on the composition of gainasp grown by gas-source molecular beam k tappura t hakkarainen k rakennus m hovinen h oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
towards a universal relation interface sl osbom proc . intl. conf . on very large data  
control flow analysis for thecalculus . concurrency theory ( concurâ ?? 98 ) c bodei p degano f nielson hr nielson proceedings ( d. sangiorgi r. de simone eds . )  
a formal approach to relationships in the unified modeling language g overgaard proceedings  
qxtract : a building block for efficient information extraction from text databases e agichtein l gravano proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2003.0 
m. { a. neimat da schneider : lh * | linear hashing for distributed files w litwin proc . acm sigmod conference on the management of data  
operational transform in real-time group editors : issues algorithms and achievements c sun c ellis proceedings of acm  
crystal-chemistry aspect of radiation resistance of nonmetallic materials vm kosenkov sa vorobâ ?? ev at .  
partial covers of graphs j fiala j kratochvãl discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2002.0 
codap : some new techniques to improve job type identification and definition wj phalen jj weissmuller proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the military & hellip ;  
madison sw knowledge  1988.0 
asymptotics in statistics : some basic concepts lm le cam gl yang  1990.0 
natural language processing ak joshi acm sigart bulletin 1977.0 
attitudes and beliefs regarding childbirth and perinatal care among the nso of northwest cameroon ab nsamenang me lamb unpublished manuscript  
a new model for training project managers . aj shenhar b nofzinger proc. 28th annual seminars and symposium project & hellip ;  
characteristics of heavy metal release from incineration ash melted slag and their re-product m ozaki h watanabe b wieusch international conference in sludge management  
cognitive representations of light - vs. dark-skinned blacks : structure content and use of the kb maddox  1998.0 
web-based simulation generator : empowering teaching and learning media in political science a ip r linser   
biological properties of spinosad bl bret ll larson jr schoonover tc sparks gd down to earth  
brief presentation of the story and present status of studies of the vertebrate cholinergic system ag karczmar neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
widening the net : workshop report on the theory and practice of physical and network communities s whittaker e isaacs vo ` day acm sigchi bulletin 1997.0 
grid-graph partitioning ww donaldson  2000.0 
homology and residues for foliations mt benameur v nistor submitted for  
concordia : an infrastructure for collaborating mobile agents d wong n paciorek t walsh j dicelie m young b lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
the gestalt of an information technology outsourcing relationship : an exploratory analysis t kern   
september 2003 as at 30 sept. 2003 $ m as at as at  
optimism biases among brokerage and non-brokerage firms ' equity recommendations : agency costs in the wt carleton cr chen tl steiner financial management 1998.0 
on market timing and investment performance i rc merton i : an  
generating bricks . s norine r thomas   
social networks and the performance of individuals and groups rt sparrowe rc liden sj wayne ml kraimer   
principles of medicinal chemistry gh hamor m. varghese company bombay india  
amantadine and memantine are nmda receptor antagonists with neuroprotective properties j kornhuber m weller k schoppmeyer p riederer journal of neural transmission supplementum 1994.0 
geo-algebra : a mathematical approach to integrating spatial modeling and gis m takeyama  1996.0 
results of crystal analysis l vegard phil . mag  
breeam 98 for offices r baldwin a yates n howard s roa isbn 1998.0 
irani . combinatorialandexperimentalresults for randomized point matching algorithms p raghavanands proc . 12th . acm . scg  
- lin [ 14 ] t. bozkaya and zm ozsoyoglu . distance based indexing for high dimensional metric spaces cc pan kh yang proceedings of string processing and information retrieval & hellip ;  
cml : a higher concurrent language jh reppy acm sigplan notices 1991.0 
efficient model checking using tabled resolution ys ramakrishna cr ramakrishnan iv ramakrishnan lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
markets inside telecommunications i adjali bt technology journal 1994.0 
placing trust trusting place : on the social construction of offshore financial centres ac hudson political geography 1998.0 
in : principles of bone biology bp lukert be kream academic : san diego  
evolved software for the 80 's la belady ieee computer  
why erp projects cause panic attacks m betts computerworld  
surviving and thriving sa cox new directions for higher education 1996.0 
a general perspective on nomad-sedentary relations in the middle east f barth see ref  
the political landscape of adult education : from the personal to political and back again ca hansman new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
recent developments in estimating polychlorinated biphenyl ( pcb ) losses from confined disposal te myers ja miller fl snitz water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
a new questionnaire for gastroesophageal reflux disease gr locke nj talley al weaver ar zinsmeisterâ ? ¦ mayo clinic proceedings 1994.0 
1998 . unbundling active functionality s gatziuâ ? ¦ acm sigmod  
interdependent parameters of circadian activity rhythms in birds and man j aschoff u gerecke a kureck h pohl p rieger see ref  
interleukin-6 family of cytokines and gp130 t kishimoto s akira m narazaki t taga blood-new york - 1995.0 
inside server-based applications dj reilly  1999.0 
randomized algorithms for optimizing large join queries acm sigmod int y ioannidis y kang conference on management of data  
process-centered software engineering environments : academic and industrial perspective g engels r balzer v gruhn proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software  
improved query performance with variant indexes eon patrick d quass sigmod conference  
on the stability of steady and of periodic fluid motion l kelvin phil . mag  
telecommuters and work groups : a communication network analysis f belanger   
adult and pediatric pharyngitis : a review . rb vukmir journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
variability and models of the effective quantum yield of carbon assimilation in the sargasso sea jc sorensen  1996.0 
absorptive capacity : a review reconceptualization and extension sa zahra g george academy of management review 2002.0 
neural networks for intelligent multimedia processing sy kung jn hwang proceedings-ieee 1998.0 
content-based image retrieval by viewpoint-invariant color indexing t gevers awm smeulders image and vision computing 1999.0 
reply to a paper by an habermann on the programming language pascal o lecarme p desjardins acm sigplan notices 1974.0 
chuck : a programming language for on-the-fly real-time audio synthesis and multimedia g wang p cook proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
graph structure in the web a tomkins j wiener computer networks  
dimensionality of observer ratings on the california adult q-set k lanning journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
randomized quadratic lower bound for knapsack d grigoriev m karpinski proc . 29th acm stoc  
iterative pde computations on a transputer based parallel computer en mathioudakis ep papadopoulou yg saridakis procs 2nd hellenic conference on mathematics and informatics & hellip ;  
campus environmental stewardship . dj eagan new directions for higher education 1992.0 
interacting effects of information and coping style in adapting to gynecologic stress : should the sm miller ce mangan journal of personality and social psychology 1983.0 
report on dart ' 96 : databases : active and real-time ( concepts meet practice ) k ramamritham n soparkar sigmod record 1997.0 
constructing logically consistent special and general theories of relativity math . dept. us naval ra herrmann md  
subgroups of the additive group of a separably closed field t blossier submitted for publication 2004.0 
antibiotic therapy for prophylaxis against infection of pancreatic necrosis in acute pancreatitis c bassi m larvin e villatoro cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
how the new teachers performed . ld fink new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
a query languageand optimizationtechnieques for unstructured data p buneman s davidson g hillebrand d suciu proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
a complete temporal relational algebra d dey tm barron vc storey the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
lifetime reproductive success in birds i newton academic san diego  
an on-line self-tuning markov histogram for xml path selectivity estimation l lim m wang s padamanabhan js vitter rxpl proceedings of  
approaches to measuring size of application products with case tools g tate j verner information and software technology 1991.0 
oql-an object-oriented query language am alashqur syw su h lam proc . of the intâ ?? l conf . on vldb  
tech ed a robbins pc magazine  
management and control in the virtual supply chain lf baxter   
enhancing pediatric primary care : cost lessons learned from pediatric pathways to success m kaplan-sanoff tw brown b zuckerman zero to three 1997.0 
pursuit : programming in the user interface f modugno proceedings of acm  
injury prevention coordinator : an opportunity for emergency nurses ka hansen se shapiro journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
feeding africa 's urban poor : urban and peri-urban horticulture in kano nigeria t binns n fereday   
intracellular calcium channels t furuichi t michikawa k mikoshiba see ref  
oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil and g. weikum ã cents â ? ¬ å?the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database disk ej oã cents proceedings of international conference on management of & hellip ;  
the weather in israel b ziv introduction to meteorology  
performance limitations of cc-numa and hierarchical coma multiprocessors and the flat-coma solution a guptaâ ? ¦ stanford university stanford ( 1992 ) technical report csl-tr-92 -  
differential les : their application to the maintenance of large databases dg severance gm lohman acm transactions on database systems  
the determination of efficient record segmentations and blocking factors for shared data files st march dg serverance acm transactions on database systems 1977.0 
physio-chemical removal of phosphorus from aerated lagoonsâ ?? a case study ks narasaih c morasse j lemay proceedings of the international conference on management & hellip ;  
the andorra-i engine : a parallel implementation of the basic andorra model dhd warren vs costa r yang  1991.0 
efficient user-adaptable similarity search in large multimedia databases t seidl hp kriegel vldb 1997.0 
a cmos rf rms detector for built-in testing of wireless transceivers a valdes-garcia r venkatasubramanian r   
modelling temporal thematic map contents e pourabbas sigmod record 2003.0 
emerging needs for consultants in higher education . dh pilon new directions for higher education 1991.0 
lipotoxicity in the pathogenesis of obesity-dependent niddm : genetic and clinical implications rh unger diabetes-new  
forskolin : its chemical biological and medical potential rh rupp nj de soaza an dohadwalla international symposium on forskolin . bombay india january  
xquery implementation in a relational database system s pal i cseri o seeliger m rys g schaller w submitted for  
hidden markov models in biomedical signal processing a cohen   
transition to object-oriented development âº comm me fayad w tsai ml fulghum  1996.0 
desrgn of an external schema faclhty to defme and process recursive structures e clemons acm trans on database systems  
rastogi r. shim k. spirit : sequential pattern mining with regular expression constraints m garofalkis proc . 1999 int . conf . very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 99 ) & hellip ;  
models of distribution of pollutants in the air j straszko la paulo a witkowski environment protection engineering 1996.0 
february 2000 national institute of standards and technology gaithersburg wg mallard pj linstrom   
the lagrangian relaxation method for solving integer programming problems ml fisher management  
ice formation in wave clouds : comparison of aircraft observations with measurements of ice nuclei . dc rogers pj demott wa cooper rm rasmussen  1996.0 
notes on database operating systems jn gray lecture notes in computer science .  
multimodalityâ ?? the future of the wireless user interface spa ringland fj scahill bt technology journal 2003.0 
scott shenker ( xerox parc ) deborah estrin ( usc/isi ) '' sharing the cost of multicast trees : an s herzog proceedings of  
the yellow active queue management algorithm c long b zhao x guan j yang c long b zhao x computer networks 2005.0 
entrap-immobilization of urease on composite gel fiber of cellulose acetate and zirconia k nakane k takahashi f suzuki y kurokawa fiber 1999.0 
collection devices for obtaining cervical cytology samples ( cochrane review ) p martin-hirsch g jarvis h kitchener r lilford cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a novel von willebrand disease-causing mutation ( arg273trp ) in the von willebrand factor propeptide s allen am abuzenadah j hinks jl blagg t blood-new york - 2000.0 
ecientlymininglongpatternsfromdatabases r bayardo proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
efficiently monitoring relational databases op buneman ek clemons acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1979.0 
no girl is an island : girls in science and technology often feel alone m honey d bennett electronic learning  
generating spatiotemporal datasets on the www . acms anthology sigmod record 2000.0 
examination of a model of multiple sociocultural influences on adolescent girls ' body tl dunkley eh wertheim sj paxton adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
implementation of logic query languages for databases j ullman acm trans . on database systems  
test equating mj kolen rl brennan  1995.0 
supernova neutrinos ( abstract only ) j peltoniemi oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
color doppler in the diagnosis of ectopic pregnancy in the emergency department : is there anything m blaivas journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
the nag library '' machine '' b ford j bentley acm signum newsletter 1977.0 
mining generalized association rules ( expanded version ) r srikant r agrawal technical report rj9963 ibm research division almaden research  
informed content delivery over adaptive overlay networks j byers j considine m mitzenmacher proc . acm sigcomm  
a comparison of the effects of alfacalcidol treatment and vitamin d supplementation on calcium rm francis it boyle c moniz am sctcliffe bs proceedings of the ninth workshop on vitamin d. orlando & hellip ;  
the bandwidth bottleneck s rupley pc magazine  
added benefits : the link between work-life benefits and organizational citizenship behavior sj lambert academy of management journal 2000.0 
the use of formvar films on both sides of a section to facilitate the selected surface technique for i shore j moss the histochemical journal 1988.0 
an analysis of three transaction processing architectures a bhide vldb 1988.0 
mining association rules between sets of items in large databases r agrawal a swami  1993.0 
a model for circadian oscillations in the drosophila period protein ( per ) a goldbeter proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
fixit f echtler h najafi g klinker demonstration at the international symposium on augmented & hellip ;  
an empirical performance study of the ingres search accelerator for a large property management ss anand da bell proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
beta blocker toxicity after overdose : when do symptoms develop in adults ? jn love journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
nist electron inelastic-mean-free-path database ( version 1.0 ) . national institute of standards and cj powell a jablonski md  
a notation for spatiotemporal queries vj tsotras cs jensen rt snodgrass acm sigmod record 1998.0 
market response to product-strategy and capital-expenditure announcements in singapore : investment ss chen   
rowohlt verlag 1990 mfh hamm   
natural reactors in oklo . summary of research through may 1 1974 r naudet proceedings translation of â ?? le phã © nomã ¨ ne d &#39; okloâ ?? : & hellip ;  
jointschedulingand admissioncontrolforats-based switching nodes jm hyman aa lazar g pacifici proceedings of acm sigcomm  
existence and optimality of competitive equilibria cd aliprantis dj brown o burkinshaw  1989.0 
the use of genetic algorithms in the construction of mixed multilevel orthogonal arrays rb safadi rh wang proceedings of the 23rd symposium of the interface between & hellip ;  
factors affecting compliance with cyclosporine in adult renal transplant patients i sketris n waite k grobler m west transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
failure and failure resolution in the us thrift and banking industries a gupta l misra   
characterization of hypoxia : topic 1 report for the integrated assessment of hypoxia in the gulf of nn rabalais re turner d justic q dortch wj md  
results of lawyersâ ?? work and family study of alternative schedules at law firms in the district of l chavez unpublished  
a knowledge processing system for data service network design nj fiddian p marti jc pazzaglia k hui a preece bt technology journal 1999.0 
adding semantic annotation to the penn treebank p kingsbury m palmer m marcus   
the vicissitudes of mood measurement : effects of varying descriptors time frames and response d watson journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
matousek de abel de la cruz a. anez n. and alarcon om jl burguera m burguera at . spectrosc  
financing liberal learning : the role for government . db johnstone new directions for higher education 1994.0 
anã ¡ lisis de observaciones clinomã © tricas de largo periodo en la isla lanzarote 2âª asamblea j arnoso r vieira ej vã © lez ts cain weixin  2000.0 
supermon : cluster monitoring as if performance mattered mj sottile rg minnich submitted for publication  
accessing a relational database through an object-oriented database interface j orenstein proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
access protocol for a broadcast channel w xu gcadq ransom proc . acm  
global ecological democracy js dryzek see low  
building program optimizers with rewriting strategies e visser a tolmach proceedings of the third acm sigplan international & hellip ; 1999.0 
submitted to nucl . fusion ; angioni c. et al c angioniâ ? ¦ proc . of the 29th eps conf . on plasma phys . and control . & hellip ;  
on the scattering of radiation from atoms i waller phil . mag  
spatial data mining : a database approach m ester hp kriegel j sander lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
algorithmsfordeferred view maintenance ls colby t griffin l libkin is mumick h proc . of the acm sigmod  
distributed systems s mullenderâ ? ¦ acm  
measurement of heat losses from an operating district heating system g phetteplace f = i  
o. : assaig sobre la geomorfologia medieval de la ciutat vella de barcelona ri arderiu proceedings del iii congres dâ ?? historia de barcelona  
insolvency of insurance companies yy chen university of california santa barbara doctoral & hellip ;  
use priority encoders for fast data comparison '' s murugesan electronic engineering  
the development of corporate liberal policy research in the united states 1885-1965 dw eakins  1966.0 
establishing visions in context : toward a model of requirements processes m jarke k pohl proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1993.0 
concepts and experiments in computational reflexion p maes proceedings of acm oopsla  
a taxonomy for object-oriented secure databases m olivier s von solms acm tods  
globalization institutional evolution and the australian federation tj courchene see galligan  
updating relational databases through weak instance interfaces p atzeni r torlone acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
andt . r. smith . efficient retrieval for browsing large image databases d wu d agrawal ae abbadi a singh procs . conf . on information and knowledge management  
bricksâ ?? n clicks . l stevens pc magazine june  
upper cambrian-lowermost ordovician stratigraphy and microbialites of the great basin usa rs shapiro  1998.0 
the slatec mathematical subroutine library wh vandevender kh haskell acm signum newsletter 1982.0 
ontologies and rules in support of real-time ubiquitous application m hatala r wakkary l kalantari journal of web semantics special issue on '' rules and & hellip ; 2005.0 
data mining on large graphs c palmer p gibbons c faloutsos proc . acm intl. conf . on sigkdd  
faculty development yesterday today and tomorrow . jg gaff do justice new directions for higher education 1978.0 
undergraduate obstetrics and gynaecology ( 3 rdedition ) oxford : butterworth-heinemann m hull d joyce g turner p wardle isbn  
cospan rh hardin z har ` el rp kurshan lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
improved method of ga 's non-efficiency operation h yu-sheng h sheng-lian h guo-si proceedings of the 3rd worl d congress on intelligent  
national television violence study . violence in television programming overall bj wilsonâ ? ¦  1997.0 
a learning framework for project management t kotnour project management journal 1999.0 
complex objects andtnew ... . use in design transactions r lorie w plouffe proceedings o [ 1983 acm sigmod conference engineering  
sampling microbes from the rhizosphere and phyllosphere lmc dandurand gr knudsen see ref  
march 30 1999 assistant district fish biologist oregon state department of fish & wildlife d harris ecology & environment inc. seattle  
paleoenvironments provenance and tectonic implications of the sespe formation southern california jl howard santa barbara university of california  
japan loves wireless a cohen pc magazine  
landslides on exmoor caused by the storm of 15th of august 1952 j gifford geography  
an efficient algorithm to estimate the instantaneous snr of speech signals r martin   
analyzing and measuring the latency of the totem multicast protocols e thomopoulos le moser pm melliar-smith computer networks 1999.0 
intranet . tvâ ?? automated multimedia content delivery rj jacobs md walker rim jeffery bt technology journal 2002.0 
querando ! : un agente de filtrado de documentos web sa gomez l lanzarini procs . of the vii argentinean conf . in computer science ( & hellip ;  
practical predicate dispatch t millstein   
the microsoft repository b harry p sanders pa bernstein d shutt j   
selection of file organization using an analytical model sb yao ag merten proc . internat . conf . of very large data bases framingham & hellip ;  
modelling of chemicals in lakes-development and application of user-friendly software ( masas & m ulrich  1991.0 
shmueli . eventspecicationinan active object-oriented database n gehani hv jagadish eto acm sigmod international conference on management of  
the academy online classes and the breach in ethics bw speck new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
clinical predictors of computed tomographic abnormalities following pediatric traumatic brain injury m ramundo t mcknight j kempf journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
recent results of dust explosion studies at the lake lynn experimental mine es weiss nb greninger mj sapko proceedings of the 23rd international conference of safety & hellip ;  
& m. baker . measuring link bandwidths using a deterministic model of packet delay . k lai proceedings of acm sigcomm  
strictly nonblocking grooming of dynamic traffic in unidirectional sonet/wdm rings using genetic y xu sc xu bx wu computer networks 2003.0 
assessing and improving studentsâ ?? learning strategies pr pintrich gr johnson new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
dam-break induced bank erosion : exploratory investigation and perspectives s soares frazã # o m poncin v paquier b spinewine proc . 29th iahr congress  
towards situational methods for information systems development : engineering reusable method chunks j ralyte procs . 13th int . conf . on information systems development . & hellip ;  
a demand adaptive and locality aware ( dala ) streaming media cluster architecture z ge p ji p shenoy proc . of acm nossdav  
embedding knowledge in web documents m philippe e peter computer networks  
retirement expectations formation using the health and retirement study . h benãtez - silva d dwyer unpublished manuscript  
minimum cost selection of secondary indexes for formatted files hd anderson pb berra acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1977.0 
developing and nurturing professional relationships . wa howe new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
queries in the odmg type systems s alagãc acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
simulation estimates of the net employment impacts of an employment subsidy program for long term d greenberg d meyer c michalopoulos p robins unpublished document . new york : manpower demonstration & hellip ;  
off-line learning from perception for improving mission performance of autonomous vehicles r gregor procs . of the 1998 ieee conference on intelligent  
a survey of cache coherence for multiprocessors p stenstrom ieee computer  
who is speaking thus ? some questions about documentary photography . a solomon-godeau i. falk  
an adaptive hash join algorithm for multiuser envronments h zeller j gray proceedings of the 16th international conference on vldb  
submission of final research report v rehabilitation  2000.0 
realistic landscape rendering using remote sensing images digital terrain models and 3d objects kc graf  1995.0 
cytochemical studies of hydrogen peroxide production in the tadpole tail ofrana japonica during f sasaki t kinoshita h takahama k watanabe the histochemical journal 1988.0 
kohonenâ ?? s self organizing feature maps for exploratory data analysis a ultsch hp siemon proc . innc  
technologies for local area computer networks iw cotton computer networks  
packet path diversity for tcp file transfer and media transport on the internet eg steinbach y liang b girod submitted for  
thoughts on inverse orthogonal matrices jj sylvester phil . mag  
partition testing with usage models k sayre jh poore   
selenium supplementation to prevent short-term morbidity in preterm neonates ba darlow nc austin cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
penicillin tolerance and bacterial endocarditis y holloway j dankert j hess lancet i 1980.0 
visual and haptic interactions in the perception of stiffness in virtual environments aj cividanes  2000.0 
us army recruiting effort uses demographic system to fill out volunteer ranks . t scannell computerworld 1980.0 
videoconferecing standarts target desktop applications c ajluni electronic design  
extensions of topological groups do not respect countable compactness 5 pp m bruguera m tkachenko   
citizenship education : looking at government . le nielsen jm finkelstein social studies and the young learner 1988.0 
assessment of seismic and infrasound signals in korea with ground truth b stump ms jun c hayward js jeon iy che sm   
ohlen . temporal database system implementations b mh acm sigmod record  
a statistical approach to incomplete information in database systems e wong acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
the query optimizer in tandem 's new serverware sql product p celis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
l ( 2 1 ) - labelling of 3-regular hamiltonian graphs jh kang submitted for  
cancers in cyclosporine-treated vs azathioprine-treated patients i penn transplantation proceedings 1996.0 
characterisation of mobile radio signals : base station crosscorrelation amd turkmani   
surfaces in range image understanding pj besl  1988.0 
3rd international workshop on traceability in emerging forms of software engineering ( tefse 2005 ) ji maletic g antoniol j cleland-huang jh hayes proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
printers ( the drivers manual ) j mace pc magazine  
the role of the chairperson in support of junior faculty . dw wheeler new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
a three-dimensional numerical study of the effect of pulsating flow on conversion efficiency inside sj jeong ws kim proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
on graphs all of whose { c ~ 3 t ~ 3 } - free arc colorations are kernel-perfect h galeana-sanchez jj garcia-ruvalcaba discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2001.0 
jasonmadar and raymond ng . semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles hv jagadish & hellip ; of the25th international conference onverylarge  
mainframers win ticket to ride client/server bus j king computerworld  
a two-torus oscillator r rassai rw newcomb proc . 28th midwest symp . on circuits and systems louisville & hellip ;  
a study of subcrustal earthquake pair occurrences in the vrancea ( romania ) region v mã cents rza z malita proc . xxiv gen. assembly esc athens greece  
study of effective non-symmetrical multicomponent isotope separation cascades na kolokolâ ?? tsov ga sulaberidze at . energy  
recognition of sign language gestures using neural networks p vamplew a adams & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems 1998.0 
h for nonlinear stochastic systems n berman u shaked proc . 29th conf . mechanical  
stress coping and adult education sa mcclary new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
one small candle : the true story of alina and leo bacall l murphy unpublished  
smalltalk session b ryder history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
thinking way-based systems and culture of manufacturing-engendering proposals for developing region - y ito 522 d. hell et al. proceedings of 2nd ims international  
querying aggregate data s grumbach m rafanelli l tininini proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst 1999.0 
digital phase-locked loops move into analog territory w greer b kean electronic design  
the development and control of respiratory pathways in slices of plant storage organs gg laties see ref  
deterministic capacity expansion under deterioration s rajagopalan management science 1992.0 
fuzzy controllers with conditionally ring rules b moser m navara to  
a design methodology for object oriented database c cauvet c roland c proix international conference on management of data hyderabad & hellip ;  
completion of pilot wind energy survey in southern queensland cn jones td berrill po fries  1987.0 
sss : â ?? a knowledge-based approach to resource scheduling in an f-16 fighter training unit.â ?? term f evren middle east technical university  
the case for an ice shelf in the pleistocene arctic ocean mg grosswald tj hughes polar geography 1999.0 
using mailed questionnaires in negotiation consultation jr russo new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
comparative performance analysis of directed flow control for real-time sci rw todd mc chidester ad george computer networks 2001.0 
business models for electronic commerce p timmers electronic markets  
cooperative object buffer management in the advanced information prototype k kã 1/4 spert p dadam j gã 1/4 nauer proc .  
s. ; s ca hill j. ; d iebold j. the production of liquid fuel by fast pyrolysis of biomass nik czer proc . intersoc . energy convers . eng . conf . 28th ( 1993 )  
correlations between organochlorine contaminants and health indicators in loggerhead sea turtles jm keller jr kucklick mm peden-adams ma stamper proceedings of setac 23rd annual meeting in north america  
gifted children : myths and realities . e winner  1996.0 
the validity of pre-calculus multiple choice and performance-based testing as predictor of gl fisher  1996.0 
resource allocation in a decentralised environment j green d monical new directions for higher education 1985.0 
true-view videoconferencing system through 3-d impression of telepresence lq xu a loffler pj sheppard d machin bt technology journal 1999.0 
the processing ` of information and structure . erlbaum potomac wr garner md  
evidence for widespread wolbachia infection in isopod crustaceans : molecular identification and host d bouchon t rigaud p juchault proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
liberal education and professional programs : conflict coexistence or compatibility ? . j stark new directions for higher education 1987.0 
physics 134 lectures : spring quarter p lubin university of california santa barbara  
jennifer widom . incremental computation and maintenance of temporal aggregates y jun 17th international conference on data engineering  
some notes on the integration of planning and reactivity in autonomous mobile robots a saotti   
building and using a highly programmable logic array m gokhale w holmes a kosper s lucas r minnich ieee computer  
on the self-induction and resistance of straight conductors l rayleigh phil . mag  
g-whiz a visual interface for the functional model with recursion s heiler a rosenthal vldb  
semantic and schematic similarities between database objects : a context-based approach v kashyap a sheth the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
british council | porto editora learn from your mistakes how often do we think of studentsâ ?? errors w sheila talk | demonstration _ sec | ta learning strategies room :  
or j onsson michael j. franklin and divesh srivastava . interaction of query evaluation and buer th bjorn  1998.0 
w3qs : a querysystem fortheworld-wide web dko shmueli intl. conference on very large data bases  
understanding why problem behaviors occur : a guide for assisting parents in assessing causes of wd frea lk koegel rl koegel  1994.0 
misuse of the emergency department by the elderly population : myth or reality ? dj eagle e rideout p price c mccann journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
bipes : the elusive two-legged lizard ce shaw zoonooz ( san diego )  
two applications of standardization and evaluation in combinatory reduction systems r muller jb wells submitted for publication 2000.0 
electronic commerce : enhancing performance in specialty retailing jw palmer electronic markets  
interest group interaction and groundwater policy formation in the southwest za smith  1983.0 
cats : a student 's gateway to better learning m steadman m svinicki new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
fast search in main memory databases aa ap s pramanik proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
mood as input : people have to interpret the motivational implications of their moods ll martin dw ward jw achee rs wyer journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
i/o brush : drawing with everyday objects as ink k ryokai s marti h ishii proceedings of acm chi 2004.0 
the role of membrane skeleton in formation of the irreversibly sickled cell : a review sr goodman cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
reliability evaluation in distributed computing environments using the ahp hma fahmy computer networks 2001.0 
characterization of ulpa filters r wepfer icccs90 zurich switzerland  
set-oriented constructs : from rete rule bases to database systems dn gordin aj pasik proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1991.0 
the promise of sociocultural theory in democratizing adult education mv alfred new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
alumni affinity cards-the developing relationship s horne s worthington proceedings of the 23rd emac conference maastricht no  
high-performance sorting on networks of workstations ac arpaci-dusseau rh arpaci-dusseau de culler sigmod conference 1997.0 
the theory of matrices fr gantmacher   
tutoring answer explanation fosters learning with understanding v aleven kr koedinger k cross   
assessing ac motor dielectric withstand capability to reflected voltage stress using corona testing j erdman j pankau g skibinski  1996.0 
for integrated environments d garlan e ilias atip low-cost proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer -  
haemoglobin and haematocrit targets for the anaemia of chronic renal disease gf strippoli c manno fp schena jc craig cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
dynamic modeling and bilinear control strategies for distillation columns a benallou  1982.0 
tyrosine-phosphorylated proteins including src and src-related kinases and their subcellular ti pestina pe stenberg bi druker sa steward nk   
the design and implementation of cobase ww chu ma merzbacher l berkovich   
event specification in an object-oriented database nh gehani hv jagadish o shmueli proceedings international conference on management of  
using dialogues to access semantic knowledge in a web legal ir system p quaresma i rodrigues   
winners and losers : who benefits most from the mba ? r simpson management learning 2000.0 
prisons as communities : needs and challenges wb james je witte d tal-mason new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
notecards : a multimedia idea processing environment interactive multimedia fg halasz  1988.0 
a guide to the nests eggs and nestlings of north american birds.â ?? academic press pj baicich cjo harrison san diego california  
use of graph-theoretic models for optimal relational database accesses to perform join s pramanik d ittner acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
an evolved circuit intrinsic in silicon entwined with physics a thompson lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
the heuristic search and the game of chess lr harris procs . 4th int . joint conf . on art .  
bandwidth-delay constrained routing algorithms y yang l zhang jk muppala st chanson computer networks 2003.0 
augmented reality as a metaphor in mobile computing o bertelsen c nielsen proc dis2000 acm acm  
the making of a complex spike : ionic composition and plasticity mt schmolesky jt weber ci de zeeuw c hansel annals-new york academy of sciences 2002.0 
jump-preserving sequential monitoring of dependent time series under local alternatives a steland  2003.0 
toward transformation in social knowledge kj gergen  1982.0 
the incubation period serial interval and lifetime risks of developing tuberculosis e vynnycky pem fine   
chart parsing of attributed structure-sharing flowgraphs with tie-point relationships r lutz procs of third internationa workshop on parsing technologies  
interannual variability of carbon dioxide and water vapor fluxes above a boreal aspen forest z chen proceedings of the 23rd conference on agricultural and & hellip ;  
multiple myeloma : increasing evidence for a multistep transformation process m hallek pl bergsagel kc anderson blood-new york - 1998.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?multiple - view self-maintenance in data warehousing environmentsã cents â ? ¬ â ? n huyn proc . 23rd vldb  
context-dependent perceptual and functional categorization in 10.5-month-olds vt kolstad r baillargeon unpublished manuscript  
identification of abuse in emergency departments : effectiveness of a two-question screening tool j mcfarlane l greenberg a weltge m watson journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 
who gets what where and how : a welfare focus for human geographyâ ?? dm smith geography  
on the character of the complete radiation at a given temperature l rayleigh phil . mag  
variability in models for recurrent epidemics al lloyd  2001.0 
identity predication and connectivity in pseudoclefts c heycock a kroch 19th glow colloquium athens greece april  
fire history of mixed-conifer forests on the north rim grand canyon national park arizona jj wolf physical geography 1998.0 
health maintenance organizations : dimensions of performance hs luft   
a characterization of roman trees ma henning discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2002.0 
â ?? why systolic architeclures ? ht kung ieee computer  
cn sullivan jw gorgon ra schlossberg jl and tyler sw [ 1989 ] synergistic use of direct pr cohen m dalrymple db moran f pereira procs . of  
multiple instances and symbolic variables in executable sequence charts r marelly d harel h kugler   
software tools for the calculation of lightning-induced voltages on complex distribution systems a borghetti ja gutierrez ca nucci m paolone e proc . of 26th int . conf . on lightning protection iclp & hellip ;  
mining association rules between sets of items in large databases 1993 . 10p r agrawal t imielinski a swami proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod conference washington dc  
query by diagram : a graphical environment for querying databases t catarci g santucci sigmod conference 1994.0 
multiple protective and risk factors for drug use and abuse : cross-sectional and prospective md newcomb m felix-ortiz journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
separation of aqueous organic solvents through crosslinked poly ( acrylate-co-acrylic acid ) membranes m hoshi t saito a higuchi t nakagawa sen-i gakkaishi  
biomembrane perturbation induced by xenobiotics in model and living systems e bertoli a ambrosini g zolese r gabbianelli d   
mean position and deviation of the kuroshio axis in the east china sea t yamashiro a maeda m sakurai umi to sora  
a symbolic representation of time series with implications for streaming algorithms j lin e keogh s lonardi b chiu proceedings of the 8th acm sigmod workshop on research & hellip ; 2003.0 
why do national labor market practices continue to diverge in the global economy ? the '' missing link '' s christopherson economic geography  
feelings from the back row : negotiating sensitive issues in large classes cp brooke new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
tracking periodic inputs using sampled compensators gf ledwich   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?the bucky object relational benchmark '' mj carey dj dewitt jf naughton m asgarian p proceedings of the sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
xml repository and active views demonstration s abiteboul proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
production of pure hydrogen by the fluidized bed membrane reactor process j grace am adris j lim & hellip ; world hydrogen energy conference montreal canada june  
giving users the keys to their web content t ouellette computerworld  
two time scale decomposition and stability analysis of power systems k khorasani   
formative evaluation and the scholarship of teaching and learning r smith new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
people and places . teacher 's resources . ph porterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
timing issues of constant bit rate services over atm m mulvey iy kim abd reid bt technology journal 1995.0 
baze de date p nastase microsoft acces  
solid state ionics ht pu wh meyer g wegner   
9227 apll reference ibmon sh20  20.0 
a primer of lisrel : basic applications and programming for confirmatory factor analytic models bm byrne  1989.0 
identical origin of adrenal cortex and gonad revealed by expression profiles of ad4bp/sf -1 o hatano a takakusu m nomura k morohashi genes to cells 1996.0 
the structure of cedar dc swinehart pt zellweger rb hagmann   
discovering marketing intelligence through online analytical web usage mining a buchner m mulvenna sigmod  
replacement arthroplasty versus internal fixation for extracapsular hip fractures mj parker hh handoll cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
baltimore : johns hopkins university press 1991 n landscapes   
suitability of data models as canonical models for federated databases f saltor m castellanos sigmod record 1991.0 
b ~ rnstein pa on the updatability of relational views u dayal proc . 4th int . conf . very large databases berlin west & hellip ;  
the organizational and informational context of large business system integration projects rm mattison sigmod record 1987.0 
a classification of update methods for replicated databases for replicated databases s ceri m houtsma a keller p samarati  1994.0 
liquid drop effects on self-ignition of combustible gas v golâ ?? dshtein i shreiber i goldfarb a proc . 26th int . symp . on combustion  
audio content analysis in video structure analysis h jiang hj zhang technical report microsoft research  
to weave the web p atzeni g mecca p merialdo vldb 1997.0 
seabirds as monitors of changing marine environments rw furness dn nettleship proc int ornithol congr symp  
organizing global r & d : challenges dilemmas and future trends m von zedtwitz iamot2002 the 11th international conference on management & hellip ;  
feedback stabilization of plasma instability plasma thrusters v prisniakov a kapulkin proc . 26th int . electric propulsion conf. rep.  
49 of latina/os came from el salvador as compared with 40 from mexico i marshall   
netcard-a practical electronic-cash system r anderson c manifavas c sutherland lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
trends in hiv infection rates among new york state ( nys ) prison inmates 1987â ?? 97 j mikl a dzierbicki pf smith r greifinger l see  
extraction of focal lengths from the fundamental matrix r hartley unpublished manuscript 1993.0 
new neighbor search in large metric space s brin proceedings of the  
perspectives on â ?? personal identityâ ?? c raab bt technology journal 2005.0 
personality and social resources in stress resistance sc kobasa mc puccetti journal of personality and social psychology 1983.0 
the effect of administered crystalloid fluid temperature on aural temperature of moderately and lm bernardo r henker m bore s sereika journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
only you can prevent an mis shortage f withington computerworld  
a method of ica in time-frequency domain s ikeda n murata proc . ica  
pattern recognition using a family of design algorithms based upon the generalized probabilistic s katagiri bh juang ch lee proceedings-ieee 1998.0 
some properties of a novel far uv xenon excimer barrier discharge light source k stockwald m neiger contributions to plasma physics 1995.0 
index concurrency control in firm real-time databases sr narayanan  1997.0 
developing mathematical thinking in chinese kindergarten children : the case of addition and z zhou j lin international journal of educational policy research and & hellip ;  
a designer for dbms-processing logical database structures k irani s purkayastha tj teo-rey proc 5th int . conf . very large data bases ( acm ) oct  
expiring data from the warehouse . 1997 wj labio h garcia-molina stanford university :  
large-vocabulary data-centric dialogues dj attwater sj whittaker bt technology journal 1999.0 
cathexis reader j schiffâ ? ¦ new york  
a new robust parallel hash join method for data skew in the super database computer '' m kitsuregawa y ogawa int . conf on vldb brisbane  
s. ahmad m. s & zakaria n a. ( 2002 a ) . integrating gis with hydraulic and sediment transport model s sinnakaudan a ab ghani proceedings r & d colloquium on river engineering and urban  
the interaction between sigmas the stationary phase sigma factor and the core enzyme of f colland n fujita a ishihama a kolb genes to cells 2002.0 
'' spartan : a model-based semantic compression system for massive data tables s babu m garofalakis r rastogi acm sigmod record 2001.0 
memory-limited execution of windowed stream joins u srivastava j widom proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
nanogen c technology san  
innovative models of learning environments w dittoe new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
chimu hydraulic technology and statecraft on the north coast of peru ad 1000-1470 cr ortloff see ref  
a system for effective content based image retrieval ya aslandogan c thier c yu proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
inquiry and cognitive psychology . na stillings new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
mifepristone for induction of labour jp neilson cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
use of lexical conceptual structure for intelligent tutoring university of maryland at college park b dorr j hendler s blanksteen b migdalof md  
hardiness and health : a prospective study sc kobasa sr maddi s kahn journal of personality and social psychology 1982.0 
advances in corrosionâ ?? deformation interactions vol . 202 t magnin trans . tech . publ. zurich ( switzerland )  
development of high-power tunable sources in the 12 micrometers and 16 micrometers regions b lax  1976.0 
proton-neutron symmetry in boson models of nuclear structure ( abstract only ) po lipas oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
a diffusion problem in which the amount of diffusing sub-stance is finite . 11 : diffusion with non - j crank phil . mag  
querying video data r hjelsvold rm modeling proceedings of the international conference on very large  
a homotopy theory for stacks electronic preprint arxiv : math s hollander   
fixation and isolation of microorganisms by local viscosity control of methyl cellulose solution f arai a ichikawa t fukuda t katsuragi procs . of the micro total analysis  
automaker aims for companywide collaborative standards m ferranti computerworld  
beauty production at the cern proton-antiproton collider ( abstract only ) c albajar r kinnunen j tuominiemi v karimaki m oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
attenuated phase-shifting photomasks fabricated from cr-based embedded shifter blanks fd kalk rh french hu alpay g hughes   
evolving greenfield passive optical networks e bonsma n karunatillake r shipman m shackleton bt technology journal 2003.0 
new criteria for the conceptual model w kent   
xml data management : go native or spruce up relational systems ? pa larson sigmod record 2001.0 
a guide to data compression standards d salomon  2002.0 
experiments with b-tree reorganization e gudes   
no silver bullet : essence and accidents of software engineering www-inst . eecs.berkeley.edu   
regular rewriting of active xml and unambiguity s abiteboul t milo o benjelloun   
trac analysis attacks and trade-os in anonymity providing systems a back u moller a stiglic lecture notes in computer science  
effect of waste water treatment technology on the elimination of anionic surfactants fr schroeder m schmitt u reichensperger waste management 1999.0 
report of the study group on the role of public finance in european integration d macdougallâ ? ¦ vol . i brussels  
electrical characterization of li and n doped znse ( abstract only ) e kuusisto j lilja k imai m pessa oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
internal parameters of injection lasers with quantum well active layer vp gribkovskii ga ket ` ko vp konyaev an kuzmin proceedings of 3-d international conference aser physics  
logitech sounds off with inexpensive 16-bit board wl rosch pc magazine 1993.0 
at delhi . l fraser  1903.0 
millar and newth c buchanan phil . mag  
virtual documents that explain how things work : dynamically generated question-answering documents t gruber s vemuri j rice   
equi-depth multidimensional histograms m muralikrishna dj dewitt proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
semantic checking of questions expressed in predicate calculus language r demolombe vldb 1979.0 
modulation of the nucleoid the transcription apparatus and the translation machinery in bacteria a ishihama genes to cells 1999.0 
a social history of the mobile telephone with a view of its future h lacohã © e n wakeford i pearson bt technology journal 2003.0 
probabilistic planning in the graphplan framework a blum j langford lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
introduction to infrared and raman spectroscopy academic nb colthup lh daly se wiberley san  
echoes and imitations of early epic in apollonius rhodius . 1981 m campbell   
v. shrinivasan accessing relational databases from the world wide web t nguyen proc . of acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
imemex : escapes from the personal information jungle jp dittrich mav salles d kossmann l blunschi proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
x-ray line broadening and stored energy in deformed and annealed calcite ka gross phil . mag  
optimal histograms for limiting worst-case error propagation in the estimates of query optimizers y ioannidis s christodoulakis acm trans . database syst  
performance engineering as an integral part of system design c harvey bt technology journal  
van : 1973 begrip en inzicht muusses purmerend dpm hiele   
attachment styles emotion regulation and adjustment in adolescence ml cooper pr shaver nl collins journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
town and gown : forums for conflict and consensus between universities and communities w warfield new directions for higher education 1995.0 
frankfurt am main 1995 e bochinsky   
infrared spectral radiance of the sky w tam r corriveau & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
breakdown of local equivalence between sparse solution and 1 minimization y tsaig dl donoho technical report department of statistics stanford university  
inside visual c++ ch . 21 dj kruglinski  1996.0 
scheduling algorithms for avoiding inconsistency in large databases g gardarin p lebeux vldb  
recovery of cfsm-based protocol and service design from protocol execution traces k saleh r probert k al-saqabi information and software technology 1999.0 
a checklist for developing implementing and assessing mentoring programs [ appendix ] ma wunsch new directions for teaching and learning  
descriptive study on the usage of herbals by infants and children of families participating in the jr priebe  2002.0 
taking into account of user tasks goals and behavior for the design of online public access nj belkin s chang t downs t saracevic s zhao d. hendersen proceedings of asis  
conditional heteroscedasticity modeling in macroeconomics and finance d steigerwald   
a guided tour of relational databases and beyond m levene g loizou  1999.0 
looking into video frames on small displays x fan x xie hq zhou wy ma   
do south african fiscal deficits matter b standish o beelders  1991.0 
an exploration of firm-wide information technology infrastructure investment and services p weill m broadbent c butler c soh proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1995.0 
'' cultural industries '' in sweden : an assessment of their place in the swedish economy d power economic geography  
on the expressivity of a weakest precondition calculus for a simple data-parallel programming l bouge y le guyadec g uiard b virot lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
pragmatic questions about parental liability statutes nr cahn wisconsin law review 1996.0 
practical capillary electrophoresis p. 200 r weinberger academic san diego  
your personal computer is n't yours anymore d freeland computerworld  
collaborative learning : shared inquiry as a process of reform j macgregor new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
some complex constructions with applications to poincare series r froberg seminaire dâ ?? algebre paul dubreil proceedings paris  
erp adoption by european midsize companies y van everdingen j van hillegersberg e waarts communications-acm 2000.0 
full text pdf format pdf ( 35 kb ) source the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large p apers s ceri r snodgrass the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2002.0 
keynote address t berners-lee seventh international world wide web conference  
efficient algorithm for projected clustering enk ka aw fu   
democracy and punishment t dumm university of wisconsin  
performance evaluation of a hybrid run-time management policy for data intensive web sites c bouras a konidaris world wide web 2003.0 
clasp moves and stick number aoâ ?? connorâ ? ¦   
xml-enabled workflow management for e-services across heterogeneous platforms g shegalov m gillmann g weikum the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
a software engineering view of data base systems cdserv4.inria.fr vldb 1978.0 
observing ants : tracking and analyzing the behavior of live insect colonies t balch z khan m veloso agents ( agentsâ ?? 01 ) . montreal canada . june  
choice in dynamic linking m abadi g gonthier b werner lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
locking and latching in a memory-resident database system v gottemukkala tj lehman   
family adjustment to american culture cd abel new directions for higher education 2002.0 
cuyahoga cnty ohio ( http://ftp . rootsweb . com/pub/usgenweb / oh/cuyahoga/cemetery / butternut . txt ) '' br cemetery   
marketing realities in continuing professional education rf craven mb duhamel new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
impaired endothelium-dependent and independent vasodilation in patients with type 2 ( non-insulin - ge mcveigh gm brennan gd johnston bj mcdermott diabetologia 1992.0 
â ?? finite-element coupling matrices p daly electronic lett  
pen pals c barr m neubarth pc magazine-american edition - 1993.0 
network centrality power and innovation involvement : determinants of technical and administrative h ibarra the academy of management journal 1993.0 
natural and synthesized aggressive sounds as polar bear repellents dr wooldridge p belton international conference on bear resource management  
glopeq : a new computational tool for the phase and chemical equilibrium problem . 1994 c mcdonald c floudas   
the trouble with communications b howard pc magazine 1993.0 
alloy : a leightweight object modelling notation . 2000 d jackson mit laboratory for computer science : cambridge  
changes in serum progesterone levels and growth of fetuses in hokkaido brown bears t tsubota y takahashi h kanagawa international conference on bear research and management  
improving productivity of jobs programs e bardach  1993.0 
semantic integration and query of heterogeneous information sources s bergamaschi s castano m vincini d beneventano   
selection for transport competence among c-terminal polypeptides of escherichia coli hemolysin : 62 t jarchau t chakraborty f garcia w goebel submitted for publication  
the hydrography of the mid-latitude northeast atlantic ocean ii : the intermediate water masses hm van aken deep-sea research i 2000.0 
'' measurement of the value of for 235u 238u and 239pu in the active zone of the bor-60 reactor vs prokopenko av inchagov yb novikovâ ? ¦ at .  
an approximate search engine for structural databases jtl wang x wang d shasha ba shapiro k zhang proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod int . conf . on management & hellip ; 2000.0 
architectureand applicationsof the connectionmachine '' l tucker g robertson ieee computer  
predictors of outcome after percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy : a community-based study ca taylor de larson dj ballard lr bergstrom mayo clinic proceedings 1992.0 
nonparametric versus parametric modelling-new statistical methods for model selection in n bissantz a munk a scholz  2002.0 
towards real-time business intelligence b azvine z cui dd nauck bt technology journal 2005.0 
the formalisation of rock & roll : a deductive object-oriented database system aaa fernandes ml barja nw paton mh williams information and software technology 1997.0 
ils : its new role in schools . t mageau electronic learning 1990.0 
double-strand break repair mediated by dna end-joining y tsukamoto h ikeda genes to cells 1998.0 
robust tests for equality of variances h levene contributions to probability and statistics 1960.0 
red-vbr : a new approach to support delay-sensitive vbr video in packet-switched networks h zhang ew knightly lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
an overview of commercial electronic document delivery suppliers and services sp price a morris je davies electronic library  
system description : spass version 1.0 . 0 c weidenbach b afshordel u brahm c cohrs t lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
preference sql -- design implementation experiences w kieî ² ling g kã ¶ stler proceedings of the 28th international conference on very & hellip ;  
the i750 video processor : a total multimedia solution k harney m keith g lavelle ld ryan dj stark communications of the acm 1991.0 
fostering collaboration r conflicts proc . acm intern . conf .  
digital manipulatives : new toys to think with m resnick f martin r berg r borovoy v colella   
data sharing through query translation in autonomous sources a kementsietsidis m arenas proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
the housing indicators program : a model for evaluation research and policy analysis ? sk mayo new directions for program evaluation  
on computing functions with uncertainty s khanna wc tan   
jp bouchaud and m. mezard l balentsâ ? ¦ j. phys . i  
automatically inferring patterns of resource consumption in network traffic c estan s savage g varghese   
viscwind viscous effects on wind turbine blades ' jn sã ¸ rensen technical university of denmark  
a variable span smoother department of statistics j friedman  1984.0 
the university of delft geotechnical centrifuge hgb allersma proc . int . conf  
wavelet synopses for general error metrics m garofalakis a kumar   
who manages your rights ? mj miller pc magazine  
â ? ³ making deductive database a practical technology : a step forward.â ? ³ acm sigmod international g kiernan c de maindreville e simon sigmod record  
adaptive stream resource management using kalman filters a jain ey chang yf wang proc . acm sigmod 2004.0 
evaluating replicebility of factors in the revised neo personality inventory : confirmatory factor rr mccrae ab zonderman pt costa mh bond sv journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
waves in active and passive periodic structures - a review c elachi ieee proceedings 1976.0 
cytophotometry of nucleic acids ad deitch introduction to quantitative cytochemistry  
maintenance and testing effort modeled by linear and nonlinear dynamic systems f calzolari p tonella g antoniol information & software technology 2001.0 
fuzzy heterogeneous neural networks for signal forecasting l belanche jj valdes r alquezar procs . of  
biologische psychologie n birbaumer rf schmidt   
team learning in social studies . je steinbrink rm jones social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
tracking objects using density matching and shape priors t zhang d freedman   
â ?? modeling technique for closure of transport equations in non-regular globular and capillary vs travkin l gratton l catton procs . asme/jsme thermal engineering joint conference  
modelling agent interaction in logic programming p quaresma lm pereira procs . of the  
evaluation encounters in third world settings : a caribbean perspective m cuthbert new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
interventions for preventing blood loss during the treatment of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia pl martin-hirsch h kitchener cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
c k-smoothness of invariant curves in a global saddle-node bifurcation j. diff . eq t young  1995.0 
statically checkable pattern abstractions . in the acm sigplan international conference on functional m fahndrich j boyland  1997.0 
xml full-text search : challenges and opportunities s amer-yahia j shanmugasundaram proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
efficient dynamic mining of constrained frequent sets lvs lakshmanan cks leung rt ng acm transactions on database systems 2003.0 
an adaptive query execution system for data integration zg ives d florescu m friedman a levy ds weld sigmod conference 1999.0 
slac-pub-9381 ( submitted to nucl . inst . meth . ) 2002 tb humenskyâ ? ¦   
college of education general education curriculum bs course a comm m greek n res sl lit ct   
eld `` measurement of the size duration and thermal output of fireballs produced by a range of rk wharton ja harding aj barratt r merri proc . 21st int . pyrotechnics seminar moscow  
generating thousand benchmark queries in seconds m poess   
efficient broadcast in structured p2p networks s el-ansary lo alima p brand s haridi lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
mechanisms governing empowerment effects : a self-efficacy analysis em ozer a bandura journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
networked learning environments ag chute pk sayers rp gardner new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
asynchronous sequential switching circuits s unger   
t1gukat : a uniform behavioral objectbase management system mt ozsu r peters d szafron b irani a lipka a vldb journal  
computer generated animation of faces fi parke proceedings of the acm annual conference-volume 1 1972.0 
the design of postgres m stonebraker la rowe sigmod conference 1986.0 
bagging and boosting with dynamic integration of classifiers a tsymbal s puuronen lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
locus a network transparent high reliability distributed system g popek b walker j chow d edwards c kline g acm sigops operating systems review 1981.0 
foreword r swale bt technology journal 2001.0 
symbolic data structures for multi-valued model-checking m chechik a gurfinkel b devereux a lai s submitted for publication  
electron energies resulting from an electric field in a highly ionized gas rg giovanelli phil . mag  
oo hm levy and s. sjparekh '' an analysis of database workload performance on simultaneous jl lo l ajbarroso sj eggers k gharachor proceedings of the 25 thinternational symposium on computer & hellip ;  
efficient production of hydrogen from higher hydrocarbons using novel membrane reformer z chen s elnashaie & hellip ; world hydrogen energy conference montreal canada june  
a short study on the success of the gene ontology m bada r stevens c goble y gil m ashburner ja journal of web semantics 2004.0 
improvement of a digital pid algorithm with rate limitation on mv change k hiroi k nagakawa proc . 28th sice annual conference  
coherence and congruence : two aspects of personality integration km sheldon t kasser journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
limiting disclosure in hippocratic databases k lefevre r agrawal v ercegovac r ramakrishnan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
asme detc2000/mech 14145 baltimore bj choi s johnson sv sreenivasan m colburn t md  
information extraction from web pages based on k-testable tree automaton inference r kosala h blockeel m bruynooghe j van den  2002.0 
the conlan project : concepts implementations and applica . tions r piloty d borrione ieee computer  
neil and d. shasha . the dangers of replication and a solution j gray p helland p oã cents proceedings of the acm sigmod  
jf naughton and da schneider . practical selectivity estimation through adaptive sampling rj lipton proc of acm sigmod con &  
cardiac computed tomography dp boyd mj lipton proc . ieee  
web power tools : the cutting edge ? b machrone pc magazine-american edition -  
the well-constructed webquest s kennedy social studies and the young learner 2004.0 
comparing support vector machines with gaussian kernels to radial basis function classifiers f girosi p niyogi t poggio v vapnik   
millau : an encoding format for efficient representation and exchange of xml over the web m girardot n sundaresan www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
oral protein calorie supplementation for children with chronic disease vj poustie rl smyth rm watling cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
after the outsourcing : networks institutions and the new old economy j whitford  2003.0 
gdl : web services security ( ws-security ) b atkinsonâ ? ¦ technical report microsoft ibm and verisign  
extreme nonmultiplicative operators lecture notes j lindenstrauss rpjv ryff university of washington seattle  
on accessing object-oriented databases : expressive power com-plexity and restrictions r hull j su proc . acm sigmod int â ?? 1 . conj on management of data  
robustness of covariance controllers m corless g zhu re skeleton proc . 28th ieee conf . decision contr  
client-site query extensions t mayr p seshadri sigmod conference 1999.0 
verifiable secret sharing as secure computation eurocryptâ ?? 95 lncs 921 r gennaro s micali  1995.0 
revealing information while preserving privacy i dinur k nissim   
a link and selector language d tsichritzis proc . acm sigmod conf. may  
two conceptions of happiness : contrasts of personal expressiveness ( eudaimonia ) and hedonic as waterman journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
a reconsideration of baintonâ ?? s approach.â ?? h warâ ?? appeals w christianity  1991.0 
jellyfish blooms in the mediterranean : causes mechanisms impact on man and the environment . a v axiak fs civili unep athens ( greece ) . 1991. 1991.0 
a sophisticate 's introduction to database normalization theory c beeri pa bernstein n goodman vldb 1978.0 
espnet : expert-system-based simulator of petri nets j duggan j browne & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1988.0 
measurement and prediction of the verification cost of the design in a formalized methodology l fernã ¡ ndez jj dolado information and software  
query rewrite optimization rules in ibm db2 universal database ty leung h pirahesh p seshadri   
affective multimodal human-computer interaction m pantic n sebe jf cohn t huang proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
ionensensitive feldeffekttransistoren als messwandler in chemischen analysensystemen auf p woias  1994.0 
targeted disruption of atf 4 discloses its essential role in the formation of eye lens fibres t tanaka t tsujimura k takeda a sugihara a genes to cells 1998.0 
inigo jones ( ha : p ) sirjn summerson  1966.0 
molecular engineering of octupolar nlo molecules and materials based on bipyridyl metal complexes . o maury h le bozec acc . chem . res 2005.0 
the relation between solvent drag and active transport of ions hh ussing b andersen proc . int . congr . biochem  
fast algorithms for projective clustering cc aggarwal cm procopiuc jl wolf ps yu js park proc . of acm-sigmod intl. conf . on management of data  
gpu-based trimming and tessellation of nurbs and t-spline surfaces m guthe ã ? balã ¡ zs r klein proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
programming distributed collaboration interaction through the www ( working title ) r flores-mendez  1997.0 
condom effectiveness in reducing heterosexual hiv transmission s weller k davis cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
an effective hash-based algorithm for mining association rules . in : proc . of the 1995 acm sigmod js park  1995.0 
in memoriam alberto oscar mendelzon rj miller acm sigmod record 2005.0 
distribution issues in the design and implementation of a virtual market place h yigal f christian computer networks  
capital costs in economic program evaluation : the case of mental health services nl cannon t mcguire b dickey new directions for program evaluation  
conflictingrulingsoncarpaltunnel m blodgett r scheier computerworld  
chaos control through model reduction : the case of peak-to-peak dynamics c piccardi s rinaldi submitted for  
art into fashion george braziller new york 1986 d sonia   
discovery chemistry : a laboratory-based approach to general chemistry ma ditzler rw ricci new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
cohorts of the future cj grabinski new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
venus behind the clouds ( abstract only ) j raitala t tormanen k kauhanen proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
bank oneâ ?? s woes may clip wingspan t hoffman   
n-body simulations of interacting galaxies ( abstract only ) h salo proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
an empirical study on gas '' without parameters '' t back ae eiben nal van der vaart lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
recent development in mass-spectrometry jb mann proc . int . conf . on mass  
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large data sets s guha r rastogi k shim published in the proceedings of the acm sigmod conference  
tappi pulp . conf j basta l holtinger as hã $ llstrã ¶ m p lundgren  1994.0 
assessing faculty learning communities h hubball a clarke al beach new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
inequality productivity and child labor : theory and evidence ca rogers ka swinnerton unpublished manuscript 2001.0 
improving the quality of student learning through course design g gibbs learning to effect  
parallel simulation of stochastic and colored petri nets c burdorf submitted for  
krishna kulkarni peter schwarz kathy zeidenstein sql and management of external data j melton je michels v josifovski sigmod record mar  
causation and effectuation : toward a theoretical shift from economic inevitability to sd sarasvathy academy of management review 2001.0 
fãschlã ¡ r @ trecvid2003 : system description c gurrin h lee af smeaton proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
variables in interracial aggression : anonymity expected retaliation and a riot e donnerstein m donnerstein s simon r ditrichs journal of personality and social psychology 1972.0 
the future of virtual reality : head mounted displays versus spatially immersive displays ( panel ) e lantz proceedings of the 23rd annual conference on computer & hellip ; 1996.0 
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation and acupuncture for primary dysmenorrhoea ml proctor ca smith cm farquhar rw stones cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
options for compliance with pollution control regulation : the relationship between abatement costs g mitchell   
semiprime skew polynomial rings a moussavi e hashemi   
information storage and retrieval using avl trees cc foster proc . acm 20th nat . conf  
dynamic service matchmaking among agents in open information environments k sycara m klusch s widoff j lu sigmod record 1999.0 
animating human athletics j hodgkins wl wooten dc brogan jf oâ ?? brien proc . acm  
too much of a good thing a hickman j kaufthal c levin m perenson s pc magazine ( 7 october )  
building better theory : time and the specification of when things happen tr mitchell lr james academy of management review 2001.0 
gain : two-year impacts in six counties . d friedlander ja riccio s freedman  1993.0 
a theoretical investigation of the compression of a ductile material between smooth flat dies ap green phil . mag  
improving disambiguation of prepositional phrase attachments using the web as corpus h calvo a gelbukh   
overview of physiological and pathophysiological effects of thromboxane a 2 ml ogletree fed proc 1987.0 
exploiting inheritance and structure semantics for effective clustering and buffering in an object - ee chang rh katz proceedings of the acm sigmod conference  
development of double-sided silicon strip detectors ( abstract only ) i hietanen r brenner j lindgren t tuuva k oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
field experiments in charitable contribution : the impact of social influence on the voluntary j shang r croson unpublished manuscript 2005.0 
agents for integrated tutoring in spoken dialogue systems j hakulinen m turunen ep salonen   
j. davidson a. hench s. and olano tm : â ?? 3dm : a three dimensional modeler using a head-mounted ii butterworth proc . acm inteructibbe 30  
parallel programming models and boundary integral equation methods for microstructure electrostatics f traenkle  1993.0 
intangible assets m schwartz computerworld  
barge co. v. columbia pacific towing corp s tug see  
a publish/subscribe system model supporting uncertainties h liu  2003.0 
server version 4.0 nt windows  1996.0 
j and mcinnes ja 1977 pn butcher kj hayden phil . mag  
self appraisal questionnaire ( saq ) : a tool for assessing violent and non-violent recidivism w loza unpublished manuscript  
geographic applications development : models and tools for the conceptual level n tryfona t hadzilacos acm-gis  
integrity constraint and rule management in temporal deductive knowledge bases d plexousakis proc . of 19th vldb  
towards a pattern language for web services architecture a arsanjani   
scalable tcp : improving performance in highspeed wide area networks t kelly   
effect of auto-tuning with userâ ?? s knowledge for numerical software t katagiri k kise h honda proceedings of acm computing frontiers 2004.0 
loosely coupled systems : a reconceptualization jd orton ke weick the academy of management review 1990.0 
information extraction from symbolically compressed images ds lee jj hull procs .  
tungsten migration between main chamber and divertor of asdex upgrade w schneider d hildebrandt x gong k krieger r   
similarity search in high dimensional via hashing a gionis p indyk r motwani proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;  
the project manager 's desk reference â © 1999 mcgraw-hill jp lewis   
efficient management of transactions relationships in large data and knowlage bases r agrawal a bargia hv jagadish proc . of acm sigmod portland june  
real world requirements for decision support-implications for rdbms sk bansal   
evaluation of a laparoscopic video trainer with in-built measures of performance j hance r aggarwal s undre h patel a darzi proc . 13th sls meeting and endoexpo 29th septemberâ ?? 2nd & hellip ;  
the interpretation of cdr radar data to obtain rainrates in storms r mcguinness ar holt rg humphries conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
selection of views to materialize in a data warehouse h gupta   
hints ontest dataselection : help forthe practicing programmer ra demillo rj lipton fg sayward ieee computer  
principles of operation : a practical primer adcp rdi-primer rdinstruments san diego  
the human herpesvirus 6 u51-encoded chemokine receptorlike protein down regulates expression of the rsb milne l nicholson p devaraj ua gompels proceedings of the 23rd international herpesvirus workshop  
epiploic appendagitis : the emergency department presentation el legome al belton re murray pm rao ra journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries g georg k christoph p reinhard proc . of the vldb  
building competitive advantage by extending information systems m sullivan-trainor computerworld  
intelligent supervision of servo control mh perng hh chang & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1993.0 
catalytic hydrogenation of co over the perovskite oxide yba 2 cu 3 o 7x g dursun jm winterbottom   
a flexible routing architecture for ad hoc space networks q cc shen s rajagopalan g borkar c jaikaeo computer networks 2004.0 
elizabeth j. scott home page-http : / / www . familytreemaker . com/users/s / c/o/elizabeth-j-scott / index . ej scott   
or through the letters rogatory process a agreements   
high frequency production of haploid embryos in asparagus anther culture xr feng dj wolyn plant cell reports 1991.0 
o subsystem for a multiprocessor d cathro i an msc thesis department of computer science monash university  
dependency characterizations for acyclic database schemes g grahne kj rã $ ihã $ proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
hyper-lp : a system for power minimization using architectural transformations ap chandrakasan m potkonjak j rabaey rw proceedings of the 1992 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1992.0 
education for survival in a multicultural world . ja banks social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
the microbial genetic algorithm i harvey unpublished manuscript 1996.0 
materialized view selection in a multi-dimensional datacube e baralis s paraboschi e teniente  1997.0 
short-term coping techniques for managing stress . af grasha new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
handbook of optical constants of solids ii 1academic ed palik san diego  
garcia-molina . adhoc self-supervisingpeer-to-peersearch networks bf cooper andh  2003.0 
flexible open caching for the web sj caughey db ingham mc little www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
imagining stereotypes away : the moderation of implicit stereotypes through mental imagery iv blair je ma ap lenton journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
a unifying criterion for blind source separation and decorrelation : simultaneous diagonalization of hc wu jc principe proceedings of nnsp &#39; 97 1997.0 
deferring destruction when reading unique variables j boyland submitted to iwaoos  
turbo-charging vertical mining of large databases . in 2000 acm sigmod intl p shenoy jr haritsa s sudarshan g bhalotia m conference on management of  
converting nested relational algebra expressions into at algebra expressions j paredaens d van gucht acm transaction on database systems  
a probabilistic template-based approach to discovering repetitive patterns in broadcast videos p wang zq liu sq yang proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
the merge/purge problem for large databases ma hernandez sj stolfo proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
futz factorâ ?? measurement tough to pin down in tco p dryden computerworld  
biological clocks in birds j aschoff proc . int . ornithol . congr  
prospector : a content-based multimedia server for massively parallel architectures woâ ?? connell it ieong d schrader c watson g au proceedingsof the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
state constitutions : the shopping mall cases bc williamson ja friedman wisconsin law review 1998.0 
dependence on a horizontally adjacent cell discharge of addressing discharge time lag in ac pdp cell m makino e mizobata k toki proc . int . diplay workshop  
fastâ ?? a research project in electronic commerce al neches electronic  
a language for hardware design ( version 2.0 ) d ku ghc de micheli stanford university technical report : csl-tr-90-419  
8â cents kennard o. ( 1984 ) r taylor acc . chem .  
the validity of idiographic research explanations h tsoukas the academy of management review 1989.0 
information lifecycle management : the emc perspective d reiner g press m lenaghan d barta r urmston data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
somatic diversification and selection of immunoglobulin heavy and light chain variable region genes s hashimoto m dono m wakai sl allen sm md 1992.0 
multiple-access protocols and time-constrained communication jf kurose m schwartz y yemini acm computing surveys ( csur ) 1984.0 
'' salina e svelto '' : the symbolism of change in '' il gattopardo '' a evans c evans wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
cck 4-induced panic and the differences between panickers and non-panickers : psychological i jerabek jp boulenger j bradwejn yj lavalleã?e  1997.0 
using skin conductivity to detect emotionally significant events in human-computer interaction rd ward ph marsden b cahill c johnson procs ihm-hci2001 ii  
home country environments corporate diversification strategies and firm performance wp wan re hoskisson academy of management journal 2003.0 
a secure hierarchical model for sensor network m tubaishat j yin b panja s madria sigmod record 2004.0 
sterowanie w energoelektronice i napedzie elektrycznym b grzesik j junak z kaczmarczyk  1995.0 
the top 25 techno-mbas a earls   
application of field triage guidelines by prehospital personnel : is mechanism of injury a valid m cooper d yarbrough l zone-smith journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
mdâ ?? 94 & keith s. somers dr moss   
can the people 's republic catch up ? . vj mantor computerworld. 1983.0 
bg lindsay random sampling techniques for space efficient online computation of order statistics of gs manku s rajagopalan proc . sigmodâ ?? 99 int &#39; l conf . on management of  
md 1994 matthew f. kohler md barber md  
a case for associative peer-to-peer overlays . volume 33 january 2003 e cohen a fiat h kaplan proceedings of acm hotnets-i ( october  
visualizing unsteady flows by adaptive streaklines a sanna b montrucchio   
independent component analysis versus pca c jutten j herault proc . eusipco  
overpressure protection in silicon low-pressure sensor u aljancic d resnik d vrtacnik s amon proc . int . conf . microel .  
refugee production : an exploration of cold war and post-cold war eras lk zottarelli  1999.0 
pesto : an integrated query/browser for object databases v maganty vldb 1996.0 
wholesale electricity trading in the deregulated german electricity market-results and insights from s strecker c weinhardt cdrom proceedings 24th annual iaee international conference & hellip ;  
a conformity model of software processes r breu w huber w schwerin information & software technology  
site of erythropoietin formation a kurtz ku eckardt r neumann b kaissling m le contributions to nephrology 1989.0 
event-driven product development : collaboration and learning e brandt   
user location and tracking in an inbuilding radio network p bahl vn padmanabhan technical report microsoft research ( february  
a band theoretical study on the electronic properties in the phase transition cuau 1 to cuau 2 ( k kokko oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
how nouns and verbs differentially affect the behavior of artificial organisms a cangelosi d parisi   
emancipation and execution : transferring children to criminal court in capital cases kh federle wisconsin law review 1996.0 
the effects of criminal activity on youth labor market performance j grogger   
towards exploiting link evolution s chien c dwork r kumar d sivakumar unpublished manuscript 2001.0 
measurement of the effective fraction of delayed neutrons by the î ± - rossi method va dulin gm mikhailov at .  
progress on the sector magnets for the riken src a goto h okuno j ohnishi n fukunishi t   
query processing in a system for distributed databases ( sdd-1 ) n goodman pa bernstein e wong cl reeve jb acm trans . database syst  
farvel til virkeligheten eller en kritikk av mediekritikken [ farewell to reality or a critique of k rolness sosiologi i dag  
mcgnaw-hill book company n yonk   
christian realism and political problems r niebuhr  1953.0 
some speculations for the 21st-century r walford p hagget geography  
ã cents â ? ¬ fault tolerance techniques for systolic arraysã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents a jacob p banerjee cy chen w fuchs sy kuo a ieee computer  
accelerating motor adaptation by influencing neural computations jl emken dj reinkensmeyer   
querying object-oriented datab = es m kifer w kim y sagiv proceedings of the acm sigmod  
improved methods for the isolation and detection of giardia-cysts and cryptosporidium-oocysts from w regli dvm thesis university of zurich switzerland  
phylip ( phylogeny inference pakage ) version 3.5 c : general information manual j felsenstein university of washington seattle washington  
on-line reorganization of sparsely-populated b trees c zou b salzberg proc acm sigmod conference  
exact : an extensible approach to active object-oriented databases o dãaz a jaime the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
why complicate frequency synthesis hw cooper electronic design  
has welfare reform been successful for all groups ? examining racial variations in caseload decline c miller k cox unpublished manuscript  
conformations of the rhodopsin third cytoplasmic loop grafted onto bacteriorhodopsin using afm jb heymannâ ? ¦   
chance and necessity in the selection of nucleic acid catalysis y li y liu rr breaker acc . chem . res  
programs sponsored by multicampus systems consortia networks and associations . sa mcdade new directions for higher education 1994.0 
long range interaction of cis-dna elements mediated by architectural transcription factor bach1 c yoshida f tokumasu ki hohmura j bungert n genes to cells 1999.0 
rural kiosks in india k toyama k kiri ml ratan a nileshwar r   
execution autonomy in distributed transaction processing c pu   
management misinformation systems rl ackoff management science 1967.0 
analyzing factors that influence end-to-end web performance b krishnamurthy ce wills www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
the use of session control in davic to provide interactive multimedia services rd miles pw reece l boon bt technology journal 1998.0 
mulurelataons -- semantics and languages a klausner n goodman proc 11th vldb conf stockholm sweden  
a commercial back-end data base system jp armisen jy caleca vldb 1981.0 
model instantiation for query driven simulation in active kdl ja miller wd potter kj kochut or weyrich jr   
perilous conduct : initiating developing and transforming the relationship between student and p clarke m fielding & hellip ; educational research association seattle washington  
neo-realism in international relations s chatterjee international studies-bombay then new delhi - 1997.0 
personality resemblances between unwed mothers and their adopted-away offspring jc loehlin l willerman jm horn journal of personality and social psychology 1982.0 
re-designing distance functions and distance based applications for high dimensional data cc aggarwal sigmod record 2001.0 
using large data bases for interactive problem solving ed carlson vldb  
comparison of chen medium and optisol-gs for human corneal preservation at 4 ^ oc : results of wm bourne lr nelson lj maguire kh baratz do cornea-new york - 2001.0 
on parallel execution of multiple pipelined hash joins ms chen h hsiao ps yu proc . of acm sigmod  
comparison of parametric bootstrap and bayesian approaches to obtaining confidence intervals for c kooperberg cj stone unpublished manuscript  
psychotherapeutic change : an alternative approach to meaning and measurement ar mahrer  1985.0 
scanningaugermicroscopyoflaser-producedcuionsimplanted in silicon am mezzasalma l torrisi s gammino g mondio g proc . 28th eclim  
g. graefe optimization of dynamic query evaluation plans rl cole proc . of the/994 acm  
broker design skills as a key driver in the formation of new product development networks : a d murphy a lewis r brown & hellip ; of the portland international conference on management of & hellip ;  
pilot study of mycophenolate mofetil ( rs-61443 ) in the prevention of acute rejection following renal k takahashi t ochiai k uchida t yasumura m transplant proc 1995.0 
future strategies for control of bovine tuberculosis b buddle proceedings of the 23rd seminar of the sheep and beef cattle & hellip ;  
day three versus day two embryo transfer following in vitro fertilization or intracytoplasmic sperm c oatway j gunby s daya cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
digital certificate fraud . m liew computerworld  
intermittent transition to turbulence in dissipative dynamical systems y pomeau p manneville communications in mathematical physics 1980.0 
drt ac command & hellip ; tmd operational concept demonstration 93å ? 1 . â ?? ( u ) january  
security implications of implementing active network infrastructures using agent technology s karnouskos computer networks 2001.0 
expert system for coal mine roof bolt design a ghosh s harpalani jkk daemon proc . 28th us rock mechanics symposium  
deformable-mirror spatial light modulators lj hornbeck proc . spie 1990.0 
keeping up with product cycles k gale computerworld  
log write-ahead protocols and ims/vs logging rj peterson jp strickland proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
qbi : query by icons a massari l saladini   
edi : still awaiting take-off but already flying high p burrows electronic business  
free radical chem. 1 ( 1965 ) 1 ; c. walling a trotman-dickenson acc . chem . res  
elastic compression stockings for prevention of deep vein thrombosis sv amarigiri ta lees cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
note on the theory of permutations a cayley phil . mag  
micronutrient distributions in the east siberian and laptev seas during summer 1963 la codispoti fa richards  1968.0 
a disjunctive datalog system ( and more ) g pfeifer w faber tutorial http://www . dbai . tuwien . ac . at/proj/dlv  
a cartographic animation of average yearly surface temperatures for the 48 contiguous united states : cr weber  1991.0 
treatise on the shift operator : spectral function theory nk nikol ` skii  1986.0 
interoperable routing for in and ip telephony r kantola j costa-requena n beijar computer networks 2001.0 
shape recovery and analysis of large screw threads c robertson rb fisher   
la robotiqueâ '' hermã ¨ s science publications ( traitã © des nouvelles technologies ) p coiffet  1992.0 
austin tx : university oftexas press es act   
issues in the design and specification of class libraries g kiczales j lamping proceedings of oopsla 1992.0 
wiley-vch weinheim 2000 ; m ) ae kaifer m switches acc . chem . res  
lilsys : inferring unavailability using sensors j begole n matsakis j tang proc . acm cscw  
strict concurrency and nondeterministic control of discrete event systems y li   
using taxonomy dicriminants and signatures to navigate in text databases s chakrabarti b dom r agrawal p raghavan   
uva trilearn 2001 team description r de boer j kok f groen lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
graalbench : a 3d graphics benchmark suite for mobile phones i antochi b juurlink s vassiliadis p liuha   
a study of shift control using the clutch pressure pattern in automatic transmission w han sj yi proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2003.0 
architecture of an open object-oriented database management system dl wells ja blakeley cw thompson   
carbon dioxide capture from power stations iea report isbn  
chemistry of s-nitrosothiols d lyn h williams acc . chem . res  
energy efficient indexing on air t imielinsky s viswanathan br badrinath proc . of intl. conf . on managm . of data-acm-sigmod  
techniques for the study of qos in ip networks sf carter nw macfadyen gar martin rl southgate bt technology journal 2002.0 
circuit layout j soukup ieee proceedings 1981.0 
â ?? the ultra-micrometer ; an application of the thermionic valve to the measurement of very small r whiddington phil . mag  
active learning in continuing professional education : the challenge of leadership . jc novak new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
cognition emotion and motivation : the doctoring of humpty-dumpty rs lazarus jc coyne s folkman approaches to emotion  
eflective memory we in a media server e chang h garcia-molina proceedings of the 233rd vldb conference  
on the temporal resolution of neural activity a date e bienenstock s geman unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
radiofrequency thermal ablation versus other interventions for hepatocellular carcinoma d galandi g antes cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?proportional sampling strategy : guidelines for software testing practitionersã cents â ? ¬ â ? ft chan ty chen ik mak yt yu information and software  
modeling for all scales academic press 2000 ht odum ec odum   
the legacy of rip van winkle . ww jellema new directions for higher education 1986.0 
supporting extensible buffer replacement strategies in database system s bressan cl goh bc ooi kl tan  1999.0 
the middle west jf hart geography 1962.0 
â ?? radioactive change e rutherford f soddy phil . mag  
flair images of brain diseases f segawa j kishibayashi k kamada n sunohara m no to shinkei 1994.0 
indigenous forest-dwelling communities in indonesiaâ ?? s outer islands : livelihood rights and c zerner unpublished manuscript  
regional patterns of fertility transition in botswana c vanderpost geography  
between mdps and semi-mdps : learning planning learning and sequential decision making rs sutton d precup sp singh  1998.0 
rip it up j king computerworld  
reurbanization uneven urban development and the debate on new urban forms ls bourne urban geography  
indexing on air svtibr badrinath proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod  
semantic interoperability in global information systems : a brief introduction to the research and a ouksel a sheth acm sigmod record . special section on semantic & hellip ;  
a survey of the world wide web security a rubin d greer ieee computer  
updating relational databases through object-based views a keller t barsalou n siambela g wiederhold proc . acm sigmod  
mining generalized association rules s ramakrishnan a rakesh proceedings of 21 stvldb conference zurich switzerland  
tomalâ ?? a high-level programming language for microprocessor process control applications rb kieburtz jl hennessy   
general optical implementations of fractional fourier transforms s liu j xu y zhang l chen c li   
in memory of bob kooi ( 1951â ?? 1993 ) m stonebraker acm sigmod record 1994.0 
designing and grading written assignments eh hobson new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
integrating video and text via representations of narrative a salway m graham e tomadaki y xu procs . aaai spring symposium  
surgical versus medical treatment with cyclooxygenase inhibitors for symptomatic patent ductus m malviya a ohlsson s shah cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
us department of energy headquarters germantown hq eh-21 bldg. 270 19901 germantown road j mckamy   
gamma-a high performance backend database machine d dewittâ ? ¦ proc . 12th conf . very large data  
interventions for pathological gambling ma oakley-browne p adams pm mobberley cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the classification of anxiety disorders dh barlow see tischler  
slam updates require constant time s thrun d koller z ghahmarani h durrant-whyte submitted for publication 2002.0 
sparse correlation kernel based signal reconstruction c papageorgiou f girosi t poggio technical report 1635 artificial intelligence laboratory  
the role of smears cultures and antibiotic sensitivity testing in the management of suspected s mcleod a kolahdouz-isfahani k rostamian journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
metadata standards for data warehousing : open information model vs. common warehouse metamodel gc introduction   
effects of high-voltage electrostatic field on growth in plants y jia-ming proc . int . conf . modern  
automatic dialog act segmentation and classification in multiparty meetings j ang y liu e shriberg   
faktorisierung von multivariaten polynomen ã 1/4 ber endliche n kã ¶ rpern unter verwendung der blackbox - c gut term project eth zurich switzerland january  
modelling of local climate for prediction of road slipperiness j bogren t gustavsson physical geography  
bargaining in families s lundberg ra pollak unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
thinksheet : a tool for tailoring complex documents p piatko r yangarber d lin d shasha proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1996.0 
andj . f. naughton . the oo7 benchmark mj carey dj dewitt proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
p. kreps the design and implementation of ingres m stonebraker e wong acm tods  
a method to calculate necessary assignments in algorithmic test pattern generation j rajski h cox proc . int . test conf 1990.0 
the road to competitive balance in australian professional team sports : regulation or free market b stewart act smith unpublished manuscript  
variability in the likelihood of automatic attitude activation : data reanalysis and commentary on rh fazio journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
networked event exploration and interaction summarization p appan h sundaram proc . acm multimedia  
absolute yield and spectrum of neutrons from the reaction 7 li ( p n ) 7 be vn kononov ed poletaev bd yurlov at .  
stabilized finite element method for the navierâ ?? stokes problem yn he yp lin ww sun   
a new proof of completeness of s4 with respect to the real line 2001 g bezhanishvili m gehrke   
aliasing reduction in sub-bands of cascaded filter banks with decimation b edler electronic letters 1992.0 
fast closing switches for low-impedance pulse generators jgh salge u katschinski j heuer tu braunschweig   
survey : the challenges of mobile computing g forman j zahorjan ieee computer  
clinical effects of sodium ozagrel and urokinase in patients with acute cerebral infarction in the h itoh k yamatani n oshida m shioi m takaba h no to shinkei 1998.0 
to higher luminosities and energy k qacm bounds-projection cheung and d. silverman in these  
the distribution of money and prices in search equilibrium m molico unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
topological analysis of online auction markets jk ho electronic markets 2004.0 
heavy metal loadings from animal manures to agricultural land in england and wales bj chambers fa nicholson dr soloman rj unwin   
primary rate user-network interfaceâ ?? layer 1 specification i recommendation   
a retrieval technique for similar shapes hv jagadish proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data 1991.0 
contorting high dimensional data for efficient main memory knn processing b cui bc ooi j su kl tan proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
the insulation vacuum barrier for the large hadron collider ( lhc ) magnet cryostats m castoldiâ ? ¦ icec18 bombay india  
an approximation algorithm for a file-allocation problem in a hierarchical distributed system k lam ct yu   
eajm cargille . the paradyn parallel performance measurement tool bp miller m callaghan ieee computer  
the acquisition of disjunction and positive polarity in japanese t goro s akiba   
conservatism and art preferences gd wilson j ausman tr matthews journal of personality and social psychology 1973.0 
elevator dispatchers for down peak trac g bao cg cassandras te djaferis ad gandhi dp ece department technical report university of massachusetts  
process locking : a protocol based on ordered shared locks for the execution of transactional h schuldt   
the ethereal hand : organizational economics and management theory l donaldson the academy of management review 1990.0 
the geography of disadvantage in rural scotland b home j home lof journals em alerts s index   
learning algorithm for nonparametric filtering sy efroimovich ms pinsker automat . i telemeh  
improving a product with usage-based testing a kouchakdjian r fietkiewicz information & software technology 2000.0 
the information effects of analyst activity at the announcement of new equity issues sp ferris financial management 2000.0 
cooperative extension as community education developer . dw price new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
a packet-switched multimedia conferencing system em schooler sl casner acm sigois bulletin 1989.0 
accuracy assessment of remote sensing derived change detection asprs monograph series american s khorram gs biging nr chrisman dr colby rg md  
numerical simulation of 2 d blade vortex interaction using moving overset grids c benoit european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
distributed entertainment environment sj powers mr hinds j morphett bt technology journal 1997.0 
achievement goals self-regulated learning and the role of classroom context as hagen ce weinstein new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
nothing worthwhile without great effort . rl hess new directions for higher education 1988.0 
a framework for projected clustering of high dimensional data streams c aggarwal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
immune suppression of mycoplasma hyopneumoniae infected swine proc mj wannemueller proc . int . organ .  
smoothed bootstrap and statistical data cloning for classifier evaluation g shakhnarovich r el-yaniv y baram   
einfluss der bewirtschaftungs-verfahren des dok-versuchs auf die mineralisierung und verfã 1/4 gbarkeit sa meyre ph. d. thesis no. 12405 eth zurich switzerland  
fractional rate dataflow model and efficient code synthesis for multimedia applications h oh s ha   
peer-facilitated adult education s anderson new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
verischemelog : verilog embedded in scheme j jennings e beuscher   
indoor scene reconstruction from sets of noisy range images rt whitaker j gregor pf chen 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ; 1999.0 
symons > icr george p. griffith j je bennett dje ingram phil . mag  
storing semi-structured data using stored a deutsch m fernandez d suciu proc. acm sigmod  
performance demonstration of a fast-tunable transmitter and burst-mode packet receiver for hornet k shrikhande im white ms rogge ft an a   
extending hierarchical reinforcement learning to continuous-time average-reward and multi-agent m ghavamzadeh s mahadevan r makar   
digital ridgelet transform via rectopolar coordinate transform dl donoho  1998.0 
interaction of u-box-type ubiquitin-protein ligases ( e3s ) with molecular chaperones s hatakeyama m matsumoto m yada ki nakayama genes to cells 2004.0 
h ~ etor garefa-molina . merging ranks from heterogeneous internet sources l gravano technical report sidl-wp-1997-0063 dept. of computer science  
shrikant . mining association rules between sets of items in large databases r agrawal t imielinski andr proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of  
a content-based multimedia server for massively parallel architectures wo ` connell it ieong d schrader c watson g au sigmod conference  
anomalous behavior of cosmic ray anisotropy in the last minimum of the solar activity av belov ea eroshenko va oleneva vg yanke proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf 1999.0 
special issue : metadata for digital media w klas a sheth sigmod record  
directory of evaluation training programs rm may m fleischer cj scheirer gb cox new directions for program evaluation 1986.0 
charge-based proportional scheduling . technical memorandum mit/lcs/tm -529 u maheshwari  1995.0 
strategic information systems planning : a review s pant c hsu   
rigorous specification using structured systems analysis and z kc mander f polack information and software technology 1995.0 
introduction to magnetism and magnetic materialsâ ?? second edition chapman & hall 1998 d jiles   
acupuncture for smoking cessation ar white h rampes e ernst cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
integration of computational models inspired by economics and genetics p kearney re smith c bonacina t eymann bt technology journal 2000.0 
scene-context effects and models of real-world perception p de graef see rayner  
positioning in mobile ad hoc networks s tschumi semester thesis eth zurich switzerland  
experiments in numerical reasoning with inductive logic programming a srinivasan r camacho   
visual studio takes big step s gaudin computerworld  
on the division of space with minimum partitional area l kelvin w thomson phil . mag  
avulsion fracture of tendon of extensor carpi radialis longus : unknown mechanism kk jessa jc hodge journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
scientific databases-state of the art and future directions m zemankova ye ioannidis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
ve4ma '' selection of an optimum dish feed '' bw malowanchuk proceedings of the 23rd conference of the central states vhf  
an approximate analysis of waiting time in multi-class m/g/1 / . / edf queues k chen l decreusefond proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;  
introduction to the theory of ( non-symmetric ) dirichlet forms zm ma m rã ¶ ckner  1992.0 
the siamang in malaya : a field study of a primate in tropical rain forest dj chivers contributions to primatology 1974.0 
truststream : a novel secure and scalable media streaming architecture h yin c lin f qiu x liu d wu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
providing on-demand sports video to mobile devices q liu z hua c zang x tong h lu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
automatic integration of web search interfaces with wise-integrator h he w meng c yu z wu the vldb journal 2004.0 
the economic geography of the internet 's infrastructure * . ej malecki economic geography 2002.0 
programming the microsoft windows driver model 2âª ediã § ã # o w oney  2003.0 
interventions for treating depression after stroke ml hackett cs anderson ao house cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
argumentation and decision making : a position paper s parsons j fox lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
dual-buffer strategies in object bases a kemper d kossmann 20th int . conf . on very large data bases  
bruce croft : fast incremental indexing for full-text information retrieval w eric p brown james w callan proc . of the 20th inter . conf . on very large databases ( vldb & hellip ;  
activex controls inside out a denning  1997.0 
verifying safety properties using separation and heterogeneous abstractions e yahav g ramalingam   
a knowledge representation system for integration of general knowledge and case-specific knowledge a aamodt procs . int . conf . on tools with artificial intelligence  
biota and stream water quality monitoring dj russell aj mcdougall demonstration of management and rehabilitation of acid & hellip ;  
solid phase organic synthesis : novelty orjundamental concept h rapoport ji crowley acc . chem . res  
pattern classification and scene analysis ro duda pe hart  1973.0 
microsoft access 97 developer 's handbook tm o'brien sj pogge ge white  1997.0 
garnet : uses of demonstrational techniques ba myers & hellip ; what i do : programming by demonstration table of contents 1993.0 
l'art du code sa maguire  1995.0 
zhang hf ; chatterjee a. k rr brooks j holzbecher de ryan at . spectrosc  
an investigation of extensive reading with remedial students in a philippines secondary school pm lituanas gm jacobs wa renandya international journal of educational research 2001.0 
gravitation and spacetime ch ohanian   
formation of highly directional radiation patterns with zero values in given directions through vs filippov mv indenbom radiotekhnika i elektronika 1976.0 
key iter plasma edge and plasma-material interaction issues 15th psi conf . ( gifu japan may 2002 ) j. g federiciâ ? ¦  2002.0 
special dell-ivery . â ?? j maglitta electronic business  
integrating business strategy and edi gi doukidis 2nd greek edi conference athens greece may  
leo å ? db2â ?? s learning optimizer m stillger gm lohman v markl m kandil the vldb journal  
gibraltar strait crossingâ ?? a challenge to bridge and structural engineers . ty lin p chow struct . eng . int . ( iabse zurich switzerland )  
compact modeling for rf cmos circuit simulation aj scholten rv langeelde lf tiemeijerâ ? ¦ athens greece 2001.0 
air traffic control complete jj godfrey  1997.0 
co-learning in the community rm curry p cunningham new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
madrid : suma de letras 2004 . 688 p co sardina   
cooperativity theory in biochemistry : steady-state and equilibrium systems tl hill  1985.0 
3 . sobolewski â ?? disk allocstion for cartesian product files on multiple-disk systems â ?? hc du acm trans . database  
structure and steroidogenic enzimes of the seminal vesicle of the urohaze-goby ( glossogobius k asahina k suzuki t hibiya b tamaoki san diego  
how does cooperation reduce intergroup bias sl gaertner ja mann jf dovidio aj murrell m journal of personality and social psychology  
transposition of is1 circles y shiga y sekine e ohtsubo genes to cells 1999.0 
the question of scale economies in software - why can not researchers agree ? b kitchenham information & software technology 2002.0 
a new admission control metric for voip traffic in 802.11 networks s garg   
population resources and the ideology of science d harvey economic geography 1974.0 
wave scattering by surface-breaking cracks and cavities bv budaev db bogy submitted for  
the propagation of radio waves over a finitely conducting spherical earth b van der pol h bremmer phil . mag  
internet supply chain management ss mecker electronic news  
deletion of 11q23 is a frequent event in the evolution of mycn single-copy high-risk neuroblastomas c guo ps white md hogarty gm brodeur r gerbing   
effects of causative organism and presence or absence of meningitis on white blood cell counts in mw kline eob smith sl kaplan mi lorin journal of emergency medicine 1988.0 
a survey of current practice of value assessment in the management of manufacturing information and jn ezingeard p race & hellip ; of the second international conference on management  
efficient data aggregation middleware for wireless sensor networks m kumar l schwiebert m brockmeyer   
participatory leadership strategy . we moomaw new directions for higher education 1984.0 
a new proposal for seed plant phylogeny : abstract volume of the fifth quadrenniial conference of the lj hickey santa barbara california  
black bear denning ecology in interior alaska me smith jl hechtel eh follmann international conference on bear research and management  
the effect of thermal treatment on the structure and properties of electrolytical superconducting vn kolosov aa shevyryov proc . 21st riso int . symp . on materials science :  
teleporting { making applications mobile t richardson f bennett g mapp a harter a proceedings of acm  
influence of greenhouse warming on tropical cyclone frequency simulated by a high-resolution agcm j yoshimura m sugi a noda proceedings of the 23rd conference on hurricanes and & hellip ;  
chi-activated recbcd enzyme possesses 5 0â ?? 3 0 nucleolytic activity but recbc enzyme does not : dg anderson jj churchill sc kowalczykowski genes to cells 1997.0 
ride replacementâ ?? a hybrid pstn/voip application solution jc parr aj heron bt technology journal 2001.0 
special issue { directions for future database research and development w kim acm sigmod record december  
localities and failures rm amadio proceedings  
the development of the c programming language dm ritchie history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
timemine ( demonstration session ) : visualizing automatically constructed timelines r swan j allan proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
dimensionality reduction and similarity computation by inner-product approximations o egecioglu ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
balneotherapy for rheumatoid arthritis ap verhagen sm bierma-zeinstra jr cardoso ra de cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
exit voice loyalty and neglect : responses to dissatisfaction in romantic involvements ce rusbult im zembrodt lk gunn journal of personality and social psychology  
lod * : an odmg based c++ database programming language with class-separation support es cho hj kim information and software technology  
41-stannual meeting of the division of plasma physics of the american physical society dt garnier m mauel j kesnerâ ? ¦ seattle washington november  
reasoning about structure behavior and function b chandrasekaran r milne acm sigart bulletin 1985.0 
september 1952 . the university of toronto model electronic computer rf johnston proc .  
seamless stitching using multi-perspective plane sweep sb kang r szeliski m uyttendaele   
a computational techniquefor inverse kinematics wa wolovich h elliott pages 1359â ?? 1363of : proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference & hellip ;  
group assessment in the on-line learning environment ja nicolay new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
inorganic ion exchangers in chemical analysis m qureshi  1991.0 
isomo loruko : the yoruba naming ceremony . middle level learning . p kafi a singer social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
automated statistics collection in action p haas m kandil a lerner v markl i popivanov proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
functional interaction of escherichia coli rna polymerase with inorganic polyphosphate s kusano a ishihama genes to cells 1997.0 
a brief survey of web data extraction tools ahf laender ba ribeiro-neto js teixeira sigmod record 2002.0 
reduction of no x smoke and brake specific fuel consumption with optimal injection timing and jw park ky huh jh lee proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
computing in horn clause theories p padawitz  1988.0 
fed access law could affect it p thibodeau computerworld  
patterns in the organization of transnational information systems wr king v sethi   
calculating constraints on relational expressions a klug acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
better boundsfor online scheduling s albers proc . 29th acm stoc  
comment on a proposed two-stage theory of relationship formation : first repulsion ; then attraction me rosenbaum journal of personality and social psychology  
activation of reticular neurons of the medulla by visceral afferents nn preobrazhenskii yp limanskii neirofiziologiya i  
building a zero-latency enterprise b enslow r schulte gartnergroup inc. gartner analytics service report com-05 -  
setting environmental justice in space and place : acute and chronic airborne toxic releases in the sl cutter wd solecki urban geography  
a kinetic study of cvd-wsix processes . * the comparison of wf / sih and wf / si h processes t saito k oshima y shimogaki y egashira h proceedings 12th international conference on c < d  
calculating stack distances efficiently g almasi c cascaval da padua   
complex lms algorithm '' b widrow j mccool m ball ieee proceedings 1975.0 
the directionality of ruvab-mediated branch migration : in vitro studies with three-armed junctions k hiom ir tsaneva sc west genes to cells 1996.0 
alternating laminated array of two types of mucin in the human gastric surface mucous layer h ota t katsuyama the histochemical journal 1992.0 
influence of speed of third-party intervention and outcome on negotiator and constituent fairness de conlon pm fasolo the academy of management journal 1990.0 
electron density models for assessment studiesâ ?? new developments r leitinger s radicella b nava proceedings of the cost271 workshop sopron hungary 25-29  
corticosteroids for the resolution of malignant bowel obstruction in advanced gynaecological and dj feuer ke broadley cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
faculty issues in the 1990 s : new realities new opportunities . jh schuster new directions for higher education 1990.0 
query execution strategies for caching expensive methods j hellerstein j naughton proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
etal. : the solar dynamic radiator with a historical perspective kl mclallin proceedings of the 23rd international energy conversion  
ram mohan m. and sarma ds v balaram pv sunder raju sl ramesh kv anjaiah at . spectrosc  
semantic relations : the key to integrating and query processing in heterogeneous databases n rishe ri athauda j yuan sc chen   
some high level constructs for data of type relation jw schmidt acm transactions on database systems  
cache-conscious radix-decluster projections s manegold p boncz n nes m kersten proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
language is spatialâ ?? : experimental evidence for image schemas of concrete and abstract verbs dc richardson mj spivey s edelman ad naples   
query processing in main memory database systems tj lehman mj carey proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
adaptive set intersections unions and differences ed demaine a lopez-ortiz ji munro   
quasi-cubes : exploiting approximations in multidimensional databases d barbara m sullivan sigmod record 1997.0 
â ?? noncohesive embankment failure due to overtopping flow . dp andrews se coleman mg webby bw melville   
version 2.0 special/microsoft windows ba photostyler   
geological interpretation of well logs whittles caithness mh rider  2002.0 
automata for modelling real-time systems . icalpâ ?? 1990 lncs 443 r alur dl dill   
conferencing software : letâ ?? s interface j salemi pc magazine  
approximate frequency counts over data streams m charikar k chen m farach-colton in proc . of 29th int . colloq . on automata languages and & hellip ;  
x-ray astronomy experiments from sounding rockets s rappaport  1987.0 
opportunities in semantic web and enterprises i a sheth r meersman w grosky m uschold sigmod record 2002.0 
a distributed algorithm for finding k disjoint paths of minimum total length c cheng spr kumar jj garcia-luna-aceves proc . 28th annual allerton conference on communication & hellip ;  
early estimation of software size in object-oriented environments a case study in a cmm level 3 m ronchetti g succi submitted for publication 1999.0 
software engineering in the small - guest editor 's introduction d moitra ieee computer  
querying in highly distributed environments t imielinski br badrinath proc . 18 thintâ ?? l. conf . on  
the continuum of professional education and practice ab knox new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
confocal scanning optical microscopy and related imaging system academic tr corle gs kino san diego calif  
a relational view of the data independent accessing model ls schneider proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1976.0 
issues in the writing of contemporary history jan lee history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
olanzapine for schizophrenia l duggan m fenton rm dardennes a el-dosoky s cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
3.3 statsci division mathsoft v splus inc. seattle washington  
th & tibshirani r. ( 1998 ) . additive logistic regression : a statistical view of boosting j friedman technical report department of statistics stanford  
p6 and beyond : intel 's plans for the next level of processor technology m feibus pc magazine 1993.0 
qualitative spatial representation and reasoning techniques ag cohn lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
agent-based modellingâ ?? treating customers as individuals not numbers d collings t reeder i adjali p crocker m lyons bt technology journal 2000.0 
the effects of self-esteem and evaluator demandingness on effort expenditure h sigall r gould journal of personality and social psychology 1977.0 
e. and bennett j. e dj ingram phil . mag  
disseminated mycobacterium peregrinum infection in a child with complete ifnî ³ r1 deficiency e koscielnak l naumann jl casanova thm  2001.0 
linking management behavior to ethical philosophy -- an empirical investigation dj fritzsche h becker the academy of management journal 1984.0 
a theory of correct locking protocols for database systems ds fussell zm kedem vldb 1981.0 
exh . 48 [ 408-509 ] and 49 [ 510-512 ] respectively dm ka002730  2730.0 
technology in support of faculty learning communities n vaughan new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
computing queries from derived relatmns pa larson hz yang proceedings of the llth vldb ( stockholm aug. .  
dynamic modeling bm hannon m ruth  2001.0 
data fusion techniques of heterogeneous sensor images for debris hazard assessments k tsutsui s miyazaki h nakagawa t shiraishi s area 2001.0 
estimation of sediment redistribution within agricultural fields using caesium-137 crystal springs ra sutherland e de jong applied geography  
improving backward recovery in workflow systems c liu me orlowska x lin x zhou   
serious birdstrike accidents to military aircraft : updated list and summary p. 67â ?? 97 : j richardson t west proceedings of the 25 thinternational bird strike committee . & hellip ;  
explorations in behavioral consistency : properties of persons situations and behaviors dc funder cr colvin journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
the alf proof editor and its proof engine l magnusson b nordstroem lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
cosmic ray survey to antarctica and coupling functions for neutron component near solar minimum ( n iucci g villoresi li dorman m parisi   
epstein-barr virus gene expression in oral hairy leukoplakia r lau j middeldorp pj farrell virology-new york - 1993.0 
using quantitative information for ef-f-ficient ficient aasssociation rule generation sociation rule b pã ´ ssas w meira jr m carvalho rrb pã ´ ssas r   
calculation of transient processes at direct lightning stroke into thin wire structures hd brã 1/4 ns h singer f demmel & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatability zurich switzerland  
g. graefe . experiences bulding the open oodb query optimizer ja gm931 wjmk blakeley proceedings of the acm sigmod conf on management of data & hellip ;  
formalization and verification of event-driven process chains wmp van der aalst   
vpr : a new packing placement and routing tool for fpga research v betz j rose lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
the mlpq/gis constraint database pz revesz r chen p kanjamala y li y liu y proceedings of sigmod 2000  
magmatism at an oceanic spreading-ridge examples from the samail ophiolite oman js pallister ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1980.0 
small-scale structure of cold dark matter dj schwarz s hofmann   
the evolution of proteinase substrates with special reference to dipeptidylpeptidase iv re smith cj reynolds ea elder the histochemical journal 1992.0 
performance evaluation of safety applications over dsrc vehicular ad hoc networks j yin t elbatt g yeung b ryu s habermas h   
declarative specification of web sites with strudel m fernã ¡ ndez d florescu a levy d suciu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
bidirectional migration of seqa-bound hemimethylated dna clusters and pairing of oric copies in s hiraga c ichinose t onogi h niki m yamazoe genes to cells 2000.0 
on the size of convex hulls of small sets s mendelson journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
thouzot '' une prã © sentation de la mã © thode des ã © lã © ments finis '' maloine sa paris 1981 g dhatt   
interconnected automata and linear systems : a theoretical framework in discrete time ed sontag lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
extraction of object-oriented schemas from existing relational databases : a form-driven approach m malki a flory mk rahmouni informatica 2002.0 
what a temporal gis can do for cadastral systems kka ai-taha au frank  1995.0 
hyper tableaux p baumgartner u furbach i niemelae lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
examination of adolescents ' negative thoughts depressive mood and family environment b aydin f oztutuncu adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
two continuums collide : accreditation and assessment jl ratcliff es lubinescu ma gaffney new directions for higher education 2001.0 
an evaluation of generic bulk loading techniques j den bercken b seeger proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
embedded systems : new approaches to their formal description and design a kundig re buhrer j dahler springer-verlag zurich switzerland ( march  
ecology and conservation biology of a large rainforest skink ( egernia major scincidae ) a klingenbã ¶ ck k osterwalder  1999.0 
theorizing change : the role of professional associations in the transformation of institutionalized r greenwood r suddaby cr hinings academy of management journal 2002.0 
nicklen s. and coulson ar ( 1977 ) f sanger proc .  
hierarchical compact cube for range-max queries hg li tw ling sy lee proceedings of the 26th vldb  
mining for purity dependencies in databases d simovici d cristofor l cristofor   
guided tissue regeneration for periodontal infra-bony defects ( cochrane review ) ig needleman e giedrys-leeper rj tucker hv cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
arena : adaptive distributed catalog infrastructure based on relevance networks v zadorozhny a gal l raschid q ye proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
a simple method to stabilize the frequency of semiconductor lasers ( abstract only ) h ludvigsen c holmlund e ikonen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
w. and s. kolvenbach support for workflows in a ministerial environment w prinz procs of the 1996 acm conference on computer supported  
finite elements in computational mechanics . vol . 1 t kant bombay india 2-6 dec. 1985 1985.0 
multimedia tutorials in an academic environment ( video ) jd farquhar l kempski u nadarajan gj yaverbaum proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
perinatal loss : assisting parents to cope mh hutti journal of emergency nursing 1988.0 
viewfinder : an object browser ad ` atri a motro l tarantino information & software technology 1999.0 
social reference points and accessibility of trait-related information in self-other similarity jj karylowski journal of personality and social psychology  
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ é ?? è ¯ '' æ ² '' ç ?? æ ³ ? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # tiger drs seattle washington usa  
rotary switch and current monitor by hall-based microsystems rs vanha ph. d. dissertation eth zurich switzerland  
structural adjustment and the contemporary sub-saharan african city j briggs iea yeboah area 2001.0 
arvind . id : a language with implicit parallelism . csg memo 305 computation structures group rs nikhil  1990.0 
measuring the accuracy of the infrared tympanic thermometer : correlation does not signify agreement m yaron sr lowenstein j koziol-mclain journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
interpersonal identity formation during early adolescence bn allison jb schultz adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
k. garcia-molina h. and paepcke a. ( 1997 ) . starts : stanford proposal for internet metasearching l gravano cc chang acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
fiction chronicle re kuehn wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
an exploration of schema development in procedure-oriented programmers learning object-oriented ml manns j nelson proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1993.0 
construction firms builds on tech prowess l horwitt computerworld  
g. peregrine h & bredmose h. ( 2004 ) characteristics and design implications of breaking wave g bullock c obhrai g wolters gw mã 1/4 ller proc . 29th intl. conference coastal  
maximizing the output rate of multi-way join queries over streaming information sources s viglas jf naughton j burger proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
on the nonexistence of positive solutions to doubly nonlinear equations for baouendiâ ?? grushin i kombe submitted for publication  
indexing trajectories of moving point objects d pfoser y theodoridis cs jensen vldb conference  
self-synchronizing variable-length codes for image transmission wm lam ar reibman   
process engineering for the alliance partners c paton a goodier r mistry d williams bt technology journal 2000.0 
should computer scientists experiment more ? 16 excuses to avoid experimentation wf tichy ieee computer 1998.0 
new results on an electropneumatic active seat suspension system gj stein proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2000.0 
object and rle management m the exodus extensible database system cmj carey dj dewltt je i & ha & on ej shelata proceedmgs of 1986 vldb conference  
project transition : testing an intervention to help high school freshmen succeed j quint  1999.0 
twisted bit-line technique for multigigabit drams ds min dw langer electronic letters 1997.0 
bombay and its in-migrants a sebastian  1994.0 
efficient query reformulation in peer data management systems i tatarinov a halevy proc . of sigmod 2004.0 
advanced distribution theory for sizer j hannig js marron unpublished manuscript 2004.0 
room temperature pulsed operation of blue nitride based laser diodes mp mack ac abare m hansen p kozodoy s keller proc . int . conf . nitride semiconductors  
heterostructure integrated thermionic cooling of opteoelectronic devices cj labounty   
the search for new models in faculty bargaining . jh schuster new directions for higher education 1974.0 
the bowing of a dislocation segment aje foreman phil . mag  
hardware acceleration in commercial databases : a case study of spatial operations n bandi c sun d agrawal a el abbadi proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
1 . mumick and y. sagiv . query optimization by predicate move-around a levy proc . of the int . conf . on very large data bases  
recent disturbance-mediated vegetation change at cape cod national seashore u chokkalingam  1995.0 
clozapine versus typical neuroleptic medication for schizophrenia k wahlbeck m cheine ma essaliâ ? ¦ cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
school choice competition and the efficiency of secondary schools in england ' department of s bradley g johnes j millington  1999.0 
fast algorithms for mining association rules in large database a rakesh r srikant  1994.0 
behavioral correlates of olfactory stimulation in non-affected brothers of schizophrenia patients f schneider u habel m klein i toni k zilles p   
article details me tipping journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
whysystolicarchitectures ht kung ieee computer  
fine structure of the 2 p state in helium-like sulfur and chlorine ae livingston ej galvez as zacarias fg serpa aip conference proceedings 1993.0 
evaluation of r-1218 in the primary rat hepatocyte unscheduled dna synthesis assayã cents ã cents ã cents final report l bionetics md  
parity striping of disc arrays j gray b horst m walkter proceedings of vldb  
state history and african american history : an interdisciplinary civil rights approach ea yeager fh doppen eb otani social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
effficient importance sampling for monte carlo evaluation of exceedance probabilities hp chan tl lai  2004.0 
assessment in accelerated learning programs : a practical guide be walvoord new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
sync your data : update propagation for heterogeneous protein databases k claypool e rundensteiner the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
social studies online resources . media corner . j wilsonâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
experiments with a network design algorithm using-approximate linear programs d bienstock submitted for publication 1996.0 
curry c and thompson bj 1963 j clift phil . mag  
organizational and retrieval processes in person memory : an examination of processing objectives tk srull journal of personality and social psychology  
assessment of basic social skills re riggio journal of personality and social psychology  
s. navathe â ?? an efficient algorithm for mining association rules in large database â ?? a savasere e omiecinski proc . internal conf . very large data  
performance of data-parallel spat ial operations eg hoelt h samet   
project partnering c cowan c gray e larson project management journal 1992.0 
reviews of plasma physics edited by ma leontovich ( consultants bureau new york 1965 ) si braginskii vol .  
a case for learner-centered teaching and learning bj daley new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
characterization of lower uv wavelengths for icp applications gf wallace dw hoult rd ediger at . spectrosc  
tohoku math wm ni i takagi e yanagida j. to  
parallel processing and document layout h brown   
short programs for functions on curves v miller unpublished manuscript 1986.0 
immunocytochemically detectable metallothionein in granulation tissue surrounding mucosal ulceration ag douglas-jones nd thomas me elmes b jasani the histochemical journal 1992.0 
firm real-time concurrency control jr haritsa mj carey m livny & hellip ; of concurrency control mechanisms in centralized database & hellip ; 1995.0 
scale frames and counter-scale frames : constructing the problem of environmental injustice he kurtz political geography 2003.0 
ancillary reports : kernel design project . june 1977 dd clark mit/lcs/tm -87 laboratory for computer science massachusetts  
in press gp lewis & hellip ; loblolly/shortleaf pine demonstration final report . us  
a. and rudd jb 1932 va bailey phil . mag  
interrelatedness of prrs virus isolates in north america mp murtaugh ks faaberg s yuan v kapur proceedings of the allen d. leman conference minneapolis & hellip ;  
c b. kingsbury j. beck d. johnson and n. morgan . spert-ii : a vector microprocessor system j wawrzynek k asanovi ieee computer  
an authoruatron mechamsm for a relatlonai database system p gnfflths b wade acm transactions on database systems ( sept. .  
managing uncertainty in sensor databases r cheng s prabhakar sigmod record 2003.0 
software tool packages the expertise needed to build expert systems c williams electronic design  
customizing the technology roadmapping approach r phaal cjp farrukh jf mills dr probert   
software issues for pc-based stereoscopic displays : how to make pc users see stereo d sawdai gj hamlin d swift proceedings of  
monitor for complex cad systems a alberto di janni proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;  
designing speech user interfaces n yankelovich j lai proceedings of acm chi 1998.0 
î ± 1-adrenoceptor affinities of drugs for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia in human mc michel b grã 1/4 bbel s mã ¶ llhoff t otto w proceedings of congress sociã © tã © internationale  
matching information systems with corporate information needs mc er information and software technology 1987.0 
on the power of magic . in : proc of the acm symp on principles of database systems c beeri r ramakrishnan  1987.0 
chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service lbr lntemet applications i stoica r morris d karger mf kaashoek h proc . acm sigcomm &#39;  
constraint-based rule mining in large dense databases [ r ] rj bayardo jr r agrawal d gunopulos ibm almaden research center research report  
energy e cient indexing on air t imielinski s viswanathan b badrinath proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
nsf-inria . worksop s abiteboul p buneman c delobel r hull p sigmod record 1990.0 
realization of dynamic biped walking stabilized with trunk motion under known external force a takanishi m tochizawa t takeya h karaki i proc . int . conf . advanced robotics  
greek cheeses e anifantakis national dairy commission of greece athens greece  
a texquery-based xml full-text search engine c botev s amer-yahia j shanmugasundaram proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
a prospective blinded study on emergency pain assessment and therapy j ducharme c barber journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
of data warehouseing and olap technology csdua overview sigmod record  
, a. sahuguet fabien azavant building light-weight wrappers for legacy web data-sources using w4f a sahuguet ecole nationale supã © rieure des tã © lã © communications paris  
daytona r greer proceedings of the sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
antidepressant versus placebo for depressed elderly k wilson p mottram a sivanranthan a nightingale cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
immunoregulatory and cytokine imbalances in the pathogenesis of iddm : therapeutic intervention by a rabinovitch diabetes-new  
replica field theory for random manifolds m mezard g parisi j. phys . i ( france ) 1991.0 
eevl : past present and future r macleod l kerr electronic library 1997.0 
information appliances : from web phones to smart refrigerators l goldberg electronic  
an imprecise real-time image magnification algorithm ld nguyen amk cheng proc . int &#39; l conf . multimedia systems  
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization ps seshadri s sudarshan s bhobe proc . sigmod dallas usa  
implications for fostering excellence . pg friedman rc jenkins-friedman new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
update propagation strategies for improving the quality of data on the web a labrinidis n roussopoulos vldb 2001.0 
autocad 12 makros und menã 1/4 s : individuelle anpassungen . te-wi-verlag 1993 jl brittain go head at schaefer   
a. silberschatz s. sudarshan . dali : a high performance main memory storage manager hvjdlr rastogi proceedings of the vldb conference  
simulation of packet communication architecture computer systems . rep re bryant mit/lcs/tr -188 mit laboratory for computer science  
project management in the information systems and information technologies industries f hartman ra ashrafi project management journal 2002.0 
dispersal storage and transformation of metal-contaminated alluvium in the upper vistula basin mg macklin k klimek applied geography  
locating pc-based compilers for pl/1 fortran and cobol ; improving performance on slower or older j salemi pc magazine  
learning addition and subtraction : effects of number words and other cultural tools kc fuson y kwon pathways to number  
intravenous indomethacin for preventing mortality and morbidity in very low birth weight infants pw fowlie cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
complex objects art : t their use in design transaction r lorie w plouffe prcx : . acm sigmod conf . san jose . may  
concurrent database reorganization-assessment of a powerful technique through moduling lss sã ¶ d81 proceedings vldb 1981.0 
toomey & unknown ; syringe aspiration may be inaccurate in detecting esophageal intubation after gs chew gm vilke dp davis tc chan journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
agent-based modellingâ ?? intelligent customer relationship management n baxter d collings i adjali bt technology journal 2003.0 
approximating a point process by a renewal process : the view through a queue an indirect approach w whitt management science 1981.0 
designing time-based interactions with multimedia e lee proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
seismic performance testing on wood framed shear wall n kawai procs . cib-w18 / 31 meeting  
hse books 1999 r error i behaviour   
thermal diffusion and chemical kinetics in laminar biomaterial due to heating by a mark-iii free - ms hutson sa hauger g edwards   
server-supported signatures n asokan g tsudik m waidner lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
inside visual c++ version 1.5 d kruglinski  1994.0 
representation and optimization of software usage models with non-markovian state transitions k doerner wj gutjahr   
database issues for the 21st century a bosworth proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
personal communication n sandburg biological consultant santa barbara california  
beyond market baskets : generalizing association rules to correlations c silverstein r motwani s brin proc . acm sigmod conf  
blaming the victim : complex ( nonlinear ) patterns of causal attribution by nurses in response to ml lanza j carifio journal of emergency nursing 1991.0 
generalized sobolev inequalities and asymptotic behaviour in fast diffusion and porous medium m del pino j dolbeault submitted for publication 1999.0 
efficient query refinement for image retrieval ieee conf . on comp c nastar m mitschke c meihac vis . and pattern recognition santa barbara california  
84 helmbold d. and luckham dc debugging ada ta ~ kin9 programs l helmbold technical report 84-262 stanford university july 1984 .  
the nws dambrk model : theoretical background and user documentation hrl-258 . hydrological research dl fread md  
security authentication : smart card authentication in windows g pittaway microsoft  
disseminating updates on broadcast disks s acharya mj franklin s zdonik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
role of antibodies to b lymphocytes in renal transplantation rb ettenger pi terasaki a ting mh malekzadeh transplant proc 1977.0 
mapping contested terrains : schoolrooms and streetcorners in urban belize c rutheiser see ref  
electronic commerce tutorial b browning web developers journal sep/02/1999 . available at : < http : / / & hellip ;  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?recent results on nonlinear filtering : new class of finite dimensional filters ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in sst yau proc . 29th conf . decision  
nucleic acids res pk weckâ ? ¦   
r. and garcia-molina pi abbott h. â ?? scheduling real-time transactions â ?? acm sigmod rec  
academic staff students and the internet : the experience at the university of westminster bb blinko electronic library 1996.0 
schema mapping as query discovery rj miller lm haas ma hernã ¡ ndez proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 
type inference in the polymorphic relational algebra jv den bussche e waller proc . acm pods  
spotting hidden contracts : the . net example k arnout b meyer submitted for  
gender and the separation of employment from home in metropolitan montreal 1971-1981 p villeneuve d rose urban geography  
astronomy & astrophysics l decin b vandenbussche c waelkensâ ? ¦  2001.0 
, nesime tatbul and stan zdonik . aurora : a new model and architecture for data stream management dj abadi d carney the vldb journal  
logic verification using binary decision diagrams in a logic synthesis environment s malik ar wang rk brayton a sangiovanni -   
a randomized trial of primary liver transplantation under immunosuppression with fk 506 vs j fung k abu-elmagd a jain r gordon a tzakis transplant proc 1991.0 
holonicstorage : an assembly and storage cell by manipulation using environment t arai y aiyama y sasaki proc . 29th cirp int . seminar on  
databases in the social studies : not why but how . jd mccoy social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
the affective responses of ethnic minority readers to indigenous ghetto literature : a measurement ll sherrill  1972.0 
bird strike hazards as a factor in the site selection process and planning for the future new lisbon s pessoa c sequeira h blokpoel   
an elliptic system modelling the propagation of a multidimensional flame h berestycki b larrouturou pl lions jm unpublished  
j. solid state chem b chevalier jl bobet e gaudin m pasturel j at  
outsourcer confirms demise of reservation coalition plan m halper computerworld  
light transmission through an ultrasonic beam in a homogeneous isotropic dielectric ge zilberman lf kupchenko radiotekhnika i elektronika 1975.0 
hierarchies of partitions and morphological segmentation f meyer lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
a network-centric approach to embedded software for tiny devices de culler j hill p buonadonna r szewczyk a woo lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
the kalman filter : an introduction to concepts p maybeck springer-verlag 1990.0 
are you ready for â ?? trustâ ?? economy pgw keen computerworld  
a theory of communicating sequential processes sd brookes car hoare aw roscoe journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1984.0 
oopdarus department of housing and urban development ( 1979 ) ka peroff cl davis r jones gautreaux housing demonstration : an evaluation of its impact & hellip ;  
stereotypic biases in social decision making and memory : testing process models of stereotype use gv bodenhausen journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
on hughes ' hp-problem ge wall proc . int . conf . theory of  
sp and beal ar 1980 s parkin phil .  
houben gj and wu h. aham : a dexter-based reference model for adaptive hypermedia p de bra proceedings of acm hypertext  
an efficient subdivision inversion for wavemesh-based progressive compression of 3d triangle meshes s valette j rossignac r prost submitted for publication 2003.0 
continuous k-nearest neighbor queries for continuously moving points with updates gs iwerks h samet k smith proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
one-class svms for document classification m larry y malik journal of machine learning research  
role of the student . me quinn l sellars new directions for higher education 1974.0 
validating a method to infer learning processes from usersâ ?? clickstream data using bayesian g chung jo kim lf de vries ch phan unpublished manuscript  
existence results for superlinear semipositone boundary value problems v anuradha dd hai r shivaji proc . ams  
serving the movement : the role ( s ) of music r rosenthal popular music and society 2001.0 
defending against an internet-based attack on the physical world s byers ad rubin d kormann acm transactions on internet technology 2004.0 
svâ `` footballâ '' ve encarta  1993.0 
new directions in presentation graphics : impact on teaching and learning jt head new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
high peak and average power all-solid-state laser systems for airborne lidar applications g ehret hh klingenberg u hefter a assion a fix laseropto-stuttgart - 2000.0 
recognitionand interpretationof parametric gesture ad wilson af bobick proc . int . conf . comp . vis  
comparative analysis of five xml languages a bonifati s ceri sigmod record  
consultation through action learning l beaty new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
a fast version of the atros system . d llorens f casacuberta e segarra mj castro ja procs .  
electric shock part ii : nature and mechanisms of injury r fish journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
retention of urethrovesical foreign bodies : case report and literature review p walsh m moustafa journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
a memory-based approach to anti-spam filtering g sakkis   
constitutional limitations and public deficits : evidence from the us states h bohn   
making information sources available for a new market in an electronic commerce environment s pulkowski   
541.201 ( b ) 68 fed pwc regulations reg .  
qualitative distances d hernandez e clementini p di felice lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
userâ ?? s guide for npsol ( version 4.0 ) : a fortran package for linear programming pe gill w murray ma saunders mh wright  1986.0 
the removal of gallstones by ether solution jw walker lancet i  
d marwood . real time groupware as a distributed system : concurrency control and its effect on the s grcenberk proc of acm conf on  
experiments with a deductive question-answering system dh fishman & hellip ; of massachusetts coins technical report 74c-10 december  
play architecture u plug microsoft  
microarchitecture evaluation with floorplanning and interconnect pipelining a jagannathan hh yang k konigsfeld d milliron   
clinical spectrum of familial hibernian fever : a 14-year follow-up study of the index case and em mcdermott dm smillie rj powell mayo clinic proceedings 1997.0 
ketamine administration during waking increases delta eeg intensity in rat sleep i feinberg ig campbell neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
an in-vitro immunological assay for diagnosis of coeliac disease a ashkenazi d idar zt handzel m ofarim s levin lancet i 1978.0 
clamping : a method of antialiasing textured surfaces by bandwidth limiting in object space a norton ap rockwood pt skolmoski acm siggraph computer graphics 1982.0 
business - an end-user oriented application development language pb miller s tetelbaum kn webb sigmod record 1981.0 
toward a theory of phonological process in first and second language learning . d oller western conference of linguistics seattle washington  
optimizing queries across diverse data sources lm hass d kossmann el wimmers j yang l raschid proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference athens greece acm & hellip ;  
the small gtp-binding protein rho1 is a multifunctional protein that regulates actin localization k nakano r arai i mabuchi genes to cells 1997.0 
comparative analysis of six xml schema languages . cf d lee w chu   
data base of the electricity module of midas p capros national technical university of athens athens greece  
recurrent neural networks for blind separation of sources s amari a cichocki hh yang proc . int . symp . nolta 1995.0 
entropy of the sum of independent bernoulli random variables and of the multinoial distribution la shepp i olkin technical report 131 department of statistics stanford  
enhancing adult learning through interdisciplinary studies dw ntiri ra schindler s henry new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
running an effective help desk : planning implementing marketing automating improving c barbara  1994.0 
inheritance and persistence in database programming languages p buneman m atkinson proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1986.0 
sql table function open architecture and data access middleware h pirahesh b reinwald  1998.0 
fast algebraic attacks on stream ciphers with linear feedback n courtois   
combatting and equalizing the effects of pmd in 40 gb/s systems and beyond r noã ©   
inside microsoft windows ce j murray  1998.0 
bernhard â ?? the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectanglesâ ?? n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of  
evaluating refined queries in top-k retrieval systems k chakrabarti ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
database sampling with functional dependencies j bisbal j grimson information & software technology 2001.0 
growth and enhancement of the agarophyte gracilaria ( florideophyceae ) rg saunders jg lindsay proc . int . seaweed . symp  
forest-based statistical sentence generation i langkilde   
aves swell and northern lesser antilles ridge : rock-dredging results from arcante 3 cruise p bouysse p andreieff m richard jc baubron a see mascle  
abstract interpretation p cousot acm computing surveys ( csur ) 1996.0 
assessment of the environmental impact from the construction of a dam and a reservoir s floras d pateras s raptis demonstration case study ( ref : 639620 ) [ http://ewse . ceo . org  
a precise definition of basic relational notions and of the relational algebra a pirotte acm sigmod record 1982.0 
due diligenceâ ?? why it needs to be involved before a merger k melymuka computerworld  
on secure scalar product computation for privacy-preserving data mining b goethals s laur h lipmaa   
integrating web usage and content mining for more effective personalization b mobasher h dai t luo y sun j zhu lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
herman l. a standard for multimedia middleware dj duke proceedings of acm multimedia  
cricothyrotomy technique : standard versus the rapid four step technique jc digiacomo ld angus bj gelfand gw shaftan journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
comparing state repression of pro-state vigilantes and anti-state insurgents : northern ireland 1972 rw white mobilization-san diego - 1999.0 
the bucky object-relational benchmark ( experience paper ) mj carey dj dewitt jf naughton m asgarian p sigmod conference  
computing queries from derived relations hz yang pã ? larson eleventh international conference on vldb stockholm  
racial and ethnic identity and development af chavez f guido-dibrito new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
modeling cognition with software agents s franklin a graesser   
maids : mining alarming incidents from data streams yd cai d clutter g pape j han m welge l auvil proceedings of the 23rd acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
defects obtained by al $ sup + $ ion bombardment of polycrystalline aluminium samples . mo ruault b jouffrey p joyes phil . mag 1972.0 
distributed music trioâ ?? media synchronization over wide area networks j escobar proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
webview materialization a labrinidis n roussopoulos   
improved algorithm for the deinterleaving of radar pulses dj milojevic bm popovic iee proceedings 1992.0 
autonomic computing for pervasive ictâ ?? a whole-system perspective m shackleton f saffre r tateson e bonsma c bt technology journal 2004.0 
a history of system r and sql/data system d chamberiin a gilbert r yost proc . 7th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
java for 3d and vrml worlds r lea k matsuda k miyashita  1996.0 
semantic b2b integration : issues in ontology-based approaches d jones sigmod record 2002.0 
andd . schneider . anevaluationofnon-equijoinalgorithms d dewitt j naughton proc . int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )  
time-domain electromagnetics and its applications cl bennett gf ross ieee proceedings 1978.0 
a majority consensus approach to concurrency control rh thomas acm trans . database systems  
the rise and fall of festivals ; reflections on the salzburg festival bs frey   
simultaneous quantification of dna and rna in tissue sections . a comparative analysis of the methyl ekw schulte ho lyon pe hoyer the histochemical journal 1992.0 
what is a database jk lyon acm sigmod record 1973.0 
atm over adsl probe in telecom italia environment s milanovic a maglianella computer networks 2000.0 
principles of medicinal chemistry 4th ed. ; williams & wilkins : baltimore wo foye tl lemke md  
geologic map of the goleta quadrangle tw dibblee jr santa barbara county california : santa barbara california & hellip ;  
a resource class independent deadlock detection algorithm c beeri r obermarck vldb  
materialization of functions in object bases a kemper c kilger g moerkotte proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
print issn : 0004-9190 online issn : 1467-8470 frequency : three times a year current volume : 42 em alerts s index s index   
dopamine for prevention of morbidity and mortality in term newborn infants with suspected perinatal r hunt d osborn cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
vizard -- an innovative tool for video navigation retrieval and editing h rehatschek g kienast proceedings of the 23rd workshop of pva &#39; multimedia and  
dynamics of home range and movements of adult black bears in northeastern pennsylvania gl alt g matula f alt j lindzey international conference on bear research and management  
cultural norms affect oral communication in the classroom e johnson new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
the cost-of-knowledge characteristic function : display evaluation for direct-walk dynamic sk card p pirolli jd mackinlay   
expression of aberrant messenger rna during oxidative stress in the mouse brain : transcription jk cui pk liu  2001.0 
gr and slavin w. : 1983 e pruszkowska dc manning gr carnrick at spectrosc  
on k-anonymity and the curse of dimensionality cc aggarwal proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
integrity and correspondence in manam double reduplication e buckley proceedings of nels  
fast algorithms for maintaining replica consistency in lazy master replicated databases e pacitti p minet e simon vldb 1999.0 
correlates of job satisfaction : some evidence from the national surveys cn weaver the academy of management journal 1974.0 
get to telework . j halpin pc magazine  
chemistry of chemical vapor deposition of silicon y shimogaki h komiyama proceedings of 11th international conference on c < d  
context for semantic metadata k haase proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
efficient transient simulation oflossyinterconnect js roychowdhury do pederson proc . 28th acmieee design automation conf. june  
mit research laboratory of electronics sh wemple massachusetts institute of technology technical  
control of locked mode position in rfx g chitarin r piovan p sonato g zollino proceedings of the 25â ?? â ?? eps conference on plasma physics & hellip ;  
the media gateway architecture : a prototype for active services e amir s mccanne r katz proceedings of acm  
on non-z ( mod k ) dominating sets y caro ms jacobson   
on finding primal { and dual { optimal bases . rj 6328 ( 61997 ) n megiddo ibm almaden research center san jose california  
the next 10,000 ~ 2 years : part ii t lewis ieee computer  
causality filters : a tool for the online visualization and steering of parallel and distributed e kraemer   
building community capacity rj chaskin p brown sa venkatesh a vidal  2001.0 
flow cytometry : a clinical test of platelet function ad michelson blood-new york - 1996.0 
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems y beverly gm hector technical report stanford university stanford  
delivering high availability for inktomi search engines ea brewer sigmod conference 1998.0 
networks made easy . l freed pc magazine  
internet traffic warehouse cm chen m cochinwala c petrone m pucci s acm sigmod record 2000.0 
efficient concurrency control for bdisks environments a nithrakashyap r sivasankaran k ramamritham proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data  
implementation intentions and effective goal pursuit pm gollwitzer v brandstaetter journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
mining generalized association rules ; proceedings of the 21 r srikant r agrawal vldb  
predicting accuracy of extracting information from unstructured text collections e agichtein s cucerzan proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
david bell p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
the comparative efficiency of small-firm bankruptcies : a study of the us and finnish bankruptcy sa ravid s sundgren financial management 1998.0 
censor chair : exploring censorship and social presence through psychophysiological sensing e aley t cooper r graeber a kerne k overby zo proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
1.0 : userâ ?? s manual ck simulator  1995.0 
part-time faculty : why should we care ? mm nutting new directions for higher education 2003.0 
chickpea improvement in tunisia m bouslama proc int workshop chickpea improv  
a poore jh '' statistical testing for cleanroom software engineering '' j whittaker proceedings of the 25 thhawai international conference on  
the underlying logic of literacy development e ferreiro awakening to literacy 1984.0 
prefix ã ¿ â ¡ trees r bayer k unterauer acm transactions on database systems  
remote sensing using quartz sensors t sachs r groã?mann j michel e schrã 1/4 fer proc . spie 1996.0 
underutilized crops : trends challenges and opportunities in the 21st century s padulosi t hodgkin jt williams n haq see ref  
virtual book reports nl everhart electronic school  
r. and gerritsen r. extended semantics for generalization hierarchies lgi lee proc . acm-sigmod conference  
presentation time to antibiotics and mortality of patients with bacterial meningitis at an urban jr miner w heegaard a mapes m biros journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
individualism and collectivism : cross-cultural perspectives on self-ingroup relationships hc triandis r bontempo mj villareal m asai n journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
biochemistry and physiology of herbicide action c fedtke  1982.0 
5.0 documentation . component tools guide v basic  1997.0 
setting the climate for effective teaching and learning . br sisco new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
complete arcs in pg ( 2 25 ) : the spectrum of the sizes and the classification of the smallest s marcugini a milani f pambianco   
construction of bent functions via niho power functions h dobbertin g leander a canteaut c carlet p   
on closed form solutions for pricing options with jumping volatility r tompkins f hubalek unpublished paper : technical university vienna  
using assessment as a basis for the articulation of transfer students . jl ratcliff new directions for higher education 1992.0 
energy-controlled p systems r freund lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
on the complexity of the view-selection problem h karloff m mihail proceedings of the eighteenth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ; 1999.0 
an overview of the real-time corba specification c douglas f kuhns   
the multidimensional database system rasdaman p baumann a dehmel p furtado r ritsch n   
m. and widoff s. : dynamic service matchmaking among agents in open information environments k sycara k lu journal acm sigmod record special issue on semantic  
equivalence between frã $ ä ± sseâ ?? s conjecture and jullienâ ?? s theorem a montalban submitted for  
harold monro cn pondrom wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
analytical processing of xml documents : opportunities and challenges rr bordawekar ca lang sigmod record 2005.0 
toxic contaminants in puget sound wildlife j calambokidis jb buchanan gh steiger jr us environmental protection agency seattle washington  
the culture of narcissism c lasch   
pub . l. rev. 185 ( 1992 ) . 19 . 29 uscâ § 793 ; 41 cfrâ § 60â ?? 741.1 ( 2000 ) . 20 u st louis   
refactoring for generalization using type constraints f tip a kiezun d baumer   
task decomposition and dynamic role assignment for real-time strategic teamwork p stone m veloso lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
adaptive dissemination of data in real-time asymmetric communication environments j fernanadez k ramamritham technical report computer science dept. university of  
impairment of the perception of second order motion but not first order motion in a patient with lm vaina a cowey proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
the simulation of a two-cycle crankcase scavenged spark ignition engine on a digital computer and rb krieger  1968.0 
optimization of the tractive performance of four-wheel-drive tractors : theoretical analysis and jy wong nb mclaughlin z knezevic s burtt proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1998.0 
wrapper generation for semi-structured information sources n asish c knoblock acm sigmod  
recent bt patents cs ormston bt technology journal 2004.0 
sunday observer 18 may 2003 j burke   
improving smart card security using self-timed circuits s moore r anderson p cunningham r mullins g proceedings async 2002.0 
special section on electronic commerce a dogac acm sigmod record  
andprabhakarraghavan . automaticsubspaceclusteringof highdimensional data for data mining jg rakeshagrawal d gunopolos acm sigmod conference  
evolutionary stability and media of exchange r sethi unpublished manuscript 1996.0 
fundamental limits and tradeoffs of providing deterministic guarantees to vbr video trac ew knightly d wrege j liebeherr h zhang proceedings of acm sigmetrics 1995.0 
architectures for internal web services deployment s oded  2001.0 
paradoxical embolism-report of a case involving four organ systems ma islam k khalighi je goldstein j raso journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
disulfido metal carbonyl complexes containing manganese . rd adams os kwon s miao acc . chem . res 2005.0 
the scholarship of teaching and its implementation in faculty development and graduate education c kreber new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
improvements of the different types of binary and real coded genetic algorithms preventing the o hrstka a kucerova submitted for publication 2001.0 
human factors and typography for more readable programs rm baecker a marcus acm  
on edgeworth expansions and the bootstrap pj bickel da freedman unpublished manuscript  
concurrency control performance modeling : alternatives and implications . acm trans . database syst . r araival mj carey m livny acm trans . database syst  
time constrained allocation and assignment techniques for high throughput signal processing w geurts f catthoor h de man l imec design automation conference 1992 . proceedings. 29th acm / & hellip ; 1992.0 
companies donâ ?? t learn from previous it snafus ks nash computerworld  
video cubism a klein p sloan a colburn a finkelstein m technical report msr-tr-2001-45 microsoft research technical  
wang tiles for image and texture generation mf cohen j shade s hiller o deussen acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 2003.0 
data from the drug abuse warning network a data series i number  
the reduction of intergroup tensions : a survey of research on problems of ethnic racial and rm williams  1947.0 
personal communication . study on file with fda rockville k reali md  
virtual showcases-presenting european cultural heritage j voskamp s mader proceedings of acm siggraph  
semantics and in-context peer-to-peer information filtering and model calibration on the web am ouksel workshop on semantic web technologies for searching and & hellip ;  
extensible mpeg-4 textual format kmwsc lt proc . acm multimedia  
a ( 1994 ) : automated grading assistance for student programs ( panel presentation ) dg kay pc isaacson ta scott k reek proceedings of the 25 thsigcse technical  
spectral analysis of heart rate without resampling gb moody time  
generalized entropy functions and bregman divergence ap dawid unpublished manuscript  
divergence between archival and perceptual measures of the environment : causes and consequences bk boyd gg dess ama rasheed the academy of management review 1993.0 
net partitions yield better module partitions j gong l hagen a kahng proc . of 29th design au-tomation gonf  
ski : a semantics-knowledgeable interface r king s melville vldb 1984.0 
algorithms for parameter estimation in dynamic tracer studies using positron-emission tomography jm ollinger  1986.0 
catalysis of atomic hydrogen to novel hydrogen species hâ ?? 1/4 ( ) and h 2 1/4 ( ) as a new power r mills j he z chang w good y lu b dhandapani   
childbearing attitudes and intentions demographic and health surveys comparative studies no. 17 a bankole cf westoff md  
semantics-based time warp protocols hv leong d agrawal   
towards adaptive workflow systems : cscw-98 workshop report a bernstein c dellarocas m klein acm siggroup bulletin 1999.0 
leaf isozymes as genetic markers in citrus rk soost am torres proc . int . soc . citricult  
karmen 2 : a new precision in the search for neutrino oscillations j kleinfeller b armbruster m becker a benen g   
multilingual web sites promise big payoffs . a hickman c levin pc magazine online  
supporting a community of practice : the role of workers as learners m de laat f de jong j ter huurne   
inverted files versus signature files for text indexing j zobel a moffat k ramamohanarao acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 
equivalent pore modeling : vesicles and channels ae taylor dn granger fed proc 1983.0 
geranylgeranylacetone induces heat shock protein-73 in rat small intestine t tsuruma a yagihashi s koide j araya k tarumi transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
software technologies created in japan t takeshita information and software technology 1996.0 
marginal consciousness p. 56 a gurwitsch   
managerial optimism and corporate finance jb heaton   
formal specification of design pattern combination using bpsl . t taibi dcl ngo information & software technology 2003.0 
birdweb and birds of washington maps k cassidy seattle audubon society seattle washington . online version & hellip ;  
x and zhou l scheduling all-to-all connections in wdm rings cz qiao proc . int . soc . opt . eng  
aml-1 a target of multiple chromosomal translocations in acute leukemia interacts with msin3 and b lutterbach jj westendorf b linggi e seto sw submitted for  
the farm crisis and mental health : a longitudinal ( 1981 1986 1989 ) and comparative study of the p beeson d johnson s ortega unpublished manuscript  
the impact of training employees of a formal wear company in the sale of wedding stationery dl jeranek  2000.0 
strategic decision processes : comprehensiveness and performance in an industry with an unstable jw fredrickson tr mitchell the academy of management journal 1984.0 
culture : coherent or incoherent nj smelser see ref  
the mccormack institute rl woodbury new directions for higher education 2000.0 
a performance analysis of the gamma database machine dj dewitt s ghandeharizadeh da schneider   
multiple implementation of a type clu design note 53 b liskov  1975.0 
difference equations re mickens   
poisson image editing p pã © rez m gangnet a blake acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 2003.0 
mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables r agrawal r srikant  1996.0 
random access file organization for indirectly accessed records ca olsen proceedings 1969 acm 24th national  
new design methods for modified reference adaptive control for nonminimum phase systems with j lu y yahai proceedings of the iee d. control theory and applications  
a ~ d daya m. the role concept in data models cw bachman proceedings third international conference on very large & hellip ;  
bladder training for urinary incontinence in adults sa wallace b roe k williams m palmer cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
towards an infrastructure for temporal databases-a workshop report n pissinoti sigmod record 1994.0 
fire history of the pinyon-juniper woodlands of great basin national park . usdi national park ge gruell le eddleman r jaindl pacific northwest region seattle washington  
physical impacts of explosions on marine mammals and turtles . appendix d final environmental impact jc craig jr md  
peoplesoft speeds erp installations upgrades c stedman computerworld  
biogas production heat recovery and simultaneous anaerobic treatment of brewery wastewater . m eeckhaut k putteman p pipyn j toye & hellip ; of research and demonstration projects . elsevier applied & hellip ; 1987.0 
validation-directed specification of communications systems r probert k saleh y hua-long information and software technology 1995.0 
c k-analysis of subdivision surfaces at extraordinary points h prautzsch   
weakened paraelectricity at very low temperatures k knop & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1974.0 
linking departmental and institutional mission jk haynes new directions for higher education 2002.0 
structures semantics and statistics a halevy   
discussing aspects of aop t elrad m aksit g kiczales k lieberherr h communications-acm 2001.0 
shape contexts enable efficient retrieval of similar shapes g mori s belongie j malik   
effect of resource contention on distributed database systems k lam s hung information and software technology 1993.0 
the north american breeding bird survey results and analysis . version 96.3 patuxent wildlife jr sauer je hines   
extinction weak extinction and persistence in a discrete competitive lotka-volterra model dm chan je franke applied mathematics and computer science 2000.0 
gestion des populations dâ ?? auxiliaires : recolonisation naturelle ou introduction de phytoseudes en s kreiter g sentenac proceedings of national conference journee dâ ?? informations & hellip ;  
are speech recognisers still 98 accurate or has the time come to repeal ` hyde 's law ' ? rd johnston bt technology journal 1996.0 
distributed database management jb rothnie vldb 1978.0 
service level agreements : keeping a rein on expectations j hathaway proceedings of the 23rd annual acm siguccs conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
aggregate-query processing in data warehousing environments ag ghqw v harinarayan d quass proc . of the 21st vldb co @ zurich switzerland  
02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 1999 ma cambridge   
security for service discovery c cap s preuss i sedov h buchholz  2002.0 
implementation of web-based event-driven activity execution in capbased-ams pck hung k karlapalem   
the company as family no more nr kleinfield new york times  
tribal colleges as community institutions and resources af cunningham c parker new directions for higher education 1998.0 
biochemical tests ibr the identification of medical bacteria . williams and witkins baltimore jf mcfaddin md  
graphics boom affecting mis . d friend computerworld. 1985.0 
neurobiol . 9 329 ( 1978 ) ] j joyner   
structure and function of nucleic acids as cell constituents e chargaff fed . proc 1951.0 
teaching global studies in elementary school : an eric/chess sample . vj schlene social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
stopover behaviour and departure decision of northern wheatears oenanthe oenanthe facing different v dierschke j delingat behavioral ecology and sociobiology 2001.0 
incremental online and merge mining of partial periodic patterns in time-series databases mg elfeky   
the university without walls ( uww ) program at loretto heights college : individualization for adults . e greenberg new directions for higher education 1980.0 
analysis of the clustering properties of hilbert space-filling curve university of maryland at b moon hv jagadish c faloutsos jh saltz md  
an empirical study of epidemic algorithms in large scale multihop wireless networks d ganesan b krishnamachari a woo d culler d   
analyzing quantitative databases : image is everything a amir r kashi ns netanyahu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
the plastic deformation of polycrystalline aggregates r armstrong i codd rm douthwaite nj petch phil . mag  
college teaching : an art or a science ? ja centra p bonesteel new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
on the identification of categories and choices for specification-based test case generation ty chen pl poon sf tang th tse information and software technology 2004.0 
language : english document type : editorial doi : 10.1016 / s1389-1286 ( 03 ) 00201-9 if akyildiz h rudin computer networks 2003.0 
thermal spread in a pyroelectric vidicon with a pressed contact target interface rm logan & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
two-year results of a program to reduce poverty and reform welfare jm bos ac huston rc granger gj duncan tw brock new york : manpower demonstration research . corp. brown l. & hellip ;  
web serverworkloadcharacterization : the searchfor invariants mf arlitt cl williamson proc . of acm  
at acm symp . theory of computing e bernstein u vazirani  1993.0 
the use of conventional pulped wood fibres as reinforcement in composites e sjã ¶ holm f berthold ek gamstedt c neagu m proceedings of the 23rd risã ¸ international symposium on & hellip ;  
active measurement for multiple link failures diagnosis in ip networks hx nguyen p thiran lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
computer viruses : ways of reproduction in ms-dos . ej lemer si shoutkov av spesivtsev proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ; 1991.0 
variational principles for problems with linear constraints i herrera university of  
osteosarcoma from intravenous beryllium compounds in rabbits lu gardner hf heslington fed proc  
on-line service adaptation for mobile and fixed terminal devices proc . of the 2nd int j korva j plomp p mã $ ã $ ttã $ m metso conf . on mobile data management ( mdm 2001 ) hong kong  
grid data management systems & services a jagatheesan r moore proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
pitt ha iron deficiency alters sphincter of oddi motility kp murray hs kaufman mk fox-talbot kd lillemoe submitted for  
induction of islet transplantation tolerance using donor specific transfusion and anti-cd154 aa rossini jp mordes tg markees ne phillips ej transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
concept redundancy in organizational research : the case of work commitment pc morrow the academy of management review 1983.0 
t.â ?? data warehouse configurationâ ?? ds theodoratos proc . 23 rdvldb conference greece  
pursuing the ph. d. in the sciences and engineering : trends and observations re salters new directions for higher education 1997.0 
the pointcast network ( abstract ) s ramakrishnan v dayal acm sigmod record 1998.0 
interactive collaborative media environments dm traill jd bowshill pj lawrence bt technology journal 1997.0 
others when financial incentives encourage work : complete 18-month findings from the self - w lin pk robins d card k harknett s lui-gurr  1998.0 
certifying off-the-shelf software components jm voas ieee computer 1998.0 
continuum of complexity m franklin proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
the relational and network approaches cj date ef codd proc . acm sigmod workshop on data description access and  
safe stratified datalog with integer order programs pz revesz   
inside dynamic html s isaacs  1997.0 
institutional improvement and motivated faculty : a case study dw farmer new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
the usage of systems development methods : are we stuck to old practices ? a giorgio l tarantino n mariniello g de stefano information and software technology 1998.0 
a variable energy electron microbeam : a unique modality for targeted low-let radiation mb sowa resat ga kimmel le kathmann ba holben  2004.0 
episode matching g das r fleischer l gasieniec d gunopulos j lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
investigations on the establishment of dgps services in china c peng-fei technical university of graz  
aortic dissection and turner 's syndrome : case report and review of the literature-new aspects of l bordeleau a cwinn m turek k barron-klauninger journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
a current model of population dynamics in red grouse a watson r moss proc . int . ornothol . congr. 15th  
evaluating weak memories with maya d agrawal m choy hv leong ak singh  1994.0 
alcohol-related seizures part ii : clinical presentation and management es freedland db mcmicken journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
evolutionary learning of a fuzzy control rule base for an autonomous vehicle f homann g pster   
a geometry-based soft shadow volume algorithm on graphics hardware u assarsson t akenine-moller proceedings of acm  
document management : the painful transition g berline l grunin pc magazine 1993.0 
open stope cavity monitoring for the control of dilution and ore loss ap jarosz l shepherd   
j. grandbois m. jou n. mattos b. tran and y. wang . high level indexing of userâ ?? defined types w chen j chow y fuh 25th vldb conference  
æ ¶ ? æ ?? å · ¥ è?º ( ç ¬ ¬ å?å ?? ) . å ?? äº ¬ : å ?? å ¦ å · ¥ ä ¸ ? å?ºé ¡ ºç $ 3/4 é © ¬ åº?æ ??   
nist net-a linux-based network emulation tool m carson d santay   
some thoughts on emulating jitter for user experience trials g armitage l stewart proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ; 2004.0 
towards a reduces commitment j chen k vijay-shanker d-theory style tag parser . '' in proceedings of the & hellip ;  
national water research institute canada rc murthy & hellip ; coastal management of mumbai ( bombay ) india : a coastal city & hellip ;  
a second opinion on data flow machines and languages d gajski da padua dj kuck rh kuhn ieee computer  
m and franklin ad 1965 im boswarva phil . mag  
the importance of long-range dependence of vbr traffic in atm traffic engineering : myths and bk ryu a elwalid proc . acm sigcomm  
the evolution of cscw : past present and future development d crow s parsowith gb wise acm sigchi bulletin 1997.0 
prototyping people and a culture of innovation pm hughes g cosier bt technology journal 2001.0 
the laptop initiative in the graphic communications management program at the university of bp klinger  2004.0 
permutation groups ds passman  1968.0 
likableness ratings of 555 personality-trait words nh anderson journal of personality and social psychology 1968.0 
laser welding thin sheets for car body structures m cantello sl gobbi jf flavenot a diboine & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
xml programming 2002 ra wyke b leupen s rehman microsoft  
sparsity structure and gaussian elimination is duff am erisman cw gear jk reid acm signum newsletter 1988.0 
friction-induced torsional vibrations in an experimental drill-string system n mihajlovic aa van veggel n van de wouw h   
quality-of-service differentiation in an integrated services gsm/gprs network r litjens rj boucherie submitted for  
optimizing for parallelism and data locality k kennedy ks mckinley proceedings of the 6th international conference on & hellip ; 1992.0 
special section on advanced xml data processing : preservation of digital data with self-validating b ludasher r marciano r moore acm sigmod record september  
efficient construction of regression trees with range and region splitting m yasuhiko i hiromu m shinichi proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference 1997.0 
r. rakhlin a. and verri a. : 2001 â ?? t poggio sr mukherjee bâ ?? . technical report ai memo 2001-011 massachusetts institute  
a graph-oriented object model fro database end-user interfaces '' m gyssens j paredaens d van gucht proceedings of the acm-sigmod conf . on management of data  
twisted orbifold k-theory preprint math a adem y ruan   
achieving robustness in distributed database systems dl eager kc sevcik acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
electrooptic and photorefractive effects in knbo3 p guenter & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1976.0 
computer establishment . kd fishman computerworld. 1981.0 
advanced mmi/mp for demo iii xuvs sb balakirsky mj salonish sd allen e messina j   
modelling market-based decentralised management systems pj kearney w merlat bt technology journal 1999.0 
sleep deprivation : effects on work capacity self-paced walking contractile properties and cd rodgers dh paterson da cunningham eg noble sleep-new york - 1995.0 
interactive error repair for an online handwriting interface [ a ] h wolfgang j yang proceedings of acm  
final report on a demonstration project at madison wisconsin to investigate milling of solid wastes jj reinhardt rk ham final report on work performed under demonstration grant & hellip ;  
computer technology and collaborative learning p sullivan new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
ditching the commute k girard computerworld  
temporal databases rt snodgrass   
face-to-face with peer-to-peer networking d clark   
similarity flooding : a versatile graph match algorithm s melnik h garcia-molina e rahm technical report university of stanford  
the real costs of pcs p strassman   
gender inequalities in the labor market in turkey : differentials in wages industrial & occupational r selim ä ° ä ° lkkaracan   
introduction to thermodynamics of irreversible processes . i prigogine   
linear prediction - a tutorial review ( time series signal analysis ) j makhoul ieee proceedings 1975.0 
concurring 121 s j scalia ct. .  
the technological framework for library planning in the next decade . ca lynch new directions for higher education 1995.0 
self-regulatory mechanisms governing the impact of social comparison on complex decision making a bandura fj jourden journal of personality and social psychology  
difficulties confronting young children undertaking investigations j watters l english   
the coalescent . stoch jfc kingman proc . appl  
strip speed measurement using distributed infra-red detectors em deeley   
studies of ice by means of radio echo sounding pe gudmandsen  1976.0 
towards an odmg-compliant visual object query language m chavda pt wood vldb 1997.0 
toward completeness of temporal databases sk gadia unpublished  
the climate change footprint : will we see it before it is upon us ? dl kelly cd kolstad  1996.0 
lusternik-schnirelman theory and dynamics available as math m farber   
high-pressure homogeniser valve mechanics . chemecaâ ?? 95 ar kleinig bh ide apj middelberg proceedings of the 23rd australian chemical engineering & hellip ;  
floridaâ ?? s bicycle helmet law and a bicycle safety educational program : did they help st borglund js hayes jm eckes journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
clinical gynecologic endocrinology and infertility 3rd ed. williams and wilkins baltimore l speroff rh glass ng kase md  
quality-driven integration of heterogeneous information systems f naumann u leser jc freytag proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
testing in the schools : individualized intelligence tests and curriculum based measurement kl emery  2003.0 
poisoning of hydrogen dissociation at pd ( 100 ) by adsorbed sulfur studied by ab initio quantum a gross cm wei m scheffler   
the indiana center for database systems j copler acm sigmod record 1991.0 
knowledge sharing over p2p knowledge networks : a peer ontology and semantic overlay driven approach ssr abidi x pang   
mortality from malignant neoplasms in greece 1960-1985 k katsouyanni m kogevinas n dontas p athens greece : greek cancer society  
a unified classification system for research in the computing disciplines i vessey v ramesh rl glass information and software technology 2005.0 
h 2 o 2 in co 2 : sustainable production and green reactions d hã cents ncu acc . chem . res 2002.0 
program analysis via graph reachability . information and software technology t reps information and software  
common object file format specification 4.1 p executable  1994.0 
ibm 8265 atm backbone switch hardware architecture h alaiwan computer networks 1999.0 
combining trust region and line search techniques j nocedal y yuan   
treatment discontinuation with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( ssris ) versus tricyclic c barbui m hotopf n freemantle j boynton r cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
withdrawal fees any partial withdrawal fees or surrender charges must be set forth on the s charges   
let 's agree to disagree s nejati m chechik proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
central administration å ? decentralization â ?? s gl public administration in greece sakkoula publ. athens - & hellip ;  
from particles to fluid r esposito m pulvirenti to  
design with digital tools mcgraw hill 2000 m von wodtke   
the california gap analysis project fw davis dm stoms ad hollander ka thomas pa & hellip ; report ( university of california santa barbara california & hellip ;  
will 3g networks be the next big wireless technology ? l garber ieee computer  
modelling the competence of case-bases b smyth e mckenna lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
paleoseismology : academic press jp mccalpin san diego 588pp  
asf : a practical simulation-based methodology for the synthesis of custom analog circuits k mj r phelps jr hellums ra rutenbar lr carley proc . acm . ieee iccad  
chromosome studies on salmonidae g svaerdson  1945.0 
fuzzy queries in multimedia database systems r fagin   
building opportunities enforcing obligations . implementation and interim impacts of parents ' fair fc doolittle  1998.0 
campusworld and bt 's on-line education service pc leveridge bt technology journal 1997.0 
a framework for using action technologies . ke watkins a brooks new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
effects of gender and cooperative-versus-individual performance contingent reward on intrinsic r eisenberger unpublished manuscript  
collective self-esteem and ingroup bias j crocker r luhtanen journal of personality and social psychology  
improved fast correlation attacks using parity-check equations of weight 4 and 5 a canteaut m trabbia lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
amygdala and the memory of reward d gaffan see aggleton  
congruence primes for cusp forms of weight kâ ? ¥ 2 f diamond to  
hot mix asphalt materials mixture design and construction napa research and education foundation fl roberts ps kandhal er brown dy lee tw md  
resources on instructional consultation s piccinin c knapper new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
truth and approximate truth in metric spaces ce ortiz  1997.0 
collaborative browsing and visualization of the search process mb twidale dm nichols elvira-proceedings - 1996.0 
a riemann problem for an elastic bar that changes phase y lin  1992.0 
detection of moving objects using a robust displacement estimation including a statistical error m hã ¶ tter r mester m meyer proc . int . conf . pattern recognition  
model checking-timed uml state machines and collaborations a knapp s merz c rauh lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
survival of some intestinal pathogens in the marine environment . d fuks  1991.0 
exploiting partial operand knowledge br mestan  2002.0 
the role of women in african music education jn mokwunyei proceedings of the 23rd international society for music & hellip ;  
comparing the performance of distributed hash tables under churn j li j stribling tm gil r morris f kaashoek   
an evaluation of two metaphors for the presentation of electronic news . accepted for c watters m shepherd l manchester t chaisson  1997.0 
tfc tfc 1996 f falconer ds ds m mackay introduction to quantitative  
semantic heterogeneity as a result of domain evolution v ventrone acm sigmod record 1991.0 
identifying the set of always-active constraints in a system of linear inequalities by a single rm frt rr freund t mj technical report sloan school of management massachusetts  
a scalable soft spot analysis methodology for compound noise effects in nano-meter circuits c zhao x bai s dey   
optimization of slice models mm voelker  2002.0 
s. andreev aa and tschirner nu 1982 a skal phil . mag  
finite volume methods for acoustics and elasto-plasticity with damage in a heterogeneous medium t fogarty phd thesis university of washington seattle washington  
papakonstantinou . describing andusingquerycapabilities ofheterogeneous sources v vassalosandy proceedings of international conference on very large  
theta functions on riemann surfaces jd fay  1973.0 
ediâ ?? s move to prime time stalled by cost perception s mohan computerworld  
1.6 . ( 1999 ) vp vap switzerland : zurich . institute of structural engineering  
the risam storage manager for parallel architectures a tulshibagwale s parikh s mahajan t tambay kc parallel and distributed information systems 1994. & hellip ;  
the csne ' ! ` name mrver . m solomon l landweber d neuhengen computer networks  
culture traits strength and organizational performance : moving beyond '' strong '' culture gs saffold iii the academy of management review 1988.0 
videotape and the attribution process : reversing actorsâ ?? and observersâ ?? points of view md storms journal of personality and social psychology 1973.0 
a model of the boundary between theâ ?? x and z growth sectors in synthetic quartz dy parpia phil . mag  
organizational characteristics and information systems : an exploratory investigation ph cheney gw dickson the academy of management journal 1982.0 
qyanslation by qua . stlogical form transfer ' h aishawi d carter m rayner proc . of 29th a cl  
pleistocene phylogeographic effects on avian populations and the speciation process jc avise d walker proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
discovering columbus : classroom activities . r moulden social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
cognitive processes in the revision of stereotypic beliefs r weber j crocker journal of personality and social psychology  
outsourcing ? forget all the expertsâ ?? buzzwords t hoffman computerworld  
culture and climate 1 : invastigating aspects of organizational and care culture by the use of a sarvimaeki ss benkoe vard i norden 1998.0 
global positioning system for mobile robots with distributed sensors jh lee h hashimoto proc . int . conf . iros  
intention-based home video browsing t mei xs hua proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
separated at birth : the shared lineage of research on conceptual change and persuasion bs woods pk murphy international journal of educational research 2001.0 
on the tails of the distribution of the maximum of a gaussian process jm bardet m wschebor  2000.0 
modeling the cosmos : the shape of the universe keynote address a lasenby siggraph san diego  
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource bt technology journal p muschamp j hill bt technology journal 2004.0 
taylor editors fh lochovsky & hellip ; very large data bases : reprinted from very large data bases  
netbook-knowledge based support for readers and writers d shasha proceedings of vldb  
pc user groups reach out mk flynn pc magazine 1993.0 
leukemia in electrical workers in new zealand ne pearce ra sheppard jk howard j fraser bm lancet i 1985.0 
shallow parsing with conditional random fields f sha f pereira proceedings of hltnaacl 2003.0 
zellweger automatedtemporal layoutmechanisms m buchanan andp proceedings of acm  
the pc magazine guide to voice and data integration m dubash r goodwins a stevens pc magazine november  
random field models in earth sciences : academic press g christakos san diego ca  
extraction automatique dâ ?? associations textuelles ã ? partir de corpora non traitã?s g dias s guillorã © jgp lopes   
a new algorithm for ionospheric tomography g fehmers proc . int . beacon satellite  
work incentives and work requirements for public housing residents : issues and options . j riccio g quets unpublished paper . new york : manpower demonstration research & hellip ;  
jini home networking : a step towards pervasive computing u varshney r jain ieee computer  
spatial search for multicomponent objects in a geographic information system using symbolic models s menon  1990.0 
an information theoretic approach for shared bottleneck inference based on end-to-end measurements d katabi i bazzi x yang   
user performance considerations in dbms selection fh lochovsky dc tsichritzis proceedings of the 1977 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1977.0 
thin-lm electroluminescent displays : device characteristics and performance '' pm alt proc . sid  
collaborative intelligence-agents over the internet b porter s rangaswamy s shalabi undergraduate final year project mit laboratory of computer  
the effect of soil moisture on the uptake of herbicide by gorse a thompson proc . 28th nz weed and pest control conference  
fourierprinciples foremotion-basedhuman gureanimation m unuma k anjyo r takeuchi proceedings of acm  
build your own web site ln ulanoffâ ? ¦ pc magazine september  
optimizing indirect branch prediction accuracy in virtual machine interpreters ma ertl d gregg   
user interface design h thimbleby  1990.0 
the implication problem for unary functional dependencies in xml mw vincent j liu c liu submitted for publication  
an eclectic approach to building natural language interfaces b phillips mj freiling jh alexander sl messick proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ; 1985.0 
dscl : a data specification and conversion language for networks gm schneider proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1975.0 
the public image of a small college . r ashby new directions for higher education 1983.0 
bayes optimal metasearch : a probabilistic model for combining the results of multiple retrieval ja aslam m montague proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
history mystery : a documents-based lesson on women 's rights as libresco social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
implications of an aging faculty for the quality of higher education and academic careers . lk george i winfield-laird new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
report of thematic study d. planning and management processes : sectoral and territorial cooperation s humphrey p burbridge european demonstration programme on integrated coastal zone & hellip ;  
congestion control and avoidance v jacobson proc . acm sigcomm  
the nasa integrated vehicle health management technology experiment for x-37 m schwabacher j samuels l brownston spie proceedings series 2002.0 
requirement of runx 1/aml 1/pebp 2 alphab for the generation of haematopoietic cells from t yokomizo m ogawa m osato t kanno h yoshida genes to cells 2001.0 
schrã ¶ dinger operators : with application to quantum mechanics and global geometry hl cyconâ ? ¦  1987.0 
mining generalized association rules with fuzzy taxonomic structures q wei g chen fuzzy information processing society 1999 . nafips . 18th & hellip ; 1999.0 
seva : sensor-enhanced video annotation x liu m corner p shenoy proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
houses and settlements in byzantine greece c bouras shelter in greece architecture in greece press athens  
testing a walkthrough methodology for theory-based design of walk-up-and-use interfaces c lewis p polson c wharton j rieman proceedings of chi 1990.0 
optimizing epochal evolutionary search : population-size dependent theory e van nimwegen jp crutchfield machine learning 2001.0 
y2k : reality and myth mj miller pc magazine  
the productivity impact of information technology in the healthcare industry : an empirical study m ko k osei-bryson information and software technology  
source acm sigmod record archive c zaniolo acm sigmod record 1986.0 
access support in object bases ak km901 g moerkotte proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference. & hellip ;  
recursive definitions of partial functions and their computations jm cadiou z manna proceedings of acm conference on proving assertions about & hellip ; 1972.0 
source the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large data bases archive fj maryanski the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
the wisdom of teams : creating the high-performance organization jr katzenbach dk smith   
v. chi fp brooks jr. wv wright rs williams and ej snyder ( 1993 ) . the nanomanipulator : a virtual ii taylor wr rm proceedings of acm  
metabolism biological handbooks . federation of american societies for experimental biology pl altman ds dittmer md  
a substitution model draft for scheme : formal definitions ar meyer  1994.0 
model selection for two view geometry p torr technical report http://research . microsoft . com / - philtorr  
project 9 1997 â ?? lt twidwell m activity iii arsenic removal demonstration project â ?? work plan montana  
stereo-electron microscopy of self-ion radiation damage in aluminum single crystals e johnson y ytterhus phil . mag. 1973.0 
microsoft blows smoke just like the old ibm gn ray computerworld  
the powder metallurgy of rare earth -- cobalt permanent magnets cv sundaram ts krishnan powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ; 1980.0 
distributed transitive closure computations : the disconnection set approach vldb.org vldb 1990.0 
shoppinggardenâ ?? improving the customer experience with on-line catalogues r tateson e bonsma bt technology journal 2003.0 
topological analysis of peripherin/rds & abnormal glycosylation of the pathogenic p216l mutation . jdj wrigley cl nevett jbc findlay   
xml programming fã ¶ rlag : r wyke allen  2002.0 
raising components packaged and homegrown components must integrate tightly for component-based jd williams application development trends 2000.0 
the complete desktop studio s oppenheimer d miller d rubin g robair j electronic musician  
vhdbs : a federated database system for electronic commerce b holtkamp n weiã?enberg   
early versus late discontinuation of oxygen in preterm or low birth weight infants lm askie dj henderson-smart cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
real-time database systems : issues and approaches sh son acm sigmod  
t-ng : delivering seamless parallel computing . computation structures group memo 371 d chiouâ ? ¦ mit laboratory for computer  
the smart box concept for ubiquitous computing environments c floerkemeier m lampe t schoch submitted for  
from cml to process algebras f nielson h riis nielson lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
functional adaptations to physical activity and inactivity b saltin lb rowell fed proc 1980.0 
database activity at aberdeen university computing centre s knowles acm sigmod record 1981.0 
problemas de probabilidad y estadãstica cm cuadras vol i.  
who 's liable for insecure networks ? e kenneally   
teaching in the information age : a new look mj albright new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
political claims analysis : integrating protest event and political discourse approaches r koopmans p statham   
human brain activity during spontaneously reversing perception of ambiguous figures a kleinschmidt c buchel s zeki rsj frackowiak proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
seattle system frees courts from paper chase . js bozman computerworld. 1991.0 
recovering from main-memory lapses hv jagadish a silberschatz s sudarshan vldb 1993.0 
energy-efficient pcf operation of ieee 802.11 a wlans via transmit power control d qiao s choi a soomro kg shin computer networks 2003.0 
a quality-model-based approach for describing and evaluating software components x franch jp carvallo procs . 10 thinternational conference on requirements  
algorithms for imprecise computations jws liu kj lin wk shih ac yu jy chung w zhao ieee computer  
community screening for visual impairment in the elderly l smeeth s iliffe cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
immune neglect : a source of durability bias in affective forecasting dt gilbert ec pinel td wilson sj blumberg tp journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
seeded grasses and temporary pastures as a complement to native range for beef cattle production eh mcilvain proc . 29th annu . mtg. am . soc . of range manage. omaha ne  
automatic detection of mesocyclonic shear test results ds zrnic dw burgess y gal-chen conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
wireless access c fenton b nigeon b willis j harris bt technology journal 2000.0 
harvard business school pr e economy   
clusteringmethodsfortheanalysisofdnamicroarray data r tibshirani t hastie m eisen d ross d stanford university department of statistics technical report  
managing advanced databases : concurrency recovery and cooperation in scientific applications g alonso  1995.0 
algebraic versus probabilstic independence in data bases f bancilhon n spyratos proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
c compiler design for an industrial network processor j wagner r leupers   
the phonology and morphology of the tanacross athabaskan language g holton   
systematic analysis of structural data as a research tool in organic chemistry fh allen o kennard r taylor acc . chem . res  
dourish p. re-place-ing space : the roles of place and space in collaborative systems s harrison proc . acm cscw  
back-off smoothing in a syntactic approach to language modelling g bordel i torres e vidal proc . icslp  
developing a successful information and communication technology industry : the role of venture t vinig r blocq j braafhart o laufer   
perceptual and semantic management of sound effect p cano m koppenberger s le groux p herrera n submitted for publication  
participation of area postrema in cardiovascular control in the dog kl barnes cm ferrario cl chernicky kb brosnihan  1984.0 
tension and information systems r veryard information and software technology 1987.0 
special topic section on peer to peer data management k aberer acm sigmod record  
going electronic ? receipt of print journal issues and their electronic availability s shaffer ss berteaux b oswald   
evaluating multimedia educational software : the dast experience f albalooshi em alkhalifa & hellip ; resources management association international conference  
semantic overlay networks k aberer p cudrã © - mauroux proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
probabilistic temporal databases ii : calculus and query processing a dekhtyar   
zissimopoulos and mv koutras ( 2001 ) fault tree analysis via set cover model sv tsitmidelis eurogen 2001 athens  
analysis of n-dimensional quadtrees using the hausdorff fractal dimension c faloutsos v gaede proceedings of the 22th international conference on very & hellip ; 1996.0 
and-play ( upnp ) forum u plug   
misconceptions about real-time computing ja stankovic ieee computer  
database description with sdm : a semantic database model m hammer acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
detecting hidden messages using higher-order statistics and support vector machines s lyu h farid lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
an event/trigger mechanism to enforce complex consistency constraints in design databases kr dittrich am kotz sigmod record 1986.0 
satisficing in surveys : initial evidence ja krosnick s narayan wr smith new directions for program evaluation  
using the higher education general information survey ld andrew new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
infections after liver transplantation : risk factors and prevention . m martin s kusne m alessiani r simmons te transplantation proceedings 1991.0 
short versus standard duration oral antibiotic therapy for acute urinary tract infection in children m michael em hodson jc craig s martin va moyer cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
case studies . fe musiek ja baran mln pinheiro san diego singular  
concepts and capabilitiesof a databasecomputer j banerjee ri baum dk hsiao k kannan acm transactions on database systems  
using experiences with a logic-based knowledge discovery support environment f giannotti m manco d pedreschi f turini proc . acm-sigmod 1999 workshop on data mining and knowledge & hellip ;  
implementation of impure surrogates . very large data bases sm deen international conference on very large data bases  
dos ( 2001b ) â ?? dynamic systems specification using versions and timeâ ?? mm moro sm saggiorato n edelweiss cs santos procs . of intl. database engineering and applications symposium -  
masters and m. singer 1982 â ?? porous pavement : research rh field development and demonstration â ??  
an association study between the catchol-o-methyltransferase polymorphism and hypnotizability p lichtenberg r bachner-melman i gritsenko rp submitted for publication  
for windows 95 v spss seattle : microsoft  
fast and efficient equivalence checking based on nand-bdds r drechsler m thornton   
recovery architectures for multiprocessor database machines r agrawal   
helicopter active noise and vibration reduction ta millott wa welsh european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
data link-control performance : results comparing hdlc operational modes w bux k kuemmerle hl truong computer networks  
nicotine for alzheimerâ ?? s disease jm lopez-arrieta jl rodriguez f sanz cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the language instinct : how the mind creates language s pinker   
galerkin finite element methods for parabolic problems v thomã © e  1997.0 
g. & plexousakis d. ( 2003 ) . optimizing taxanomic semantic web queries using labelling schemes v christophides journal of web semantics  
mesh optimization h hugues t derose t duchampâ ? ¦  1992.0 
communications issues in concurrent life-cycle design and construction cj anumba g baron nfo evbuomwan bt technology journal 1997.0 
semint : a system prototype for semantic integration in heterogeneous databases ws li c clifton proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
potential water quality and production benefits from reduced herbicide inputs through banding jl baker ts colvin dc erbach rs kanwar & hellip ; integrated farm management demonstration program ifm-16 & hellip ;  
program development by transformations applied to relational database queries vw setzer vldb 1979.0 
short course antibiotics for acute otitis media al kozyrskyj ge hildes-ripstein se longstaffe cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
enhancing the competitiveness of small and medium-sized tourism enterprises d buhalis electronic markets  
the bounded tree-width problem of context-free graph languages k skodinis proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ; 1997.0 
notkin decoupling change from design m van hilst proc . acm sigsoft  
ii . 1986 . are age-structured data and analysis necessary for fisheries management jt quinn & hellip ; international biomathematics conference seattle  
wingo : inside visual c++ 6.0 s kruglinski  1998.0 
rainbow fair queueing : theory and applications z cao e zegura z wang z cao e zegura z wang computer networks 2005.0 
effective single-group diffusion coefficient of neutrons in reactor lattices ni laletin vf boyarinov at .  
itâ ?? s the customer stupidâ ?? â ?? s roberts-witt pc magazine/internet business  
sex typing and the avoidance of cross-sex behavior sl bem e lenney journal of personality and social psychology 1976.0 
coupling between physical and biological fields in the north atlantic subtropical front southeast of e fernã ¡ ndez rd pingree   
approaches to recovery-oriented computing a fox d patterson   
expert system for sroot p muha   
an o ( n ) - worst-case-time solution to the granularity problem a pietracaprina fp preparata lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
experimental realization of a colloidal glass former in 2d h konig r hund k zahn g maret  2004.0 
bayesian inference for non-gaussian ornstein-uhlenbeck stochastic volatility processes p dellaportas o papaspiliopoulos go roberts submitted for publication  
image processing on compressed data for large databases a arman a hsu m chiu proc . of acm multimedia  
liveness verification of discrete-event systems modeled by n-safe petri nets kx he md lemmon proc . of the 21st int . conf . on application and theory of & hellip ;  
conceptual graphs and formal concept analysis r wille lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
attitude accessibility as a moderator of the attitude-perception and attitude-behavior relations : an rh fazio cj williams journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
on computing correlated aggregates over continuous data streams j gehrke f korn d srivastava   
an algorithm for concurrency control and recovery in replicated distributed pa bernstein n goodman acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 
experimental validation in software technology mv zelkowitz d wallace information and software technology  
malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor : a fine-needle aspiration biopsy study rs mcgee jr wg ward se kilpatrick   
x-ray diffraction procedures for crystalline and amorphous materials hp klong le alexander  1954.0 
datasplash c olston a woodruff a aiken m chu v ercegovac sigmod conference 1998.0 
arand g. vattay on thepropagation of long-range dependence in the internet a veres z kenesi s moln proceedings of acm  
on shoring up persistent applications m zwillingâ ? ¦ proc . of acm sigmod  
incremental computation of time-varying query expressions l baekgaard l mark   
comments on '' a practical ( t n ) threshold proxy signature scheme based on the rsa cryptosystem '' g wang f bao j zhou rh deng ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
uio sequence based checking sequences for distributed test architectures rm hierons h ural information and software technology 2003.0 
temperature-dependent intermediates in hiv-1 envelope glycoprotein-mediated fusion revealed by sa gallo gm clore jm louis ca bewley r   
spatial data mining : database primitives algorithms and efficient dbms support m ester a frommelt hp kriegel j sander data mining and knowledge discovery 2000.0 
teaching minority students we sedlacek new directions for teaching and learning  
aw moore in sa schaal cg atkeson locally weighted learning . artificial intelligence review  
token ring local area networks : a comparison of experimental and theoretial performance . j sventek w greiman mo ` dell a jansen computer networks 1984.0 
internet telephony : architecture and protocols an ietf perspective h schulzrinne j rosenberg  1999.0 
solving 3-satisfiability in less than 1,579 ^ n steps i schiermeyer lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
efficient management of multiversion documents by object referencing sy chien vj tsotras c zaniolo proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
extending the metaphor gis query language and environment to 3d domains l paolino m sebillo g tortora g vitiello f procs of international working conference on advanced visual & hellip ;  
notes on ddts : an apparatus for experimental research in distributed database management systems r elmasri c devor s rahimi acm sigmod record 1981.0 
hexachlorobenzene : effects on several estuarine animals pr parrish gh cook jm patrick proc . 28th ann . conf . se assoc. game fish commissioners  
the outcome questionnaire mj lambert ae finch see maruish  
the valuation of corporate r & d expenditures : evidence from investment opportunities and free cash sh szewczyk gp tsetsekos z zantout financial management 1996.0 
fvc2002 : fingerprint verification competition d maio d maltoni r cappelli jl wayman ak jain proc . int . conf . pattern recognition ( icpr )  
automatic optimization of high gain antenna arrays s lindenmeier p russer proc . int . conf . microtechnologies  
mechanical ventilation : past and present k chen gl sternbach re fromm j varon journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
a. mccarthy j. d. ( 2003 ) . shiny happy people building trust ? photos on e-commerce web site and j riegelsberger m sasse proc chi . acm  
the implementation and experiences of a structure-oriented text editor . o strã ¶ mfors l jonesjã ¶ acm sigplan notices 1981.0 
method for performing measurements of heat radiation intensity and spatial distribution aa malâ ?? tsev ma malâ ?? tsev at .  
propriete de helly et problemes de representation p duchet proc . int . coll . cnrs  
combined lh and ecrh waves injection in ftu tokamak g granucciâ ? ¦ proc . 28th eps conf . on control . fusion and plasma phys . ( & hellip ;  
a model for temporal probabilistic reasoning gf cooper ej horvitz de heckerman technical report ksl-88-30 stanford university section on  
shaping music minds t machover bt technology journal  
experiential learning across the curriculum : assumptions and principles . published in knowing and p hutchings new directions for teaching and learning number  
streamminer : a classifier ensemble-based engine to mine concept-drifting data streams w fan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
protection of documents t matsumoto submitted for  
views in a large scale xml database v aguilera s cluet t milo d vodislav p veltri vldb journal  
estimating flow distributions from sampled flow statistics n duffield c lund m thorup   
matching unification and complexity d kapur p narendran acm sigsam bulletin 1987.0 
onion routing for anonymous and private internet connections d goldschlag m reed p syverson communications-acm 1999.0 
hatâ ® eld md linnik rh zobrist md  
an empirical study of object-oriented system evolution w li l etzkorn c davis j talburt information & software technology 2000.0 
can europe 's governments manage identity ? p seltsikas bt technology journal 2005.0 
fresh : expert-system shell with foundation in data modelling erk spoor jwb vermeulen information and software technology 1989.0 
using technology to integrate the curriculum da welton social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
normal subgroup reconstruction and quantum computation using group representations s hallgren a russell a ta-shma   
the case for enhanced abstract data types praveen seshadri p sesshadri m livny r ramakrishnan   
optimal time-critical scheduling via resource augmentation '' ap cynthia c stein e torng j wein proc . 29th annu . acm symp . on theory of computing el paso & hellip ;  
an overview of aspectjâ '' in jl knudsen g kiczales e hilsdale j hugunin m kersten j proceedings of  
objectrank : authority-based keyword search in databases a balmin v hristidis y papakonstantinou proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
a bayesian framework for modifications of probabilistic relational data d dey s sarkar   
tinker : a program by demonstration system for beginning programmers h lieberman watch what i do : programming by  
an efficient parts-based near-duplicate and sub-image retrieval system y ke r sukthankar l huston proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
precomputed shadow fields for dynamic scenes k zhou y hu s lin b guo hy shum proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
behavioral indicators of customer satisfaction with vendor-provided information services rl heckman wr king proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
internet edi on horizon k nash computerworld  
cover your assets t schumaker  2002.0 
effects of social context on consensus and majority vote decision making d tjosvold rhg field the academy of management journal 1983.0 
mamãferos del cretã ¡ cico inferior de patagonia : iv congreso latinoamericano de paleontologãa de jf bonaparte gw rougier  1987.0 
musical rhetoric in the multi-voice chansons of josquin des prez and his contemporaries ( c. 1500 - v koutsobina  2004.0 
materialized view selection for multidimensional database a shukla p deshpande proceedings of 24 international conference on very large & hellip ;  
an orthogonally persistent java acm sigmod record 25 4 mp atkinson l daynes mj jordan t printezis s   
multivariable curve interpolation j ferguson journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1964.0 
personality and speech rw ramsay journal of personality and social psychology 1966.0 
â ?? streaming queries over streaming data s chandrasekan m franklin  2002.0 
a generalized access path model and its application to a relational data base system cr carlson rs kaplan   
mass spectrometric contributions to problems related to the chemistry of atmospheres nin species acc . chem . res 2002.0 
andc . c. chang . the ideaofde-clustering anditsapplications mt fang rct lee proceedings of the 12th vldb conference  
your mediators need data conversation s cluet c delobel j simeon k smaga proceedings of acm-sigmod international  
a personal perspective : nurse practitioner in the emergency department e ramirez journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
the fourth homology group of the moduli space of curves j harer to  
reporting comparative leakage performance b report   
software process maturity ( spm ) and the information systems developer k thompson p mcparland information and software technology 1993.0 
adaptive estimation of bioactivities in the activated sludge process s marsili-libelli & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1990.0 
online aggregation m raitner   
evaluation of signature files as set access facilitiesin oodbs y ishikawa h kitagawa n ohbo proc . of acm sigmod international conf . on management of  
influence of large amplitudes of free flexural vibrations of rectangular elastic plates h chu g herrmann  1955.0 
perceptual and statistical models for virtual audio environments jm jot proc acm workshop  
physiological ecology of the alpine timberline : tree existence at high altitudes with special w tranquillini  1979.0 
database research at columbia university . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
on set systems with a threshold property z furedi rh sloan k takata g turan   
mind your vocabulary : query mapping across heterogeneous information sources . acm sigmod int cck chang h garcia-molina conference on management of data  
a social reasoning mechanism based on dependence networks c castelfranchi r conte y demazeau j sichman procs . of  
beyond neopositivists romantics and localists : a reflexive approach to interviews in m alvesson academy of management review 2003.0 
electron microscopic studies on the thyroid gland of domestic fowl with special reference to the h fujita cell and tissue research 1963.0 
computer simulation of power electronic converters with ideal switches j valsa m patoä?ka proc . int . conference edpe96 oct  
woodss and the web : annotating and reusing scientific workflows cb medeiros j perez-alcazar l digiampietri gz sigmod record 2005.0 
youâ ?? ve got dirty mail c lindquist computerworld  
incremental view maintenance in extended relational databases jv harrison information and software technology 1995.0 
facilitating cultural diversity in adult literacy programs . lg martin new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
persistent linda : linda + transactions + query processing b anderson d shasha lecture notes in computer science 1992.0 
the effects of centrifugal and centripetal forces on product development speed and quality : how does k atuahene-gima academy of management journal 2003.0 
coss : the common object services specifications be martin proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
enhancing p2p file-sharing with an internet-scale query processor bt loo jm hellerstein r huebsch s shenker i proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
knowledge management p loshin computerworld  
mathematical programmingfor data mining : formulations andchallenges ps bradley um fayyad ol mangasarian microsoft technical report january  
field emission and field ionization r gomer new york :  
the western canon : the books and school of the ages h bloom   
bases for the development of last : a formal method for business software requirements specification jm almendros-jimenez l gonzalez-jimenez information & software technology 2002.0 
l1 norm support vector machines j zhu s rosset t hastie r tibshirani technical report stanford university  
epistemology of disagreement : the good news d christensen unpublished  
the negative side of social interaction : impact on psychological well-being ks rook journal of personality and social psychology 1984.0 
performance evaluation of subband coding and optimization of its filter coefficients j katto y yasuda proc . spie 1991.0 
the stress concentration in a cylindrical shell with an elliptical cutout o tingleff technical university of  
ddb : an object oriented design data manager for vlsi cad . rm arlein cy lo   
call blocking probabilities in a traffic-groomed tandem optical network an washington h perros computer networks 2004.0 
text formatting by demonstration . ba myers proceedings acm 1991.0 
calculated vertical cutoff rigidities for the int . space station during magnetically quiet times df smart ma shea eo flã 1/4 ckiger proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf  
a photographic memory for the digital age l grunin pc magazine-american edition - 1994.0 
cern-pre 89-062 ; m. consoli . c. dionisi l. ludovici s ganguli proceedings of â ?? les recontres de la vall & dâ ?? aostaâ ?? la & hellip ;  
disconjugacy wa coppel  1971.0 
black 19 . j. ( 1953 ) k robinson phil . mag  
fluid flow around a bluff body used for a karman vortex flowmeter t igarashi proc . int . symp . fluid control meas  
multimedia information management in an object-oriented system d woeld w kim proc . of the 13th vldb conference brighton  
the demarcation protocol : a technique for maintaining arithmetic constraints in distributed database d barbara h garcia-molina lecture notes in computer  
september 11 { 13 1989 uk london acm press new  
model reference adaptive control for large scale systems with application to power systems h yousef m simaan   
communicating safety assurance-a case study jl fenn msc thesis department of computer science university of york  
semantic grammar : an engineering technique for constructing natural language understanding systems . rr burton acm sigart bulletin 1977.0 
timber : a native system for querying xml s paparizos proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2003.0 
rapidly solidified materials : properties and processing pw lee jh moll  1988.0 
investigations on gaba b receptor-mediated autoinhibition of gaba release pa baumann p wicki c stierlin pc waldmeier naunyn-schmiedeberg &#39; s archives of pharmacology 1990.0 
values education : a student 's perspective an administrator 's response . ma bell ed eddy new directions for higher education 1980.0 
taming the underlying challenges of reliable multihop routing in sensor networks a woo t tong d culler proceedings of the first international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
the montage extensible datablade m ubell proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
epa region 10 guidance for pacific northwest state and tribal temperature water quality standards usep agency seattle washington . april  
a computer model of the human arm to study the control of fes-assisted reaching r davoodi ge loeb proceedings of the 24th annual international conference of & hellip ; 2002.0 
nonfabrics : spatial computing using molecular electronics sc goldstein m budiu proc . of the 28th annual int . symp . on computer architecture  
resolution of compartment syndrome after rattlesnake envenomation utilizing non-invasive measures bs gold ra barish rc dart rp silverman gv journal of emergency medicine 2003.0 
temporal relations in geographic information systems : a workshop at the university of maine r barrera a frank k al-taha acm sigmod record 1991.0 
the future of the hydrogen economy : bright or bleak ? b eliasson u bossel   
quantitative and qualitative assessment and clinical meaning of molecules removed with bk membranes u buoncristiani f galli s benedetti r errico s contributions to  
passive optical network planning in local access networks-an optimisation approach utilizing genetic h paul j tindle bt technology journal 1996.0 
enabling qos adaptation decisions for internet applications sn bhatti g knight computer networks 1999.0 
theory of database queries ak chandra proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1988.0 
seqhound biological sequence database system as a platform for bioinformatics research k michalikova gd bader m dumontier r isserlin   
operating in a new environment c petzold pc magazine  
update semanticsfor incompleteinformation s abiteboul g grahne proc . 11th int . conf . very large data  
building usable menu-based natural language interfaces to databases cw thompson km ross hr tennant rm saenz vldb 1983.0 
sequoia 2000 metadata schema for satellite images jt anderson m stonebraker sigmod record 1994.0 
694 r no university of  
global qcd analysis of parton structure of the nucleon : cteq5 parton distributions hl lai j huston s kuhlmann j morfin f olness the european physical journal c-particles and fields 2000.0 
a study of the dropout rates in longitudinal research on aging and the prediction of death kf riegel rm riegel g meyer journal of personality and social psychology 1967.0 
the display style file sources are contained in the source directory graphics d styles   
empire state college : can there be an experimenting college ? . j lindquist new directions for higher education 1976.0 
a q-factor enhancement technique for mmic inductors in silicon technology m danesh jr long r hadaway d harame proc . int . microwave symp  
interpreting uml-statecharts in a modalâµ-calculus j broersen r wieringa unpublished manuscript  
learning communitiesâ ?? understanding information flow in human networks a pentland bt technology journal 2004.0 
a micropower learning vector quantizer for parallel analog-to-digital data compression j lubkin g cauwenberghs   
the true cramer-rao bound for timing recovery from a bandlimited linearly modulated wafeform n noels h steendam m moeneclaey proceedings icc2002 new york paper  
keyword searching in databases using banks g bhalotia b. tech . project report iit bombay april  
c. mohan speaks out m winslett sigmod record 2004.0 
mugec : automatic music genre classification h deshpande u nam r singh technical report stanford university june  
representations of bundles of semichained sets and their applications vm bondarenko algebra i analiz  
a dbms prototype to support non-first normal form relations : an integrated view on flat tables and p dadamâ ? ¦ sigmod proc  
three-dimensional ct images of shock waves and vortices discharged from open ends h honma t yoshimura t kaneta t morioka k maeno proceedings of the 23rd issw fort  
new jersey : final report on the grant diversion project s freedman j bryant g cave mr bangser  1988.0 
motivation with a mission : understanding motivation and culture in workshop design rj wlodkowski new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
a spatial and temporal model of foreign direct investment in the united states s bagchi-sen jo wheeler economic geography 1989.0 
undermining childrenâ ?? s intrinsic interest with extrinsic rewards : a test of the â ?? mr lepper d greene re nisbett journal of personality and social psychology 1973.0 
advanced technology seminar : application servers and associated technologies c mohan 19 thieee international conference on data engineering ( icde & hellip ;  
musicality and music before three : human vitality and invention shared with pride c trevarthen s malloch zero to three  
the trade-offs of multicast trees and algorithms l wei d estrin proceedings of icccn  
advanced data networkingâ ?? acronyms atm aesa bt technology journal 1998.0 
closed-form expressions for map time-migration in vti media and applicability of map depth-migration h douma m de hoop  2003.0 
reproducing kernels and riccati equations h dym   
partial method compilation using dynamic profile information j whaley   
an internet-based negotiation server for e-commerce y stanley h chunbo h joachimâ ? ¦ very large data bases j  
bayesian networks for estimating the userâ ?? s interests in the context of a configuration task w schã 1/4 tz r schã $ fer   
cable tv technology for local access st jewell jj patmore kd stalley r mudhar bt technology journal 1998.0 
fire ant allergy . ct stafford allergy procs 1992.0 
advances in the practical implementation of indicator geostatistics cv deutsch rw lewis proceedings 23rd apcom  
leung â ?? mobility-basedpredictive call admission control andbandwidth reservation in wireless f yu andv computer  
modelling access policies using roles in requirements engineering to appear in r crook d ince b nuseibeh information and software  
zur nahrungswahl der gartengrasmã 1/4 cke sylvia borin : ein beitrag zur bedeutung der frugivorie bei f bairlein proc . int  
& deployment of phase change technology for heating and cooling of residential building and other i sayer proc . 28th intersociety energy conversion engineering & hellip ;  
kernel method for percentile feature extraction b scholkopf j platt aj smola   
the binding energy of the thom as { ferm i atom jmc scott phil . mag  
an adaptive query processing system for data integration z ives d florescu m friedman a levy d weld proc . acm sigmod  
heat kernels and dirac operators n berline e getzler m vergne  1996.0 
electronic resources for chinese studies in a global context p zhou electronic library 1996.0 
the structure and function of the blood-brain barrier mwb bradbury fed proc 1984.0 
on the design of robust power system stabilizers h othman jj sanchez-gasca   
preserving mapping consistency under schema changes y velegrakis rj miller l popa the vldb journal 2004.0 
a review of etomidate for rapid sequence intubation in the emergency department jm bergen dc smith journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
traversing itemset lattices with statistical metric pruning r ng l lakshmanan j han a pang in proc . of acm sigmod  
pattern procedurality & pictures : factors affecting boolean query interface design for the web m chui proc . acm  
analysis of predictive spatio-temporal queries y tao j sun d papadias acm transactions on database systems 2003.0 
measurement of program complexity by the pair : ( cyclomatic number operator count ) wj hansen acm sigplan notices 1978.0 
a du preez l and loubser jhn 1965 hb dyer fa raal phil . mag  
xml : a second chance for web markup n randal pc magazine november  
industrial ecology . 2nd prentice hall 2003 te graedel   
demonstrators booted from glaad soiree n offen bay area reporter  
mocha : a self-extensible database middleware system for distributed data sources mr martinez n roussopoulos acm sigmod international conference on management of data  
composite international diagnostic interview : expanded substance abuse module lm robins t babor lb cottler unpublished manuscript  
monitoring the propagation of radionuclides along technological loops in a nuclear power plant vl antonov aa gruzdeva vs zhernovâ ? ¦ at .  
on sensor fusion between a pair of heterogeneous robots l andersson   
on network bandwidth allocation policies and feedback control algorithms for packet networks yt hou b li ss panwar hhy tzeng computer networks 2000.0 
distributed virtual environments and vrml : an event-based architecture m wray r hawkes www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
do mandates matter ? : the effects of a mandate to enter a welfare-to-work program jt knab   
salmon at riverâ ?? s end : the role of the estuary in the decline and recovery of columbia salmon dl bottom ca simenstad am baptista da jay j & hellip ; . national marine fisheries service seattle washington  
articialneuralnetworks : atutorial ak jain j mao km mohiuddin ieee computer  
3d photography on your desk ieee proceedings of international conference of computer vision jy bouguet p perona bombay india  
the mouse mammary tumor viruses p hageman j calafat ih daams see ref  
secondary injury mechanisms in acute spinal cord injury w young journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
management of data and services for environmental applications wf riekert   
the use of a linguistically motivated language model in conversational speech recognition w wang a stolcke mp harper   
the bang file : a new kind of grid file m freeston   
draft-east king county ground water management plan : king county department of natural resources k county seattle washington  
the consensus glossary of temporal database concepts-february 1998 version cs jensen ce dyreson   
engineering social order c castelfranchi lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
forms of interorganizational governance for multinational alliances rn osborn cc baughn the academy of management journal 1990.0 
coupling developmental rules and evolution to aid in planning network growth r shipman p botham p coker bt technology journal 2000.0 
bireality : mutually-immersive telepresence np jouppi s iyer s thomas a slayden proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
nmr-relaxation time measurements of noble gas isotope xe-129 dissolved in isotropic and anisotropic k oikarinen j jokisaari proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
drought tolerance of cool season turfgrass [ j ] dd minner jd butler proc . int . turfgrass rec . conf  
preface by the editors-in-chief hj schek f maryanski the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
using shared virtual memory for parallel join processing a shatdal jf naughton   
the epidemiology of multiple sclerosis we hogancamp m rodriguez bg weinshenker mayo clinic proceedings 1997.0 
using formal methods to reason about semantics-based decompositions of transactions p ammann s jajodia i ray proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
evolution of reproductive systems in the genus silene c desfeux s maurice jp henry b lejeune ph proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
ps-algol : an algol with a persistent heap mp atkinson kj chisholm wp cockshott acm sigplan  
implications of pickup ion reflection at the quasi-perpendicular termination shock for the shock ja le roux h fichtner gp zank proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf. salt lake city 1999.0 
ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã?ã ? ã ? ã?ã ? sigmod record 2004.0 
group nearest neighbor queries d papadias q shen y tao k mouratidis   
etzioni 0. and weld d. ascalable comparison-shopping agent for the world-wide web r doorenbos proc . acm conf . autonomous agents  
social-cognitive conceptualization of attachment working models : availability and accessibility mw baldwin jpr keelan b fehr v enns e koh - journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
guide to the rapide 1.0 langauage reference manuals d luckhman technical report stanford university http : anna . stanford .  
parenting behavior in a sample of young mothers in poverty : results of the new change observational mj zaslow ca eldred  1998.0 
a distributive n-amendment game with endogenous agenda formation em penn  2001.0 
java ight is type-safeâ ?? definitely t nipkow d von oheimb   
differing perspectives of evaluation e chelimsky new directions for program evaluation  
processor verification with precise exceptions and speculative execution j sawada wa hunt lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
british standard bs en 1782 . 1998 b standard   
fixed access network technologies af cameron dj thorne kt foster si fisher bt technology journal 2004.0 
al ` intã © rieur de systã ¨ me de fichiers de windows nt h custer   
bedeutung organischer fraktionen in kommunalem abwasser im hinblick auf die mathematische u sollfrank dissertation no 8765 eth-zurich switzerland  
application of system identification techniques to modelling a turbogenerator e swidenbank   
02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 january 1989 ma cambridge   
java tools get real rv dragan pc magazine-american edition -  
pharmacokinetics of oral and intravenous rifampicin during chronic administration u loos e musch jc jensen g mikus hk schwabe m journal of molecular medicine 1985.0 
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia k lin c faloutsos proceedings of acm sigmod 1995.0 
optimal policies for a multi-echelon inventory problem aj clark h scarf management  
some 0up-complete set cover problems wj masek  1978.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?nearest neighbor queriesã cents â ? ¬ â ? n roussopoulos s kelley f vincent proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod  
community pharmacy personnel interventions for smoking cessation hk sinclair cm bond lf stead cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
on the decidability of query containment under constraints d calvanese g de giacomo m lenzerini   
beckler family tree homepage ( http://home . cdsnet . net/beckler / ) '' s beckler   
contribution to the accapp03 conference a boudardâ ? ¦ san diego  
cityof long beach â ?? do clarke   
auld leaky : a contextual open hypermedia link server dt michaelides de millard mj weal d deroure lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
generating machine processable representations of textual representations of auml jl koning i romero-hernandez lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
changing the educational program . r wood new directions for higher education 1990.0 
the assessment of noncollegiate sponsored programs of instruction rj hamilton new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
constructing difference in public spaces : race class and gender as interlocking systems s ruddick urban geography  
mining generalized association rules in large relational tables r sirkant r agrawal proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management data  
biodiversity informatics : the challenge of rapid development large databases and complex data m lane j edwards e nielsen proc . 26th vldb conf  
the ideal-self : schematic processing of perfectionistic content in dysphoric university students pl hewitt m genest journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
sniffer tracks more than just web hits c babcock computerworld  
pig alpha 1 3galactosyltransferase : sequence of a full-length cdna clone chromosomal localisation km strahan f gu l andersson k gustafsson transplant proc 1995.0 
a simple protocol for the dynamic tuning of the backoff mechanism in ieee 802.11 networks r bruno m conti e gregori computer networks 2001.0 
analysts and clients in conversation : cases in early requirements gathering c urquhart   
single iterative algorithm with global feedback for integrated system optimisation and parameter z amini j lin pd roberts   
keynote address p brown european conference on hypertext ( paris 1990 ) cambridge & hellip ;  
dialogues : a basis for constructing programming environments acm sigplan notices 1983  1983.0 
benign course after massive ingestion of yohimbine k friesen w palatnick m tenenbein journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
effects of straw polls on group decision-making : sequential voting pattern timing and local jh davis m stasson k ono s zimmerman journal of personality and social psychology  
soil erosion and conservation . rpc morgan   
expiring data in a warehouse hg molina wj labio j yang proc . 24th vldb  
in-context peer-to-peer information filtering on the web a ouksel sigmod record 2003.0 
the likelihood ratio test in the model of the completely randomized block design with student 's t j grala k katulska   
pitz-paal r. price h. trough integration into power plants-a study on the performance and economy of j dersch m geyer u herrmann sa jones b kelly solarpaces international symposium zurich switzerland  
control of minor criminal sexual compulsions with imipramine and amine oxidase inhibitors rd goldner & hellip ; congress of psychiatry montreal canada ( june 4-10 1961 )  
o'connor picojava : adirectexecution engine for java bytecode '' h mcghan andm ieee  
conf . on management of data san diego ca bs int sigmod  
a grammar-based approach towards unifying hierarchical data models m gyssens j paredaens d van gucht proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1989.0 
rapid detection of cyanogenic glycoside in malted barley r cook wb oliver proceedings of the 23rd congress  
the icsi meeting corpus a janin d baron j edwards d ellis d gelbart n   
â ?? quel as a data & pe m stonebrakerâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 1984 acm-sigmod conference on the & hellip ;  
erp problems plague college : cleveland state canâ ?? t process financial aid using peoplesoft c stedman computerworld  
a and enderby je 1967 r howe phil . mag  
trustee-based tracing extensions to anonymous cash and the making of anonymous change ; 6th acm-siam e brickell p gemmell d kravitz  1995.0 
geodetic sets in graphs g chartrand f harary p zhang discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2000.0 
stochastic decision processes : theory computation and estimation manuscript j rust university of wisconsin  
polybrominated diphenyl ethers : distribution of tetra-and pentabromo-congeners in c57 bl mice po darnerud s risberg submitted for publication  
electronic publishing : publish without paper ! 14 ( 3 ) l grunin pc  
student-centered instruction for the design of telecourses mw egan gs gibb new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
analysis of genetic heterogeneity in chlamydia trachomatis biovars and clinical isolates of the sa morrã © tm ossewaarde phm savelkoul j stoof submitted for  
resource description framework ( rdf ) schema specification . proposed recommendation http://www . w3 . d brickley rv guha proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
characteristics of protein removal in hemodiafiltration st kim contributions to nephrology 1994.0 
low-flux spatial structures of mev protons at 1â ?? 10 au during quiet-time periods k kecskemety yi logachev m zeldovich proc . 28th intern . cosmic ray conf  
gender differences in the accuracy of self-evaluations of performance s beyer journal of personality and social psychology  
where croats are in the majority minority students supposedly have the right to take classes in non iw mostar   
development of maternal and child health services in india t kanitkar child in india . bombay : himalaya  
does information technology lead to smaller firms ? e brynjolfsson tw malone v gurbaxani a kambil management science 1994.0 
morphologic findings in baseline kidney biopsies from living related donors g nyberg l hedman i blohme c svalander transplant proc 1992.0 
logic agents dialogues and negotiation : an abductive approach f sadri f toni p torroni proceedings  
budget and planning pn haeuser new directions for higher education 2000.0 
electromagnetic radiation from cylindrical structures jr wait   
die sonnenkorona m waldmeier i ( basel : birkhauser ) 1951.0 
one-stop automation ? a few leading vendors are emerging for semiconductor fab automation as the r arensman electronic business 2002.0 
on vacancy formation and the origin of dislocations in growth from the melt gf bolling d fainstein phil . mag. 1972.0 
a novel method for replacement of the dislodged tracheostomy tube : the nasogastric tube '' guidewire '' js young wj brady b kesser d mullins journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
university of washington vi learning seattle  
panel : the impact of database research on industrial products summary d fishman d lomet m stonebraker   
new zealand 's scenic rivers . a study in resource use . ge jones   
faunal remains from klasies river mouth : academic press lr binford san diego ca  
analysis of object oriented spatial access methods c faloutsos t sellis n roussopoulos proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
non-linear time-series models of ethernet traffic k chandra c you g olowoyeye c thompson   
conditioning technique for multiinput multioutput processes with input saturation ks walgama   
the concept of error in a database : an application of temporal databases g bhargava sk gadia   
companies struggle to answer web-site e-mail r fusaro computerworld  
economic forces in the coevoltuion of information technology and intellectual property institutions p david  2002.0 
one-sided recursions jf naughton proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
jeffrey d. ullman.â ?? implementing data cubes effiecientlyâ ?? v harinarayan a rajaraman proceedings of acm sigmod 1996 international conference on & hellip ;  
a performance study of concurrency control in a real-time main memory database system s liu acm sigmod record 1993.0 
modulation of galactic cosmic rays and changes in the solar magnetic field g wibberenz hv cane ig richardson tt von proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf  
the side effects of fk506 in humans r shapiro jj fung ab jain p parks s todo te transplant proc 1990.0 
spatialjoinsusingseededtrees rcv loml proceedingsof the acm sigmod conference minneapolis mn  
the irma code for unique classification of medical images tm lehmann h schubert d keysers m kohnen bb proceedings spie 2003.0 
further remarks on the stability of viscous fluid motion l rayleigh phil . mag  
special section on software testing r hamlet comm . acm 1988.0 
triage dilemmas and decisions : a tool for continuing education . l molitor journal of emergency nursing 1985.0 
interactive schema translation with instance-level mappings pa bernstein s melnik p mork proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
consumer product safety commission bethesda ma babich ta thomas md  
algorithm of extremal regulation of the energy distribution in a power reactor iy emel ` yanov vv postnikov gv yurkin at .  
the efficiency and timing of initiation of replication of multiple replicons of saccharomyces m yamashita y hori t shinomiya c obuse t genes to cells 1997.0 
an introduction to disk drive modelling crj wilkes ieee computer  
domino : databases for moving objects tracking owp sistla bxjzs chamberlain   
analys i flera variabler lc bã ¶ iers a person   
a theory of redo recovery db lomet mr tuttle   
history of the civil war military pensions 1861-1885 jw oliver  1915.0 
chemotherapy for hiv associated non-hodgkinâ ?? s lymphoma in combination with highly active l ratner d redden f hamzehâ ? ¦ md  
interventions for educating children who have attended the emergency room for asthma mm haby e waters cf robertson pg gibson fm cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
robert b. potter and joan phillips p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
voice over ip . mitp rd kã ¶ hler  2002.0 
the impact of branching heuristics in propositional satisfiability algorithms j marques-silva lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
factors affecting burrowing patterns of subterranean rodents ss romanach  2003.0 
on convex surfaces with regular metric . av pogorelov  1951.0 
how complete are knowledge-representation systems ? ew elcock ieee computer  
audio characterization for video indexing nv patel ik sethi proc . spie 1996.0 
spatial indexing of high-dimensional data based on relative approximation y sakurai m yoshikawa s uemura h kojima the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2002.0 
peer-to-peer harnessing the power of disruptive technologies c shirkey  2001.0 
computing frequent itemsets inside oracle 10g w li a mozes   
the need for distributed asynchronous transactions l do p ram p drew   
basic education and economic development : a comparative study of japan china and india g balatchandirane r ranjan s chakrabarti international studies-bombay then new delhi - 2001.0 
parse selection on the redwoods corpus : 3rd growth results k toutanova cd manning s oepen d flickinger  2003.0 
an extensible classifier for semi-structured documents m tresch a luniewski proceedings of the fourth international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
text to hypertext : can clustering solve the problem in digital libraries rb kellogg m subhas proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
opioid antagonists for alcohol dependence m srisurapanont n jarusuraisin cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
improving instruction-level parallelism by loop unrolling and dynamic memory jw davidson s jinturakar proc . 28th annu . int . symp  
it departments face a lack of project management know-how . t hoffman computerworld  
epipolar geometry of panoramic cameras t svoboda t pajdla v hlavac lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
gags a flexible object-oriented library for evolutionary computation jj merelo a prieto proceedings of malfo . d. borrajo and p. isasi ( eds . ) 1996.0 
automatic tcp buffering tuning j semke j mahdavi m mathis proceedings of acm sigcomm 1998  
expressing and optimizing sequence queries in database systems r sadri c zaniolo a zarkesh j adibi acm transactions on database systems 2004.0 
linear hashing : a new tool for le and table addressing w litwin proceedings of the international conference on very large  
a human geography of islands sa royle geography  
dynamic configuration of resource-aware services v polandianâ ? ¦ proc . 26th int . conf . on software engineering ( icseâ ?? 04 ) & hellip ;  
xquery 1.0 : an xml query language s boag d chamberlin mf fernandez d florescu j w3c working draft  
toward a new era of leadership : the national identification program . d shavlik j touchton new directions for higher education 1983.0 
doubly distorted mirrors cu orji ja solworth proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
new millennium new emergency management rb neil journal of emergency management  
spanish migration : economic causes grave social consequences r bradshaw geography  
responses induced by tacrine neuronal and non-enuronal cell lines [ j ] gv de ferrani r von bernhardi fh calderonâ ? ¦ i nerurasci res  
an international survey of industrial applications of formal methods . technicalreport us d craigen s gerhart t ralston   
delimiting the cbd re murphy je vance jr economic geography 1954.0 
crash recovery in quickstore c shi   
the design of an acquisitional query processor for sensor networks s madden mj franklin jm hellerstein w hong sigmod conference 2003.0 
wesco/ic expo 98 delves into system-on-a-chip lssues j desposito  1998.0 
tap : a semantic web platform r guha r mccool computer networks 2003.0 
the aegis processor architecture for tamper-evident and tamper-resistant processingâ '' rapport ge suh d clarke b gassend m van dijk s devadas mit laboratory for computer  
incremental maintenance of multi-source views g moro   
performance enhancement through replication in an object-oriented dbms ej shekita mj carey   
wavesurfer-an open source speech tool k sjã ¶ lander j beskow   
data and knowledge representation models of distributed frame systems d soshnikov proc . of pre-conference workshop of vldb-2003â ?? emerging  
influence of storage temperature and coating on the keeping quality of â ?? fortuneâ ?? mandarins jm martinez-javega c saucedo ma del rio m proc . int . soc . citriculture  
undergraduate research at two-year colleges ja perez new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
active data hiding for secure electronic media distribution h yu a gelman r fish proceedings acm  
against customer service g trotter journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
effi cient implementation of a packet scheduling algorithm on high-speed programmable network x zhuang   
reliability aspects of optical fibre systems and networks p cochrane djt heatley bt technology journal 1994.0 
major uses of psychopharmacology in the emergency department ca glod journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
update semantics for incomplete databases s abgra abiteboul g grahne vldb  
open source buildingâ ?? reinventing places of living k larson s intille tj mcleish j beaudin re bt technology journal 2004.0 
machine learning benchmarks and random forests mr segal  2003.0 
field arithmetic md fried m jarden  1986.0 
visual basic workshop jc craig microsoft  
schizosaccharomyces pombe gad7 j kanoh y watanabe m ohsugi y iino m yamamoto genes to cells 1996.0 
a new nmr data standard for the exchange and archiving for multi-dimensional data sets an davies   
developing operation senses as a foundation for algebra i d schifter unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
the niue literacy experiment p death international journal of educational research 2001.0 
ibuprofen for the prevention of patent ductus arteriosus in preterm and/or low birth weight infants ss shah a ohlsson cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
variable structure control : a survey ieee t-indust jy hung w gao jc hung  1993.0 
bounds on the efficiency of a classification procedure h chernoff  1967.0 
transition metal-promoted sifica and alumina catalysts for the selective reduction of nitrogen jh sinfelt acc chem res  
a simple rainfall simulator and trickle system for hydro-geomorphological experiments sh luk ad abrahams aj parsons physical geography  
the impress ddt : a database design toolbox based on a formal specification language j flokstra m van keulen j skowronek sigmod record 1994.0 
inducing partially-defined instances with evolutionary algorithms x llora jm garrell   
using evaluation indicators to track the performance of education programs g psacharopoulos new directions for program evaluation  
towards a symbolic-level force feedback : recognition of assembly sequence states h asada s hirai proc . int . symp . robotics res  
n. ridoil : non first normal form for re -- . . _ . __ l _ - . . _ __ -- . . lations to represent i s ahifphnnl proc . acm pot-s  
compiling high-level languages for real-time embedded systems cs ananian m rinard   
uneven development and the tragedy of the commons : competing images for nature-society analysis rs roberts j emel economic geography 1992.0 
brain literacy for educators vw berninger tl richards  2002.0 
essentials of clinical geriatrics . rl lane jg ousland ib abrass   
gathering correlated data in sensor networks p rickenbach r wattenhofer proceedings of acm  
j and gregory ch 1931 aj bradley phil . mag  
determination of selenium and tellurium in lead alloys by graphite furnace and hydride generation gj fox at . spectrosc. 1990.0 
self organization t kohonen  1995.0 
role of consciousness and accessibility of death-related thoughts in mortality salience effects j greenberg t pyszczynski s solomon l simonâ ? ¦ journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
finding related pages in the world wide web j dean mr henzinger www8 / computer networks 1999.0 
keypals for young children c finegan-stoll social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
distributed routing algorithms for multi-hop ad hoc networks using d-hop connected d-dominating sets mq rieck s pai s dhar mq rieck s pai s dhar computer networks 2005.0 
direct spatial search on pictorial databases using packed r-trees n roussopoulos d leifker   
dialysate and substitution fluids for patients treated by continuous forms of renal replacement a davenport contributions to nephrology 2001.0 
acousto-optic signal processing - convolution and correlation wt rhodes ieee proceedings 1981.0 
insecticide resistance in fleas mk rust proc . int . symp . ectoparasites pets  
the greater common good a roy   
cell volume-sensitive chloride channels y okada contributions to nephrology 1998.0 
bro : a system for detecting network intruders in real-time v paxson computer networks 1999.0 
qbi : query by icons . acms anthology p edition   
systems employing the dempster shafer uncertainty calculus kk bharadwaj gc neerja hcpr goel information and software  
running the visa gauntlet aj sementelli new directions for higher education 2002.0 
investigation of 85 kr production and the influence of 85 kr on the radiation conditions during the vv serebryakov ap kirillovich af sviridovâ ? ¦ at .  
irt scores and the standard errors with differentially weighted items j cohen t jiang unpublished manuscript  
green assessment of multi-product based on concordance analysis ys yang hw li j tong proceedings of 2001 international conference on management  
foreword f maryanski the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
column generation techniques for pickup and delivery problems m sol doktorarbeit technical university eindhoven  
determinacion of ph : theory and practice . rg bates   
high dielectric constant microwave probes for sensing soil moisture jr birchak cg gardner je hipp jm victor proc . ieee  
lnternst broadoastinl d boggs phd thesis stanford university also xerox parc technical  
the master weavers : festival of india in britain royal college of art autumn 1982 . j jain  1982.0 
office implementation : a case study . ls albert tj marchese new directions for higher education 1988.0 
endometrial resection and ablation versus hysterectomy for heavy menstrual bleeding a lethaby s shepperd i cooke c farquhar cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
remote assessment of ocean color for interpretation of satellite visible imagery : a review hr gordon ay morel  1983.0 
newsday 29 august 1990 ; 3 january 1991 k royce   
nerc equipment for field spectroscopy : preparing for the 21st century.â ?? in : griffiths g. and ej milton dr emery ch kerr proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the remote & hellip ;  
limiting factors analysis for salmonid fish stocks in the plum creek habitat conservation plan ( hcp ) g watson s toth report prepared by plum creek seattle washington  
earthquake vulnerability in the middle east mr degg j homan geography  
release 8 ed. pt . 11 iset manuals ise integrated systems engineering ag zurich switzerland  
a lexicograc method for recognizing proper interval graphs proper circular arc graphs and p hell j huang   
what does the design of effective cscl require and how do we study its effects g salomon acm sigcue outlook 1992.0 
design patterns addison-wesley 1995 e gamma r helm r johnson j vissides   
llperformance prediction of scalable computing : a case study â ?? xh sun j zhu proc . of the 28th hawaii international conference on system & hellip ;  
administrators evaluation and the stream of life . hl hodgkinson new directions for higher education 1978.0 
enforcing safety properties using type specialization p thiemann lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
membership algorithms for multicast communication groups y amir d dolev s kramer d malki lecture notes in computer science 1992.0 
draft of a paper ( or series of papers ) on chaitinâ ?? s work ... done for the most part during the rm solovay unpublished  
consistent hashing and random trees : distributed cashing protocols for relieving hot spots on the d kargerâ ? ¦ proc . acm  
an extension to the cyclomatic measure of program complexity gj myers acm sigplan notices 1977.0 
structural barriers and facilitators in hiv prevention : a review of international research aids r parkerâ ? ¦   
using filtering agents to improve prediction quality in the grouplens research collaborative bm sarwar ja konstan a borchers j herlocker b   
keynote address on concurrent programming pb hansen   
special section on information visualization t catarci if cruz acm sigmod record  
clustering methods for large databases : from the past to the future a hinneburg da keim sigmod conference 1999.0 
cytoskeletal reorganization by soluble wnt-3a protein signalling s shibamoto k higano r takada f ito m takeichi genes to cells 1998.0 
increasing capacity and decreasing dealy through mobility in ad-hoc networks r moraes h sadjadpour j garcia-luna-aceves submitted for  
study of an auto-refrigerating cascade system z shaozhi c guangming z hongxian  2000.0 
an architecture to support context-aware applications ak dey d salber   
xrel : a path-based approach to storage and retrieval of xml documents using relational databases m yoshikawa t amagasa t shimura s uemura acm transactions on internet technology 2001.0 
e-learning evangelists lj goff computerworld  
the bucky object-relational benchmark m asgarian mj carey dj dewitt j gehrke jf proc . acm sigmod conf  
fractional integrals and derivatives and some of their applications sg samko aa kilbas oi marichev  1987.0 
modelling and analyse of hybrid dynamic systems s engell automatisierungstechnik ( at )  
in quest of insectresistant forest trees hd gerhold see ref  
police policed with data mining engines l mearian l rosencrance computerworld  
decimalisation table attacks for pin cracking m bond p zielinski unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
the agrifood industry in eastern europe agrifood east and west c juran conf . procs  
stream : the stanford stream data manager ( demonstration description ) a arasu b babcock s babu m datar k ito i proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2003.0 
towards an integration of answer set and constraint solving . s baselice pa bonatti m gelfond   
intradural sacral rhizotomies and implantation of an anterior sacral root stimulator in the ev kerrebroeck e koldewijn h wijkstra fmj world journal of urology 1991.0 
penalized regression splines d ruppert r carroll unpublished manuscript 1997.0 
avoiding competence substitution through knowledge sharing sk mcevily s das k mccabe academy of management review 2000.0 
starting and sustaining a consortium f baus ca ramsbottom new directions for higher education 1999.0 
the ising model on the ring : mutation versus recombination s fischer i wegener lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
a vlsi implementable handwritten digit recognition system lc agba r sharkar as pandyaâ ? ¦ proceedings of international joint conference on neural & hellip ; 1990.0 
attribute agreement yc tay proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1989.0 
21 and in california 27 jefferson city 33 cited this source of discrimination i sedalia   
quantifying schema evolution d sjã ¸ information and software technology  
spt : distributed sensor network for real time tracking b horling r vincent r mailler j shen r becker   
stahl. g. : on the accuracy of var estimates based on the variance-covariance approach r dave working paper olsen and associates zurich  
ã?bungstypologie zum kommunikativen deutschunterricht langenscheidt mã 1/4 nchen 1996 g neuner m krã?ger u grewer   
elements of information theory tm cover ja thomas   
factors affecting chinook populations d weitkamp g ruggerone report to the city of seattle seattle washington  
a prototype content-based retrieval system that uses virtual images to save space l brown proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
issues and approaches to design of real-time database systems m singhal sigmod record 1988.0 
a generalization of linear cryptanalysis and the applicability of matsui 's piling-up lemma c harpes gg kramer jl massey lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
surgery versus radiotherapy for muscle invasive bladder cancer md shelley j barber t wilt md mason cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
living related liver transplantation : 36 cases at the university of hamburg m malago x rogiers m burdelski ce broelsch transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
tenure and the moderation of conflict . rd clark new directions for higher education 1974.0 
on the decrease of velocity of swiftly moving electrified particles in passing through matter n bohr phil . mag  
vertical data migration in large nearline document archives based on markov-chain predictions akg weikum  1997.0 
a method of variational analysis combined with kalman filter for radar rainfall field correction s shouxiang l guoqing g wenzhong proc . 26th int . conf . on radar meteorology  
boards of directors and firm performance : integrating agency and resource dependence perspectives aj hillman t dalziel academy of management review 2003.0 
the asilomar report on database research b authors sigmod record 27 ( 4 )  
assessing the effectiveness of social programs : methodological and conceptual issues l sechrest we yeaton new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
nephropathy in hiv-transgenic mice jb kopp pe ray sh adler la bruggeman contributions to nephrology 1994.0 
importance of intramolecular protein dynamics to kinetics of biochemical processes m kurzynski cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
solids 1 1 ( 1968 ) nf mott phil . mag  
fty720 a novel immunosuppressant possessing unique mechanisms . iii . synergistic prolongation of t kawaguchi y hoshino f rahman y amano h transplantation proceedings 1996.0 
propagation in corrugated waveguides gh bryant proc . iee  
nebulized naloxone gently and effectively reverses methadone intoxication mb mycyk al szyszko se aks journal of emergency medicine 2003.0 
approximating p-complete problems rj anderson ew mayr technical report stanford university  
application studies for concurrent aggregates aa chien technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
a cache visualization tool e deijl g kanbier o temam ed granston ieee computer  
dynamic programming treatment of the travelling salesman problem r bellman journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1962.0 
study of native xml database systems cs report   
recovery protocols for shared memory database systems ld molesky k ramamritham sigmod conference 1995.0 
innovative firm behavior and local milieu : exploring the intersection of agglomeration firm effects b harrison mr kelley j gant economic geography 1996.0 
evolutionary market equilibrium in bertrand and cournot settings cz qin c stuart   
an integrated browsing and querying system for odmg-compliant object databases sw chang hj kim k seoul   
access versus holdings : document deliver realities f boyle m davies electronic library 1999.0 
the development and application of data base design tools and methodology dk jefferson vldb 1980.0 
eversion versus conventional carotid endarterectomy for preventing stroke ( cochrane review ) pg cao p de rango s zannetti g giordano s cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
an experimental study of field methods which will insure to stadia measurements greatly increased ls smith  1895.0 
demographic diversity and faultlines : the compositional dynamics of organizational groups dc lau jk murnighan the academy of management review 1998.0 
integrated computer architectures for image processing and database management k hwang k fu ieee computer  
cellular and molecular bases of biological clocks ln edmunds  1988.0 
model environments for integration and support rp jones bt technology journal 1997.0 
mendelzon . database techniques for the world-wide web : a survey [ j ] f levy sigmod record  
the cipher shark . v rijmen j daemen b preneel a bosselaers e de lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
unemployment well-being and wage curves in eastern europe dg blanchflower aj oswald unpublished manuscript 2000.0 
flexible support for multiple access control policies s jajodia p samarati ml sapino vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems 2001.0 
operational quantum physics p busch m grabowski pj lahti  1997.0 
directory based information collection for qos provisioning in dynamic multimedia environments z fu n venkatasubramania submitted for  
phased array theory and technology rj milloux ieee proceedings 1982.0 
robert j. rickelman if appointment  1976.0 
brownfields redevelopment : programs and strategies for rehabilitating contaminated real estate . ms dennison md  
vane vortex shedding effects on ssme lpotp turbine b marcu d balcazar cd zdenek kj lunde dj proceedings of the 52 '' d jannaf interagency propulsion & hellip ;  
endocrine-immune interactions ornaments and mate choice in red jungle fowl m zuk ts johnsen t maclarty proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
interleaving media data for mpeg-4 presentations j boston m kim w luken e so s wood   
creasing : formulating a hypothesis lc holtzhausen proc . int . soc . citriculture  
efficient content location in mobile ad hoc networks j tchakarov   
a model partnership to recruit and to retain underrepresented engineering students mr anderson-rowland s blaisdell s fletcher p wepan 1998 conference proceedings seattle washington june  
scanning iqe-measurement and accurate current determination on large area solar cells b fischer m keil p fath e bucher   
yu . a. nikolaev yu . r. kevorkyan et al. â ?? embrittlement of low-alloy structural steel under av nikolaeva at .  
improving lectures by understanding studentsâ ?? information processing w mckeachie new directions for teaching and learning : no. 2 . learning & hellip ;  
breast disorders : a review for emergency physicians ml givens m luszczak journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
bringing programming to end users a cypher watch what i do : programming by demonstration  
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining rammm mehta j shafer vldb proceedings of 24th international conference on very & hellip ;  
topics in combinatorial games jm ettinger  1996.0 
functional morphology of the mouthparts of varroa jacobsoni and tropilaelaps clareae as a basis for da griffiths see ref  
reliability of hermetic compressor for r134a appliances c mozzon p sansalvadore procs . of int . seminar on new technology of alternative & hellip ;  
survey research and political socialization mk jennings santa barbara : university of california  
the hydrodynamics of the mixing chambers of a nuclear power plant an opanasenko nn shan ` gin at .  
simulation of the pressure distribution in a spent nuclear fuel reprocessing taylorâ ?? couette device e magere mo deville k atkhen j fontaine proc . fourth eccomas athens greece september  
an analysis of several processor partitioning policies for parallel computers university of s setia sk tripathi md  
a term calculus for intuitionistic linear logic n benton g bierman v de paiva m hyland lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
personal life stories : a strategy for empowerment . lj mckinney pg fry social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
the need for cognition jt cacioppo re petty journal of personality and social psychology  
ontogenesis of sleep in the human rj ellingson see ref  
on meta-modeling for communication in operational process control engineering h albrecht   
an update of research at the national animal disease center on current strains of porcine wl mengeling km lager ac vorwald rd wesley df proceedings of the allen d. leman swine conference & hellip ;  
plsa-based image auto-annotation : constraining the latent space f monay d gatica-perez proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
e. yves schabes . finite-state language processing e roche technical report mit press cambridge massachusetts.  
sb-igfet : an insulated-gate field-effect transistor using schottky barrier contacts for source and mp lepselter sm sze proc . ieee  
experience with a new drum centrifuge dp stewart rs boyle mf randolph proc . int . conf . centrifuge  
on detecting ancient admixture m nordborg see ref 2001.0 
strategische organisation-prinzipien zur vitalisierung und virtualisierung moderne industrie 1996 c scholz   
calibration of the tcm2 conical nozzle and internal flow investigations a chaix m dumitrescu l dumitrescu r brun proc . of 21st int . symp . on shock waves great keppel island & hellip ;  
citation linking : improving access to online journals s hitchcock l carr j hey w hall   
acid-catalysed hydration of prop-2-en-1-01 and 2-me thylprop-2-en-1-01 : correlation of reactivity * t ai chem acc . chem . res 1977.0 
macromolecules 2004 y li ya akpalu   
fail-safe concurrent simulation with eclipse : an introduction f knop e mascarenhas v rego v sunderam submitted for publication  
federated databases and systems : part iâ ?? a tutorial on their data sharing dk hsiao the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
methoden der mathematischen physik . springer berlin 1931 r courant d hilbert vol .  
algebraic surface design with hermite interpolation cl bajaj i ihm acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 1992.0 
state of the art in workflow management research and products c mohan sigmod conference 1996.0 
accelerated living r kurzweil pc  
discovering colocation patterns from spatial data sets : a general approach y huang s shekhar h xiong ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
timing of surgery for aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage pc whitfield pj kirkpatrick cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
parametric probabilistic sensor network routing cl barrett sj eidenbenz l kroc m marathe jp proceedings of the 2nd acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
a process-oriented view of student motivation pr pintrich & hellip ; teaching and learning through research : new directions for & hellip ;  
intensity and fine structure of the main optical absorption bands in hydrated cobaltous salts s koide phil . mag  
active tioga documents : an exploration of two paradigms db terry dg baker   
spatial approval voting jf laslier   
s-parameter measurements in the time domain r tkadlec   
inborn errors in vitamin d metabolism-their contribution to the understanding of vitamin d ua lieberman & hellip ; . proceedings of the seventh workshop on vitamin d. new york & hellip ;  
capbased-ams : a capability-based and event-driven activity management system pck hung hp yeung k karlapalem proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1996.0 
timer-driven database triggers and alerters en hanson lx noronha   
discrimination between different kind of surface defects on compact discs pf odgaard mv wickerhauser submitted for publication 2003.0 
d. skolnick p. seale tw & paul r schwartz sm ( 1986 ) demonstration  
a schema based native xml storage system . ( demo ) xf meng df luo ml lee jos an proc . of the 29th intâ ?? l conf . on very large data bases ( & hellip ;  
offering a precision-performance tradeoff for aggregation queries over replicated data c olston j widom vldb 2000.0 
pendulum swings between rock and hard place p keen computerworld  
extendible hashing : a fast access method for dynamic les r fagin j nievergelt n pippenger r strong acm transactions on database systems  
smart box architecture : a hybrid solution for ip qos provisioning b yener g su e gabber computer networks 2001.0 
program slices as an abstraction for cohesion measurement lm ott jm bieman   
children 's normative beliefs about aggression and aggressive behavior lr huesmann ng guerra journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
clustering techniques for large data setsâ ?? from the past to the future da keim a hinneburg conference on knowledge discovery in data 1999.0 
special issue on knowledge representation rj brachman bc smith acm sigart bulletin 1980.0 
survey of virtual machine research rp goldberg ieee computer  
ramakrishnan r. : an amateurâ ?? s introduction to recursive query processing strategies f bancihhon acm sigmod  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?zero skew clock net routing ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in th chao yc hsu jm ho proc . acm/ieee design automation conf  
evaluating the cost of bird-related damage to civilian and military flights as a vital tool to y leshem proceedings of the 23rd international bird strike committee  
powers . 1999 . making sense of teaching methods in computer education kd powers t daniel proc . 29th asee/ieee frontiers in education conference  
andj . d. ullman . implementing data cubes efficiently v harinarayan a rajaraman proc . of  
a class of data structures for associative searching ja orenstem th merrett proc of sigact-sigmod  
â ?? nondestructive examination of multilayer ceramic capacitors by neutron radiography mj cozzolino gj ewell jl galvagni proc . 28th electron . comp . conf  
contact chemoreceptor mechanisms in the california rock lobster panulirus interruptus ( randall ) je lindsey  1976.0 
best practices in providing nontraditional students with both academic and financial support nk hart new directions for higher education 2003.0 
on the characteristics of the receiver of an mti radar j aoyagi & hellip ; : conference on radar meteorology 22nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
foreword he schaefer r wã 1/4 rschum h gleiter t tsakalakos   
building theories from case study research km eisenhardt the academy of management review 1989.0 
practical global-event-queue-based optimistic simulation algorithms with one backup state vector and sk prasad procs . the first international conference on parallel and & hellip ;  
the â ?? known worldâ ?? ofprimaryschool children p wiegand geography  
theory ofelectric polarization cjf bottcher p bordewijk vol i  
po box 27213 llc o-navi san diego  
status of the vlt nasmyth adaptive optics system ( naos ) proc . spie   
a content routing systemfor distributedinformationservers . technicalreport mitlcstr-578 ma sheldon a duda r weiss jw o'toole jr dk  1993.0 
interpolation and sat-based model checking kl mcmillan lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
color distribution analysis and quantization for image retrieval x wan ccj kuo proc . spie 1996.0 
serotonin ~ 1 ~ b receptor activation mimics behavioral effects of presynaptic serotonin release nl rempel cw callaway ma geyer neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
the complexity of near-optimal graph coloring mr garey ds johnson journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1976.0 
schneider 1988 : dj dewitt s. ghandeharizadeh and d. schneider a performance analysis of the gamma g dewitt proc . acm sigmod  
a case for end system multicast ycs rao h zhang proceedings of acm sigmetrics 2000.0 
contingency perspectives of organizational strategy : a critical review of the empirical research a ginsberg n venkatraman the academy of management review 1985.0 
optimizing continuous multijoin queries over distributed streams y zhou y yan bc ooi kl tan a zhou proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
use of the personal digital assistant for point-of-care trauma documentation l eastes journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 
identity management and its support of multilateral security s clauss m koehntopp computer networks 2001.0 
an active worlds interface to bscw snowdon a huxor d. ( ed . ) churchill e. ( ed . ) : proceedings of collaborative vir -  
environmental hazards : the challenge of change d jones geography  
on the capacity of disjointly shared networks jc lagarias am odlyzko d zagier computer networks 1986.0 
robust learning with missing data p sebastiani machine learning 2001.0 
structural properties of complexity classes da russo phd thesis university of california at santa barbara mar. .  
analyzing the financial state of colleges and universities . c frances aj stenner new directions for higher education 1979.0 
machines ltd r advanced   
r. ; â ?? ontolingua : a mechanism to support portable ontologiesâ ?? t gruber technical report ksl-91-66 . stanford university knowledge  
lactoferrin : goat cdna characterization and assignment of the relevant locus to bovine u12 synteny f le provost m nocart g gu6rin p martin  1994.0 
the notions of consistency and predicate locks in a database system kp eswaren j gray r lorie i traiger comm . acm  
on completeness of historical query languages j clifford a croker a tuzhilin acm transactions on database systems  
steps to an ecology of mind g bateson  1972.0 
existence and construction of edge low congestion paths on expander graphs az broder am frieze e upfal proc . 29th acm symp . on theory of computing  
how organizations differ : implications for multisite program evaluation sj guastello dd guastello new directions for program evaluation  
assessing the validity of matching target and comparison neighborhoods for a spatially-targeted n verma internal memorandum . new york : manpower demonstration & hellip ;  
integrating segmentation and paging protection for safe transparent and efficient software t chiuehâ ? ¦ proc . acm sosp  
sawhney harpreet s. and shim kyuseok . fast similarity search in the presence of noise scaling and a rakesh l king-ip proceedings of the 21 stvldb conference zã 1/4 rich & hellip ;  
change detection in hierarchically structured information . available by anonymous ftp from db s chawathe a rajaraman h garcia-molina j widom  1995.0 
the search for the standard model higgs boson at aleph pa mcnamara iii  2001.0 
increasing immunizations among latino and african-american preschool children in los angeles d wood c sherbourne immunization demonstration project cedar-sinai medical & hellip ;  
campus environmental audits : the ucla experience . aa smith r gottlieb new directions for higher education 1992.0 
designer zinc finger proteins : tools for creating artificial dna-binding functional proteins . m dhanasekaran s negi y sugiura acc chem res 2006.0 
ibuprofen for alzheimerâ ?? s disease n tabet h feldmand cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
predictors of naturalistic sexual aggression nm malamuth journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
congress and the environment . ra cooley g wandesforde-smithâ ? ¦  1970.0 
automatic subspace clustering of high dimensional data for data mining application r aggarwal j gehrke d gunopulos p raghavan proc . acm sigmod conf  
the dimensions antecedents and consequences of emotional labor ja morris dc feldman the academy of management review 1996.0 
a review of software testing . pd coward information and software technology 1988.0 
workplace learning as a cultural technology n solomon new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
optimizing multi-feature queries for image databases wt balke   
optimization of multi-way join queries h lu mc shan kl tan proceedings of the 17th interational conference on  
priority assignment in distributed real-time databases using optimistic concurrency control ky lam vcs lee sl hung bcm kao   
women and empowerment : part i. simulation for early elementary social studies . me hauser jc hauser social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
asope and the fabled promise of process knowledge capture and reuse sg thompson br odgers e kendall bt technology journal 1999.0 
automatic segmentation of text into structured records vr borkar k deshmukh s sarawagi sigmod conference 2001.0 
15-17 1999 piscataway nj : ieee s germany   
maverick intranets a challenge for it c sliva computerworld  
decimeter gps positioning for surface element of sea floor geodesy system le young sc wu th dixon  1987.0 
impacts from the youth incentive entitlement pilot projects : participation work and schooling over g farkasâ ? ¦  1982.0 
canal irrigation and sociopolitical organization in the lowersaltrivervalley : adiachronicanalysis l nicholas j neitzel see ref  
neyman-pearson detection with distributed sensors proc . 25th ieee conf . iy hoballah pk varshney  1986.0 
complexity of colored graph covers i. colored directed multigraphs j kratochvãl a proskurowski ja telle proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ; 1997.0 
anisotropic diffusion of surface normals for feature preserving surface reconstruction t tasdizen r whitaker   
on page-based optimistic process checkpointing d hulse proceedings of the 4th international workshop on object - & hellip ; 1995.0 
using assessment data to improve teaching . pj gray new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
wavelet-based neural net work with fuzzy-logic adaptivi ty for nuclear image restoration w qian lp clarke proceedings-ieee 1996.0 
ew design of a multi-level file management system h ver proc . acm 21st nat . conf. aug  
annotated bibliography on computer-aided process planning hc leung the international journal of advanced manufacturing & hellip ; 1996.0 
proximity search in databases g bhalotia b. tech . project iit-bombay  
iceland internet shopping j wittgreffe r memmory bt technology journal 2000.0 
reasoning about spatial relations in picture retrieval systems ap sistla ct yu r haddad 20th international conference on very large data  
stable dislocations in the common crystal lattices fc frank jf nicholas phil . mag  
a comparison of red 's byte and packet modes wm eddy m allman computer networks 2003.0 
radiation characteristics of fuel and wastes in uâ ?? pu and thâ ?? u fuel cycles ba gabaraev ik ganev av lopatkin at .  
a finctiontrl progrumming approach to deduclivc daruhascs a poulovassilis c small proc . 17lh vldb confcrcncc  
a 2d neuromorphic vlsi architecture for modeling selective attention g indiveri submitted for publication 1999.0 
magnitude and spatial distribution of urban flammable materials in the san jose area california ds simonett  1986.0 
access path selecuon ma rclauonal database management system pc sehnger mm astrahan dd chamberhn ra lone tg procee . atngs of 1979 acm sigmod conference ( june  
wildlife-habitat relationships : concepts and applications ml morrison bg marcot rw mannan  1992.0 
applications of immunocolloids in light microscopy jm lucocq j roth ill . demonstration of antigenic and lectin-binding sites in & hellip ;  
a multi-similarity algebra s adal p bonatti ml sapino vs subrahmanian   
searches for heavy neutrinos from decays of the z ( abstract only ) k osterberg oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
standardizing communications and networks in the icu rm gardner wl hawley patient monitoring and data management conference . aami & hellip ;  
preservice teachersâ ?? development of science activities through a vee heuristic www-based peer cc tsai ssj lin sm yuan submitted for publication  
interactive information systems : information access and retrieval r oliver electronic library 1995.0 
growth and development : ecosystems phenomenology re ulanowicz  1986.0 
opt mtzatson of eztended database languages t selhs l shapiro proceedings of the 1985 acm-sigmod internatmnal conference & hellip ;  
comprehensive analysis of heavy metal streams in pulverized coal-fired boilers taking into account c martel o rentz proceedings of the 23rd international technical conference & hellip ;  
the data flow programming language cajole-an informal introduction cl hankin hw glaser   
ecological methodology : harper and row cj krebs new york  
technology assessment : technology viable to keep â ?? take-homeâ ?? food warm for 30 minutes by neal c sand  2003.0 
deveopment of the richard j. brown library informational kiosk rr davis   
the broadband access facility j kelly r adnams m enrico m whittle bt technology journal 2000.0 
second-order semantic web t margaria b steffen   
recursive star-tree parallel data-structure university of maryland at college park college park o berkman u vishkin md  
interventions for preventing tobacco sales to minors lf stead t lancaster cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
view adaptation in the fragment-based approach fb approach ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
comparing images using color coherence vectors [ a ] p greg z ramin m justin proceedings of acm  
concurrency control hjrr index ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering  
application specification for distributed data base systems pg hebalkar vldb 1978.0 
adaptive scheduling for master-worker applications on the computational grid e heymann ma senar e luque m livny lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
a tutorial on behavioral reflection and its implementation j malenfant m jacques fn demers   
single-shot spectral measurements of multimode pulsed dye lasers ( abstract only ) t kajava h lauranto r salomaa oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
habitat requirements for chesapeake bay living resources . second edition . habitat objectives sl funderburk ja mihursky sj jordan d riley md  
value-added education : a president 's perspective . lm thor new directions for higher education 1994.0 
joint rate control and entropy coding in jpeg2000 w yu f sun j fritts submitted for publication  
common methodology a crabtree j hughes m rouncefield isbn  
mining associations between sets of items in massive database . r agrwal t imielinski a swami proc of the acm sigmod int &#39; i conference on management of & hellip ;  
handbook of vertabrate immunology.â ?? academic press p pastoret g gabriel h bazin a govaerts san diego  
the aids community demonstration projects ( 1997 ) dl higgins c galavotti ko ` reilly j sheridan & hellip ; of the aids community demonstration projects . in n. corby  
metadata for digital libraries : architecture and design rationale mqw baldonado kcc chang   
how do we tell truths that might hurt ew dijkstra acm sigplan notices 1982.0 
optimal shape design for elliptic equations via bie-methods k eppler applied mathematics and computer science 2000.0 
gral : an extensible relational database system for geometric applications 15th int rh gã 1/4 ting conf . on very large data bases  
faculty motivation : the role of a supportive teaching culture ka feldman mb paulsen new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
applications of symbolic execution to program testing ja darringer jc king ieee computer  
a note on `` beyond market baskets : generalizing association rules to correlations '' km ahmed y taha   
tã 1/4 rkiye jeolojisine genel bir bakis i ketin istanbul technical university publication  
the workings of win : a field observation study of three local offices sb levy  1981.0 
evaluating emergent collaboration on the web l terveen w hill proc acm conf comput support coop work 1998.0 
learning about climate sensitivity from the instrumental near-surface temperature record d kelly c kolstad m schlesinger n andronova & hellip ; . santa barbara ca : university of california santa barbara 2000.0 
active immunization of murine allogeneic bone marrow transplant donors with b-cell tumor-derived lw kwak r pennington dl longo   
extended state space model based predictive control '' d di ruscio submitted for  
whither data mining ? r agrawal r srikant   
normalization in oodb design sl byung acm sigmod record-1999-24  
detection of extreme waves in sar images and radar-image sequences h dankert j horstmann w rosenthal   
flexible correction processes in social judgment : the role of naive theories in corrections for dt wegener re petty journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
much ado about shared-nothing mg norman t zurek p thanisch sigmod record 1996.0 
the virtual reference librarian : using desktop videoconferencing for distance reference ra pagell electronic library 1996.0 
blurring the lines : the convergence of higher education and corporate universities j cobb m nelson at issue  
heuristically enhanced optimal control a guez proc . ieee conf . on decisionand control athens greece  
evaluation procedures for reversed phase columns in the analysis of basic compounds by hplc ; dv mccalley rg brereton proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on high  
government conf. washington dc e syst ieee  
board control remuneration committees and top management compensation mj conyon si peck the academy of management journal 1998.0 
innovative colleges : challenge to faculty development n ralph n freedman new directions in higher education 1973.0 
learning to use evidence in the study of history v grim d pace l shopkow new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
participation of human superficialis flexor tendon segments in repair in vitro dp mass rj tuel md 1988.0 
gradual handling of contradiction in argumentation frameworks c cayrol mc lagasquie-schiex intelligent systems for information processing : from & hellip ;  
lecture notes on arithmetic algorithms ge collins university of wisconsin  
f16 jet engine trending and diagnostics with neural networks proc . spie   
psychiatric services on campus . rl arnstein new directions for higher education 1973.0 
h-trees : a dynamic associative search index for 00db cc low bc ooi h lu proceedings acm sigmod  
modern geodetic control in the czech republic based on the densification of euref network j kostelecky j pytel   
force control of one degree-of-freedom manipulators using fuzzy impedance models k watanabe t ohtsubo procs . of the 15th sice kyushu branch annual conference  
automating decision guidance in a group decision environment m limayem g desanctis proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1993.0 
auditing multiple design projectsâ ?? an internet-based approach of design management hj wu hw hsu   
benefits of bounded model checking at an industrial setting f copty l fix r fraer e giunchiglia g kamhi a lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
phd diss : regulation of life history strategies within individuals in predictable and unpredictable jd jacobs univ washington seattle usa  
a unified approach to constrained mapping and routing on network-on-chip architectures a hansson k goossens a radulescu   
1-800-hypertextâ ?? browsing hypertext with a telephone m wynblatt s goose h mollenhauer proc . of acm hypertext  
ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome : imperatives for the emergency physician-prevention and treatment a rutkowski i dubinsky journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
logistics and maritime transport : a fundamental transformation b slack r mccalla c comtois annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;  
secrets of the bosphorus h morgenthau  2001.0 
benchmarking internet servers on superscalar machines y luo j rubio   
algebraic k-theory of local number fields : the unramified case m bokstedt i madsen to  
applied strategic planning : an introduction ld goodstein tm nolan jw pfeiffer jw pfeiffer  1992.0 
programmerâ ?? s reference ole ole microsoft corporation  
student writing in philosophy : a sketch of five techniques sm fishman new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
model1 systeme fuer das studium von polypeptidhormon-receptor-wechselwlrkungen ( doctoral thesis ) e buerglsser umverslty of zurich switzerland  
silicon valley usa dc hoefler electronic news  
trees from glue : chemical biogeography of nasute termites bl bentley gd prestwieh t gush see ref  
nodose { a tool for semi-automatically extracting semi-structured data from text documents . in acm b adelberg seattle washington  
risk sharing in a stochastic overlapping generations model h bohn  1998.0 
volcanism and continentâ ?? island arc collision in the pentadaktylos range cyprus f baroz proc int oph symp cyprus  
the ins and outs ( and everything in between ) of data warehousing d schneider p fernandez sigmod record 1996.0 
fast and reliable collision detection using graphics hardware n govindaraju m lin d manocha proc . of acm vrst  
heterotopic liver transplantation in end-stage hbsag-positive cirrhosis d houssin d franco p berthelot h bismuth lancet i 1980.0 
a stochastic approach for clustering in object bases mm tsangaris jf naughton   
in : pcr protocols : a guide to methods and applications s kwok  1990.0 
social justice evaluation and the educational system dp ericson new directions for program evaluation 1990.0 
robust control of nonlinear time-delay systems c antoniades pd christofides applied mathematics and computer science 1999.0 
portals : toward an application framework for interoperability ma smith communications-acm 2004.0 
defining measuring and evaluating carrying capacity in european tourism destinations h coccossis a mexa a colloviniâ ? ¦ athens greece : environmental planning laboratory of the & hellip ;  
si-y . dynamic buffer allocation in video-on-demand systems sh lee ys moon ky whang technical report 00-11-006 advanced information technology  
a logical view over structured files s abiteboul s cluet t milo vldb journal  
realm-based spatial data types : the rose algebra âº the very large data base j. vol . 4 no. 2 rh guã?ting m schneider  1995.0 
dynamic query-based debugging r lenceivicius u holzle ak singh technical report university of california santa barbara ca  
adapting instruction level parallelism for optimizing leakage in vliw architectures hs kim n vijaykrishnan m kandemir mj irwin   
the fraunhofer ise roadmap for crystalline silicon solar cell technology gp willeke   
george alan blackburn gordon clark and david pilgrim p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
basin-scale variability of phytoplankton biomass production and growth in the atlantic ocean e maraã ± ã ³ n deep-sea research i 2000.0 
a bandwidth model for internet search a uhl vldb 2002.0 
time-it : the time integrated testbed version 1.1 d gao n kline md soo j dunn  2002.0 
the active dbms manifesto a consort acm sigmod record  
design-analysis associativity technology for psi r peak re fulton a chandrasekhar s cimtalay m phase i report : pilot demonstration of step-based stress  
interval logics for temporal specification and verification ys ramakrishna  1994.0 
microsoft windows 2000 server distributed systems guide d lundman d stern  2000.0 
independent components of relations j rissanen acm transactions on database systems 1977.0 
all-optical otdm add-drop node at 16x10 gbit/s in between two fibre links of 150 km j turkiewicz h rohde w schairer g lehmann e proc . 29th europ . conf . opt . commun.  
here is an attempt mr freeberg   
matos 87 g. ã?zsoyoä?lu zm ã?zsoyoä?lu v. matos extending relational algebra and relational o ozsoyoglu acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
bilateral mesh filtering s fleishman i drori d cohen-or proceedings of acm siggraph 2003  
negative ecological effects of the musk thistle biocontrol agent rhinocyllus conicus frã ¶ l sm louda see ref  
heterogenous processing rf freund hj seigel ieee  
temporal conditions and integrity constraints in active databases ap sistla o wolfson proc . of the 1995 sigmod international conference on the  
basic timestamp multiversion timestamp and two phase locking wk lrn j nolte proc 9th vldb ( florence ott  
cautious transaction schedulers with admission control n katoh t ibaraki t kameda acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
generating all permutations by graphical derangements df rall pj slater unpublished manuscript  
ode : a self-guided scenario-based learning environment for object-oriented design principles sp robertson jm carroll rl mack mb rosson sr acm sigplan notices 1994.0 
the globalization of environmental management standards : barriers and incentives in europe and in ma delmas santa barbara ca : university of california at santa barbara & hellip ; 2001.0 
shortcut fusion for accumulating parameters & zip-like functions j svenningsson   
intraspecific plasticity in the social system and mating behaviour of a lek-breeding cichlid fish a rossiter s yamagishi see ref  
using peer institutions in financial and budgetary analyses t anderes new directions for higher education 1999.0 
making judgements about student 's science work : teacher 's concepts and how they help and hinder r hickey proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the western & hellip ;  
live : what a concept ! ... networked games c crawford acm press siggraph series 1998.0 
competitive strategies for electronic marketplaces drt kollmann electronic markets 2000.0 
robotic food chains : externalization of state and program for minimal-agent foraging bb werger mj mataric from animals to animats  
the sleepâ ?? s microstructure in depression : alterations of the phase relations between eeg rhythms j rã ¶ schke k mann  2000.0 
her-2 / neu genomic aberrations in pituitary carcinoma v nosã © bw scheithauer vl lloyd k kovacs e & hellip ; 8th pituitary pathology meeting delphi-athens greece  
high-frequency epr of octahedral mn ( ii ) compounds with large zero-field splittings dml goodgame h el mkami gm smith jp zhao ejl acc . chem . res 1998.0 
a foundation for multidimensional databases vldbâ ?? 97 m gyssens lvs lakshmanan proceedings of 23rd international conference on very large & hellip ;  
the spheresearch engine for unified ranked retrieval of heterogeneous xml and web documents j graupmann r schenkel g weikum 31st international conference on very large databases ( vldb & hellip ; 2005.0 
nonlinear problems of elasticity ss antman  1994.0 
an approximation preserving reduction from graph coloring to the consistency problem of obdds 1994 p fischer hu simon unpublished  
a model of associative memory k nakano j nagumo iyodenshi to seitai kogaku 1972.0 
methodological issues in evaluating integrated services initiatives ms knapp new directions for program evaluation  
image data compression : a review ak jam proc . ieee  
incremental cluster for mining in a data warehousing environment m ester h kriegel j sander m wimmer x xu proc . of 24 thintâ ?? l conf . of vldb  
â ?? and we will welcome themâ ?? : reforming special education through chicago school reform t hehir new directions for program evaluation 1993.0 
intelligent query model for business characteristics r ribeiro a moreira   
punti funzione uml : stato dellâ ?? arte e ipotesi di modelli di valutazione g calavaro g cantone d pace procs . of aica03 trento italy sept  
dimorphism ah romano see ref  
intracellular myocardial recordings in vivo during sustained and transient ventricular fibrillation m manoach rf wyatt d &#39; alche p. advances in electrocardiology ( proceedings on the & hellip ;  
early experience with the compass elbow hinge : a retrospective review [ c ] rb wyrsch dr weikert jg seilerâ ? ¦ procs annual meeting american society for surgery of the & hellip ;  
the 18 th brumaire of louis bonaparte k marx   
inderpa l singh mumick . supporting multiple view maintenance policies ls colby a kawaguchi df lieuwen proceedings of the international conference on management of  
modis leaf area index ( lai ) and fraction of photosynthetically active radiation absorbed by y knyazikhin j glassy jl privette y tian a   
connectivity simplified : an introduction to the ways of networking fj derfler jr pc magazine  
urban centers in the central puget sound region : a baseline summary and comparison psr council puget sound regional council seattle washington usa  
an effective tableau system for the linear timeâµ-calculus jc bradfield j esparza a mader proceedings of the 23rd international colloquium on automata & hellip ; 1996.0 
faster deterministic dictionaries r pagh   
two methods of rijndael implementation in reconfigurable hardware v fischer m drutarovsky lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
liquidâ ?? vapor separation coefficient of dilute solutions of dto in d 2 o yd zelâ ?? venskii ae kovalenko ap timashev va at .  
algorithms for special cases of rectilinear steiner trees : i. points on the boundary of a pk agarwal m shing  1986.0 
join queries with externaltext sources : executionand optimization techniques s chaudhuri u dayal t yan proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conferenceon managementof  
a calculation of the expansion coefficient of germanium a bienenstock phil . mag  
deconstructing babel : xml and application integration h balen   
pieges repulsifs cr acad . sci p tarres  1999.0 
video segmentation combining similarity analysis and classification m cooper   
makeindex version 3.0 j schrod g herr technical university darmstadt  
the ina : a simple query language with only attribute names bi blum rd semmel proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1990.0 
security of signed elgamal encryption cp schnorr m jakobsson lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
axiom : the scientific computation system rd jenks rs sutor  1992.0 
theory of ionization fluctuations je moyal phil . mag  
diffusion anomaly at a surface reconstruction ( abstract only ) t ala-nissila wk han sc ying oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
andl n bruno s chaudhuri & hellip ; : mappingstrategies and performance evaluation â ?? tods  
theory of rayleigh scattering using finite-n random-matrix theory r zimmermann e runge   
condition handling in sql persistent stored modules j richey sigmod record 1995.0 
milestones in the open-source movement l seltzer pc magazine ( march )  
pruning the design space for wide-bit multipliers : an estimation approach for programmable logic - g quan jp davis h devarkal submitted for publication 2004.0 
performance and the broadband window id pearson bt technology journal 2002.0 
the relationship between upper-level divergent outflow magnitude as measured by doppler radar and a witt sp nelson conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
analogue vlsiâ ?? integrate-and-fireâ ?? neuron with frequency adaptation sr schultz ma jabri electronic letters 1995.0 
a simulation environment for multiprocessor architectures 1995 dn jayasimha j may k patel r rao l schwiebert unpublished  
of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil [ z ] jc michael jd david  1996.0 
safe data sharing and data dissemination on smart devices l bouganim c cremarenco fd ngoc n dieu p proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
gisicas : a gis-interfaced computational-process model for activity scheduling in advanced traveler mp kwan  1994.0 
improved estimation evaluation and applications of confidence measures for speech recognition m siu h gish f richardson proc . eurospeech  
dissociating evidence-based and intuition-based self-knowledge : an fmri study md lieberman jm jarcho ab satpute submitted for publication  
what 's in a name ? reputation building and corporate strategy c fombrun m shanley the academy of management journal 1990.0 
zero location with respect to the unit circle of discrete-time linear system polynomials y bistritz proc . ieee  
orthogonal optimization of subqueries and aggregation ca galindo-legaria m joshi sigmod conference 2001.0 
spatial vision in arthropods r wehner handbook of sensory physiology 1981.0 
a theoretical study of the yaw/roll motions of a multiple steering articulated vehicle dh wu proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
table de radionuclã © ides vp chechev isbn  
is pancreatic polypeptide a marker for zollinger-ellison syndrome il taylor e passaro jr lancet i 1978.0 
greek mythology k servi e atzemi  1998.0 
coordination in markets with consumption externalities : the role of advertising and product quality i pastine t pastine unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
homogeneous transmutation of am cm and np in a fast brest reactor ik ganev av lopatkin vv orlov at .  
parlin creek large woody debris placement project bw collins jackson demonstration state forest newsletter  
trial of dynamic signature verification for a real-world identification solution m gifford n edwards bt technology journal 2005.0 
enveloping computers and users in a collaborative 3d augmented reality a butz t hã ¶ llerer s feiner b macintyre c proc . iwar  
manufactured vulnerability : eco-activist tactics in britain b doherty mobilization-san diego - 1999.0 
database graph views : a practical model to manage persistent graphs a gutierrez p pucheral h steffen jm thevenin proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
poã ¨ ãtaã ¨ ovã © viry na prahu milã © nia t pã ¸ ibyl computerworld  
distributed multimedia transmission from multiple servers a majumdar r puri k ramchandran   
practical methods of resistance evaluation of citrus varieties to citrus variegated chlorosis wb li lc donadio mjg beretta v rossetti or proc . int . soc . citicult  
software methodology in the harsh light of economics . kc kang ls levy information and software technology 1989.0 
enhancing pedagogical productivity be walvoord kj pool new directions for higher education 1998.0 
object reusability : the making of data management m fowles conference proceedings on data management 91 table of & hellip ; 1992.0 
deadlock freedom hf korth acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
ethical considerations in internet-based adult education me holt new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
integrating dynamically-fetched external information into a dbms for semistructured data j mchugh j widom sigmod record 1997.0 
a displacement approach to the analysis for seismically induced torsion in buildings e lumantarna ntk lam jl wilson procs . of the australian earthquake engineering society & hellip ;  
combining classifiers in text categorization sl leah wb croft  1996.0 
efficient and effective server-sided distributed clustering hp kriegel m pfeifle proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
a latent semantic classification model mw wang jy nie xq zeng proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
the geography of the â ?? entrepreneurial stateâ ?? : public venture capital programs in the usa â ?? an c thompson k bayer annual conference of the association of american geographers  
will wireless gaming be a winner ? n leavitt   
importance of rice pests and challenges to their management mb cohen s savary n huang o azzam sk datta see ref  
isolation of sperm cells from the trinucleate pollen of sugar beet ( bern vulgaris ) je nielsen p olesen see ref  
a case study in pervasive retail g roussos g giaglis j frissaer   
interventions for reducing the risk of mother-to-child transmission of hiv infection p brocklehurst cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
schema-driven customization of web services s abiteboul b amann j baumgarten o benjelloun proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
the five color concurrency control protocol : non-two-phase locking in general databases . p dasgupta zm kedem acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
an overview of the production quality compiler-compiler project w wulf b leverett r cattell s hobbs j newcomer ieee computer  
on herpetic inflammations of the geniculate ganglion : a new syndrome and its complications jr hunt  1907.0 
a source of durability bias in affective forecasting td wilson t wheatley jm meyers dt gilbert d journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
empirical evaluation of theories for buying and selling prices of binary gambles mh birnbaum s yeary rd luce l zhou submitted for  
active disks for large-scale data mining e riedel g gibson a moore c faloutsos   
institutional economics . its place in political economy jr commons   
special considerations of the individual as a user generator and retriever of information dc engelbart acm sigweb newsletter 1992.0 
intentions to shop using internet catalogues : exploring the effects of product types shopping leor vijayasarathy electronic markets 2000.0 
a fert a and pomeroy ar 1967 ia campbellâ ? ¦ phil . mag  
towards usability guidelines for multimedia systems m bearne s jones j sapsford-francis proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
pid controller performance assessment based on closed-loop response data ap swanda  1999.0 
stock movement prediction and n-dimensional inter-transaction association rules h lu j han l feng   
scottshenker and lixia zhang â ?? macaw : a media acess protocolforwireless lans â ?? ad vaduvurbharghavan proceedings of acm sigcomm  
weed control in liberty link corn . 1996 to 1999 b bean m rowland   
effects of treatment with cyclosporine fk 506 rapamycin mycophenolic acid or deoxyspergualin on cr gregory re pratt p huie r shorthouseâ ? ¦ transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
technology transfer and the university gw matkin  1990.0 
30 2000 the group had entered into the following interest rate option agreements : a september at september  
towards real-time body pose estimation for presenters in meeting environments r poppe d heylen a nijholt m poel submitted for publication 2004.0 
the code book : the science of cyptography from ancient egypt to quantum s singh   
monitoring stream properties for continuous query processing u srivastava s babu j widom   
flexible inner-outer krylov methods ( and inexact krylov methods ) presentation at the latsis v simoncini d szyld eth zurich switzerland  
stratigraphy tectonics paleoclimatology and paleogeography of northern basins of brazil mv caputo  1984.0 
scheraga . ha ( 2000 ) m narayan e welker wj wedemeyer acc . chem .  
laboratory instructor mario donoso email : mdonoso @ uga . edu lecture 9 : 55-10 : 45 tr room 300a gg os texts r readings cw site   
scheduling real-time transactions : a performance evaluation r abbot h garcia-molina 14th conference on very large data bases los angeles  
antibiotics for acute bronchitis l becker r glazier w mcisaac j smucny cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a proposal for a formal model of objects y wand acm press frontier series 1989.0 
analysis of a hailstorm using dual-wavelength data re rinehart conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
spore structure and its relations to resistance dormancy and germination a keynan see rel  
microsoft windows 2000 tcp/ip protocols and services technical reference t lee j davies  2000.0 
removal of phenols from coke-plant wastewater by solvent extraction b prasad g singh environment protection engineering 1993.0 
editorial j regnault r temple bt technology journal 2001.0 
semantic manifold learning for image retrieval yy lin tl liu ht chen proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
characterization of pefs a salmonella typhimurium virulence plasmid-encoded analogue of the nl martin m kohli ga touchie rj kadner j submitted for  
internet pricing and the history of communications [ j ] o andrew computer networks  
blue-green algae dw krogmann see ref  
the national defense center for environmental excellence ( ndcee ) - concurrent technologies corporation mb pavlik tri-service demonstration and validation of the flashjetâ ®  
combining edges and points for interactive anti-aliased rendering k bala b walter d greenberg   
automatic subspace clustering of high dimensional data mining applications r agrawal j gehrke d gunopulos p raghavan proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
nasa biospheric sciences code 923 goddard space flight center greenbelt jl privette   
object-relational databases on the www : design and implementation m paskin p seshadri submmited to acm  
neuro-genetic prediction of software development effort kk shukla information & software technology 2000.0 
log concavity and its applications m bagnoli t bergstrom  1988.0 
old pharmaceutical vessels a diamondopoulos m marsellos athens medical society athens  
tamoxifen for relapse of ovarian cancer cj williams cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
analysis of the relationship between workers and employers perceptions of important job skills rk morgan  2000.0 
efficiency of preventive treatment for osteoporosis after renal transplantation a ugur n guvener i isiklar h karakayali r transplant proc 2000.0 
evaluating the potential impact of transgenic crop varieties in the third world : documenting farmers da cleveland d soleri fa cuevas mrf lopez hr crop science society of america seattle washington usa  
card 1994 . â ?? the table lens : merging graphical and symbolic representations in an interactive focus + r rao k stuart proc . of acm  
how abstract machines implement head linear reduction v danos l regnier submitted for publication  
proto-oncogene of int-3 a mouse notch homologue is expressed in endothelial cells during early y shirayoshi y yuasa t suzuki k sugaya e genes to cells 1997.0 
theoretical investigation of a linear planar model of a passenger car with seated people gj stein p mucka proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2003.0 
architectural considerations for a new generation of protocols d tennenhouse d clark proc . acm  
on satisfiability equivalence and implication problems involving conjunctive queries in database s guo w sun ma weiss ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 1996.0 
dynamic quorum adjustment for partitioned data m herlihy acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
campylobacter jejuni infection in a research worker associated with exposure to a poultry abattoir m toszeghy j shreeve a ridley g mead ja   
effects of altered responsibility cognitive set and modeling on physical aggression and e diener j dineen k endresen al beaman sc journal of personality and social psychology 1975.0 
stacked indexed views in microsoft sql server d dehaan pa larson j zhou proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
efficiently supporting ad hoc queries in large datasets of time sequences kf jagadish h faloutsos proc . acm sigmod int . conf . management  
impact of ghettoization on black employment s davies dl huff economic geography 1972.0 
database research at la trobe university j zeleznikow sigmod record 1992.0 
stonehouse 1999 . developing a decision support system for manure management mj goss jr ogilvie ramiran-8th international conference on management  
continued fractions with three limit points ge andrews bc berndt j sohn aj yee a zaharescu submitted for  
s-plus for arcview gis-users guide version 1.0 '' and '' s-plus spatial stat . '' m inc data analysis products division seattle washington april  
the hbp-tree : a modified hb-tree supporting concurrency recovery and node consolidation g evangelidis d lomet b salzberg proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
query decomposition for unstructured query languages d suciu vldb september  
from creutzfeldt-jakob disease to the mad cow epidemic g sternbach cl dibble j varon journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
explosion products content of water and soil samples taken on vieques island puerto rico . white oak mg lai md  
412p e version isbn  
cohomology of sheaves b iversen  1986.0 
ppargamma ligands increase expression and plasma concentrations of adiponectin an adipose-derived n maeda m takahashi t funahashi s kihara h diabetes-new york - 2001.0 
a qualitative approach to organisational goal setting for information systems development pdc bennetts s mills t wood-harper software quality management-international conference - 1998.0 
an improvedapproximationratio for the minimum latencyproblem mgj kleinberg proc . 7th acm-siam  
long-range predictive control using weighting-sequence models dw clarke   
dynamic presentation of asynchronous auditory output a papp mm blattner proceedings of acm multimediaâ ?? 96 1996.0 
distributed fault-tolerant computer systems da rennels ieee computer  
changing ideas of the habitable world cj glacken see thomas  
mechanism for transduction of the ligand-binding signal in heme-based gas sensory proteins revealed t uchida t kitagawa acc . chem . res 2005.0 
broadcast anti-jamming systems y desmedt r safavi-naini h wang lm batten c computer networks 2001.0 
soft toys with computer hearts : personal storytelling environments . m umaschi proceedings of acm sigchi  
functional dependencies on cyclic database schemes k laver ao mendelzon mh graham proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
temporal database bibliography update . temporal databases : research and practice y wu s jajodia x wang  1998.0 
ruling los angeles : neighborhood movements urban regimes and the production of space in southern m purcell urban geography 1997.0 
the locked medicine cabinet : hmong health care in america es kirton  1985.0 
effective web instruction : handbook for an inquiry-based process t frick e boling unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
the generalized pre-grouping transformation : aggregate-query optimization in the presence of a tsois t sellis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
software architecture : introducing ieee standard 1471 mw maier d emery r hilliard   
potential and limitations of a teleteaching environment based on h. 323 audio-visual communication p balaouras i stavrakakis lf merakos computer networks 2000.0 
stability of linear markov jump systems x feng ka loparo proc . ieee 29th conf . decision and contr. honolulu . hawaii  
an anti-aliasing technique for splatting je swan k mueller t moeller n shareef r proc . visualization  
evolution of neuronal changes in the course of alzheimer 's disease h braak e braak journal of neural transmission supplementum 1998.0 
using catalogues to track institutional viability and change . mj amey new directions for higher education 1992.0 
probabilistic temporal databases : algebra and implementation a dekhtyar r ross vs subrahmanian technical report cs-tr-3987 university of maryland ( january  
the smarandache class of paradoxes ct le journal of indian academy of mathematicsâ ?? bombay india & hellip ;  
prediction of intron splice sites in arabidopsis thaliana by combining local and global sequence s hebsgaard p korning j engelbrecht p rouze s  1996.0 
what we can learn from coursework patterns about improving the undergraduate curriculum . jl ratcliff new directions for higher education 1992.0 
supporting multiple access control policies in database systems f rabitti e bertino w kim d woelk acm transactions on database systems  
on stability of circular hole in membrane bilayer m fosnaric v kralj-iglic h hagerstrand a iglic cellular and molecular biology letters 2001.0 
performance analysis of hierarchical reliable multicast a markopoulou f tobagi proc . of acm  
determination of mercury in coal using fi-cvaas and fi-cv-icp-ms m bettinelli s spezia s roberti  1999.0 
the effects of limited ( information only ) asthma education on health outcomes of adults with asthma pg gibson j coughlan aj wilson m hensley m cochrane database syst rev  
server isa nebezpeã ¨ nã 1/2 computerworld  
margin and sensitivity methods for security analysis of electric power systems s greene  1998.0 
special features of the physics and thermophysics of the irgit reactor va konovalov gv konyukhov at .  
radio k-colorings of paths g chartrand l nebesky p zhang discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2004.0 
metrical structure in a tone language : the foot in slave ( athapaskan ) k rice proceedings of the 23rd annual regional meeting of chicago & hellip ;  
tri-national in an acquisition mode : activity picking up at two major baja california resorts tk biberman san diego transcript  
peer-to-peer semantic coordination p bouquet l serafini s zanobini journal of web semantics 2004.0 
the reviews editor for primary geographer is david owen . p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
zinc finger motif nucleocapsid protein-facilated gene transfer with lipoplexes and polyplexes j zhu l zhang r reszka  1999.0 
what is the formal methods debate about a hall ieee computer  
automated support of software maintenance k bennett information and software technology 1991.0 
choosing reference views for image-based representation t werner v hlavã ¡ c a leonardis t pajdla proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ; 1996.0 
stock splits and information : the role of share price rm conroy rs harris financial management 1999.0 
a model for aids education d longshore new directions for program evaluation 1990.0 
the forgotten vital sign : temperature patterns and associations in 642 trauma patients at an urban j mize j koziol-mclain sr lowenstein journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
surgery for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia pl martin-hirsch e paraskevaidis h kitchener cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
lounasmaa 0 . v. 1957 rw hill phil . mag  
the sequouia 2000 storage benchmark m stonebraker j frew j dozier proceedings of acm sigmod conference on the management of  
elsevier health sciences v querciali pwmp supplies   
assessment of the memorial student center staff on high performance leadership characteristics lpc instrument  2001.0 
query optimization in the presence of foreign functions s chaudhuri k shim proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
atre s. owre h. rue and n. shankar . ics : integrated canonization and solving jc filli proceedings of cav  
galileo : a strongly-typed a albano l cardelli r orsini interactive conceptual language '' acm tods  
tutorial on data fusion in information retrieval pb kantor acm sigir . seattle washington  
holoprosencephaly with dandy-walker cyst diagnosed in utero by mri : report of a case t takagi n hashimoto h togari k suzumori no to hattatsu 1988.0 
ptranâ ?? the ibm parallel translation system v sarkar acm press frontier series 1991.0 
the use of regression methodology for the compromise of confidential information in statistical ma palley js simonoff acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
metadata managementfor large statistical database j mccarthy the international conference on very large data  
an advanced software environment for transnetwork computing r kannan kj cleetus r reddy submitted for  
a generator of radar rainfall data wf krajewski kp georgakakos conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
interactive manipulation of replay speed while listening to speech recordings w hã 1/4 rst t lauer g gã ¶ tz proceedings of acm multimedia 2004 2004.0 
per - ake larson and frank w. tompa . e ciently updating materialized views ja blakeley acm sigmod international conference on the management of & hellip ;  
supercompilers for parallel and vector computers h zima b chapman   
unix programmerâ ?? s manual bell telephone labs murray hill nj july 1974 dm ritchie acm transactions on database systems  
rule-based spatiotemporal query processing for video databases me dã ¶ nderler ã ? ulusoy u gã 1/4 dã 1/4 kbay the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
scott corson institute for systems research university of maryland college park m authorsâ ?? addresses   
compact b-trees al rosenberg l snyder proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
church-related colleges and universities : an agenda for the 1990 s and beyond . rl noftzgerâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1992.0 
november . the armada file system r oldfield d kotz unpublished manuscript [ online ] . available : http://www . cs . & hellip ;  
proceedinas 14th ieee photovoltaic soecialists conference ss li wl wang pw lai ry loo gs kamath rc san diego  
a teaching strategy for memory-based control jw sheppard sl salzberg artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
efficient structural joins on indexed xml documents sy chein z vagena d zhang vj tsotras c zanilo  2002.0 
welfare-to-work choices and challenges for states a after  1997.0 
searching for . com-ponents t harbert electronic business  
on the possibility and impossibility of achieving clock synchronization d dolev j halpern hr strong proceedings of the sixteenth annual acm symposium on theory & hellip ; 1984.0 
m-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metric t ciaccia m patella p zezula proc . 23rd int . conf . on vldb  
the possible-world wide web ww wadge a yoder intensional programming  
norms rather than leadership : how to manage vanishing resource and inequity c von borgstede unpublished manuscript  
field measurements of residual strain in granitic rock masses hs swolfs j handin hr pratt see price  
component-based e-commerce : assesment of current practices and future directions m bichler a segev jl zhao sigmod record 1998.0 
the mechanism of mutual flame annihilation of stoichiometric premixed methane-air flames t echekki jh chen ir gran proc . 26th symp . ( int . ) on  
international study for outstanding students : a case study m gage new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
understanding intranets t greer  1998.0 
assignment of responsibility for an accident e walster journal of personality and social psychology 1966.0 
development of the linc ce molnar wa clark acm press history series 1990.0 
monitoring and blunting : validation of a questionnaire to assess styles of information seeking under sm miller journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
breeding farm practices jw britton equine medicine and surgery santa barbara california & hellip ;  
design metrics for database systems rhm gray bn carey na mcglynn ad pengelly bt technology journal  
private partnerships and public networks in europe federal trust report h cowie   
object-oriented concepts databases and applications w kim fh lochovsky  1989.0 
designing development rules for artificial evolution ag rust r adams s george h bolouri   
analysis of accelerograms of the patrasâ ?? seismic sequence ( 14 july 1993 ) recorded at national gn stavrakakis is kalogeras jk drakopoulos proc . of esc xxiv general assembly athens greece  
the salutogenic model and the use of the sense of coherence scale in nursing researchâ ?? a a langius h bjã ¶ rvell vã ¥ rd i norden  
an adaptative algorithm for incremental evaluation of production rules f fabret m rã © gnier e simon proc . international conference on very large  
communications programming for windows 95 ca mirho a terrisse  1996.0 
parametric curve fitting for feedback-driven query result-size estimation a konig gwc histograms proc . 25th vldb  
neftekhimiya ai akhmedov am levshina za sadykhov no . i  
adaptive backtrace and dynamic partitioning enhance atpg a lioy proc . int . conf . computer design  
on the analyticity in the potential in classical statistical mechanics d iagolnitzer b souillard communications in mathematical physics 1978.0 
external cephalic version facilitation for breech presentation at term gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
optimal load sharing in soft real-time systems : an on-iine algorithm using likelihood ratio ekp chong pj ramadge proc . 29th ieee conf . on decision and control  
scheduling support for multicasting sessions in broadband communication networks kh sheta m singhal computer networks 1999.0 
concurrency control issues m nested transactwns t haerder k rothermel research report ibm almaden research laboratory san jose  
page allocation to reduce access time of physical pages bk bray wl lynch mj flynn technical report csl-tr-90-454 stanford university  
toward a behavioral theory of charismatic leadership in organizational settings ja conger rn kanungo the academy of management review 1987.0 
high assurance computing on open hardware architectures y chen p england m peinado b willman   
guidelines for bank stabilization projects in riverine environments of king county king county aw johnson jm stypula seattle washington  
towards a spatial query language : user interface considerations mj egenhofer au frank vldb 1988.0 
interventions for treating acute and chronic achilles tendinitis gj mclauchlan hh handoll cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
qualitative modeling and simulation : promise or illusion fe cellier proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter simulation 1991.0 
testing a walkthrough methodology for theory-based design of walk-up-and-use interfaces 1990 c lewis p polson c wharton j rieman proceedings of acm chi â ?? 90 seattle  
leslie carr and wendy hall ( 2003 ) '' decentering the dancing text : from dance intertext to hypertext t miles-board jl deveril proc . of acm conference on  
energy minimization with discontinuities y boykov o veksler r zabih submitted for  
the medusa project : autonomous data management in a shared-nothing parallel database machine gm bryan we moore bj curry kw lodge j geyer proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
decentralized multi-echelon supply chains : incentives and information h lee s whang management science 1999.0 
computer aided design and fabrication of partial foot prosthesis da boone d mathews d smith proceedings of the 23rd aaop annual meeting & scientific & hellip ;  
duplicate record removal in large data files d bitton dj dewitt acm tods  
application of dc transfer characteristics in the elimination of redundant vectors for transient s chandrasekar ti india v visvanathan gk   
developing adaptive internet based courses with the authoring system netcoach g weber hc kuhl s weibelzahl lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
the effect of join selectivities on optimal nesting order a kumar m stonebraker sigmod record 1987.0 
three presentations on geographical analysis and modeling : non-isotropic geographic modeling ; wr tobler  1993.0 
an investigation of the performance of various dynamic scheduling tecniques y patt m butler proceedings of the 25 thinternational symposium and workshop & hellip ;  
small-depth counting networks m klugerman   
parallel r-trees i kamel c faloutsos proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data 1992.0 
report shows monitoring of employees on the rise t diederich computerworld  
incorporating diversity into the professoriate tl chandler new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
on the dilatancy of media composed of rigid particles in contact . with experimental illustrations o reynolds phil . mag  
substance abuse programming in shelter settings m argyriou d mccarty community demonstration grant projects for alcohol and drug & hellip ;  
role of vanadium in biology br nechay lb nanninga pse nechay rl post jj fed proc  
investigative strategy in international technical assistance projects dw chapman new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
adaptable similarity search in large image databases t seidl hp kriegel   
clay-size carbonate in the northwest atlantic labrador sea : an indicator for laurentide ice sheet me kirby proceedings of the 25th arctic workshop centre dâ ?? ã?tudes & hellip ;  
and answer assembly ã ? ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? ã?ã ? ã?ã ? ã?ã ? ã ? sigmod record 2004.0 
a platform based on the multi-dimensional data model for analysis of bio-molecular structures s srinivasa s kumar proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
in the midst of winter : living dying and grieving in the context of aids . [ videocassette ] lc dick seattle washington : northwest aids video project  
the great destroyer.â ?? f trade  1996.0 
query flocks : a generalization of association-rule mining s abitboul c clifton r motwani s nestorov d & hellip ; of the acm international conference on management of data (  
international reference ionosphere 1990 rep. nssdc 90-22 natl. space sci . data cent. greenbelt d bilitza md  
hierarchical locative reasoning for autonomous mobile platforms a saotti lp wesley procs . of the ieee intelligent vehicles symp  
dataguides : enabling query formulation and optimization in semistructured data r goldman j widom proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very  
hate in cyberspace : regulating hate speech on the internet a tsesis san diego law review 2001.0 
mit scheme userâ ?? s manual c hanson   
computational aspects of a first-order logic with sorts c weidenbach to  
on the equivalence of recursive and nonrecursive datalog programs s chaudhuri my vardi   
consortium purchasing je bishop new directions for higher education 2002.0 
fracture mechanics and infrared measurements of the selfdiffusion of chains in polymer melt hh kausch k jud proc . 28th iupac macromolecular symposium  
using and determining location in a context-sensitive tour guide n davies   
on optimistic methods for concurrency control ht king jt robinson very large data bases 1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ; 1979.0 
artificial neural networks in process engineering mj willis c di massimo ga montague mt tham aj & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1991.0 
utilisation of vesicular-arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in citrus orchards t ishii k kadoya proc . int . soc . citriculture  
energy star pcs power to the pc b nadel pc magazine  
j. batter in p. kilpatrick . project grope-haptic displays for scientific visualization f brooks m ouh-young proceedings of acm  
amalgamating knowledge bases ii : distributed mediators s adali vs subrahmanian   
arc : an integrated admission and rate control framework for cdma data networks based on non - h lin m chatterjee sk das k basu proceedings of acm mobicom 2003.0 
the integration and training of arbitrary-order hmms ja du preez dm weber & hellip ; journal on intelligent information processing systems ( & hellip ;  
scalable sweeping-based spatial join t suel js vitter   
s. muthukrishnan and mj strauss â ?? surfing wavelets on streams : one-pass summaries for approximate ac gilbert y kotidis proc . very large data bases conf  
a close look at flenfluramine and dexfenfluramine le vivero po anderson rf clark journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
mother 's tetanus immunisation is associated not only with lower neonatal mortality but also with ny luther   
t - | . r. yeager and rw dutton '' pisces i | : poisson and continuity equation solver ' mr pinto cs rafferty stanford university technical report stanford university  
n rand raveau b 1989 cnr rao acc . chem . res  
recent bt patents sm gannon bt technology journal 1998.0 
safe stratified datalog with integer order does not have syntax ap stolboushkin ma taitslin acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 
nondestructive evaluation of thermallyshocked plasticic packages using acousticmicroscopy je semmens lw kessler proc . 29th ann . / eee intâ ?? l reliabilty symp. istfa  
the ants b holldobler eo wilson  1990.0 
the air trac ow management problem with enroute capacities d bertsimas s stock operations research to  
gpcad : a tool for cmos op-amp synthesis m del mar hershenson sp boyd th lee proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
laser-based alignment system for the j-parc linac m ikegami y higashi h tanaka kek takao kato j   
embedded application design using a real-time os dacâ ?? 99â ?? design automation conference new d stepner n rajan d hui proceedings acm press  
seer cancer statistics review 1973â ?? 1991 : tables and graphs . nih pub . 96-2789 . national cancer cl kosary lag ries ba miller bf hankey a md  
differential qos and pricing in networks : where flow control meets game theory pb key dr mcauley iee proceedings software 1999.0 
regulation of ucp1 and ucp2 gene expression by dietary conjugated linoleic acid ( cla ) in zucker cp portocarrero de bauman dm barbano jr zierath san diego  
the logic of evaluation and evaluation practice m scriven new directions for program evaluation 1995.0 
a news on demand service via multimedia e-mail sm lee ty kim proceedings of the 25 thkiss spring conference  
inside microsoft windows 2000 3âª edi da solomon me russinovich  2000.0 
evaluation of edge caching/offloading for dynamic content delivery c yuan y chen z zhang ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
development of large high-performance lenses for astronomical spectrographs hw epps proc . spie 1998.0 
entity relationship modelling addison-wesley pub co r barker  1990.0 
the utility of reversed transfers in metaphor ja barnden   
multiplier verification using bdds jr burch proc . 28th design automation conf  
advanced internetwork designâ ?? today and in the future gm whalley p hitchen a smith k linsell p bt technology journal 1998.0 
intranet products : content and collaboration t pompili pc magazine-american edition - 1996.0 
visualization of a pdp discharge growth and an interpretation of the growth mechanism t shiga k igarashi s mikoshiba proc . int . display workshop  
towards a theory of cost management for digital libraries ap sistla o wolfson y yesha r sloan  1998.0 
wood-water relations c skaar  1988.0 
mnras pt de zeeuwâ ? ¦  2001.0 
high level indexing of user-defined types w chen jh chow yc fuh j grandbois m jou nm proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ; 1999.0 
nabokov 's dialectical structure ct williams wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
the diamondback moth and its natural enemies in jamaica and other caribbean islands mm alam see ref  
static preservation of dynamic constraints : a semantics-based approach v benzaken s cerrito s praud   
professor of materials d clarke university of california santa  
express multicast : an extended service model for globally scalable ip multicast h holbrook dr cheriton proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 99  
multimedia call admission control with qos-guaranteeing in next-generation wireless networks : a f hu nk sharma computer  
rural advanced life support update course jtb rourke journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
o lj rosenwasser and sm wolff ca dinarel demonstration of a circulating thymocytes suppressor factor  
joins n koudas d srivastava t yu xml approximate acm  
care and maintenance of salt brines b wendorff m johnson   
i. uchida vd neff k itaya acc . chem . res  
orientation dependence of the threshold displacement energy in copper and vanadium ea kenik te mitchell phil . mag  
the basic building blocks for modeling communication behavior of complex objects : an activity-driven l liu r meersman acm transactions on database systems  
chemtracts-organic chemistry 1991 4 403 ; tidwell tt bb snider acc . chem . res  
cost-based selection of path expression in object-oriented databases g gardarin j gruser z tang proc . 22nd international conference on very large data bases  
cache conscious algorithms for relational query processing a shatdal c kant jf naughton proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
the space overhead of customization s dieckmann   
an experiment to characterize videos on the world wide web s acharya b smith proc . acm multimedia  
source-location privacy in energy-constrained sensor network routing c ozturk y zhang w trappe   
quantum theory of atoms molecules and the solid state w shockley ja copeland rp james new york : academic  
â ?? metadata management for large statlstlcal databases mc ca821 jl carthy proc vldb conf  
infanticide risk and the evolution of male-female association in primates cp van schaik pm kappeler proceedings : biological sciences 1997.0 
source acm sigmod record archive hv jagadish acm sigmod record 1990.0 
s. 162 ff. ; ebenso jakobs b hake   
ec 120 design jc bouvier european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
selenium/zeolite y nanocomposites . a goldbach ml saboungi acc . chem . res 2005.0 
dietary cation-anion difference : preventing milk fever dk beede feed management  
hysteresis current-forced three phase voltage-sourced reversible rectifier aw green jt boys iee proceedings 1989.0 
what do i know about language learning ? the story of the beginning teacher j brown j mcgannon proceedings of the 23rd alaa ( australian linguistics & hellip ;  
on bayesian interval prediction of future records ek al-hussaini aa ahmad  2001.0 
message proxies for e-cient bh lim p heidelberger p pattnaik m snir & hellip ; communication on smp clusters '' ibm almaden research report & hellip ;  
operation of a megawatt coaxial gyrotron at 165 ghz ct iatrou o braz g dammertz s kern m kuntze b proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves & hellip ;  
monitoring software l seltzer pc magazine  
sensing of dna non-homology lowers the initiation of meiotic recombination in yeast v rocco a nicolas genes to cells 1996.0 
low-cost delay-bounded point-to-multipoint communication to support multicasting over wdm networks tf znati t alrabiah r melhem computer networks 2002.0 
time - and space-optimality in b-trees al rosenberg l snyder acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
there 's more to self-esteem than whether it is high or low : the importance of stability of self - mh kernis dp cornell cr sun a berry journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
changes in the surface heat transfer coefficient during meat thawing sj james c bailey proc 28th eur meeting meat res workers madrid  
component-based user-constructed multiple-view visualization c north b shneiderman   
analysis and simulation of clutch engagement judder and stick-slip in automotive powertrain systems a crowther n zhang dk liu jk jeyakumaran   
structure detection and model validity tests in the identification of nonlinear systems sa billings wsf voon iee proceedings 1983.0 
â ?? honey i shrunk the databaseâ ?? : footprint mobility and beyond p seshadri proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1999.0 
trace elements in high purity copper by zeeman graphite furnace aas e sentimenti g mazzetto at . spectrosc. 1986.0 
the error concealment feature in the h. 26l test model yk wang mm hannuksela v varsa a hourunranta m   
software requirements e wiegers karl  2003.0 
an extensible program representation for object-oriented software ba malloy jd mcgregor a krishnaswamy m acm sigplan notices 1994.0 
the categorial status of determiners g giusti the new comparative syntax 1997.0 
identification of errors in software requirements through use of automated requirements tools js davis  1989.0 
annotation composition and invocation of semantic web services s agarwal s handschuh s staab journal of web semantics ( to 2004.0 
fourth int . symp . on independent component analysis and blind signal separation s in amari a cichocki s makino n murata   
dynamic parsers and evolving grammars s cabasino ps paolucci gm todesco acm sigplan notices 1992.0 
on a special case of hadwiger 's conjecture md plummer m stiebitz b toft discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2003.0 
cheetah : a lightweight transaction server for plug-and-play internet data management g pardon g alonso vldb 2000.0 
the extrapyramidal system fa mettler hw ades e lipman ea culler an experimental demonstration of function . arch . neural . & hellip ;  
one flavor assumption and gamma-acyclicity for universal relation views h biskup l schnetgoke proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
history and focus c work ieee  
informix-online xps : a dynamically scalable rdbms for open parallel platforms h spintzik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
cycle filling as parallelization with expansion law y takayama submitted to publication  
education in the united states [ cd-rom ] ag powell microsoftâ ® encarta  
distributed linear hashing and parallel projection in main memory databases s pramanik c severance p wolberg proceedings of the conference on very large databases  
linear hashing : a new tool for file and table addressing w litwin vldb 1980.0 
audio illusions for audio feedback m beaudouin-lafon s conversy companion proceedings of acm  
fishbone generation of sheared flows and the creation of transport barriers sd pinches s gunter ag peetersâ ? ¦   
vibronic interactions in molecules and crystals ib bersuker vz polinger  1989.0 
programming for multiple monitors in windows 98 p modzelewski pc  
design issues for a dexter-based hypermedia k grã ¸ nbã ¦ k rh trigg proc . acm echt conference ( 1992 )  
multidimensional access methods : trees have grown everywhere tk sellis n roussopoulos c faloutsos proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
motivation in interdisciplinary programs eb nuhfer new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
aries/im : an efficient and high concurrency index management method using write-ahead c mohan f levine  1989.0 
semantic overlay networks a crespo h garcia-molina submitted for publication 2002.0 
manual for the laboratory temperament assessment battery ( version 1 ) hh goldsmith mk rothbart unpublished manuscript  
system/u : a database system based on the universal relation assumption hf korth gm kuper j feigenbaum a van gelder jd acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 
cooperative transaction hierarchies : a transaction model to support design applications mh nodine sb zdonik vldb 1990.0 
a sequential algorithm for training classifiers dd lewis wa gale proceedings of acm  
software system safety ng leveson proceedings 1985.0 
polymerization of preformed self-organized assemblies b armitage a benedicto de bennet hg lamparski acc . chem . res  
auditing multiple design projects-an internet-based approach management hj wu hw hsu the 2000 ieee international conference on management of  
tension hydrothorax due to ventriculopleural shunting-a useful alternative c beachâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
the canonical metric for vector quantization j baxter submitted for publication 1995.0 
rizatriptan for acute migraine ( cochrane review ) ad oldman la smith hj mcquay ra moore cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
12 tips for better presentations . g venditto pc  
reflections on effective application of information technology in organisations from the perspective r benjamin m scott-morton & hellip ; computers and intelligent systems : information processing 1992.0 
ypaâ ?? an intelligent directory enquiry assistant a de roeck u kruschwitz p neal p scott s steel bt technology journal 1998.0 
arithmetic and algebra continuity or cognitive break ? m cerulli ma mariotti proceedings of the 25 thconference of the pme . utrecht nl  
on a singularly perturbed one dimensional damped hyperbloic problem an carvalho sm bruschi submitted for  
product liability punitive damages business decisions and economic outcomes s garber wisconsin law review 1998.0 
risk precaution and environmental values s jasanoff   
long-acting beta2-agonists for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients with poorly reversible s appleton p poole b smith a veale a bara cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
an essay on state-dependent utility the tort system as insurance and strict liability versus ideas.repec.org   
concepts for design of an information system conceptual schema and its utilization in the remora o foucaut c rolland vldb  
competitve strategy m porter new york  
ozone depletion rates in the late winter/early spring arctic and antarctic stratosphere according to e kyro p taalas oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
anti-multipath coded modulation m alles h leib submitted for  
dynamics of discrete quantum nonlinear schroedinger equations ( abstract only ) r lohikoski e viitala j timonen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
electronic commerce : introduction and challenges nr adam y yesha   
a theorem in tidal hydrodynamics j proudman phil . mag  
nimda forces network shutdowns r field computerworld  
exceptions to constraints in databases : live and learn a borgida w williamson proceedings of the llth vldb conference  
pharmacokinetics of mycophenolate mofetil ( rs61443 ) : a short review res bullingham a nicholls m hale transplant proc 1996.0 
the interface chemistry between chalcogenide clusters and open framework chalcogenides . p feng x bu n zheng acc . chem . res 2005.0 
the family transition program : implementation and three-year impacts of floridaâ ?? s initial time - d bloom m farrell jj kemple n verma  1999.0 
opportunities for data base reorganization b shneiderman acm sigmod record 1974.0 
implementation and evaluation of decision trees with range and region splitting y morimoto t fukuda s morishita t tokuyama constraints 1997.0 
reasoning in metaphor understanding : the att-meta approach and system j barnden s glasbey m lee a wallington ja   
two-level models of hypertext j mayfield lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
boolean programs : a model and process for software analysis t ball sk rajamani   
systeme de stereovision pour la detection dâ ?? obstacles et de vehicule temps reel g toulminet a bensrhair s mousset a broggi p procs . 18th symposium  
ketorolac versus acetaminophen-codeine in the emergency department treatment of acute low back pain - gd innes p croskerry j worthington r beveridge journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
evaluating the effects of transient faults on vehicle dynamic performance in automotive systems f corno f esposito ms reorda s tosato   
case generation using rough sets with fuzzy representation sk pal p mitra knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
academic press inc e cg san diego  
fast sequential algorithm to find shuffle-minimizing and shortest paths in a shuffle-exchange j hershberger stanford university : technical report cs-tr 85-1050  
also called jscp c authorities   
performance simulation of brushless doubly-fed adjustable speed drives r spee ak wallace  1989.0 
performance evaluation of an event-driven simulation machine f hirose proc . of 29th design automation conference  
packet fragmentation in inter-network protokols jf shoch computer networks  
more opportunity fewer women in it b cole-gomolski computerworld  
translation lexicon acquisition from bilingual dictionaries ds doermann h ma b karagol-ayan dw oard proceedings of spie 2004.0 
organizations in transition : opportunities and challenges for evaluation cl larson h preskillâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
developmental differences in acute nigrostriatal and mesocorticolimbic system response to mh teicher ni barber ha gelbard al gallitano neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
rule management in object oriented databases : a uniform approach vldb.org vldb 1991.0 
propagation of an elliptic gaussian laser beam in a medium with saturable nonlinearity s konar a sengupta   
fit simplicity and risk : multiple paths to strategic it change pw yetton jf craig kd johnston proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1995.0 
multipotential nestin-positive stem cells isolated from adult pancreatic islets differentiate ex h zulewski ej abraham mj gerlach pb daniel w diabetes-new york - 2001.0 
immunohistochemical localization of igf-i in the adult rat ha hansson a nilsson j isgaard h billig o  1987.0 
enabling wide-area replication of database services with continuous consistency k walsh a vahdat j yang unpublished  
computing facts in non-horn deductive systems el lozinskii vldb 1988.0 
f. jarzeba w. 1988 pf barbara acc . chem . res  
recognizing userâ ?? s context from wearable sensors : baseline system k mase b clarkson a pentland technical report massachusetts institute of technology media  
wavecluster : a multi-resolution clustering approach for very large spatial databases o shmueli j widom g sheikholeslami s chatterjee & hellip ; - fourth international conference on very-large databases  
gully erosion risk in vineyard parcels of the ne spain : determining factors and logistic modelling a meyer ja martãnez - casasnovas catena ( submitted for publication february 1998 )  
an evaluation of the training and development of adult students at the ntc wausau wisconsin m gosz  2002.0 
drainage in arid regions jh boumans   
database selection using complete physical and acquired logical collection resources in a massive jg conrad xs guo p jackson m meziou proc . of the 28th international conf . on very large  
views objects and databases g wiederhold   
exploring an unknown polygonal environment with a sensor based strategy s ghosh j burdick submitted for publication  
macaw : a medium access protocol for indoor wireless lans '' v bharghavan a demers s shenker l zhang proc . acm  
workshop evaluation : old myths and new wisdom gj andrews new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
standardising and validating high spatial resolution satellite data in the kalahari rangelands of op dube proc 28th int symp rem sens and 3rd symp afr assoc rem sens & hellip ;  
three-level model for a pulse-operated optically pumped far-infrared molecular laser hja bluyssen re mcintosh af van etteger p wyder & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
the revolt of the admirals . pr schratz   
fast flexible and accurate data locality analysis fj sanchez a gonzalez procs . of pact  
innovation speed : a conceptual model of context antecedents and outcomes eh kessler ak chakrabarti the academy of management review 1996.0 
donâ ?? t forget dr. frankenstein l sproull s kiesler computerworld  
integration of the big five and circumplex approaches to trait structure wkb hofstee b de raad lr goldberg journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
secure reliable transacted ; innovation in web services architecture m gudgin proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
supporting knowledge-intensive processes with workflow management systems t goesmann m hoffmann verteiltes arbeiten-arbeit der zukunft . proceedings of d - & hellip ;  
store more spend less : mid-range options around nb maginnis computerworld  
openping : a reflective middleware for the construction of adaptive networked game applications p okanda g blair proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ; 2004.0 
the usda food safety and inspection services perspective on the impact of the slaughter plant haccp b buntain allen d. leman swine conference . proceedings  
study of a mathematical model of a flexible solar array sub-panel assembly ( velsa 2 ) kj zimmermann  1979.0 
compiler-directed cache polymorphism js hu m kandemir n vijaykrishnan mj irwin h   
mitochondrial resolution of a deep branch in the genealogical tree for perching birds sv edwards p arctander ac wilson proceedings : biological sciences 1991.0 
evaluation of combinatorial file orgenization schemes h ikeda vldb 1977.0 
finite representation of infinite query answers j chomicki t imielinski acm transactions on database systems 1993.0 
the complexity of testing predicate locks hb hunt   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?sleepers and workaholics : caching strategies for mobile environments ã cents â ? ¬ â ? d barbara t imielinski acm  
regional changes in climate in the mediterranean basin due to global greenhouse gas warming . jp palutikof x guo tml wigley jm gregory unep athens ( greece ) . 1992. 1992.0 
single-molecule optoelectronics . th lee ji gonzalez j zheng rm dickson acc . chem . res 2005.0 
advances in computer mass storage technology cs chi ieee computer  
schemasql-a language for interoperability in relational multi-database systems lvs lakshmanan vldb 1996.0 
student life and development jm javinar new directions for higher education 2000.0 
smith predictor and self-tuning control of muscle relaxant drug administration da linkens m menad aj asbury   
generating functions in computational biology : a survey m regnier   
a pattern-based object calculus n kamel p wu syw su the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
the psychology of procedural justice : a test of the group-value model tr tyler journal of personality and social psychology  
o 2 : an object-oriented formal data model c lecluse p richard f vãªlez proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
evaluating lock-based protocols for cooperation on xml documents s helmer cc kanne g moerkotte sigmod record 2004.0 
discover user guide ms inc san diego  
on the instability of a cylinder of viscous liquid under capillary force l rayleigh phil . mag  
innocent statements and their metaphysically loaded counterparts t hofweber   
randomness and recursive enumerability t slaman   
scalable data naming for application level framing in reliable multicast s raman s mccanne   
the notion of active ob ject-oriented databases s reich   
environmental influences on groups pb paulus d nagar see paulus  
local tools : an alternative bb bederson jd hollan a druin j stewart d proc . acm uist  
course description : itop geography   
web release date : october 15 2002 ae taggi am hafez t lectka acc . chem . res 2003.0 
tracking set-expression cardinalities over continuous update streams s ganguly m garofalakis r rastogi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
gauging similarity via n-grams : text sorting categorization and retrieval in any language m damashek submitted to science  
musil 's anselm and '' the motivated life '' w braun wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
an enhanced concurrency control scheme for multidimensional index structures si song yh kim js yoo ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
a development in cockpit geometry evaluation [ r ] lf hickey we springer seattle washington : the boeing company november  
xml schema gc introduction sigmod record 2003.0 
content-based image retrieval based on local affinely invariant regions t tuytelaars l van gool lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
children 's literature : gateways to history . children 's . literature . rh lombardâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
mining large itemsets for association rules cc aggarwal ps yu   
on pareto and salukwadze optimization problems w kotarski applied mathematics and computer science 2000.0 
characteristics of female sexually transmitted disease clinic clients who report same-sex behaviour jm marrazzo la koutsky   
conservation of symmetry at v ds = 0 for reliable analog simulations t yoshida m miura-mattausch h ueno hj mattausch submitted for  
nodal analysis of circuits containing current conveyors ai rybin t dostal   
on the support of dependencies in relational databases : strong approximate dependencies i blanco m martãn - bautista d sã ¡ nchez m vila data mining and knowledge discovery submitted for & hellip ;  
functions in databases mh graham acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
when project information flow becomes turbulent : toward an organizational reynolds number m fyall  2002.0 
invertebrate predator-prey interactions in streams kw kratz  1997.0 
the practice of peptide synthesis m bodanszky a bodanszky  1994.0 
on statistical hypotheses testing via simulation method b dimitrov d green jr v rykov p stanchev   
multiple self-organizing maps for intrusion detection bc rhodes ja mahaffey jd cannady   
the development of graduate students as reaching scholars : a four year longitudinal study final jd nyquist ae austin j sprague dh wulff seattle : university of washington  
principles and realization strategies of multilevel transaction management g weikum acm transactions on database systems 1991.0 
findings from the cofhe studies . s montgomery new directions for higher education 1989.0 
peer responses to low performers : an attributional model of helping in the context of groups ja lepine l van dyne academy of management review 2001.0 
acceptable probability and the scale of a serious accident at a nuclear power plant ea ivanov lp khamâ ?? yanov at .  
from structured documents to novel query facilities in proc . of acm sigmod conference may 1994 v christophides s abiteboul s cluet m scholl   
the application of solid state laser diodes to soldering dg whitehead av polijanczuk pm beckett & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
autoregulation of subtilin biosynthesis : identification of conserved pentanucleotide direct repeats m kleerebezem r bongers g rutten wm de vos op submitted for publication  
brown . graphical fisheyeviews ofgraphs ms march proceedings of acm  
object identity as a query primitive s abiteboul p kanellakis proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;  
a relational model of data for large shared data banks ef cooo commun . acm  
clients servers and broadbandâ ?? making a big difference m russ ma fisher bt technology journal 2002.0 
s ~ quin ch a vlsi risc d patterson ch sequin ieee computer  
students behaving badly in large classes e carbone new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
a safety and efficacy study of op-1 as an adjunct to posterolateral lumbar fusion va patel tc e truummessâ ? ¦ thnorth american spine society meeting seattle washington  
applied multivariate data analysis : categorical and multivariate methods/book and disk jd jobson  1992.0 
subset queries in relational databases sr valluri k karlapalem   
mediators over taxonomy-based information sources y tzitzikas n spyratos p constantopoulos the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
m. hauswirth a framework for semantic gossiping k aberer p cudrã © - mauroux sigmod  
irrigating fluids and their absorption and exceretion during transurethral resection of the prostate po madsen university of  
unisqlâ ?? s nextgeneration object-relational database management system p janus acm sigmod record 1996.0 
datarover : a taxonomy based crawler for automated data extraction from data-intensive websites h davulcu s koduri s nagarajan   
clinical intestinal transplantation : experience in miami t karatzas f khan ag tzakis transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
overcoming the liability of foreignness s zaheer the academy of management journal 1995.0 
the private workspace model feasibility and applications to 2pl performance improvements i gold o shmueli m hofri vldb 1985.0 
neuromancer paperback edition publiched in 1995 by voyager an imprint of harpercollins publishers w gibson   
designing global applications for wireless devices with java and xml a dabkowski am jankowska k kurbel   
influence of the correlation of experimental data on the error in evaluated neutron cross sections sa badikov ev gai ns rabotnov at .  
mobility management in next-generation wireless systems if akyildiz j mcnair jsm ho w wang proceedings-ieee 1999.0 
the coral deductive database system . acms anthology p edition   
conceptual and empirical issues in the estimation of educational production functions ea hanushek the journal of human resources 1979.0 
an experimental study of dynamic algorithms for transitive closure d frigioni t miller u nanni c zaroliagis   
an efficient algorithm for mining frequent sequences by a new strategy without support counting dycyh wu alp chen data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
reading a set of disk pages b seeger pa larson vldb 1993.0 
chaos in electronic circuits t matsumoto ieee proceedings 1987.0 
on visible surface determination by a priori tree structures h fuchs zm kedem bf naylor computer graphics ( proc . acm siggraph conf . )  
the humphrey institute : designing institutions of governance je brandl ge schuh new directions for higher education 2000.0 
gonadotropin-releasing hormone : molecular and cell biology physiology and clinical applications pm conn aj hsueh wf crowley jr fed proc 1984.0 
mental health problems and symptoms among male adolescents attending a teen health clinic pb smith rs buzi ml weinman adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
a cost model for the evaluation of path expressions in distributed object databases g ruberg f baiã # o m mattoso   
rondo : a programming platform for generic model management s melnik e rahm pa bernstein sigmod conference 2003.0 
full text pdf format pdf ( 7 kb ) source acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) archive p kolaitis mj franklin acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 2004.0 
criticism 1964 r ohmann wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
the fund earned nil ( 2003 : nil ) in securities lending income for the year ended 31 december 2004 sl income as at  
justice the market and climate change c hamilton see low  
knowledge about the deleterious effects of smoking and its relationship to smoking cessation among sa albrecht lw higgins h lebow adolescence-san diego - 2000.0 
associations between body size mating pattern testis size and sperm lengths across butterflies mjg gage proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
exploring shopping behaviour amongst primary customers : patterns in store loyalty and expenditure t denison s knox proceedings of the 23rd emac conference maastricht the & hellip ;  
a hums maintenance credit case study c neubert b hardman a hess european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
colbert : a language for reactive control in sapphira k konolige lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
116 : limitation of exposure to ionizing radiation . national council on radiation protection and n report md  
stream traffic management over an atm passive optical network m gagnaire s stojanovski computer networks 2000.0 
time-critical data transmission in the foundation fieldbus hh seung dj byung procs . of ieee international symposium on industrial & hellip ;  
part-of-speech tagging using progol j cussens lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
the rise of the entrepreneurial state : state and local economic development policy in the united pk eisinger  1989.0 
defining and explaining tropical deforestation : shifting cultivation and population growth in l jarosz economic geography 1993.0 
heterogeneous processing rf freund hj siegel ieee computer  
on b-trees : routing schemes and concurrency ys kwong d wood   
the value of flexibility : the case of a dual-fuel industrial steam boiler n kulatilaka   
bottom-up query evaluation in extended deductive databases s brass   
advanced statistical methods in biometric research cr rao  1952.0 
replication and consistency : being lazy helps sometimes y breitbart hf korth   
a transaction-conscious multi-version cache replacement and prefetching policy for hybrid data a seifert mh scholl   
netcash : a design for practical electronic currency on the intemet g medvinsky bc neuman proceedings of acm conference on computer and communication & hellip ; 1993.0 
tutorial : application servers and associated technologies c mohan sigmod conference 2002.0 
the semantics-knowledgeable interface r king s melville proceedings of the conference on very large databases  
practitioner problems in need of database research : research directions in knowledge discovery r krishnamurthy t imielinski sigmod record  
distribution of 137 cs and 90 sr reserves in the techa floodplain in the region of brodokalmak ap govorun av chesnokov sb shcherbak at . energ  
manufacturing data entry mrp systems bow at ams . j gallant computerworld. 1984.0 
link-based and content-based evidential information retrieval in a belief network model i silva b ribeiro-neto pp calado es moura n proceedings of the 23rd annual acm sigir conference on & hellip ;  
glow discharge in gas flow physics and applications ap napartovich ys akishev proc . 21st int . conf . phenomena in ionized gases proc .  
report of analysis reference material 8418 wheat gluten . national institute of standards and m ihnat md  
j h. g. hernandez m. lalovic t. pell and ig rose '' satellite-a new opportunity for broadband a fidler bt technology journal  
the agent grid for supply chain integration lsw hongweiâ ? ¦ proceedings of 2002 international conference on management & hellip ;  
smart cards in electronic commerce nt trask mv meyerstein bt technology journal 1999.0 
the web untangled r ayre k reichard pc magazine  
corrosion and hydriding of fuel cladding materials hs gadiyar & hellip ; atomic research centre bombay india metallurgy div . ) . nov & hellip ; 1985.0 
a semantic modeling approach for image retrieval by content ww chu it leong rk taira the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
the student experience . kc green pp mcnamara new directions for higher education 1978.0 
partition based spatial-merge join jm patel dj dewitt   
image fusion with the hermite transform b escalante-ramirez a lopez-caloca   
urbansim reference guide : beta version p waddell university of washington seattle  
two-scale difference equation : local and global linear independence q sun unpublished manuscript 1991.0 
strategy and environment : a conceptual integration lj bourgeois iii the academy of management review 1980.0 
vacuum extraction versus forceps for assisted vaginal delivery rb johanson bk menon cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the relationship between the qualitative and quantitative research traditions cs reichardt sf rallis new directions for program evaluation  
vertebral artery dissection due to minor neck trauma dj debehnke w brady journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
user interfaces challenges of media design ( panel ) m arent a hodges s houde e waymire proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
dolphin : integrated meeting support across liveboards local and remote desktop environments na streitz j geiã?ler jm haake j hol proceedings of the acm 1994.0 
alacritech 100x4 quad-port server adapter : a nic in time ... kj bannan r schenk pc magazine april  
components of the online classroom zl berge new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
banking information systems v shmerko s yanushkevich technical university of  
testing a distributed system : generating minimal synchronised test sequences that detect output - rm hierons information & software technology 2001.0 
decision directed iterative channel estimation for mimo systems x deng am haimovich j garcia-frias   
n. colbrook a. and w. weihl . proteus : a high-performance parallel-architecture simulator ed brewer technical report mit/lcs/tr -516 massachusetts institute of  
washington state early childhood education career and wage ladder pilot project : evaluation report j brown  2002.0 
the end of shared governance : looking ahead or looking back r birnbaum new directions for higher education 2004.0 
voronkov a. [ 1998 ] complexity of nonrecursive logic programs with complex values in ã cents â ? ¬ podsã cents â ? ¬ s vorobyov acm press seattle  
quest synthetic data generator r agrawal r srikant ibm almaden research center san jose california h ttp : / /  
interventions for treating proximal humeral fractures in adults jn gibson hh handoll r madhok cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
v harinarayan and d. quass . aggregatequery processing in data warehousing environments a gupta proc . 21st intt . conj . very large data  
the context interchange approach to semantic interoperability ch goh s bressan se madnick md siegel proc . acm sigmod int . conf on management of  
measurement programs need vision g ray   
evaluating integrated electronic commerce systems dm lincke electronic markets 1998.0 
an upper bound for the maximum cut mean value a bertoni p campadelli r posenato proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ; 1997.0 
source specific query rewriting and query plan generation for merging xml-based semistructured data a shah  2001.0 
presentation of the society of research on nicotine and tobacco s david r niaura w shadel d britt g  2001.0 
simulation data as data streams g abdulla t critchlow w arrighi sigmod record 2004.0 
trust and reciprocity : an international experiment n buchan rta croson ej johnson unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
reducing www latency and bandwidth requirements by real-time distillation a fox ea brewer www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
some combinatorial properties of certain trees with applications to searching and sorting tn hibbard journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1962.0 
teacherâ ?? student confrontations j hocker new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
software evolution : past present and future k bennett information and software technology  
architecture for distributed multimedia database systems . pb berra cyr chen a ghafoor cc lin tdc little   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?an overview of data warehousing and olap technologyã cents â ? ¬ â ? s chaudhuri u dayal acm sigmod record  
inside sql server 7.0 1999 k delaney r soukup microsoft  
geographic variation in two surfperches ( embiotocidae ) : local differentiation in one-dimensional lj haldorson  1978.0 
on compact encoding of pagenumber k graphs c gavoille n hanusse submitted for publication 2001.0 
a viewpoint on software engineering and information systems : integrating the disciplines n mcbride information and software technology 2003.0 
time-correlated single photon counting dv o'connor d phillips   
a mathematical model of the paris metro pricing scheme for charging packet networks d ros b tuffin computer networks 2004.0 
effects of cyclic nucleotides and intracellular ca on voltage-activated ciliary beating in y nakaoka h machemer journal of comparative physiology a : sensory neural and & hellip ; 1990.0 
the kernel adatron algorithm : a fast and simple learning procedure for support vector machines. '' tt frie n cristianini c campbell   
synchronized continuous media playback through the world wide web k mayer-patel d simpson d wu la rowe proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
telephone advice : lessons learned and considerations for starting programs dl robinson mm anderson pm acheson journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
edas j. cornil d. beljonne da dos santos z. shuai jl br acc . chem . res  
automating metadata updates exemplified by the environmental data catalogue udk r nikolai a koschel r kramer & hellip ; 8th international conference on management of data ( comad &#39;  
no one in my group can be below the group 's average : a robust positivity blas in favor of anonymous y klar ee giladi journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
nedocromil sodium vs. sodium cromoglycate for preventing exercise-induced bronchoconstriction in k kelly ch spooner bh rowe cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
evolution of clinical intestinal transplantation : improved outcome and cost effectiveness km abu-elmagd j reyes jj fung g mazariegos j transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
weak scattering in random media with applications to remote probing rw lee jc harp proc . ieee  
ohio marriage index ( http://198.30 . 212.15 / ) '' c county   
a historical analyses of the development of two concepts of â ?? presbyteryâ ?? ja watt seattle washington : james a. watt  
panelists â ?? itcâ ?? 99 benchmark circuits-preliminary results â ?? s davidson proc . int . test conf  
approximate query translation across heterogeneous information sources cck chang h garcia-molina   
validation of an indentor system for evaluating truck seat cushions m seigler m ahmadian c boggs   
a pragmatic look at decompilation mf weller proc .  
hospital information systems : the case of areteion university hospital j papoutsis phd dissertation athens university greece  
workgroup computing : group enabled r ayre bz gottesman pc magazine  
optimizing the proseeutive function in the district of columbia je jacoby proc . acm urban symposium  
maternal oxygen administration for suspected impaired fetal growth am gulmezoglu gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the international itb database working group ( 2001 ) â ?? formation condition of internal transport t fukuda proc . 28th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma  
adaptive estimation for a time inhomogeneous stochastic volatility model w hardle vg spokoiny g teyssiere unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
query by diagram : a visual environment for querying databases g santucci pa sottile   
informationsoptimierte merkmale zur grobregistrierung von freiform-flã $ chen n schã ¶ n m benz t maier e nkenke fw neukam g procs bvmâ ?? 04  
small business solutions for e-commerce b kienan  2000.0 
secure internet programming : security issues for mobile and distributed objects j vitek cd jensen lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
towards on-line analytical mining in large databases h jiawei acm sigmod record  
a ullman jd implementing data cubes efficiently r harinarayan proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;  
learning about world cultures through folktales . cj fuhler pj farris l hatch social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
semantic integration of environmental models for application to global information and decision - ds mackay acm sigmod record  
foreword ra hoffman rj strangeway sb mende journal of geophysical research ( space physics 2003.0 
verso : a backend relational machine e bancilhon proc . sixth vldb  
t. agerwala â ?? putting petri nets to work â ?? a aho r sethi j ullman t compilers-principles ieee computer  
introduction to digital waveguide modeling of musical instruments jo smith unpublished manuscript  
a visual programming environment for automatic programming nc shu proc 21st hawaii int . coqf â ?? on system sciences ieee  
nuclear relaxation and electronic correlations in quasi-one-dimensional organic conductors . i. c bourbonnais j. phys . i france 1993.0 
business process modelling and designâ ?? a formal model and methodology m koubarakis d plexousakis bt technology journal 1999.0 
the regional distribution of ventilation in obstructive and restrictive disease ms skorodin nj gross w druz ga gergauz tj milo demonstration  
executable specifications of c++ classes s kamin t kraus submitted for publication  
the shifting roles of parents and students . js hansen new directions for higher education 1991.0 
virtual opacs versus union database : two models of union catalogue provision s cousins electronic library 1999.0 
the use of cohort normalized scores for speaker recognition ae rosenberg j delong ch lee bh juang fk soong proc . int . conf . spoken language processing  
networks on chip : a new soc paradigm g de micheli l benini ieee computer  
introducing software architecture specification and analysis in sam through an example j wang x he y deng information and software technology 1999.0 
urgency of ethical standards intensifies in computer community mc mcfarland   
brother blue-the portrait series w lehrer  1995.0 
for dynamic files r fagin ehafa mechanism acm tods  
patterns of injury in pediatric patients in one florida community and implications for prevention v martin b langley s coffman journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 
personal computers to spark growth in tempest products jb schultz defense electronic  
lore : a database management systemfor semistruc-tured data j mchugh s abiteboul r goldman d quass j widom sigmodrecord  
a list of the marine mammals of the world dw rice  1977.0 
the essentials of the satâ ?? 03 competition d le berre l simon proc . sat  
critical database technologies for high energy physics dm malon en may proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
the use of adapters to support interoperability of components for reusability cc chiang information & software technology 2003.0 
designing and grading oral communication assignments bl quigley new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
inside ole2 k brockenschmidt  1995.0 
scale-free topology for pervasive networks f saffre h jovanovic c hoile s nicolas bt technology journal 2004.0 
janet . animal migration . chicago : childrenâ ?? s press 1989 i mcdonnell   
investigation of tritium removal by water flows from the territory of the krasnoyarsk geochemical av nosov am martynova vf shabanovâ ? ¦ at .  
neo-classical architecture in greece in traulos  1967.0 
fruit thinning of florida mandarins using plant growth regulators ta wheaton proc . int . soc . citriculture  
socio-economics : what is its place in law practice ? r ashford wisconsin law review 1997.0 
practical applications of triggers and constraints : success and lingering issues s ceri r cochrane j widom proc . 26th int . conf . on very large databases 2000.0 
on lines and planes of closest fit to systems in space k pearson phil . mag  
mining association rules with non-uniform privacy concerns y xia y yang y chi   
an approach to standardizing computer systems e morenoff jb mclean   
ms read : context sensitive document analysis in the www environment n milic-frayling r sommerer   
redo recovery principles o background sigmod record 2002.0 
collected essays vol 1 g orwell why i write  
similarity search for adaptive ellipsoid queries using spatial transformation y sakurai m yoshikawa r kataoka s uemura proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
summary : developing a successful measurement program d baugher new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
resource management in large distributed systems a goscinski m bearman   
pathways of human influence on water temperature dynamics in stream channels gc poole ch berman & hellip ; states environmental protection agency . seattle washington 2000.0 
fust ã © desviado para compensar perda da cpmf l queiroz computerworld  
hierarchical performance analysis models for data base systems i miyamoto vldb 1975.0 
integrating reliable memory in databases wt ng pm chen the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
a topic in '' the waste land '' : traditional rhetoric and eliot 's individual talent r bates wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1964.0 
promoting employment in public housing communities : learning from the jobs-plus demonstration s bliss j riccio  2001.0 
a source-to-source meta-translation system for relational query languages di howells nj fiddian wa gray vldb 1987.0 
typed compilation of recursive datatypes jc vanderwaart d dreyer l petersen k crary r   
jamila b bhushan & hellip ; metalware . bombay : all india handicrafts board ministry of & hellip ;  
special issue : location-based computing r want b schilit ieee computer  
'' the alexandria quartet '' : form and fiction lt lemon wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
deformation structures in zone-melted molybâ denum a lawley hl gaigher phil . mag  
a prosody-only decision-tree model for disfluency detection e shriberg r bates a stolcke   
effects of interviewer behavior on childrenâ ?? s statements of sexual abuse ra craig unpublished manuscript  
geology of the olympus mons region of mars kl tanaka ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1983.0 
s 1951 rs leigh phil . mag  
understanding gprs : the gsm packet radio service b ghribi l logrippo computer networks 2000.0 
computational methods for hydrofoil craft in steady and unsteady flow fv walree  1999.0 
optimal service capacity for a single-bus mobility allowance shuttle transit ( mast ) system j zhao m dessouky submitted for publication 2004.0 
a flat panel detector for digital radiology using active matrix readout of amorphous selenium w zhao i blevis s germann ja rowlands d proc . spie 1996.0 
heat transfer and flow characteristics in conductive porous media with energy generation . wu choudhury  1968.0 
a new method for robot motion planning and real geometry j canny proc . 28th ieee syrup . on foundations of computer science  
rethinking reengineering r cafasso computerworld  
generic database cost models for hierarchical memory systems s manegold pa boncz ml kersten vldb 2002.0 
object-oriented intelligent computer-integrated design process planning and inspection m marefat s malhotra rl kashyap   
testbed measurements quoted above have been done for the lar calorimeter lvl all at  
systemdynamik und simulation teubner 1999 m gipser   
a public corporation bw district san  
academic press : new york 1982 . ( c ) knowles rb morin m gorman j. acc . chem . res  
discovery ofmultiple-level association rules fromlarge databases j han y fu proc . of the 21st int &#39; l conferenceon very large databases & hellip ;  
goal and strategy formulation in the management of global environmental risks ma levy j cavender-bares wc clark g dinkelman see ref  
techniques for speeding up range-max queries in olap data cubes ct ho r agrawal n megiddo jj tsay ibm research report  
corporate investment decisions and corporate control : evidence from going-private transactions dj denis   
floods : an insurable risk ? : a market survey s gaschen  1998.0 
an overview of path pascal 's design rh campbell rb kolstad acm sigplan notices 1980.0 
artificial intelligence meets natural stupidity d mcdermott acm sigart bulletin 1976.0 
garc ä ± a-molina h. and tomasic a. 1994 . the effectiveness of gloss for the text database l gravano proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference  
some roots of clinical decision making lb lusted acm press history series 1990.0 
behavior of coal fired supersonic diagonal type mhd generator with external control circuit m ishikawa t suemura m fujita j umoto proc . 29th symp . engng . aspects mhd ix  
traffic control and qos management in the internet h zhang acm sigmetrics tutorial proceedings 1999.0 
drawing from data . g burton social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
rapid progression of coronary artery disease in the setting of chronic cocaine abuse ld wilson journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
editorial : inductive logic programming is coming of age p flach s då 3/4 eroski machine learning 2001.0 
others image-based homing j hong proc . int . conf . robotics and automation  
381 p s ruipã © rez  1995.0 
hierarchical compactor design for diagnosis in deterministic logic bist p wohl ja waicukauski s patel c hay e proceedings of the 23rd ieee vlsi test symposium ( vts &#39; 05 ) - & hellip ; 2005.0 
globalization and urban change pl knox urban geography 1996.0 
extragalactic astronomy including observational cosmology e elvius proceedings of the crafoord symposium stockholm september & hellip ; 1992.0 
managing semantic heterogeneity wiht production rules and persistent queries s ceri j widom proc . of the 19th vldb  
w. b & xâ ?? aâ ?? object-oriented approach to multimedia databasesâ ?? dww kim proceedings of acm sigmod  
lsi/vlsi building blocks jr tobias ieee computer  
a practical issue concerrning very large data bases g cohen proceedings of the vldb conference ( dublin ireland ) august  
time series similarity measures and time series indexing d gunopulos g das proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2001.0 
status of ccitt description techniques and application to protocol specification . gj dickson pe de chazal proceedings of the ieee 1983.0 
technical correspondence s design acm transactions on database systems 1963.0 
computers are n't pulling their weight er berndt cj morrison computerworld  
needed : distributed control pg comba vldb 1975.0 
caps-plasma spectrometer for the cassini spacecraft [ abstract only ] p tanskanen k mursula v kelha h huomo in its proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
global wires harmful r otten proc . int . symp . physical design 1998.0 
a complete identity set for codd algebras hw buff acm sigmod record 1991.0 
a proposal for a model psychopharmacology curriculum for psychiatric residents id glick ds janowsky c salzman ri shader neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
user-driven applications of advanced networks for electronic marketing of tourism products pf byerley j ewers electronic markets  
why i like working in academia rt snodgrass sigmod record 2002.0 
childhood conscientiousness and longevity : health behaviors and cause of death hs friedman js tucker je schwartz lr martin journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
prevention of type 2 diabetes : the role of pancreatic b-cell rest ta buchanan ah xiang rk peters sl kjos a submitted for publication  
implementing proportional rotating schedules nb heller proc . acm urban symposium  
funding for small us businesses and from darpa and nasa . m winslett sigmod record 1991.0 
market structure and competitive behavior in the dairy industry : the present state of knowledge . jr moore  1959.0 
algebraic support for complex objects with arrays identity and inheritance sl vandenburg dj dewitt proc acm sigmod denver may  
performance analysis of the general packet radio service c lindemann a thuemmler computer networks 2003.0 
multiple-dose activated charcoal : a review of relevant clinical studies s bradberry j vale journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
sigmod 1999 a delis c faloutsos s ghandeharizadeh proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
beginning graduate school : explaining first-year doctoral attrition cm golde new directions for higher education 1998.0 
an updated parametric model of the tropical cyclone ba harper gj holland proceedings of the 23rd conference hurricanes and tropical & hellip ;  
on processing xml in ldap pj marrï?n g lausen proceedings of the 27th conference on very large data bases  
functional and predictive programming in oodb 's c beeri t milo proceedings of the eleventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1992.0 
passage retrieval vs document retrieval for factoid question cla clarke el terra proc . acm sigir conference  
efficiently updating materialized views '' acm sigmod int j blakely pa larson fw tompa conf . on management of data washington dc may  
the r + - tree : a dynamic index for multi-dimensional data t sellis n roussopoulos c faloutsos proceedings of vldb 1987  
nicmos instrument handbook version 2.0 stsci baltimore jw mackentyâ ? ¦ md  
human thrombopoietin levels are high when thrombocytopenia is due to megakaryocyte deficiency and rvb emmons dm reid rl cohen g meng ns young blood-new york - 1996.0 
pheochromocytoma and bowel ischemia a salehi el legome k eichhorn rs jacobs journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
from welfare to work among lone parents in britain : lessons for america ja riccio  1996.0 
the design ofâ ¬ 1nf relational databases into nested normal form ma roth hf korth proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
weave amino acid sequences for protein secondary structure prediction x yang b wang   
biology of the arthropod cuticle ac neville  1975.0 
relationship of career mentoring and socioeconomic origin to managers ' and professionals ' early w whitely tw dougherty gf dreher the academy of management journal 1991.0 
econometric theory as goldberger   
symbolic and algebraic computation : issac ã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents 97 association for computing machinery new york w kuechlin   
ng-thow-hing v. ( 2003 ) w shao proc . of  
delay the teaching of arithmetic ? a gleason unpublished  
deviations from vegardâ ?? s law j friedel phil . mag  
ramakrishnan srikant fast algorithms for mining association rules r agrawal proc . 20th tnt . conf very large data bases  
l ( d 1 ) - labelings of digraphs gj chang jj chen d kuo sc liaw submitted for  
school library web sites : 1996-2002 la clyde electronic library 2004.0 
sim eon j. : â ?? statix : making xml countâ ?? j freire jr haritsa m ramanath p roy proceedings of the 2002 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management  
convergence of sideways query evaluation f afrati c papadimitriou g papageorgiou a proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
performance evaluation and comparison of different modulation schemes for uwb multiaccess systems g durisi s benedetto   
when are methods complementary ? rf paige   
algorithm and performance evaluation of adaptive multidimensional clustering technique s fushimi m kitsuregawa m nakayama h tanaka t proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1985.0 
effects of enrollment admissions remediation and tuition policies on quality . b albright new directions for higher education 1984.0 
what happens during a join s manegold pa boncz ml kersten dissecting cpu and memory optimization effects . in the 26th & hellip ;  
the entity-association model : towards a unified view of data pp chen acm trans . database systems  
requirements definitions and notations for spatiotemporal application environments d pfoser n tryfona   
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation and acupuncture-like transcutaneous electrical nerve jg gadsby mw flowerdew cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
managing change in mandatory adoption situations ap massey m montoya-weiss sa brown   
recreation demand models with taste differences over people ke train land economics 1998.0 
irisnet : an architecture for compute-intensive wide-area sensor network services s nath a deshpande y ke pb gibbons b karp s   
a community corrections study : the lsi as a predictor of program success p philbrick i gat l guisti unpublished manuscript  
micro installation requires careful planning . d neibaur computerworld. 1983.0 
high energy density low impedance capacitors using pressurized water as dielectric ar miller fifth symposium on engineering problems of fusion research 1973.0 
rule-based behaviour modelling : specification and validation of information systems dynamics a tsalgatidou p loucopoulos information and software technology 1991.0 
integrated document prefetching and caching in hierarchical storage based on markov-chain a kraiss g weikum vldb journal ( may  
tracking text in mpeg videos j gllavata r ewerth b freisleben proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the arm10 family of advanced embedded microprocessor cores s hill procs . of hot chips  
accommodation : a working paradigm for progressing toward clinical discordant xenografting fh bach ma turman gm vercellotti jl platt ap transplant proc 1991.0 
these c galusinski universitã © bordeaux-i  
network-aware query processing for stream-based applications y ahmad u cetintemel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
foâ `` ll h. and hu sm 1981 ty tan phil .  
malignant lymphomas in transplantation patients i penn w hammond l brettschneider te starzl transplant proc 1969.0 
timers donâ ?? t work well l zhang tcp why proceedings of acm  
regionalism in the asia pacific : is geography destiny ? j poon area 2001.0 
integrating association rule mining algorithms with relational database systems j hipp u grimmer   
just talk to me : a field study of expertise location finding and sustaining relationships d mcdonald m ackerman proc . acm cscw  
thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura presenting as bilateral flank pain and hematuria : a case report za qasim ra partridge journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
the influence of national culture on the formation of technology alliances by entrepreneurial firms hk steensma l marino km weaver ph dickson academy of management journal 2000.0 
mtcd concept of operation c costello eatchip iii evaluation and demonstration ( phase 3a-bis ) & hellip ;  
hot block clustering for disk arrays with dynamic striping k mogi m kitsuregawa proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
analyzing massive data streams : past present and future m garofalakis proceedings of the 8th acm sigmod workshop on research & hellip ; 2003.0 
social science advising g geis tl huston new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
formal models of communication services : a case study a fekete   
contribution of the delta resonance to the gamow-teller decay of heavy nuclei ( abstract only ) j suhonen proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
knowledge engineering research in petrophysics in shell p van der pas ljb homan procs . second international expert system conference  
urban stream rehabilitation in the pacific northwest : physical biological and social db booth jr karr s schauman cp konrad sa  2001.0 
origin of the economic order quantity formula ; transcription or transformation ? b roach   
queries on two headed fast disks with smart track management using dynamic scans k deighton information and software technology 1997.0 
measuring results of health sector reform for system performance : a handbook of indicators . bethesda jc knowles c leighton w stinson md  
embedding a data manipulation language in a genera ) purpose programming language e allman g held m stonebraker proc . acm sigplan sigmod conf . on data abstrac-tions salt & hellip ;  
john wain : the will to write wv o'connor wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1960.0 
bone formation in vitro by stromal cells obtained from bone marrow of young adult rats c maniatopoulos j sodek ah melcher cell and tissue research 1988.0 
regular treatment with long acting beta agonists versus daily regular treatment with short acting eh walters ja walters pw gibson cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
monitoring juvenile chinook and steelhead migration routes with acoustic tags in the forebay of the tw steig jh horchik ma timko inc. seattle washington  
cicero : epistulae ad familiares dr shackleton bailey vol .  
the combination of vip and atropine induces rem sleep in cats rendered insomniac by pcpa o prospero-garcia a jimenez-anguiano r drucker - neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
the 2001 trading agent competition mp wellman electronic markets 2003.0 
effects of daily workload on subsequent behavior during marital interaction : the roles of social rl repetti journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
mechanisms of osmolyte release rkh kinne contributions to nephrology 1998.0 
clustered principal components for precomputed radiance transfer pp sloan j hall j hart j snyder acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 2003.0 
query processing and optimization for olap-xml federations d pedersen k riis tb pedersen submitted for publication  
building a scalable and accurate copy detection mechanism h garcia-molina n shivakumar proceedings of 1st acm international conference on digital & hellip ;  
tiltrotor simultaneous non-interfering ( sni ) operations fj aguilera european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy as szalay p kunszt a thakar j gray d slutz rj   
transnational structures and protest : linking theories and assessing evidence gm maney mobilization-san diego - 2001.0 
measuring perceived software quality m xenos d christodoulakis   
hop by hop routing multicast protocol . l costa s fdida o duarte proceedings of acm  
axiomatic homotopy theory for operads preprint 2002 available on http://xxx . lpthe . jussieu . fr / c berger i moerdijk   
no contest : the case against competition a kohn  1986.0 
strengthening and refining the federal-state-institutional partnership . jp merisotis new directions for higher education 1991.0 
spatial data mining : discovering knowledge of clusters from maps r ng proc . 1996  
measure for measure ha rubin computerworld  
repositories for co-operative information systems w huaiqing information and software technology 1996.0 
spartina in willapa bay : a case history . p. 27â ?? 29 : j sayce spartina workshop record seattle washington november  
teaching project management through an information technology-based method k hingoranl cs sankar sw kramer project management journal 1998.0 
discrete probability density estimation using multirate dsp models pp vaidyanathan bj yoon   
synergetics h haken naturwissenschaften 1980.0 
the development and testing of an evaluation instrument for assessing the effectiveness of a child a downer seattle washington state  
a neutral netlist of 10 combinatorial benchmark circuits and a target translator in fortran f brglez h fujiwara proc . iscas  
mining database structure ; or howto build a data quality browser t dasu t johnson s muthukrishnan v shkapenyuk   
political empowerment local-central state relations and geographically shifting political b miller political geography 1994.0 
optimal le distribution for partial match queries mh kim s pramanik proceedings of acm sigmod  
management fashion e abrahamson the academy of management review 1996.0 
triple-helical nucleic acids vn soyfer vn potaman  1995.0 
choosing to be a consultant : this is a living ? . lj zachary new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
investigations on butterfly fe/s cluster s-centered anions ( mu-s - ) 2fe2 ( co ) 6 ( mu-s - ) ( mu-rs ) fe2 ( lc song acc chem res 2005.0 
llhth handbook : a guide for lilith users and programmers tech n wirth l geissmann j hoppe c jacobi se rep institut fur informatik der eth zurich switzerland  
returning modified rows-select statements with side effects a behm s rielau r swagerman proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
feep thruster performance at high back-ground pressure a genovese s marcuccio m andrenucci   
a multidimensional framework for conceptualizing human services integration initiatives el konrad new directions for program evaluation  
on division and reciprocal caches sf obennan mj flynn technical report csl-tr-95-666 stanford university apr. .  
new black hole solutions in the string gravity with noncompact extra dimensions and their s alexeyev n popov a barrau j grain   
fast search in main memory databases a analyti s pramanik proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
the frequent use of unemployment insurance in canada s schwartz   
lattice filters for adaptive processing b friedlander ieee proceedings 1982.0 
on clustering video shots cw ngo tc pong hj zhang proc . acm multimedia  
but i do n't want to be a manager d davis computerworld  
detailed analytical model of a single-cylinder diesel engine in the crank angle domain yh zweiri jf whidborne ld seneviratne proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
engineering federated information systems report of efis '99 workshop g saake fs ii m roantree sigmod record 1999.0 
matlab * p 2.0 : a unified parallel matlab r choy a edelman   
interventions for preventing oral mucositis for patients with cancer receiving treatment je clarkson hv worthington ob eden cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
static analysis of intensional databases in u-datalog ( extended abstract ) e bertino b catania proceedings of the fifteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1996.0 
main schema-external schema interaction in hierarchically organized data bases ag dale nb dale   
improving end-to-end performance of the web using server volumes andproxy filters e cohen b krishnamurthy j rexford proc . acm  
source separation using higher order moments j cardoso   
versatile structural disambiguation for semantic-aware applications f mandreoli r martoglia e ronchetti proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
dynamic texture segmentation g doretto d cremers p favaro s soatto proceedings of iccvâ ?? 03 2003.0 
rock collector 's guide -- morton wr clevinger washington area : seattle university  
rapid solidification of superconducting materials mt clapp  1987.0 
some adaptations which help to promote gregariousness m moynihan proc . int . ornithol . congr  
comparison of cache and scratch-pad based memory systems with respect to performance r banakar s steinke b lee m balakrishnan p area and energy consumption '' tr  
avalon photonics ltd m moser zurich switzerland private communication may  
faster ram tackles data and marketplace bottlenecks ld paulson   
enactement and emergence in the dramaturgy of artificial life r ascott proceedings of the sixth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
combining linguistics with statistics for multiword term extraction : a fruitful association g dias s guillorã © jc bassano jgp lopes proceedings of recherche dâ ?? informations assistee par & hellip ;  
finke | stein sj setoriented production rules in relational database systems j widom proceedings of acm  
sptrx-2 a fusion protein composed of one thioredoxin and three tandemly repeated ndp-kinase domains cm sadek ae damdimopoulos m pelto-huikko ja genes to cells 2001.0 
some host/parasite relationships between norway spruce ( picea abies ) and fomes annosus l dimitri see ref  
anatomical aspects of the cochlear nucleus and superior olivary complex jm harrison ml feldman contributions to sensory physiology 1970.0 
trigonella foenumgraecum km nadkarni india materia medica . popular prakashan . bombay  
pfires : a policy framework for information security j rees s bandyopadhyay eh spafford communications-acm 2003.0 
efficient garbage collection for large object-oriented databases bh liskov  1996.0 
the usc * pack pc programs for planning monitoring and adjusting drug dosage regimens rw jelliffe dz d'argenio a schumitzky l hu m proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association & hellip ;  
serum cholesterol thyroid failure and coronary artery disease pb fowler h ikram so banim lancet i 1972.0 
computation of multidimensional aggregates pm deshpande s agarwal jf naughton r   
origins ofthe word â ?? nerd.â ?? jc dvorak pc magazine  
computer system monitors gj nutt ieee computer  
verifying the correctness of wide-area internet routing n feamster h balakrishnan   
a single pass computing engine for interactive analysis of vldbs t mihalisin vldb 1998.0 
completion of a set of rules modulo a set of equations jp jouannaud h kirchner proceedings of the 11th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
selectivity estimation in spatial databases s acharya v poosala s ramaswamy   
s. and pazzani mj : locally adaptive dimensionality reduction for indexing large time series e keogh km chakrabarti proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference  
physiological responses to moderate water stress kj bradford tc hsiao encyclopedia of plant physiology 1982.0 
regional review : monitoring changes in the central puget sound region psr council seattle washington usa  
soft typing r cartwright m fagan   
full text pdf format pdf ( 1.61 mb ) source history of programming languages archive te kurtz history of programming languages 1978.0 
weblint : quality assurance for the world wide web n bowers www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
characterizing pbd systems a cypher ds kosbie d maulsby & hellip ; what i do : programming by demonstration table of contents 1993.0 
calcium release in skinned cardiac cells : variations with species tissues and development a fabiato fed proc 1982.0 
building a convincing test of a public housing employment program using non-experimental methods hs bloom new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
periodic behaviour in timed systems with and or causality . part i : systems of dimension 1 and 2 j gunawardena technical report department of computer science stanford  
on the uniform motion of a sphere through a viscous fluid h lamb phil . mag  
optimal setting for discrete pid controllers km vu iee proceedings-d 1992.0 
compressed histograms with arbitrary bucket layouts for selectivity estimation d fuchs z he bs lee   
changes in the volume of rat cerebellar cortex during preparation for electron microscopy rma napper rj harvey  1988.0 
wã $ rme-und stoffã 1/4 bertragung 3 . auflage hd baehr k stephan  1998.0 
inc. ( 1999 ) mset applications final report-cold demonstration of  
r. and delghton mo nf moody gj maclusky electronic  
lieberman to push punitive measure f say san  
slicing the value dependence graph md ernst technical report msr-tr-94-22 microsoft research redmond wa  
solutions for three regression problems commonly found in meteorological data analysis dw meek jh prueger proceedings of the 23rd conference on agricultural forest & hellip ;  
the internet in service-learning m canada new directions for higher education 2001.0 
l and bhalla cp 1971 at dl walters at . data  
peer mentoring among graduate students of color : expanding the mentoring relationship j bonilla c pickron t tatum new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
library for architecture-independent development of structured grid applications m lemke d quinlan acm sigplan notices 1993.0 
space optimization in deductive databases a baltrunas d srivastava s sudarshan r acm transactions on database systems 1995.0 
biometry ms degree program b yandell  1995.0 
do it by numbers rw bemer proc . acm nat . conf  
towards effective indexing for very large video sequence database ht shen bc ooi x zhou proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
sigmod sister societies s ceri la kalinichenko m kitsuregawa h lu v sigmod record 2000.0 
grammar-like functional rules for representing @ erytinrition alternatives g ldrrrtan proc . 1988 sigmod je  
the deadlock problem : an overview ss isloor ta marsland   
y mattos marcio cs de bl sadicoff mcv amorim a simple and visual demonstration of the heating effect of & hellip ; 2000.0 
le rã ´ le ã © purateur dâ ?? une zone humide renforcã © e : la dynamique de lâ ?? azote p merot g dutin proceedings journã © e national dâ ?? etude des sols orlã © ans & hellip ;  
measuring structural change in concepts ee rissland ce brodley m friedman submitted for publication  
a log-structured history data access method ( lham ) eon patrick g weikum  1993.0 
speculative multithreaded processors gs sohi a roth   
analysis of the context dependency of codasyl find-statements with application to database program gb demo s kundu   
finding similar questions in large question and answer archives j jeon wb croft jh lee proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
a simple lemma on iterative sequences in hilbert space and convergence rates for projection pursuit lk jones technical report 16 university of lowell lowell massachusetts  
parameterized queries and nesting equivalences ca galindo-legaria   
faculty as mentors jm lagowski jw vick new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
gender the home-work link and space-time patterns of nonemployment activities mp kwan economic geography 1999.0 
programming microsoft directshow for digital video and television m pesce  2003.0 
andr . l. rivest th cormen ce leiserson introduction to  
enemy at the gate : threats to information security me whitman communications-acm 2003.0 
a geometric approach to threshold circuit complexity t kailath a orlitsky v roychowdhury ky siu proc . 4th acm conference colt  
empirical data reference behaviour in database systems j rodriguez-rossel ieee computer  
canonical abstraction for outerjoin optimization j rao h pirahesh c zuzarte proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
message to all sdcs employees a bersin  2002.0 
optimumca dofcomplex rectangular and circular waveguide circuits by combination of field theory with r keller u banhardt b birn w hauth g moller proceedings of 25 theuropean microwave conference  
maternal antigen avoidance during lactation for preventing atopic disease in infants of women at ms kramer cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
wilson ja and yoffe ad 1972 aj grant phil . mag  
collective knowledge : intranets productivity and the promise of the knowledge workplace r marcus b watters  2002.0 
sala-i-martin x. ( 1995 ) economic growth rj barro new york  
learners achieve pac separation pwgwct unsupervised procs . of colt/eurocolt lnai  
the real-time stealer s saez a garcãa j vila a crespo proceedings of the 23rd ifac/ifip real-time programming  
faculty stress : the tension between career demands and '' having it all . '' . md sorcinelli mw gregory new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
ownership types for safe region-based memory management in real-time java c boyapati a salcianu m rinard   
a time delay neural network algorithm for real-time pedestrian detection c wohler jk aulaf t portner u franke procs . ieee intelligent vehicles  
can formal methods always deliver n fenton sl pfleeger ieee computer  
diophantine approximations and diophantine equations wm schmidt  1996.0 
20910 usa 1979 md spring   
editorial ( s ) m shepperd m dyer information and software technology 2001.0 
naturliche und sexuelle selektion bei der gelben mistfliege scathophagastercoraria ( l. ) ( diptera : p jann  1997.0 
using joint application design to develop readable formal specifications rb jackson dw embley information and software technology 1996.0 
connecticut post-time limit tracking study : six-month survey results d bloom r hendra ja hunter-manns j walter  1999.0 
white paper : microsoft index selection tool for sql server s ghaudhuri v narasayya  1998.0 
age dependence of t lymphocytes ( letter ) c alexopoulos p babitis lancet i  
fifa development division m harvey & hellip ; to cies at fifa headquarters zurich switzerland  
lecture notes for 6.852 n lynch k goldman mit/lcs/rss -5 laboratory for computer science mit  
rule execution testing and action execution in ariel en hanson proceedings of  
database architecture for content-based image retrieval t kato proc . spie 1992.0 
proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world wide web : an approach and a datta k dutta h thomas d vandermeer k acm transactions on database systems 2004.0 
countering non-lethal information warfare h kluepfel proc . ieee 29th ann . int . carnahan conf . on security & hellip ;  
java support for data-intensive systems : experiences building the telegraph dataflow system ma shah jm hellerstein sigmod record 2001.0 
a database design for musical infomation wb rubenstem   
an introduction to the web services architecture and its specifications version 1.0 lf cabrera k christopher d box  2004.0 
b + trees and indexed sequential files : a performance comparison ds batory   
an overview of the singularity project g hunt jr larus m abadi m aiken p barham m   
developing the access network pw france dm spirit s whitt bt technology journal 1998.0 
evaluating individualized learning . hl hodgkinson new directions in higher education 1975.0 
an adaptive distributed systems level diagnosis and its implementation r bianchini r buskens proc . 21st int . symp . fault-tolerant computing  
the implications of cache affinity on processor scheduling for multiprogrammed shared memory r vaswani j zahorjan proceedings of the thirteenth acm symposium on operating & hellip ; 1991.0 
efficiency in parallel computation : algorithms emulations and vlsi pins university of maryland at kj rappoport md  
g. & dou j. ( 1984 ) vertical partitioning algorithms for database design s navathe sw ceri acm transactions on database  
switch fabric interfaces i elhanany k busch d chiou   
improving text categorization methods for event detection y yang t ault t pierce c lattimer proc . acm sigir  
support vector machine clustering a ben-hur d horn ht siegelmann v vapnik journal of machine learning research  
hill . cost-effective parallel computing da wood d mark ieee computer  
over-expression of human dna polymerase lambda in e. coli and characterization of the recombinant n shimazaki k yoshida t kobayashi s toji k genes to cells 2002.0 
program participation of mothers on w-2 . m cancian dr meyer w-2 child support demonstration evaluation phase 1 : final & hellip ;  
the fight for your tv set c barr pc magazine 1993.0 
career education : a prospective a retrospective and a few guesses . ae levine new directions for higher education 1987.0 
asynchronous distance education project g hsieh  1995.0 
les bioprovinces de la paratã © thys et leurs relations f marinescu paleontologia i evoluciã ³  
reconnaissance of the ground-water resources of the ellwood-gaviota area ga miller jr rapp santa barbara county california  
on the way to the professoriate : the dissertation rg hamilton new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
surgery for lateral elbow pain r buchbinder s green s bell l barnsley n smidt cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
variational models for microstructure and phase transitions s mueller lecture notes in mathematics-springer verlag - 1999.0 
te iii . cheatham pa kollman i massova c reyes b kuhn s huo l acc . chem . res  
push technology personalization through event correlation a adi d botzer o etzion t yatzkar-haham proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
analysis and design an adaptive virtual queue ( avq ) algorithm for active queue management v misra wb gong d towsley proc . acm/sigcomm  
building editing skills : putting students at the center of the editing process r murie new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
progress with biotechnology and gm crops in developing countries c thirtle proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference of & hellip ;  
time independent invocation in java cms m hof a ulbert periodica polytechnica electrical engineering 2000.0 
k l. wood b. mj and wolber lt heberlein g dias d. a network security monitor . in proceedings of the ieee & hellip ;  
energy efficient indexing on air rutgers university t imielinski s viswanathan br badrinath international conference on management of data acm sigmod & hellip ;  
editor 's notes ja neff journal of emergency  
storhouse metanoiaâ ?? new applications for database f carino p kostamaa a kaufmann j burgess storage & data warehousing acm sigmod usa  
sensitivity of the barley mildew pathogen to triadimenol in selected europeanareas e limpert b koller zurich ( switzerland ) : institute of plant sciences  
selecting managers for foreign assignments y zeira m banai management decision  
freshml : programming with binders made simple mr shinwell am pitts mj gabbayâ ? ¦   
critical and postmodern perspectives on adult learning dw kilgore new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
is the argentine gdp stationary around a broken trend ? ge utrera unpublished  
cohomologie ã © tale p deligneâ ? ¦  1977.0 
on structured singular values of reciprocal matrices s yamamoto h kimura   
correlating events for monitoring business processes j schiefer c mcgregor   
tutorial : text dominated databases theory practice and experience gh gonnet proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod symposium on principles & hellip ; 1994.0 
temperature and life h precht  1973.0 
neural computing : theory and practice pd wasserman  1989.0 
atomicity and isolation for transactional processes h schuldt g alonso c beeri hj schek acm transactions on database systems 2002.0 
general and relationship-based perceptions of social support : are two constructs better than one gr pierce ig sarason br sarason journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
the risk premium approach to measuring a utilityâ ?? s cost of equity e brigham d shome s vinson financial management  
delayed-impact infectious disease after a natural disaster . ra bissell journal of emergency medicine 1983.0 
play in cultural contexts = mang kultuurikontekstis . a saar p hakkarainenâ ? ¦ & hellip ; university of social and educational sciences . proceedings 1998.0 
rtrees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching a guttman  1984.0 
the rebound sorter : an efficient sort engine for large files tc chen vy lum c tung vldb 1978.0 
national marine mammal laboratory 7600 sand point way ne rl delong seattle  
elastogenesis in rat arterial grafts : elastin deposits on microfibrillar and non-microfibrillar c lethias e chignier r garrone dj hartmann r the histochemical journal 1988.0 
distance-based software measurement : necessary and sufficient properties for software measures g poels g dedene information & software technology 2000.0 
clinical review 73 medical treatment of androgen-dependent hirsutism rs rittmaster md 1995.0 
a comparison of ` traditional ' and multimedia information systems development practices c barry m lang information & software technology  
languages for end users . l harris computerworld. 1985.0 
multivalency and cooperativity in supramolecular chemistry . jd badji a nelson sj cantrill wb turnbull jf acc . chem . res 2005.0 
spectrin ubiquitination and oxidative stress : potential roles in blood and neurological disorders j sangerman d kakhniashvili a brown a shartava   
the object-oriented brewery : a comparison of two object-oriented development methods ss cohen acm sigsoft software engineering notes 1993.0 
interval constraint logic programming f benhamou lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
education for adult development : the components of qualitative change rp weathersby new directions for higher education 1980.0 
enhancement and bandwidth compression of noisy speech js lim av oppenheim ieee proceedings 1979.0 
effect of pharmacological agents on endoeytosis and coendocytosis oflge by rat basophilic leukemia k furuichi j rivera c isersky  1985.0 
the use of overgeneralization and transfer learning strategies by elementary and intermediate bp taylor new directions in second language learning teaching and  
macmahonâ ?? s partition analysis vi : a new reduction theorem ge andrews p paule a riese  2000.0 
product development in japan : evolution vs. revolution l young electronic business  
matching is as easy as matrix inversion k mulmuley uv vazirani vv vazirani proceedings of the nineteenth annual acm conference on & hellip ; 1987.0 
rate-distortion optimal skeleton-based shape coding h wang ak katsaggelos tn pappas   
workstation 3.51 product overview 1995 nt windows microsoft  
the r-tree : anef cientandrobust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . of the acm sigmod conf  
part seven : should adult and continuing education professionals be certified ? . wb james ba white new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å ? parity-based loss recovery for reliable multicast transmissionã cents â ? ¬ â ? j nonnenmacher e biersack d towsley proc acm sigcomm  
mapping scalp topographies of rhythmic eeg activity using temporal decorrelation based constrained cj james cw hesse   
adaptive importance sampling technique for markov chains using stochastic approximation tpi ahamed vs borkar submitted for publication 2004.0 
beach birds . a coasst field guide t hass jk parrish  2000.0 
a parallel implementation of smith-waterman sequence comparison algorithm bhw yang   
database systems management and oracle8 cg doherty sigmod conference 1998.0 
the design of special purpose chips mj foster ht kung ieee computer  
new therapeutic approaches to sickle cell disease : targeting rbc membrane oxidative damage sr goodman bs pace a shartava cellular and molecular biology letters 1998.0 
adaptive resource management for indoor mobile computing environments s lu v bharghavan proceedings of acm  
latex-safe emergency cart products list ml bernstein journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
answering xml queries over heterogeneous data sources i manolescu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
single dose paracetamol ( acetaminophen ) with and without codeine for postoperative pain a moore s collins d carroll h mcquay j edwards cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a data modeling tool where associations come alive bk ehlmann proc . 21st iasted int &#39; l conf . modelling identification and & hellip ;  
larch prover : online help sj garland jv guttag mit laboratory for computer  
linguistic problems in deâ ® ning the concept oftribe ' d hymes  1968.0 
thresholding estimators for inverse problems and deconvolutions j kalifa sg mallat unpublished manuscript  
the influence of random delays on parallel execution times vsamk vernon proc . 1993 acm sigmetrics &#39; 93  
latent semantic analysis passes the test : knowledge representation and multiple-choice testing tk landauer pw foltz d laham unpublished manuscript  
maximum likelihood method for probabilistic multi-hypothesis tracking r streit t luginbuhl proc . spie 1994.0 
a multi-agent approach for peer-to-peer-based information retrieval systems h zhang wb croft b levine v lesser   
distributed stochastic simulation and amdalhâ ?? s law k pawlikowski d mcnickle  1998.0 
efficient computation of basis vectors of the address sequence lattice j ramanujam submitted for publication  
human resource development as adult education : fostering the educative workplace jm dirkx new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
dynamics mechanism of change in early perceptuo-motor development e thelen proc . of the 29th carnegie symposium on cognition  
lichen communities b mccune j dey j peck k heiman s will-wolf & hellip ; loblolly/shortleaf pine demonstration final report . us & hellip ;  
negation vs. inequation and typing for linguistic applications b carpenter g penn unpublished manuscript  
experimental evaluation of a model for multilateral negotiation with fuzzy preferences on an agent - f teuteberg electronic markets 2003.0 
dependable computing for critical applications volume 4 of dependable computing and fault-tolerant a avizienis jc laprie  1989.0 
developing a model for determining coastal marsh '' health ms kearney as rogers jrg townshend wt lawrence third thematic conference on remote sensing for marine and & hellip ; 1995.0 
approximation techniques for spatial data a das j gehrke m riedewald proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the prototype of the dare system t catarci g santucci   
multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkhoff hp kriegel r schneider b seeger   
object identity as a query language s abiteboul pc kanellakis proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
parametric query optimization j madhavan   
on-line information systems in anatomy : the digital anatomist interactive atlases jf brinkley kr eno sw bradley jw sundsten c  1997.0 
positron annihilation in chemistry oe mogensen  1995.0 
investigation of the load flow problem ll freris am sasson  1968.0 
optimizing top-k selection queries over multimedia repositories l gravano a marian ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
there 's more to menu systems than meets the screen portal.acm.org   
using magic words to teach social studies k barton social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
lh * s : a high-availability and high-security scalable distributed data structure w litwin ma neimat   
odd and residue domination numbers of a graph y caro wf klostermeyer jl goldwasser discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2001.0 
development of the individual leads to more productive workplaces ll bierema new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
aspects of effective learning environments r hiemstra new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
authentication revised tyc woo ss lam ieee computer  
beyond pm 101 : lessons for managing large development programs ak graham project management journal 2000.0 
a case for redundant arrays of inexpensive disks ( raid ) '' acm sigmod intl da patterson ga gibson rh katz conf . on data management  
descriptive name services for large internets jj ordille  1993.0 
the danger of replicationand a solution j gray p helland po ` neil d shasha acm sigmod int . conf on management of data montreal june  
toward rapid '' green '' predictable microwave-assisted synthesis . ba roberts cr strauss acc . chem . res 2005.0 
bernoulli numbers homotopy groups and a theorem of rohlin m kervaire j milnor proc . int . congress edinborough  
object fusion in mediator systems extended version . available by anonymous ftp at db yp pgm h garcia-molina stanford . edu as the le pubpapakonstantinou1995fusion-extended .  
compressed vliw meets multi-media p clarke electronic engineering 1995.0 
braid : stream mining through group lag correlations y sakurai s papadimitriou c faloutsos proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
technical activities forum : multiple-valued logic tc stresses innovation m kameyama ieee  
a decision process model of r & d resource allocation in hierarchical organizations ep winkofsky nr baker dj sweeney management science 1981.0 
impact of a case-managed hiv care program on health care access and expenditures s crystal u sambamoorthi at lo sasso unpublished manuscript  
life tasks self-concept ideals and cognitive strategies in a life transition n cantor jk norem pm niedenthal ca langston am journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
strategic partnerships and competitiveness of business-to-business e-marketplaces : preliminary m lenz electronic markets 2002.0 
dynamic vp-tree indexing for n-nearest neighbor search given pair-wise distances aw fu pm chan yl cheung ys moon the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
on the series spectrum of hydrogen and the structure of the atomâ ?? n bohr phil . mag  
evaluation of video summarization for a large number of cameras in ubiquitous home gc de silva t yamasaki k aizawa proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
defunctionalization at work o danvy lr nielsen proceedings of the 3rd acm sigplan international conference & hellip ; 2001.0 
publishers london 1983 j allsop c cassellâ ?? s studentsâ ?? english   
long abstract and poster in 5th world congress of the institute of american chemical engineers m wijk e wikstad m kritikos r norrestam g san diego  
trac je sammet programming languages : history and fundamentals  
some further analysis of the essential blocking recurrence jt robinson sigmod record 1991.0 
integrating vertical and horizontal partitioning into automated physical database s agrawal v narasayya b yang proceedings of the acm  
access to objects by path expressions and rules . vldbâ ?? 94 j frohn g lausen h uphoff proceedings of 20th international conference on very large & hellip ;  
rapid development : taming wild software schedules s mcconnell   
towards an enumeration and classification of gis functions mf goodchild proc . int . gis symposium  
paging performance with page coloring wl lynch mj flynn   
comparative analysis of five xml query languages a bonifati s ceri sigmod record 2000.0 
kent . d. wilken . precise register allocation for irregular architectures t kong proc . acm  
time to die : the coming destruction of american health care k hopkins unpublished  
thomas pynchon 's multiple absurdities d hausdorff wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
toward building more effective learning environments . r hiemstra new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
on the autocorrelation structure of tcp traffic dr figueiredo b liu v misra d towsley computer networks 2002.0 
computation tree logic ctl * and path quantifiers in the monadic theory of the binary tree icalp87 . t hafer w thomas proc . 3rd acm symp .  
a mathematical modeling approach to the automatic selection of database designs st march dg severance   
rejection of skin allografts by indirect allorecognition of donor class i major histocompatibility j fangmann r dalchau jw fabre transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
on an algebra for historical databases : two views j clifford ds tansel proc . acm sigmod conf  
the radiance lighting simulation and rendering system gj ward proceedings of siggraph 1994.0 
spaces of citizenship : an introduction j painter c philo political geography 1995.0 
photo loi : browsing multi-user photo collections r nair n reid m davis proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
assessing the socioeconomic impact of improved treatment of head and spinal cord injuries m berkowitz journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
characterisation of a fast cmos imaging sensor for high speed laser detections b casadei   
numerical study of the steady state uniform flow past a rotating cylinder jc padrino dd joseph   
reviewing the research literature : you do n't have to do it alone j koziol-mclain p tanabe journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
multi-model based optimization for stream query processing y liu b plale   
aspect and aktionsart in child mandarin l ping unpublished manuscript  
a new hazard of cornstarch an absorbable dusting powder cm ruhl jh urbancic pa foresman mj cox gt journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
dyadic decision trees cd scott  2004.0 
a benchmark for xml data management a schmidt f waas m kersten m carey i manolescu vldb  
andragogy after twenty-five years dd pratt new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
schema evolution in object-oriented database systems gt nguyen d rieu data & knowledge engineering 1989.0 
distributed management in local area networks tw page jr gj popek proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
a statistical framework for peptide identification from tandem mass spectrometry data kh jarman wr cannon kd jarman a heredia-langner  2003.0 
metrics and software structure ne fenton aa kaposi information and software technology 1987.0 
development of three-dimensionaldisplay with accomodative compensation s shiwa k omura t miyasato proc . int . display workshop  
ultrashort laser pulse phenomena : fundamentals techniques and applications on a femtosecond time jc diels w rudolph san diego  
the grimke sisters from south carolina : pioneers for womenâ ?? s rights and abolition ( 1967 ; oxford : gl see dixon  
application of newtonâ ?? s identities to a generalized birthday problem and to the poisson binomial c stein technical report 354 dept. statistics stanford university  
â ?? comparison of erosion rates of carbon-carbon and molybdenum ion optics js meserole de hedges proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion  
querying continuous time sequences l lin t risch proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
retrieving answers from frequently asked questions pages on the web v jijkoun m de rijke proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
functionality and architecture of psees a fuggetta information and software technology 1996.0 
externality in the nonobese : effects of environmental responsiveness on weight j rodin j slochower journal of personality and social psychology 1976.0 
hardwood bii and net primary producdon following clearcnningâ ?? in the coweeta basin lr bating wt swat & im rt. brooks jr. ( editor ) procs  
the health of poor urban women : findings from the project on devolution and urban change df polit as london jm martinez   
delivering presentations from multimedia servers nh balkir g ozsoyoglu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
timeline of computer history b carlson a burgess c miller ieee computer  
policy-based quality of service and security management for multimedia services on ip networks in g valrie d sandrine k brigitte d gladys h eric mmns 2002 ifip/ieee international conference on management & hellip ;  
lazy induction of descriptions for relational case-based learning . in de raedt l. & flach p. e armengol e plaza machine learning : ecml-2001  
the environmental evidence wjb mckenna excavations at  
worst-case bounds for the logarithmic loss of predictors n cesa-bianchi g lugosi machine learning 2001.0 
a mean value performance model for locking in databases : the waiting case yc tay r suri n goodman proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
natural video browsing cz zhu t mei xs hua proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
lessons from wall street : case studies in database tuning configuration and replication d shasha proc . 1997 acm sigmod  
castor oil bath and/or enema for cervical priming and induction of labour aj kelly j kavanagh j thomas cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
webdav : work together . from m floyd pc  
how to hide zinc in a small protein ca blindauer pj sandler acc . chem . res 2005.0 
non ionizing near infrared radiation transillumination spectroscopy for breast tissue density and mk simick r jong bc wilson l lilge submitted for  
sustainable growth under inflation r higgins financial management  
legal education and entry into the legal profession : the role of race gender and educational debt la kornhauser rl revesz new york university law review 1995.0 
posting on harlan county queries board august 6 1999 ( www . rootsweb . com ) '' b johnson   
algorithms and environments for complementarity ts munson  2000.0 
bone disease in liver transplant recipients : incidence timing and risk factors mk porayko rh wiesner je hay raf krom er transplant proc 1991.0 
bounds for smoothness of refinable functions february 2004 h thielemann   
knocking the door to the deep web : integrating web query interfaces b he z zhang kcc chang   
explanation structures in xsel k kukich proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ; 1985.0 
database challenges in global information systems . d konopnicki o shmueli proc . of the 21st int . conf . on very large databases vldb  
adaptive navigation in real autonomous agents d lambrinos  1995.0 
querying multi-dimensional data indexed using the hilbert space-filling curve jk lawder sigmod record 2001.0 
a rapid railway simulation model development system incorporating automatic model generation k tsiflakos   
flash : an efficient and portable web server 1998 vs pai p druschel w zwaenepoel submitted for  
bucket spreading parallel hash : a new robust parallel hash join method for data skew in the super mk kg901 y ogawa proc . of 16th vldb conference  
concurrent clean e nocker jew smetsers m van eekelen mj proc . parle  
microscopic vision gj stoney phil . mag  
get ready for agile methods with care b boehm   
nt 5.0 and beyond mj miller pc magazine nov  
a functional framework for web-based information visualisation systems m berder r klein a disch a ebert ieee transactions on visualization and computer graphics  
relations between quadratic forms and certain galois extensions f villegas  1987.0 
bayesian imitation learning in a robotic head ap shon db grimes cl baker rpn rao nips ( demonstration track )  
new feature for module protection in simula j palme acm sigplan notices 1976.0 
linbo thin '' lm grown by lpmocvd using-diketonate metal organic complexes sc jung n imaishi hc park proceedings of 13th international conference on c < d  
kernel method for percentile feature extraction technical report msr-tr-2000-22 b scholkopf jc platt aj smola  2000.0 
programming ado d sceppa  2000.0 
a rapid microwave dissolution method for the determination of trace and minor elements in j nieuwenhuize ch poley-vos at . spectrosc  
the fable begins to break down j gindin wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
a new fast algorithm for automatic segmentation of continuous speech i gholampour k nayebi proceedings of  
can nonexperimental comparison group methods match the findings from a random assignment evaluation h bloom c michalopoulos c hill y lei manpower demonstration research corporation june  
more than just a pretty interface : access content and relevance in computer technology . b mitchell-powell social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
an analysis of storage utilization in block split data structuring scheme t nakamura t mizoguchi 4th international conference on very large  
atlas of immunofluorescent autoantibodies urban & schwarzenberg baltimore ar krapf ca von mã 1/4 hlen fe krapf rm nakamura md  
comparing dos and os/2 file systems r duncan pc magazine  
continues queries over data streams s babu j widom sigmod record  
shocktunnel studies on lateral jets/hypervelocity cross flow kw naumann h ende a george g mathieu proc 21st int symp shock waves australia  
perspective and the poetic process n sullivan wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
switching from a primal { dual newton algorithm to a primal { dual ( interior ) simplex { algorithm . rj n megiddo ibm almaden research center san jose california  
eliminating fuzzy duplicates in data warehouses r ananthakrishna s chaudhuri v ganti vldb 2002.0 
e. kendall pw marzwaha n cusack phil . mag  
a secure address resolution protocol mg gouda ct huang computer networks 2003.0 
design of movable bridges gm stepanov & hellip ; engineering international iabse zurich switzerland  
responding to learning needs . kp cross new directions for higher education 1979.0 
a temporal relational algebra as basis for temporal relational completeness a tuzhilin j clifford vldb 1990.0 
the roles of expression and representation in language evolution jr hurford   
simple efficient load balancing algorithms for peer-to-peer systems dr karger m ruhl   
smallest enclosing disks ( balls and ellipsoids ) e welzl lecture notes in computer science 1991.0 
distance browsing in spatial databases t sellis n roussopoulos acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
controlling emi by proper wiring board layout hw ott & hellip ; . 6th int . symp . electromagn . compat . ( zurich switzerland ) & hellip ;  
1 1996 all primary care services ( excluding hospital outpatient services ) have been free for all s april   
implementation and analysis of efficient graph planarity testing algorithms . rw shirey  1969.0 
occurrence and function of amines in endocrine cells producing polypeptide hormones c owman f sundler fed proc 1973.0 
optimal focussing of scalar fields subject to arbitrary upper bounds t isernia g panariello electronic  
i. beigel m. furst and s. rudich : the expressive power of voting polynomials j aspnes proceedings of the 23rd annual acâ ?? m syrn-posium on theory & hellip ;  
properties and genetic regulation of tetrahymena galactokinase je lavine  1980.0 
mobile radio channels modeling in matlab n kostov   
s. subrahmanian . amultimediapresentation algebra s adali ml sapinoetv & hellip ; of the acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
when financial incentives pay for themselves : early findings from the self-sufficiency projectâ ?? s c michalopoulos pk robins d card   
face identification by fitting a 3d morphable model using linear shape and texture error functions s romdhani v blanz t vetter lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
java is hot hot hot c babcok computerworld  
paradoxical embolism : diagnosis and management to cheng journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
approximating total flow time with preemption s leonardi d raz proc . of the 29th annual acm symposium on theory of  
masking system crashes in database applications j freytag f cristian b kaehler proc . intl. conf . on very large data bases sep  
anda . pfeffer generalizedsearchtreesfordatabase systems . in proc j hellerstein j naughton 21st intl conference on very large databases zurich & hellip ;  
the effect of message framing on breast self-examination attitudes intentions and behavior be meyerowitz s chaiken journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
updating derived relations : detecting irrelevant and autonomously computable updates ja blakeley n coburn pv larson acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
bilateral us-cambodia textile agreement a embassy  2002.0 
asdex upgrade team 2001 pj mc carthy w suttrop j hobirk w schneider r proc . 28th eps conf . on controlled fusion and plasma physics  
activeviewsforelectroniccommerce s abiteboul c cluet l mignet b amann t milo a proc . 25th vldb edinburgh uk september  
ten commands of formal methods jp bowen mg hinchey ieee computer  
handling summary information in a database h sato sigmod rec  
emmerce yourself m brandel a alper   
real-time distributed system specification and verification in aptl f wang ak mok ea emerson acm tosem  
an efficient quality of service routing algorithm for delay-sensitive applications w liu w lou y fang w liu w lou y fang computer networks 2005.0 
conditional price trends in the aftermarket for initial public offerings j affleck-graves s hegde re miller   
no task left behind ? examining the nature of fragmented work g mark vm gonzalez j harris proceedings of acm chi 2005.0 
the marking and interactional functions of epistemic stance in american english conversational e kã $ rkkã $ inen  1998.0 
a query languageand optimization techniquesfor unstructured data p buneman s davidson g hillebrand d suciu proceedings of acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
history on trial : culture wars and the teaching of the past gb nash c crabtree re dunn   
aurora : a new model and architecture for data stream management dj abadi d carney u ã?etintemel m cherniack c the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
academic policy committee 2004-2005 annual report f senate  2005.0 
the bridges of epirus s mantas greek ) technical publications ae athens greece  
the charge distribution of multiply charged nuclei in the primary cosmic radiation cj waddington phil . mag  
biodiversity politics and the contest for ownership of the worldâ ?? s biota s sanderson kh redford see kramer  
rrgion parotidienne p sebileau dã © monstration d &#39; anatomie . steinheil paris  
challenges : an application model for pervasive computing g banavex j beck e gluzberg j munson j sussman proc . acm mobigom  
concurrency control of nested transactions accessing b-trees a fu t kameda proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1989.0 
regional creative destruction : production organization globalization and the economic r florida economic geography 1996.0 
women in engineering program advocates network ( wepan ) conference le schumaker seattle washington june  
comparaison de smllr et de smap pour une adaptation au locuteur en utilisant des modã ¨ les f lauri i illina d fohr proceedings of the xxivã ¨ mes journã © es d &#39; etude sur la parole  
education for motherhood : advice for mothers in twentieth-century canada ( toronto : university of k arnup   
new models and algorithms for programmable networks d raz y shavitt computer networks 2002.0 
in control of motion : from molecular switches to molecular motors cm switches acc . chem . res 2001.0 
time series classification using gaussian mixture models of reconstructed phase spaces ugm models ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
perturbations in the fibrinolytic pathway abolish cyst formation but not capillary-like organization n dubois-stringfellow   
mining community structure of named entities from free text x li b liu proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
london : columbia university press/wallflower press 2002 . xviii 285p . appendices . notes . bibliog . n york   
gd 1.2 a graphics library for fast gif creation t boutell   
xperanto : publishing object-relational data as xml . mj carey d florescu zg ives y lu j webdb ( informal proceedings ) 2000.0 
dynamic voting algorithms for maintaining the consistency of a replicated database s jajodia d mutchler acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
preparing college faculty jg gaff as pruitt-logan new directions for higher education 1998.0 
indexing mobile objects using dual transformations g kollios d papadopoulos d gunopulos vj tsotras the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
on-board engine life usage monitoring by real time computation m koehl   
an opttmrtcng prolog frontend to a relatconal query system m jarke j clifford y vasslhou proceedings of the 1984 acmsigmod international conference & hellip ;  
final evaluation report . part ii . children in choros & chronos project i ioannidou a dimitracopoulou esprit / i  
long and winding road : collaborative it and organizational change h karsten m jones proc acm conf comput support coop work 1998.0 
san vs. nas : do n't get hustled j seymour pc magazine  
concurrency control in a system for distributed databases bb pa dw shipman jb rothnr jr acm tods  
project office : a route to better performance k melymuka computerworld  
control of insulin secretion by catecholamines stress and the sympathetic nervous system d porte rp robertson federation proceedings 1973.0 
proposizione xxxvi refers not to ptolemy 's v problema   
on the effectiveness of optimization search strategies for parallel execution spaces rsg lanzelotte p valduriez m zait proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
on designing pronunciation lexicons for large vocabulary continuous speech recognition l lamel g adda   
garcia-luna-aceves jj : transmission scheduling in ad hoc networks with directional antennas l bao proc . of acm  
noise colour and the risk of population extinctions j ripa p lundberg proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
g. weikum . the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database disk buffering on ej on pe  1993.0 
hoeffding inequalities for online aggregation pj haas computing science and statistics  
the vis-a-vid transparent video facetop d stotts j smith d jen proceedings of acm uist 2003.0 
the effectiveness of computer graphics for decision support : meta-analytical integration of research mih hwang bjp wu acm sigmis database 1991.0 
the feasibility of using interrupted time-series analysis to measure jobs-plus impacts on employment hs bloom b glispie new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
defining international education hm hansen new directions for higher education 2002.0 
obtaining optimal solutions to resource constrained network scheduling problems l schrage unpublished manuscript  
comments on '' note on the expected size of a join '' . acms anthology sigmod record 1982.0 
spatially-decaying aggregation over a network : model and algorithms e cohen h kaplan proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
molecular assembly of rna polymerase ii from the fission yeast schizosaccharomyces pombe : subunit - t miyao k yasui h sakurai m yamagishi a genes to cells 1996.0 
multicast routing and wavelength assignment in wide-area networks g sahin m azizoglu proc . spie 1998.0 
topics in the theory of random noise translated by ra silverman ( gordon and breach new york 1963 ) rl stratonovich vol .  
inside microsoft windows 2000 chapter 12 : file systems da solomon me russinovich  2000.0 
confidence intervals for factor forecasts with many predictors j bai s ng unpublished manuscript  
reducing system fragmentation in dynamically partitionable mesh-connected architectures j srisawat na alexandridis procs . of intâ ?? l conf . on parallel and distributed  
three rivers press dt gordon   
system desiderata for xml databases a salminen fw tompa proceedings of the 27th vldb conference roma italy 2001.0 
picture programming project . acms anthology p edition   
quality of service and flow-aware admission control in the internet n benameur sb fredj s oueslati-boulahia j computer networks  
automated model selection based on relevance reasoning a levy y iwasaki r fikes  1995.0 
statistics on views ca galindo-legaria mm joshi f waas mc wu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
sorting using networks of queues and stacks r tarjan journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1972.0 
the stress distribution in a long circular cylinder when a discontinuous pressure is applied to the c tranter jw craggs phil . mag  
quasi-random access memory systems gl hollander proceedings of ejcc  
data staging for on-demand broadcast d aksoy mj franklin s zdonik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
family nurturance and the development of obsession with body image and weight j rastall  1999.0 
a performance evaluation of pointerbased joins es sc901 mj carey proc . of the acm sigmod intl. ccmf :  
using climate data to predict grizzly bear litter size hd picton rr knight international conference on bear research and management  
the energy release in the reaction li $ sup 7 $ ( d p ) li $ sup 8 $ eb paul phil . mag 1950.0 
algorithms for scheduling malleable and nonmalleable parallel tasks wt ludwig  1995.0 
self-assessment : essential skills for adult learners . do justice c marienau new directions for teaching and learning 1988.0 
leap : the educational effects of leap and enhanced services in cleveland : ohio 's learning earning d long  1994.0 
primary producers v alexander dw stanley rj daley cp mcroy see ref  
toward systems ecology ap sage ieee computer 1998.0 
amnesia : a minimal model and an interpretation a baddeley see cermak  
quantum groups and the yang-baxter equation m jimbo to  
freshwater mollusks of the upper klamath drainage oregon tj frest ej johannes & hellip ; consultants seattle washington . oregon natural heritage & hellip ;  
the c-hã ? ã?ã?o hydrogen bond in crystals : what is it gr desiraju acc . chem . res  
multiple locus haplotype analysis version 2.0 . software and documentation distributed by the author jc long md  
a modification of davidon 's minimization method to accept difference approximations of derivatives gw stewart iii journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1967.0 
from selective to adaptive education through human services . ha korn new directions for higher education 1973.0 
discontinuous trajectories optimality in the nonlinear optimal control problems g kolokolnikova procs of 13th world congress of the ifac  
daffe/clp/wp3 / wd ( 2001 ) 10 r by finland   
broadband access via satellite a ephremides d friedman mh hadjitheodosiou computer networks  
inhabited intelligent environments v callaghan g clarke m colley h hagras jsy bt technology journal 2004.0 
musicstory : a personalized music video creator da shamma b pardo kj hammond proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
student involvement : active learning in classes p frederick new directions for teaching and  
inside windows nt ( microsoft programming series ) da solomon  1998.0 
export strategies and performance of firms from emerging economies : evidence from brazil chile and ps aulakh m kotabe h teegen academy of management journal 2000.0 
a literature review and critical analysis of school violence and teachersâ ?? perception of the zero dr konter  2000.0 
unraveling punitive damages : current data and further inquiry ml rustad wisconsin law review 1998.0 
estimating the quality of functional programs : an empirical investigation r harrison lg samaraweera mr dobie ph lewis information and software technology 1995.0 
output-based objective speech quality measure using self-organizing map d picovici ae mahdi   
a first-class approach to genericity e allen j bannet r cartwright   
a note on the use of z for flowgraph transformation ne fenton d mole information and software technology  
the flash protocol-version : 1.4 m heinrich technical report stanford university flash group  
batched searching of sequential and tree structured files b shneiderman acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
molecular beam epitaxial growth of vertical-cavity lasers for optical cummunication mg peters  1995.0 
evaluation of trends in runoff in the western united states : managing water resources during global kl wahl proc . american water resources association 28th annual conf . & hellip ;  
the pyramid-tree : towards breaking the curse of dimensionality s berchtold c bã ¶ hm hp kriegel proc . int . conf . on management of data ( sigmodâ ?? 98 ) & hellip ;  
the reconstruction of the impedance and the coated portion of a partially coated obstacle m fotouhi m hesaaraki   
cocaine-induced wide complex dysrhythmia w kerns l garvey j owens journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
statistical guarantees for packet buffers : the monolithic dram case g shrimali n mckeown stanford university hpng technical  
a framework for implementing hypothetical queries t griffin r hull proc . of the 1997 acm sigmod intl. conference on management  
self-similarity in world wide web trac : evidence and causes '' m crovella a bestavros proc . acm sigmetrics  
galileo : a strongly typed language for complex objects a albano l cardelli r orsini acm tods  
a and balluffi rw 1965 ja ytterhus phil . mag  
a plcdelta 1-binding protein p 122/rhogap is localized in caveolin-enriched membrane domains and m yamaga m sekimata m fujii k kawai h kamata genes to cells 2004.0 
cyclers : an analysis of the welfare caseload c miller s leavers  2002.0 
the quantum phisics of atomic frequency standards ( hilger bristol 1989 ) j vanier c audoin vol .  
greening disease of citrus in the deccan trap country and its relationship with the vector sp capoor dg rao sm viswanath see ref  
metabolism of p-nitroanisole and aniline in isolated hepatocytes of streptozotocin-diabetic rats pi eacho m weiner   
realm-based spatial data types : the rose algebra . fernuniversitã $ t hagen report 141 1993 to rh gã 1/4 ting m schneider vldb  
airway obstruction following canebrake rattlesnake envenomation w kerns journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
psychological conditions of personal engagement and disengagement at work wa kahn the academy of management journal 1990.0 
an analysis of bgp convergent properties it gri & g wiifong proc . acm sigcomm  
distance-basedindexing for high dimensional metric spaces tbm ozsoyoglu proc . of sigmod  
an improved method for microscopical diagnosis of intermittent fevers r ross lancet i  
a study on the management of semantic transaction for efficient data retrieval sm huang i kwan ch li sigmod record 2002.0 
vectorization for simd architectures with alignment constraints ae eichenberger   
introduction to a new approach to experiential learning l jackson i macisaac new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
an object-oriented real-time framework and development environment t kuan wb see sj chen proc .  
working models of attachment : implications for explanation emotion and behavior nl collins journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
editorial : electronic area m bradshaw area 2001.0 
the student credit hour : an international exploration tr wolanin new directions for higher education 2003.0 
hosting the . net runtime in microsoft sql server a acheson m bendixen ja blakeley p carlin e proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
specific and infraspecific delimitation c van steenis flora malesiana i  
communications for the construction industry gw popple sp towndrow bt technology journal 1994.0 
carboplatin and etoposide with hyperfractionated radiotherapy in children with newly diagnosed aw walter a gajjar js ochs jw langston ra   
the simulation of the large investment projects k rais m drdla 5 thinternational conference athens greece  
materialized view and index selection tool for microsoft sql server 2000 s agrawal s chaudhuri v narasayya sigmod conference 2001.0 
the charmed circle : von thã 1/4 nen and agriculture around nineteenth century london pj atkins geography  
minimum cost path using binary relation inference network c su kp lam submitted for publication  
routine ultrasound in late pregnancy ( after 24 weeks gestation ) l bricker jp neilson cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
implementation of an 8-bit microcontroller with system c l kesen  2004.0 
galaxy-ii : a reference architecture for conversational system development s seneff e hurley   
signal-dependent nonlinearities for physical models using time-varying fractional delay filters v vã $ limã $ ki t tolonen m karjalainen   
a parallel index for semistructured data b cooper n sample m shadmon   
social economic and ethical implications of ambient intelligence and ubiquitous computing j bohn v coroama m langheinrich f mattern m eth zurich switzerland http://www . vs. inf . ethz . ch/publ / & hellip ;  
heat transfer in circulating fluidized bed a sekthira y lee we genetti proceedings of the 25 thnational heat transfer conference & hellip ;  
mheg : an introduction to the future international standard for hypermedia object interchange r price proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1993.0 
list of acronymns atm apon bt technology journal 2000.0 
coping with java programming stress jva rt jm bieman ieee computer  
yu . i. kabanov et al. â ?? decommissioning of commercial reactors at the siberian chemical combine vd bagaev ii baranov at .  
mechanisms for distributed shared memory sk reinhardt  1996.0 
questioning thrombolytic use for cerebrovascular accidents j li journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
dj 1996 . of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil mj carey t dewit   
relational databases for querying xml documents : limitations and opportunities d dewitt j naughton j shanmugasundaram k tufte proceedings of the 25th vldb conference  
model-based motion estimation for synthetic animations m agrawala ac beers n chaddha   
scientific journals : extinction or explosion ? ( panel ) r ramakrishnan h garcia-molina g rossbach a proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ; 1995.0 
semi-membership algorithms : some recent advances d denny-brown y han la hemaspaandra l acm sigact news 1994.0 
re-designing distance functions and distance-based applications for high dimensional applications cc aggarwal proc . of sigmod-pods  
hydrofoil analysis and design program ( hande ) final report aj brennan jd burroghs wc hurt w wichert d the boeing company seattle washington d  
pharmacokinetics and metabolism of cyclosporin a t beveridge see ref  
near infrared camera and multi-object spectrometer instrument handbook version 4.1 june 2001 ab schultz md  
human service organizations as communities of learning . vj marsick new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
balkan ghosts . a journey through history rd kaplan   
pc docs open : the next step j karney pc magazine 1993.0 
wplyw temperatury i czasu spiekania na wlasciwosci mechaniczne produktow otrzymanych z odpadowego a jarosinski w natanek fizykochemiczne problemy mineralurgii 1996.0 
effect of aluminum sulfate additions to poultry litter on phosphorus runoff pa moore jr tc daniel dr edwards br shreve tj demonstration of nutrient management for poultry litter & hellip ;  
a new approach to alas/gaas quantum dot structures using movpe on tetrahedral-shaped recesses formed y sakuma y sugiyama s muto n yokoyama  1994.0 
hodfa : an architectural framework for homogenizing heterogeneous legacy databases cw bay hk kowloon sigmod record 1995.0 
a short questionnaire to assess motion sickness susceptibility ( mssq-short ) : normative values jf golding proceedings of the xxxvii symposium international dâ ?? & hellip ;  
rajaraman . a. implementing data cubes efficiently ujd harinarayan proc acm sigmod int &#39; l conf on management of data . montreal  
science of design for information systems r ramakrishnanâ ? ¦ acm sigmod record  
scalable lock-free dynamic memory allocation mm michael   
continuous queries over data streams j widom s babu sigmod record  
multicarrier modulation techniques for bandwidth efficient fixed wireless access systems t hunziker   
the lsd tree : spatial access to multidimensional point-and non-point-objects 15th int a henrich hw six p widmayer conf . on very large data bases  
models for hybrid systems : automata topologies controllability observability a nerode w kohn lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
parallel processing of recursive queries in distributed architectures g hulin vldb 1989.0 
hope : an efficient parallel fault simulator for synchronous sequential circuits hklds ha proc . 29th dac  
international migration and the politics of admission and exclusion in postwar europe h leitner political geography 1995.0 
independence is good : dependency-based histogram synopses for high-dimensional data a deshpande m garofalakis r rastogi sigmod conference 2001.0 
fixed-point query languages for linear constraint databases s kreutzer   
group-delay measurements using phase-shift method : improvement on the accuracy t niemi g genty h ludvigsen   
diskscheduling in multimedia i/o system alnrj wyllie proceedings of acm  
jet al. multimedia storage servers : a tutorial d gemmed ieee computer  
start-ng : delivering seamless parallel computing d chiou bs ang r greiner lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
evaluation of avector space similarity measure in a multilingual framework r besanã § on m rajman procs . 3rd international conference on language resources & hellip ;  
efficiently mining long patternsfrom databases r bayardo proc . of the acm sigmod conference  
calaban a adamson demonstration at birmingham university england june  
evaluating the network and usability characteristics of virtual reality conferencing cm greenhalgh bt technology journal 1997.0 
vestibulo-ocular relations b cohen see ref  
does nyse listing affect firm visibility ? hk baker ge powell dg weaver   
sql query optimization : reordering for a general class of queries p goel b iyer sigmod conference 1996.0 
access path selection in a relational dbms pg selinger mm astrahan dd chamberlin ra lorie  1979.0 
systems architecture : the empirical wayâ ?? abstract architectures to â ?? optimalâ ?? systems gr hellestrand proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
specification of techniques for handling exceptions with petri nets a oberweis automatisierungstechnikâ ?? at  
developing scalable protocols for three-metric qos routing lhmk costa s fdida ocmb duarte computer networks 2002.0 
academic administrative internships . tm stauffer new directions for higher education 1978.0 
exact description of reachable sets and global optimality conditions mm khrustalev avtomatika i telemekhanika  
higher order asymptotic expansion for a functional of a mixing process with applications to y sakamoto n yoshida unpublished manuscript  
md modern man in search ofa soul : cg jung san  
sâ ? spatialstats version 1.0 i mathsoft  1996.0 
benzodiazepine receptor antagonists for acute and chronic hepatic encephalopathy b als-nielsen ll kjaergard c gluud cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
making on-line services work for you a kantor pc magazine march  
taking the initiative : alternatives to government regulation . l stamato new directions for higher education 1980.0 
cancers after cyclosporine therapy i penn transplant  
all but 49 numbers are wiener indices of trees h wang g yu   
the stacking-fault energy of graphite c baker yt chou a kelly phil . mag  
motivated skepticism : use of differential decision criteria for preferred and nonpreferred ph ditto df lopez journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
partial order reductions preserving simulations w penczek submitted for publication 1999.0 
the information center : fast relief from programming backlog t dotson computerworld  
print issn : 0004-0894 online issn : 1475-4762 frequency : quarterly current volume : 36 isi journal b home j home lof journals em alerts s index   
prevention versus treatment for malaria in pregnant women p garner am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
signed-digit number representations for fast parallel arithmetic âº ire trans a avizienis electronic computers  
a conic programming approach to generalized tchebyche inequalities '' l zuluaga jf pena submitted for publication 2003.0 
f. kaashoek h. balakrishnan . chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service for internet i stoica r morris d karger proceedings of acm sigcomm 2001  
the r * - tree : an efficientandrobustaccess methodforpoints andrectangles n beckmann h kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
statistics in epidemiology : methods techniques and applications h sahai a khurshid  1996.0 
query processing using views for regular path queries with inverse d calvanese g de giacomo m lenzerini my vardi proc . of the 19th acm sigact sigmod sigart symp . on & hellip ; 2000.0 
inoue : â ?? implementation of relevance feedback for content-based music retrieval based on user z hoashi proceedings of acm-sigir  
challenges in the successful transfer of formal methods technology into industrial applications h saiedian mg hinchey information and software technology 1996.0 
computers and intractability . a guide to the theory of np-completeness . freeman mr garey ds johnson new york  
a demand driven computation strategy for lazy narrowing r loogen fl fraguas m rodrigues-artalejo lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
unbundling active functionality a koschel s gatziu g von bultzingsloewen h current trends in data management technology idea group & hellip ;  
e â ?? an imtlal report on the design of anel â ?? h hanson acm sigmod record sept  
formation of a ribonucleoprotein complex of mouse hepatitis virus involving heterogeneous nuclear x zhang hp li w xue mmc lai virology-new york - 1999.0 
the bank of greece model of the greek economy n garganas  1992.0 
interval hierarchies and their application to predicate files m edelberg acm tods  
roots of sin z = z ap hillman he salzer phil . mag  
sampling design and realization of paths of a generation . nb tuma m titma vb yakubovich  1996.0 
certifying ots software components j voas ieee computer  
tutorial database mining r agrawal proceedings of the thirteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1994.0 
the variable valve timing mechanism for the rover k16 engine part 2 : application to the engine and ph parker proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2000.0 
standards in social studies : curriculum concerns . lm handley s adler social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
robotised applications using solid state laser for the automotive industry m dorronsoro & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
enhanced-safety cascade subcritical reactor pn alekseev vv ignatâ ?? ev oe kolyaskinâ ? ¦ at .  
de frivillige organisasjoners framvekst og utvikling i norge j raaum i nou  
neutron-capture gamma-ray activation analysis . design of apparatus for trace analysis . sm lombard tl isenhour ph heintz gl woodruff  1968.0 
outsourcing proves itself a useful business tool-no fad . n margolis computerworld  
solving the transportation problem lr ford jr dr fulkerson management science 1956.0 
multiple mammalian proteasomal atpases but not proteasome itself are associated with tata-binding y makino t yoshida s yogosawa k tanaka m genes to cells 1999.0 
national evaluation of welfare-to-work strategies s freedman   
automatic text segmentation for extracting structured records vr borkar k deshmukh s sarawagi proc . acm sigmod international conf . on management of  
measurements of the low wavenumber wall pressure spectral density during transition on a flat plate cj gedney p leehey  1984.0 
overview of the teaching of evaluation across the disciplines bg davis new directions for program evaluation 1986.0 
dbenchâ ?? oltp : a dependability benchmark for oltp application environments m vieira h madeira technical report dei-006-2002 issn 0873-9293 departamento de  
a conceptual model for dynamic clustering in object databases q li jl smith   
a simulation study of the ospf-omp routing algorithm gm schneider t nemeth computer networks 2002.0 
tutorial : state of the art in workflow management system research and products c mohan 5th international conference on extending database & hellip ; 1996.0 
intravenous pyelography in penetrating trauma . e tang t berne journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
the r * tree : an efficient and robust index method for points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger acm sigmod conf . on the management of  
to err is human to forgive design a chapanis procs 25th annual conference of the american society of & hellip ;  
airport wlans lack safeguards b brewin d verton computerworld  
performance analysis of optical cdma with prime codes gc yang wc kwong  1995.0 
rate-constrained motion estimation b girod proc . spie 1994.0 
effects of withdrawal of a performance-contingent reward on supervisory influence and power cn greene pm podsakoff the academy of management journal 1981.0 
streaming raid : a disk storage for video and audio files f tobagi j pang r baird m gang proc . of acm multimedia anaheim  
phylip : phylogenetic inference program version 3 j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
kaleidoscope data model for an english-like query language sk cha g wiederhold vldb 1991.0 
the design of optimal electric power demand management contracts mf ioglu  2000.0 
french government activity in the conservation of data and electronic documents s novaretti proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
predictive software metrics based on a formal specification wb samson dg nevill pi dugard information and software technology 1987.0 
fuzzy logic guidance and obstacle avoidance algorithms for autonomous vehicle control jw baxter jr bumby procs . of the int . workshop on intell . autonomous  
c harles e. youman . role-based access control models rs sandhu ej coyne hl feinstein ieee computer  
hilbertâ ?? s programme and the search for automatic proof procedures g kreisel symposium on automatic demonstration lecture notes in & hellip ;  
j. widom change detection in hierarchically structured information s chawathe a rajaraman h garcia-molina proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
azathioprine for maintaining remission of crohn 's disease dc pearson gr may g fick lr sutherland cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
incoherent optical correlators ma monahan k bromley rp bocker ieee proceedings 1977.0 
synchronizing oscillators in mesh-connected networks ga pratt j nguyen preparation . mit laboratory for computer  
virtual black holes at linear colliders y uehara   
comã 3/4 verstehen d platt  1999.0 
cautious controller tuning rr bitmead bdo anderson m gevers lc kammer submitted for publication  
wireless sensor networks : architectures and protocols . 2003 eh callaway   
foundations of synergetics : distributed active systems as mikhailov  1990.0 
multicast support in mobile commerce applications u varshney   
determining appropriate stiffness levels for spudcan foundations using jack-up case records mj cassidy gt houlsby m hoyle m marcom proc . 21st int . conf . on offshore mechanics and arctic & hellip ; 2002.0 
racer system description v haarslev r moller lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
a primer in petri net design w reisig  1992.0 
the influence of bolaamphiphilic steroid dimer on the formation and structure of bilayer lipid s kalinowski z lotowski jw morzycki cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
overview of plasma aerodynamic research at kju/apl dm van wie kr la-mattes lr giossman dd gauthier proceedings of the 2â ?? d workshop on the applications of & hellip ;  
backward { forward stochastic differential equations and stochastic games s hamadene   
1.3 / r3 pd wp final results with the demonstration system  
m. f. and luckman aj 1999 using sar interferometric phase coherence to detect urban change w grey proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the remote  
fat and protein utilization during migratory flight l jenni s jenni-eiermann proc . int . ornithol . congr  
exceptions to the rule : the implementation of 24-month time-limit extensions in w-2 s gooden fc doolittle   
extended abstract h mannila kjdi raiha proceedings of the very large databases conference vldb & hellip ;  
electrical stimulation for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis l pelland l brosseau l casimiro v robinson p cochrane database syst rev  
â ?? tore supra : the real time plasma controlâ ?? d moulen b couturier l ducobu d elbeze b proc . 28th symposium on fusion technology marseilles & hellip ;  
the role of noncredit courses in serving nontraditional learners j milam new directions for higher education 2005.0 
appeared inâ ?? the outer edges of dwarf irregular galaxiesâ ?? m pohlen rj dettmar j beckman m balcells lowell workshop on-line proceedings eds . d. hunter & s. & hellip ;  
talk presented at the quantum electronics and laser science conference ( qels ) baltimore c salomon md  
the role of attitudes in memory-based decision making dm sanbonmatsu rh fazio journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
an annotated bibliography of interactive program steering w gu j vetter k schwan acm sigplan notices 1994.0 
resumption algorithms wj labio jl wiener h garcia-molina v gorelik technical report stanford university 1998 . available at http : /  
x 25 based process - process communication f hertweck e raubold fh vogt computer networks  
vc tâ ?? a formal language for the specification of diagrammatic modelling techniques ja serrano r welland   
generalizing by removing detail k kahn communications-acm 2000.0 
technological transfer and adaptation by multinationals ' and foreign joint venture 's operations in rv sannassee r pearce   
a survey of indexing techniques for moving object trajectories oi abdul-matin on waterloo   
fast parallel similarity search in multimedia databases s berchtold sigmod conference 1997.0 
teaching to promote intellectual and personal maturity : incorporating students ' worldviews and mbb magoldaâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
the potential impact of the reperfusion injury on acute and chronic rejection events following organ w land transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
a path optimization signalling protocol for inter-switch handoff in wireless atm networks wsv wong vcm leung computer networks 1999.0 
bisecting k-means and pddp : a comparative analysis sm savaresi dl boley  2000.0 
mos-controlled thyristor turns off 1 mw in 2 mu s. f goodenough electronic design 1988.0 
smartbo g elger b furugren an ict and computer-based demonstration home for the & hellip ;  
doppler broadening and magnetic field effects on the balmer lines emitted at the edge of a tokamak jd hey m korten yt lie a posphieszczyk d contributions to plasma physics  
line defects along the axis of rotationally inhomogeneous media . hok kirchner phil . mag. 1987.0 
the htk book for htk 3.1 s young g evermann gm kershaw j odell d  2001.0 
sifting out erroneous observations in coadsâ ?? the trimming problem k wolter   
conceptual competition eth world : virtual and physical presence p carrard m engeli  2001.0 
japanese american internment : a historical narrative . sm pickering lb walker social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
performance evaluation of prioritized scheduling with buffer management for differentiated services ae kamal hs hassanein computer networks 2004.0 
ship collision damage m lutzen & hellip ; . 8 thinternational marine design conference . athens greece  
a comparison of model building techniques to develop predictive equations for software metrics ar gray sg macdonell information and software technology  
using a template for a summarizing assessment of the teachers academy for mathematics and science b brett new directions for program evaluation 1996.0 
dynamic algorithm for linear quadratic gaussian predictive control aw ordys me hangstrup mj grimble applied mathematics and computer science 2000.0 
automatic verification of database transaction safety t sheard d stemple acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
manual removal of placenta at caesarean section c wilkinson mw enkin cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
incremental computation and maintenance of temporal aggregates y jun   
image computing for visual information systems ik sethi   
tests for conjunctions kj worsley submitted for publication  
design and user testing of a multi-paradigm query interface to an object-oriented database dk doan nw paton a kilgour sigmod record 1995.0 
the varicella-zoster virus immediate-early 62 promoter contains a negative regulatory element that h moriuchi m moriuchi ji cohen virology-new york - 1995.0 
double gloving to reduce surgical cross infection j tanner h parkinson cochrane database syst review 2002.0 
an information theoretic approach for shared bottleneck inference based on end-to-end measurements . d katabi i bazzi x yang  1999.0 
andv . cheh . 2000 a zambrowski & hellip ; of the home health prospective payment  
dw coehran and fm shell e wenkert js bindra cj chang dw cochran fm acc . chem . res  
steinber = ger it ( 1970 ) e alexander zh kalman s mardix it stein-berger phil . mag  
beneficial reuse of foundry sand in controlled low strength materials ( clsm ) j spoerl t green final report demonstration  
harrison jp 1965 d greig phil . mag  
internet congestion control for future high bandwidth-delay product environments m hardley d katabi c rohr proceedings of acm  
cod-liver oil platelet fatty acids and bleeding time . ta sanders dj naismith ap haines m vickers lancet i 1980.0 
splitstream : high-bandwidth content distribution in cooperative environments m castro p druschel am kermarrec a nandi a lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
tcl/tk 1994 workshop g lester proceedings of a workshop held june 23-25 1994 new orleans & hellip ; 1994.0 
evaluation of various algorithms and display concepts for weather forecasting i adrianto tm smith ka scharfenberg t trafalis   
programming with microsoft visual c++ . net g shepherd dj kruglinski microsoft  
a case study of river falls high school students enrolled in spanish iii and iv r white   
analytic traffic models of cdma cellular networks d everitt proc . int . teletraffic  
a virtual memory mapped network interface for shrimp multiprocessor m blumrich k li r alpert c dubniki e felten j proc . 21st int . symp . on computer architecture  
issues in implementing a randomized experiment in a field setting ja devine jd wright lm joyner new directions for program evaluation  
a theory of global concurrency control in multidatabase systems a zhang ak elmagarmid the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
concurrent manipulation of binary search trees ht kung pl lehman acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
an object oriented design data manager for vlsi cad a singhal rm arlein cy lo sigmod record 1993.0 
stochastic models estimation and control vol . 1 ps maybeck   
moral identity and the expanding circle of moral regard toward out-groups a reed kf aquino journal of personality and social psychology 2003.0 
unintended effects in using learning technologies a herrmann r fox a boyd new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
observer design for distributed-parameter dissipative bilinear systems h bounit h hammouri applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
industrial applications of asf + sdf m van den brand a van deursen p klint s lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
facilitating treatment in patients with stroke or chest pain through a dedicated ed chest pain / l bazarnick p napolitano j capodanno d graf journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
sources of survey error : implications for evaluation studies mt braverman new directions for program evaluation  
undulating filaments in nitella endoplasm and motive force generation ns allen see ref  
full text indexing based on lexical relations an application : software libraries ys maarek fz smadja acm sigir forum 1989.0 
greece 's balkan entanglement t veremes  1995.0 
internet access traffic sharing in a multi-operator environment m naldi computer networks 2002.0 
mutation testing - its origin and evolution mr woodward information and software technology 1993.0 
protected fishes of the united states and canada . american fisheries society bethesda je johnson md  
continuation of hermitian positive definite functions and related questions mg krein h langer unpublished  
a national health service ? the restructuring of health care in britain since 1979 a cochrane political geography 1998.0 
el hagen & j. rosenfeld m saunders p vogel acc . chem . res  
a detailed study of burning fuel droplets ha dwyer br sanders proc . 21st syrup . ( int . ) on combustion . the combustion  
spatial hash-joins acm sigmod intl ml lo cv ravishankar conference on management of data  
mesoscale alpine program : science plan p bougeault p binder j kuettner eth zurich switzerland  
improved landscape metrics for environmental monitoring and assessment rc frohn phd university of california santa barbara ( ucsb )  
procedural context and culture : variation in the antecedents of procedural justice judgments ea lind tr tyler yj huo journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
consumer behaviour jf engel rd blackwell pw miniard new york  
rudimentary determinants of attitudes . ii : arm flexion and extension have differential effects on jt cacioppo jr priester gg berntson journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
early decrease of skin blood flow in response to locally applied pressure in diabetic subjects b fromy p abraham c bouvet b bouhanick p diabetes-new york - 2002.0 
growth rates and genetic parameters of loblolly pine in southern brazil gr hodge d chaves am moreira proceedings of the 25 thbiennial southern forest tree & hellip ;  
tablet pc quick reference jv west  2002.0 
operator scheduling in a data stream manager u centintemel zs ra d carney c mitch proc of the 28th international conference on vldb  
providing views and closure for the object data management group object model m roantree information and software technology 1999.0 
uml gains ground : what are people using the unified modeling language for ? how much of the language d melewski application development trends 1998.0 
novel cell lines display properties of nociceptive sensory neurons jn wood sj bevan pr coote pm dunn a harmar p proceedings : biological sciences 1990.0 
trajectories of sinking particles in the sargasso sea : modeling of statistical funnels above deep - da siegel wg deuser deep-sea research i 1997.0 
1 2005 transpro sold g & o manufacturing to modine for $ 17 million in cash e march   
demonstration of the cinema system k rothermel i barth g dermler w fiederer t proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
an architecture for wide-area multicast routing c lui l wei s deering d farinacci v jacobson proceedings of acm sigcomm  
combining exploration and contol in reinforcement learning : the convergence of sarsa ml littman unpublished manuscript . available through url http://www . cs & hellip ; 1996.0 
scientific journals : extinction or explosion ? r ramakrishnan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
the naxi and the nationalities question cf mckhann see harrell  
transformation methods for nonpianar process simulation k wimmer i bauer s halamna g hobler s proceedings sisdep . ( zurich switzerland )  
kristina s. johnson pofsap by  2000.0 
the welfare state : an approach based on historical sociology a afouxenidis sociology in greece today papazisis athens  
the007 benchmark m carey d dewitt j naughton 1993 acm sigmod international conference on management of  
analysis of retrieval performance for records and objects using optical disk technology s christodoulakis acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
the relationship between personality anger expression and perceived family control among cj coles af greene ho braithwaite adolescence-san diego - 2002.0 
parallel and distributed database systems a procedures   
the case for safe ram g copeland t keller r krishnamurthy m smith vldb 1989.0 
compare asic capacities with gate array benchmarks b osann a el gamal electronic design  
glonass/gps time transfer and the problem of the determination of receiver delays g de jong w lewandowski proc . 29th ptti  
parallel multisource view maintenance x zhang l ding ea rundensteiner the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
tourism and climate change k smith geography 1986.0 
exploring complex policy questions using the policy delphiâ ?? a multi-round interactive survey applied geography 1995  1995.0 
do firms use dividends to signal large future cash flow increases ? y brook wt charlton rj hendershott financial management 1998.0 
performance of b-tree concurrency algorithms v srinivasan mj carey sigmod conference  
structured systems analysis and design method ( ssadm ) . cm ashworth information and software technology 1988.0 
the history of fortran j backus history of programming languages  
the r ã ? - tree : a dynamic index for multidimensional objects t sellis n roussopoulos c faloutsos proceedings of 13th international confernece on  
learning conjuctive concepts in structural domains d haussler proceedings of 1987 aaai conference seattle washington & hellip ;  
conceptual framework and architecture for service mediating workflow management j hu p grefen information and software technology 2003.0 
an active functionality service for e-business applications m cilia ap buchmann sigmod record 2002.0 
putting things together coherently : logic and justice er house new directions for program evaluation 1995.0 
optimising query evaluation with quotient databases . advances in databases and information systems s link tt jm 7th east european conference adbis  
shelter in greece ob doumanis p oliver architecture in greece press athens  
rhythmic robot control using oscillators in â ?? irosâ ?? 98â ?? mm williamson  1998.0 
building hierarchical classifiers using class proximity k wang s zhou sc liew vldb 1999.0 
a survey-based study of venture capital governance in mainland china z wei j yanfu c yaogang international conference on management of innovation and & hellip ;  
seeing is almost believing b machrone pc  
cards . '' a goodenough serfp line electronic design  
the windows way to web services microsoft 's web services approach may be the easiest but at what t yager microsoft . net  
simulation fidelity metrics for virtual environments based on memory semantics . technical sketch k mania a chalmers t troscianko r hawkes proc . of acm siggraph 2001  
application of remote sensing data for distributed hydrological model parameterisation of large j helmschrot   
strategic choices in is infrastructure : corporate standards versus `` best of breed '' systems r dewan a seidmann s sundaresan   
higher-order magneto-electric effects e ascher phil . mag  
origins of the apt language for automatically programmed tools dt ross history of programming languages 1978.0 
a calculation of defect gibbs energies for silver chloride and silver bromide . cr catlow phil . mag. 1987.0 
drug storage temperatures in rescue vehicles wc dubois journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
the bucky object-relational benchmark dj dewitt m carey j naughton m asgarian j  1997.0 
a simulation study of load balancing algorithms in cellular packet networks i tinnirello g bianchi   
topaz : a cost-based rule-driven multi-phase parallelizer c nippl b mitschang  1998.0 
refactoring uml models g sunye d pollet y le traon jm jezequel lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
camus and hemingway r lehan wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1960.0 
the formula value problem is in alogtime sr buss proc . 19th acm stoc  
the slow evolution of electronic publishing am odlyzko   
the efficiency of gloss for the text database discovery problem l gravano h garcia-molina a tomasic  1993.0 
consumption of a functional oil composed of medium chain triacylglycerols phytosterols and n-3 c bourque mp st-onge aa papamandjaris js cohn submitted for publication  
human-mouse differences in the expression patterns of disease genes and developmental control genes f fougerousse p bullen m herasse s lindsay i submitted for  
exploratory and multivariate data analysis m jambu  1991.0 
high-performance generalized search trees m kornacker vldb sept  
modelling and querying video data r hjelsvold r midtstraum vldb 1994.0 
a profile of regionally accredited for-profit institutions of higher education k kinser new directions for higher education 2005.0 
optimale regelung fur systeme mit variabler struktur am schmid phd thesis eidgenossischen technischen hochschule zurich  
evolving systems beyond 3gâ ?? the ist brain and mind projects d wisely e mitjana bt technology journal 2003.0 
quantum walks on the hypercube c moore a russell lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
datapath and compiler integration of coarse-grain reconfigurable xpp-arrays into pipelined risc j becker a thomas m scheer proceedings of ifip international conference on very large & hellip ;  
radiation conditions for elastic waves s krenk ph kirkegaard technical university of denmark  
security survey b sullivan computerworld  
contemporary trends in social studies . rj cardis cf risinger social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
cultural and linguistic diversity resource guide for speech-language pathologists b goldstein san diego singular  
object lifecycles : modeling the world in states m stephen s sally   
the evolution of income poverty in the netherlands . results from the dutch socio-economic panel hj dirven j berghman unpublished manuscript  
critical stability constants vol . 1 ae martell rm smith plenum new york  
developing independence in a life transition : investing the self in the concerns of the day s zirkel journal of personality and social psychology  
anatomy of a modular multiple query optimizer s chakravarthy a rosenthal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
another approach to polychotomous classiã ¿ cation jh friedman technical report department of statistics stanford university  
evidence for specific phases in the development of human neuromelanin : implications for dopamine h federow gm halliday c richertâ ? ¦  2004.0 
woes of the wireless recruiter j dash computerworld  
retrieval using ordered lists in inverted and multilist files jw welch jw graham proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1976.0 
â ?? the computer revolutionâ ?? â ?? computer scienceâ ?? and â ?? software engineeringâ ?? have n't a kay proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
a software evaluation framework g boloix np robillard ieee computer  
texture classification based on cooccurence of gray level run length matrices f albregtsen b nielsen & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems  
faloutsos . c. ( 1997 ) . efficiently supporting ad hoc queries in large datasets of time sequences f korn h jagadish proceedings  
a whole blood fk 506 assay for the imx analyzer fc grenier j luczkiw m bergmann s lunetta m transplant proc 1991.0 
universality of serial histograms ye ioannidis vldb 1993.0 
formation ã ... xml mj young j guã © rin  2000.0 
vertical partitioning algorithms for database design s navathe s ceri g wiederhold j dou acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 
debugging humanity r gerr pc magazine  
1995 wharton survey of derivatives usage by us non-financial firms gm bodnar rs hayt rc marston   
print jo ` rourke new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
a retrospective on database application development frameworks la rowe sigmod record 1992.0 
mining multi-dimensional association rules using data cubes j han m kamber j chiang   
particle size measurement and assessment of agglomeration of nanosized particles and their influence p bowen proceedings-processing of electroceramics eds . m. kosec d. & hellip ;  
lectures in lost mathematica b griinbaum gc shephard mimeographed notes univ. of washington seattle  
architecture and implementation of the darmstadt database kernel system . acm-sigmod hb paulâ ? ¦ proc . int . conf . on management of data san francisco  
microsoft data mining : integrated business intelligence for e-commerce and knowledge management b de ville  2001.0 
particle flux across the mid-european continental margin an antia b von bodungen r peinert deep-sea research i 1999.0 
multimodal analysis of recorded video for e-learning t martin a boucher jm ogier proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
design and modeling policies for two server fork/join queueing systems s chen d towsley coins technical report 91-93 univ. of massachusetts  
semantic b2b integration c bussler   
supplemental health insurance r garratt jm marshall   
better stories and better constructs : the case for rigor and comparative logic km eisenhardt the academy of management review 1991.0 
interventions for treating trichomoniasis in women f forna am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
virtual conferencing an mortlock d machin s mcconnell p sheppard bt technology journal 1997.0 
the garlie project mt rothâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm sigmod conference  
enabling component model java other internet technologies raise the stakes in the effort to smooth p fischer application development trends 2000.0 
professional development of administrators . jd millett new directions for higher education 1978.0 
constraint-based rule mining in large dense databases rj bayardo r agrawal d gunopulos data mining and knowledge discovery 2000.0 
automatic hypertext linking j allan proc . acm hypertextâ ?? 96 conf  
deformable models d terzopoulos k fleischer the visual computer 1988.0 
analysis modeling and generation of self-similar vbr traffic mw garrett w willinger proceedings acm  
help ! my software maintenance is out of control rj glass computerworld  
power system information theory advances in power system control hb sun bm zhang l tangâ ? ¦ operation and management international conference ( apscom )  
evaluation of executive educational session for printcafe annual user conference tb quinn  2003.0 
1989 fast sparse matrix factorization on modern workstations ' e rothberg a gupta technical report stan-cs-89-1286 stanford university stanford  
dp maintenance : a costly complex job . t scannell computerworld. 1982.0 
sylvia ( 1881â ?? 1968 ) . the garden rowlandson house . etching and aquatint 1912 e gosse   
the surface impedance-a pertinent parameter to describe finite conductivity materials in numerical v gobin jp aparicio j grando jc alliot & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatibility zurich switzerland mar. & hellip ; 1991.0 
splendor and colour/by suzanne held and louis frederic si held bombay : india books  
presentation at educational computing conference h barrett san diego  
the role concept in database models c bachman m daya proc . 1977 vldb conference tokyo japan october  
planning the motions of an all-terrain vehicle by using both geometric and physical models in ieee m cherif c laugier c milesi-bellier b faverjon san-diego ( usa )  
statistical theory of signal detection pergamon press 1975 cw helstrom   
a system for sculpting 3-d data re parent acm siggraph computer graphics 1977.0 
superfluid interfaces in liquid he-3 : superconducting cosmic domain walls in the laboratory ( abstract mm salomaa oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
title : ra norris   
teaching about the former soviet union : activities and resources . g decoker social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
lattice reduction in cryptology : an update pq nguyen j stern lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
the spectral analysis of time series lh koopmans  1974.0 
teaching about native americans . k harvey social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
evaluating the central piers of the maracaibo bridge venezuela . a sarcos g hildrun struct . eng . int . ( iabse zurich switzerland ) international & hellip ;  
two new imaging techniques promise to improve ic defect identification c ajluni electronic design  
self-tuning histograms : building histograms without looking at data a aboulnaga s chaudhuri sigmod conference 1999.0 
metaquerier : querying structured web sources on-the-fly b he z zhang kcc chang proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
panel session : panel table of contents cs jensen & hellip ; of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
compiler-directed dynamic frequency and voltage scheduling ch hsu u kremer m hsiao lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
morphogenesis of b103 neuroblastoma and b103-4c its mutant derivative : modelling lesch-nyhan mhy ma nc stacey ja duley gp connolly cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
machine interpretation of facial expressions jf baldwin sj case t martin bt technology journal 1998.0 
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions y alon ar levy jo joann the proc . of the int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb ) & hellip ;  
the sr-tree : an index structure for high dimensional data n katayama s satoh acm sigmod conference  
mediators in the architecture of future information g wiederhold ieee computer  
zenith system for object management in distributed multimedia design environments . z kemp e oxborrow m davy p linington r thearle information and software  
introduction to bharata 's natya-sastra a rangacharya popular prakashan . bombay india  
study on molecular weight distribution of cellulose by using rheological methods g gu x hu h shao y shen fiber 2001.0 
compiler-guided register reliability improvement against soft errors j yan w zhang proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
query optimization in heterogeneous databases w du r krishnamurthy m shan proc . vldb conference vancouver  
dynamic multidimensional histograms s guha p indyk n koudas n thaper proc . acm sigmod  
creativity and adult education pj edelson new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
self-evaluation effects of interpersonal versus intergroup social comparison mb brewer jg weber journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
parameters used by the mgc to configure the event and found in the eventsdescriptor ed parameters see  
using directional antennas for medium access control in ad hoc networks rr choudhury x yang r ramanathan nh vaidya   
pacific telesis head turns over firm to hand-picked heir . cw ross san diego  
nist critically selected stability constants of metal complexes database nist standard reference ae martell rm smith rj motekaitis md  
g. rey foundations for a theory of contextors j coutaz proc cadui02 acm publ  
on the use of the cyclomatic number to measure program complexity jl elshoff m marcotty   
the two general activation systems of affect : structural findings evolutionary considerations and d watson d wiese j vaidya a tellegen journal of personality and social psychology  
a theoretical model of behavioural addictions : applied to offending rif brown addicted to crime  
laser processing and chemistry d bauerle d bauerle  2000.0 
k. nolan . 2002 . technical aspects of testing in brash ice at ohmsett i buist d dickins d devitis a guarino proceedings 25 tharctic and marine oilspill program  
reinhold . zâ ?? ypechecking is undecidable when â ?? type j 1s a type b mark technical report 458 mit laboratory for computer science  
portfolio analysis-managing software as an asset g verdugo & hellip ; of international conference software maintenance  
on the complexity of database queries ch papadimitriou m yannakakis   
function of a116v-mirp1 a missense mutation associated with acquired arrhythmia f sesti gw abbott j wei dm roden alj george  1999.0 
engineering distributed systems : simulation-based co-design hs sarjoughian d hild bp zeigler ieee computer  
algorithms for clustering data ak jain rc dubes  1988.0 
developing metadata-intensive appliacitons with rondo e rahm pa bernstein vldb journal  
final summary report g wright west coast demonstration project . april  
supporting telecom business processes by means of workflow management and federated databases w nijenhuis w jonker p grefen   
data modelers bpm gradually unite l gates application development trends 2003.0 
approximation algorithms for minimum cost embeddings of graphs in the plane hmd hansen  1989.0 
student-faculty collaborations undergraduate research and collaboration as an administrative model rl dotterer new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
anti-epileptic drugs for preventing seizures following acute traumatic brain injury g schierhout i roberts cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the search for a model of healthcare-an analysis of the history and prospects as seen in the uk b cohen b molteno conf . procs . of the  
siltation of australian reservoirs : some observations and dam safety implications . h chanson dp james   
database research at the university of oklahoma l brown r dirckze s guinepain c sanchez b acm sigmod record 1999.0 
5th european vlbi network symposium je conway rt schilizzi isbn  
lambda-db : an odmg-based object-oriented dbms l fegaras c srinivasan a rajendran d maier   
language specification rt snodgrass the tsql2 temporal query  
xml schema dc fallsideâ ? ¦   
energy-efficient caching strategies in ad hoc wireless networks p nuggehalli v srinivasan cf chiasserini proceedings of acm mobihoc 2003.0 
requirements of i/o systems for parallel machines : an application-driven study university of m uysal a acharya j saltz md  
vibration as a factor giving rise to cracking of cold collectors pgv-1000 vg verezemskii at .  
japanese firms ' investment strategies in emerging economies a delios wj henisz   
fuzzy smoothing of hmm parameters in speech recognition m koo ck un electronic letters 1990.0 
grins : a graphical interface for creating and playing smil documents dca bulterman l hardman j jansen ks mullender www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
using sets of feature vectors for similarity search on voxelized cad objects hp kriegel s brecheisen m pfeifle m schubert sigmod conference 2003.0 
temporal databases status and research directories r snodgrass sigmod record  
university buildings and energy-problems and perspectives e trianti s stournas c younis p schoinas technical chamber of greece conf . proceedings athens & hellip ;  
attribution of responsibility and valence of success and failure in relation to initial confidence nt feather journal of personality and social psychology 1969.0 
human ubiquitin-protein ligase nedd4 : expression subcellular localization and selective interaction t anan y nagata h koga y honda n yabuki c genes to cells 1998.0 
learning with the set covering machine m marchand j shawe-taylor   
larval fish from the pelagial region of two wisconsin lakes dj faber  1963.0 
gigascope : a stream database for network applications cd cranor t johnson v shkapenyuk sigmod conference 2003.0 
direct and intuitive input device for 3-d shape deformation t murakami n nakajima   
aries/kvl : a key-value locking method for concurrency control of multiaction transactions on b-tree c mohan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
dual/primal mesh optimization for polygonized implicit surfaces y ohtake ag belyaev proceedings seventh acm symposium on solid modeling and & hellip ; 2002.0 
the theory of quantum fluids d pines p nozieres vol . i ( addison-wesley )  
piranha : a hunter of crashed corba objects s maffeis ieee computer  
inverse problems in quantum scattering theory k chadan pc sabatier  1977.0 
a persistent rescheduled-page cache for low-overhead object code compatibility t conte s sathaye s banerjia proc . of the 29th symposium on microarchitecture  
catalytic asymmetric synthesis t katsuki ojima i  
an improved correlation for predicting two-phase flow boiling heat transfer coefficient in sg kandlikar 21 stnational heat transfer conference seattle washington & hellip ;  
denial-of-service resilience in peer-to-peer file sharing systems d dumitriu e knightly a kuzmanovic i stoica w   
name-tracing using the icl content addressable filestore ag ward vldb 1984.0 
the spiral antenna bh burdine  1955.0 
proceedings of the 5th international iupac symposium on mycotoxins and phycotoxins cw thorp gm ware ae pohland technical university vienna  
parallel mining algorithms for generalized association rules with classification t shintani m kitsuregawa proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
towards a unified theory of concurrency control and recovery hj schek g weikum h ye   
stopped random walks : limit theorems and applications a gut  1988.0 
temporal databases - status and research directions rt snodgrass sigmod record 1990.0 
a business application of data translation ew winters af dickey sigmod conference  
polarization diversity in radars d giuli ieee proceedings 1986.0 
models of attention in computing and communication : from principles to applications e horvitz c kadie t paek d hovel communications-acm 2003.0 
large data sets and confusing scenes in 3-d surface matching and recognition o carmichael d huber m hebert 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ; 1999.0 
fast subsequence matchingin time-seriesdatabases c faloutsos m ranganathan y manolopoulos proc . acm sigmod  
run-time management of data intensive web sites d florescu a levy d suciu k yagoub webdb ( informal proceedings ) 1999.0 
tungsten refractory metal-1994 mc hogwood r bentley proc . int . conf 1995.0 
compressing sql workloads s chaudhuri ak gupta vr narasayya   
querying the uncertain position of moving objects ap sistla o wolfson s chamberlain s dao lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
role of non-stachastic-based metrics in quantification of software reliability e petrova a veevers information and software technology 1990.0 
a fluid-based model of time-limited tcp flows m barbera a lombardo g schembra computer networks 2004.0 
an early look at xquery a eisenberg j melton sigmod record 2002.0 
performance evaluation and monitoring h lucas jr acm computing surveys ( csur ) 1971.0 
business process management : models techniques and empirical studies wmp van der aalst j desel a oberweis lecture notes in computer science 1806.0 
xml-based information mediation for digital libraries ck baru v chu a gupta b ludaescher r marciano   
cooperative learning : making '' groupwork '' work ka smith new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
an object-oriented system for engineering applications a kemper pc lockemann m wallrath proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
m. and kandil leo-db2 's learning optimizer m stillger gm lohman v markl proc of 27th vldb  
how concept becomes reality . vol . 36 . ii j stinson r adsit f gordaninejad  1991.0 
dynamic metrics for java b dufour k driesen l hendren c verbrugge   
specification of chinese text segmentation and pos tagging y shiwen   
building models through formal specification g renker h ahriz lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
mt zsu . issues in data stream management l golab sigmod rec  
years of naerm : hallmark of tradition and excellence rb radhakrisha proceedings of the 25 thannual national agricultural & hellip ;  
discrete reflection groups in lobachevsky spaces eb vinberg proc . int . congr . math. warszawa  
services for reducing duration of hospital care for acute stroke patients esd trialists cochrane database syst rev 2005.0 
the aqua approximate query answering system sa cr941 pb gibbons v poosaia s ramaswamy proc . acm sigmod lnrernational co @ on management of data & hellip ;  
optimizing existential datalog queries r ramakrishnan proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1988.0 
pharmacological interventions for non-ulcer dyspepsia p moayyedi s soo j deeks b delaney m innes d cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
long-term results of epikeratoplasty for keratoconus sg waller rf steinert md wagoner cornea-new york - 1995.0 
response of a stream channel to an increase in sediment load : unpublished ms thesis ma madej university of washington seattle washington  
finding maximal quasiperiodities in strings gs brodal cns pedersen   
giransi kai koinonia : praktika panelliniou synedriou k rigas v kotzamanis l maratou-alipranti a ekke athens  
the task and ego orientation in sport questionnaire : psychometric properties jl duda jg nicholls unpublished manuscript  
et tu xml ? the downfall of the relational empire ( abstract ) p wadler proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
empirical models for indoor propagation in ctu prague buildings p pechac m klepal radioengineering-prague - 2000.0 
evaluation of an alternating-prf method for extending the range of unambiguous doppler velocity t dazhang sg geotis re passarelli conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
adaptive neural network classifier with multifloat input coding em kussul tn baidyk vv lukovich da rachkovskij proceedings of neuronimes &#39; 93 nimes france oct. 25-29 & hellip ;  
creating generative models from range images r ramamoorthi j arvo   
incremental evaluation of schema-directed xml publishing p bohannon b choi w fan & hellip ; of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
goâ `` sele u. and mughrabi h. 1981 u essmann phil .  
keo-ladeo national park ecology study summary report 1980-1985 s ah vs vijayan bombay natural history society report bom-bay india  
the 1992 farrington lecture : drumlin bedforms and related ice-marginal depositional systems in am mccabe irish geography  
surgical sealant for preventing air leaks after pulmonary resections in patients with lung cancer r rami m mateu cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
p3p and the privacy legislation in germany : can p3p help to protect privacy worldwide r grimm a rossnagel   
distributed processing of data dynamics c rolland c richard acm sigmod record 1982.0 
voice over ip is hereâ ?? internet trends h this pc magazine online january  
a primer on acupuncture v cadwell journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
evaluation of the new emit enzyme immunoassay for the determination of whole-blood tacrolimus cj hesse cc baan ah balk hj metselaar w weimar transplant proc 2002.0 
r impagliazzo using the groebner basis algorithm to ndproofs of unsatisability in proceedings of the m clegg j edmonds transversal calculus . in proc . of the 29th stoc  
a knowledge acquisition tool for intelligent computer tutors t murray bp woolf acm sigart bulletin 1991.0 
multicasting a changing repository ( extended version ) w lam h garcia-molina technical report stanford university 2002 . available at http : /  
dynamic itemset counting and implication rules for retail data s brin r motwani jd ullmanâ ? ¦ proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . on management of  
â ?? â ?? i ask that it be included in the official printed record toh children   
turkey and the republics of central asia : emerging relations and dilemmas sam pasha international studies-bombay then new delhi - 1997.0 
modula-3 language definition l cardelli j donahue l glassman m jordan b acm sigplan notices 1992.0 
two-loop self-tuning cascade control pj gawthrop   
dynamical sliding mode control approach for vertical flight regulation in helicopters h sira-ramirez m zribi s ahmad   
implementation of two semantic query optimization techniques in db2 universal databaseâ '' atkinson q cheng j gryz f koo tyc leung l liu x qian international conference on very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 99  
towards e ective and e cient free space management ml mcauliffe mj carey mh solomon proc . of the acm sigmod seiten  
state of art in cable screening measurements ep fowler lk halme proc . int . symp . electromagnetic  
efficiently updating materialized views ja blakeley pa larson fw tompa   
calculation of energy of low-angle grain boundaries . ac shi c rottman y he phil . mag. 1987.0 
de paramilitares y otras hierbas e pizarro unpublished manuscript  
wish you were here : picture postcard explorations in children 's books ld labbo sl field social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
querying websites using compact skeletons a rajaraman jd ullman   
c lustering d atabase o bjects for s emantic i ntegration of h eterogeneous d atabases h zhao s ram   
design of distributd real-time systems p verãssimo h kopetz acm press frontier series 1993.0 
harvard preprint hutp-9o / a075.-9 . ka olive dn schramm g. steigman a. ndtp \ \ va. lker s glashow phys . lett .  
evaluation of tone mapping operators using a high dynamic range display p ledda a chalmers t troscianko h seetzen s proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
differential thermoregulation of two highly homologous cold-shock genes cspa and cspb of jp etchegaray pg jones m inouye genes to cells 1996.0 
sql and management of external data . also iso/iec 9075-9-2000 j meltonâ ? ¦ information technologyâ ?? database  
complexity of probabilistic reasoning in ( directedpath ) singly connected ( not polytree ! ) bayes se shimony c domshlak submitted for publication  
the type concept in office document retrieval f barbic f rabitti vldb  
model based halftoning using direct binary search m analoui jp allebach proc . spie 1992.0 
research issues in databases for active rapidly changing data systems arcs a datta acm sigmod record  
the evolutionary model of design in approaches to computer aided architectural composition jh frazer jm frazer technical university of bialystok  
dbrs : a density-based spatial clustering method with random sampling x wang hj hamilton lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
a multimodal framework for music inputs ( poster session ) g haus e pollastri proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
shrinking of the arctic cover over the last decades om johannessen e shalina s kuzmina mw miles a proc . int . radiation symp  
beyond bits : the future of quantum processing r steane ieee computer  
experiences in the design of the well a group communication device for teleconviviality n roussel   
developing a statewide faculty learning community program s hansen a kalish we hall cm gynn ml holly d new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
torts and tales . teaching about personal injury law in the primary grades . mm peters ec bjorklun social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
making object-oriented schemas more expressive in ã cents â ? ¬ proc . of the 13th acm sigact sigmod sigart d calvanese m lenzerini  1994.0 
case fights to beat â ?? all talk no actionâ ?? image . n margolis computerworld  
the scaling hypothesis : simplifying the prediction of network performance using scaled-down k psounis r pan b prabhakar d wischik   
toward autonomic computing with db2 universal database d zilio ibm canada sigmod record 2002.0 
support seeking and support giving within couples in an anxiety-provoking situation : the role of ja simpson ws rholes js nelligan journal of personality and social psychology  
from deregulation to co-regulation . neo-corporatism and its contribution to a theory of coordinated h jã ¸ rgensen unpublished manuscript  
multi-resolution brain model in multimedia environment j pan lk fock wl nowinski de dow h huan teh proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
in dd williams ys lincoln eg guba & hellip ; evaluation : new directions for program evaluation  
classification of 2 and 3 dimensional mds codes for 4â ? $ qâ ? $ 32 g keri   
horward . a complete axiomatization for functional and multivalued dependencies in database relations c beeri r fagin h john proceedings of the 1977 acm sigmod international conference  
novel in vitro assay for the detection of pharmacologic inducers of fetal hemoglobin e skarpidi g vassilopoulos q li g blood-new york - 2000.0 
gender perceptions of preservice early childhood mt hendricks  2000.0 
leaf blade stomatal densities of ten warm-season perennial grass and their evapotranspiration rate dm casnoff rl green jb beard proc . int . turfgrass res . conf  
begey 's manual of determinative bacteriology 8th edn . williams and wilkins : baltimore re buchanan ne gibbons md  
cb an douglas sj de couto hi lee and r. morris â ?? capacity of ad hoc wireless networks â ?? j li proceedings of acm mobicom  
an axiomatic model of dynamic schema evolution in object-base systems j randal m peters t ã?zsu acm transactions on database  
50 . prescribing recording and reporting photon beam therapy bethesda i report md  
power-supply rails plummet and proliferate f goodenough electronic  
automatic generation of help from interface design models r moriyon   
elementary theory of angular momentum me rose  1995.0 
emotion and the amygdala je ledoux see aggleton  
techniques for logic synthesis ar newton proceedings ofthe ifip international conference on very  
transport of bromide and chloride in a sandy and a loamy field soil m flury  1993.0 
atmospheric parameterization schemes in meteo-franceâ ?? s arpege nwp model jf geleyn e bazile p bougeault m dã © quã © v ecmwf seminar procs.â ?? parameterization of subgridscale & hellip ;  
dual career paths reduce turnover b cole-gomolski computerworld  
calibration of incident detection algorithms for operational use j arceneaux j smith a dunnett h payne & hellip ; foundation conference â ?? santa barbara california  
bit-interleaved coded modulation with iterative decoding using soft feedback x li ja ritcey electronic letters 1998.0 
faster is better : a business case for subsecond response time d smith computerworld  
on the number of solutions for p-laplacian bvp with odd superlinearity i addou   
tailoring the recommendation of tourist information to heterogeneous user groups l ardissono a goy g petrone m segnan p torasso lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
the collisions of particles with hydrogen nuclei j chadwick es bieler phil . mag  
an experimental comparison of national telephone and personal interview surveys . survey research rm groves unpublished manuscript  
a classification-based approach to case-based reasoning a napoli j lieber a simon   
visual metaphors for interacting with databases t catarci mf costabile m matera   
how to steer an embedded software project : tactics for selecting the software process model p kettunen m laanti information and software technology 2004.0 
analysiso fth e premature structural failures in static tested aircraft ls jablecki dissertation 1955 die eidgenossische technische hochschule  
finite element analysis of multimode cavities with coupled electrical and thermal fields dc dibben ac metaxas proc . 29th impi microwave power  
wavelength dependent reflection functions js gondek gw meyer jg newman computer graphics proc . of acm siggraph  
structure orientation and conformational changes in transmembrane domains of multidrug c vigano l manciu jm ruysschaert acc . chem . res 2005.0 
algorithm for compression of stereo image pairs j jiang electronic  
milo t. a model for active object oriented databases c beeri proceedings of the 17th int . conference on vldb barcelona  
low-molecular-weight heparin in the emergency department treatment of venous thromboembolism gd innes ec dillon a holmes journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
observations of the decomposition of crystals of lead iodide in the electron microscope aj forty phil . mag  
schema evolution in database systems : an annotated bibliography jf roddick acm sigmod record 1992.0 
further investigations of reading techniques for object-oriented design inspection g sabaliauskaite f matsukawa s kusumoto k inoue information and software technology 2003.0 
kenneth eble on writing in college : ahead of his time . wj mccleary new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
the intentional programming overview c simonyi   
semantic feedback for interactive image retrieval c yang m dong f fotouhi proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
the calipso mission : aerosol and cloud observations from space d winker j pelon mp mccormick proc . 21st int . lidar radar conf  
efficient algorithms for selecting advanced reservations m bartlett am frisch y hamadi i miguel c   
high-power high-speed photodectors-design ly lin mc wu t itoh ta vang re muller dl analysis and experimental demonstration : ieee transactions & hellip ;  
the 3w model and algebra for unified data mining t johnson lvs lakshmanan rt ng vldb 2000.0 
the circular microstrip antenna element ag derneryd proc . int . conf . antennas propagation  
the new hope offer : participants in the new hope demonstration discuss work family and self - d benoit  1996.0 
temporal inegrity constraints in relational databases j chomicki   
in vivo replication of filamentous phage dna ds ray see dumas  
tourism and human rights t concern isbn  
a clustering algorithm for hierarchical structures m schkolnick acm trans . database syst 1977.0 
al. 1991 . efficient assembly of complex objects t keller proc . acm  
centralized versus decentralized coordination in the adult day health care evaluation study sc hedrick jh sullivan jl ehreth ml rothman rt new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
attributions and arousal as mediators of mitigationâ ?? s effect on retaliation jf kremer l stephens journal of personality and social psychology  
the mm/sub-mm foregrounds and future cmb space missions fr bouchet r gispert jl puget aip conference proceedings 1995.0 
data and systems administration dc dummer mw o'reilly acm sigmod record 1974.0 
performance of water users associations in the operation and maintenance of irrigation districts e palacios-veã ? lez international conference on irrigation management transfer  
highly stable amorphous silicon hydride from a helium plasma reaction r mills b dhandapani j he   
amylase and lipase in the emergency department evaluation of acute pancreatitis rj vissers rb abu-laban df mchugh journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
nearest neighbor query n roussopoulos s kelly f vincent proc . of acm sigmod conf  
repetition and ideology in the aeneid . d quint md  
incremental processing in japanese sentence processing : evidence from event-related brain potentials h oishi t sakamoto unpublished  
acquiring self-knowledge : the search for feedback that fits wb swann sj read journal of personality and social psychology  
dynamic reference sifting : a case study in the homepage domain j shakes m langheinrich o etzioni www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
tuberculous psoas abscess ra harrigan fh kauffman mb love journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
baring it all to software : the raw machine e waingold m taylor v sarkar w lee v lee j   
a user challenges value of subsecond response time lj kosmatka computerworld  
numerical calculations of wave propagation in tokamak plasmas ( abstract only ) s sipila s karttunen t pattikangas r salomaa oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
global electronic markets and global traditional markets j guo c sun electronic markets 2004.0 
it ( 1978 ) : â `` residential mobilityâ '' progressin human j short   
agreement morphology argument structure and syntax m kracht unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
running microsoft excel df cobb j mynhier  1991.0 
finding data in the neighborhood a eickler a kemper d kossmann proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
cases of coincidence of the best uniform polynomial and rational approximations aa pekarskii j. technical university at  
reflecting on the ethics and values of our practice ra smith new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
secure computation ( chapters 1-3 ) s micali p rogaway laboratory for computer science  
a generic framework for the deployment of structured databases on the world wide web s hadjiefthymiades d martakos www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
operations and queries in object-oriented databases supporting complex objects n bhalla s balasundaram information and software technology 1993.0 
studies of portland cement hydration by measurements of chemical shrinkage and a systematic m geiker technical university of  
rdb/vms support for multi-media databases ( foils only ) tk rengarajan proc acm sigmod conf san diego may  
curry : a truly functional logic language m hanus h kuchen   
the implementation of germ an entity-relationship data base management system rl benneworth cd bishop cjm turnbull wd holman vldb 1981.0 
'' bend sinister '' : nabokov 's political dream ll lee wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
faster checking of software specifications by eliminating isomorphs - group of 2 & raquo ; d jackson s jha ca damon proceedings of the 23rd acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ; 1996.0 
efficient materialization and use of views in data warehouses . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
narratives of the mission of george bogle to tibet and of the journey of thomas manning to lhasa 1 r markham clements   
can fuel cells commercialize in the 21st century j simonelli unpublished manuscript  
regulation of cytokines and acute phase proteins following tnf-alpha blockade in rheumatoid p charles mj elliott d davis a potter j kalden   
asian pacific americans in higher education : faculty and administrative representation and tenure dt nakanishi new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
network flow algorithms . computer science department av goldberg ã ? tardos re tarjan stanford university technical report stan-cs-89-1252  
pediatric death : managing the aftermath in the emergency department w ahrens r hart n maruyama journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
stack allocating objects in java b steengard d gay microsoft research technical report october  
dynamic choice and asset marketsacademic press s altug p labadie san diego  
'' students passionate about their learning '' : the end products of the profession . pg beidlerâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
random sampling techniques for space efficient online computation of order statistics of large gs manku s rajagopalan bg lindsay sigmod conference 1999.0 
on the semantics of `` now '' in databases j james clifford ce dyreson t isakowitz cs acm trans . database syst  
life-cycle of a dual object-oriented specification model for real-time systems ma bruno p nesi information & software technology 1999.0 
den haag september 1997 s uitgevers   
appraisals of emotion-eliciting events : testing a theory of discrete emotions ij roseman ms spindel pe jose journal of personality and social psychology  
avoiding paradoxes in multi-agent competitive routing e altman r el azouzi o pourtallier e altman r computer networks 2003.0 
embodiments for mixed presence groupware a tang c neustaedter  2005.0 
design of reversible logic circuits by means of control gates a de vos b desoete a adamski p pietrzak m lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
an update propagation method based on the tree of replicas in partially replicated databases km liewâ ? ¦   
turbo-charging vertical mining of large databases p shenoy jr haritsa s sudarshan g bhalotia m sigmod conference 2000.0 
the merge/purge problem for large databases ma hernndez sj stolfo proceedings of sigmod-95  
vectorized â ?? â ?? topoâ ?? â ?? program for the theoretical simulation of molecular shape f torrens e orti j sanchez-marin aip conference proceedings 1991.0 
the administrative skills program : what have we learned ? . jj speizer new directions for higher education 1983.0 
profitable predictability in the cross-section of stock returns jd hanna mj ready  2001.0 
stress levels jump ; it burnout feared t ouellette computerworld  
application of genetic algorithms to optimum offshore plant design pa joyce ta withers pj hickling proceedings of esrel  
indexing spatio-temporal archives m hadjieleftheriou g kollios vj tsotras d vldb journal 2005.0 
a forwarding concept for hiperlan/2 n esseling hs vandra b walke computer networks 2001.0 
efficient 3-d range searching in external memory j vitter   
a response to r. camps ' article â ?? domains relations and religious warsâ ?? cj date acm sigmod record 1996.0 
child laborers in children 's literature . middle level learning . ll lamme social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
fundamental consideration and current development in the production and use of petroleum oils la riehl proc . int . soc . citriculture  
ap 4 a and other dinucleoside polyphosphates ag mclennan  1992.0 
nonresponse in the survey of wisconsin works families . m krecker j ziliak w-2 child support demonstration evaluation : final report  
electronic profilingâ ?? critics fear systems may trample civil rights k nash computerworld  
serverâ ?? s advantage j clyman pc magazine  
thermophilic microorganisms and life at high temperatures td brock  1978.0 
managing multiple funding sources and writing grant documents . ew brewer new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
testing protocols modeled as fsms with timing parameters mu uyar ma fecko as sethi pd amer computer networks 1999.0 
collusion attack on a multi-key secure video proxy scheme y wu f bao proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
childhood submersion injuries dh beyda journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
concerning liquid metal embrittlement particularly of zinc monocrystals by mercury arc westwood mh kamdar phil . mag  
higher recursion theory ge sacks  1990.0 
thyrotoxic periodic paralysis and intravenous propranolol in the emergency setting rh birkhahn tj gaeta l melniker journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
work by secondary school students in scotland j mckechnie s stack s hobbs international journal of educational policy research and & hellip ;  
in search of the cuckoo 's nest . cs chi hm kluepfel proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ; 1991.0 
hormone replacement therapy decreases markers of cartilage and bone metabolism in rheumatoid h forsblad dâ ?? elia s christgau lã ? mattsson t   
multidisciplinary biopsychosocial rehabilitation for subacute low back pain among working age adults k karjalainen a malmivaara m van tulder r roine cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
experiments in store fi'agmentation b steensgaard technical report microsoft research 1995 . in  
tourism in france : recent trends in winter sports j tuppen geography  
logic programming with costs vw marek m truszczynski unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
double-cleavage production of the ctl epitope by proteasomes and pa28 : role of the flanking region n shimbara h nakajima n tanahashi k ogawa s genes to cells 1997.0 
dynamic load balancing for parallel association rule mining on heterogeneous pc cluster system m kitsuregawa t tamura proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;  
reconstruction of evolutionary trees from pairwise distributions on current species jt chang ja hartigan   
heat-release actuation for control of mixture-inhomogeneity-driven combustion instability jp hathout m fleifil am annaswamy af ghoniem proceedings-combustion institute 2000.0 
detection of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 ( hiv-1 ) antibody by western blotting and hiv-1 dna jb jackson js parsons ls nichols n knoble s   
temperature independent highly birefringent photonic crystal fibre a michie j canning k lyytikã $ inen m ã?slund j md 1983.0 
arthroscopic stabilization of the shoulder for acute primary dislocations using a transglenoid jm salmon sn bell arthroscopy-new york - 1998.0 
how a president distracted by scandal entered balkan war e sciolino e bronner   
how java programs interact with virtual machines at the microarchitectural level l eeckhout a georges k de bosschere   
the failings of distance learning m deakin computerworld  
univeratility of serial histograms y ioannidis proceedings of the 19th vldb conference  
one-dimensional modeling of a peltier element w seifert c strumpel   
evaluating future microprocessors : the simplescalar tool set d burger computer sciences technical report-university of wisconsin & hellip ; 1996.0 
staggered striping in multimedia information systems s ghandeharizadeh rmx ju   
on the power of magic c been   
blood flow in simple microchannels w chang d trebotich lp lee d liepmann see ref 2000.0 
policy-based model-driven engineering of pervasive services and the associated oss k yang s ou m azmoodeh n georgalas bt technology journal 2005.0 
enhanced artificial neural network model for chinese economic forecasting q wang x sun proceedings of the international conference on management & hellip ;  
improving query optimization for disjunctive datalog c cumbo w faber g greco   
stanford informationâ cents filtering tool tw yan h garcia-molina computer science technical report stanford university  
observation of growth of cadmium iodine from aqueous solution aj forty phil . mag  
of xml and databases : where 's the beef ? m carey sigmod record 2000.0 
theoretical linguistics : an introduction to modern linguistics g babiniotis  1980.0 
modulation theory part i hl van trees e detection part i  
theoretical pluralism and the construction of psychoanalytic knowledge d tuckett unpublished manuscript  
finite and infinite hypercube as direct products w imrich d rall   
multhocal motor neuropathy : response to human immune globulin v chaudhry m corse rw kuncl b drachman l   
important skills for taiwanese hospitality and tourism graduates as perceived by hospitality yw lu  1999.0 
1992 . access method concurrency with recovery db lomet b salzberg proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
â ?? guidance for industryâ ?? preparation of food contact notifications and food additive petitions for us food d administration md  
excuse me but are you human ? y rui z liu proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
toward recovery-oriented computing a fox vldb 2002.0 
assessing it competence in business managers g bassellier bh reich i benbasat   
utilization of the emergency department by patients with minor complaints ma rubin mj bonnin journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
multicoloured hamilton cycles and perfect matchings in pseudo-random graphs d kuhn d osthus   
iterative design of an interface for easy 3-d direct manipulation s houde   
reducing computational complexity using closures in a mean field approach in data assimilation gl eyink jm restrepo fj alexander  2002.0 
preference sql - design implementation experiences w kiessling g koestler vldb 2002.0 
n. in . khovratovich na borisevich opt . i spektr  
implicit gender stereotyping in judgments of fame mr banaji ag greenwald journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
improving the climate : eight universities meet the challenges of diversity . dr vom saal new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
burglary reduction and the myth of displacement www . aic . gov. au . accessed november 22 2002 j ratcliffe  2002.0 
practical suffix tree construction s tata ra hankins jm patel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
detecting humans in groups using a fast mean shift procedure . digital imaging in media and education c beleznai b fruhstuck h bischof w kropatsch proc . of the 28th aapr workshop  
speeding a query optimizer : the pilot pass approach a rosenthal u dayal d reiner unpublished  
absolute stability and dynamic complementarity vs kozyakin a mandelbaum submitted for  
an evaluation of buer management strategies '' ht chou dj dewitt proceedings of the 11th vldb  
abstraction methods in hypertext pk garg proceedings of acm  
andronsacks-davis . anecientindexingtechniqueforfull-text database systems am justinzobel proceedings of 18th international conference on very large & hellip ;  
radiolabel-transfer cross-linking demonstrates that protein 4.1 binds to the n-terminal region of ps becker   
alterations in the morphology of glycoconjugate molecules caused by histochemical procedures : e reale l luciano g brandes the histochemical journal 1992.0 
artificial and bioartificial support systems for liver failure jp liu ll gluud b als-nielsen c gluud cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
object and study method of fluviology l chengkun geography  
an adaptive interactive agent for route adivce ' the third annual conference on autonomous agents s rogers cn fiechter p langley  1999.0 
a goal-driven auto-configuration tool for the distributed workflow management system mentor-lite m gillmann j weissenfels g shegalov w wonner g sigmod conference 2000.0 
database conference calendar kg jeffrey acm sigmod record 1993.0 
what might evolutionary algorithms ( ea ) and multi-objective optimisation ( moo ) contribute to l poladian ls jermiin & hellip ; and evolutionary computation conference seattle washington 2004.0 
the non-linearity of fixed resistors pl kirby electronic engineering  
projections and chemical coding of neurons with immunor eactivity for nitric oxide synthase in the m costaâ ? ¦   
0 . ) and smith bl 1960 go jones phil . mag  
comparison of a variable speed to a constant speed pitch regulated horizontal axis wind turbine n hille studienarbeit danish technical university  
interview with john mcdermid : the cost of cots n talbert ieee computer  
marginalized not marginal : adult education 's unique contribution to the fight against hiv/aids jp egan new directions for adult and continuing education 2005.0 
ramamritham . recovery protocolsfor sharedmemorydatabasesystems ld moleskyandk proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod  
the role of learning support in the development and implementation of a key skills programme and an b hunter electronic library 1997.0 
a linear format for resolution dw loveland proceedings of the iria symposium on automatic demonstration  
seer cancer statistics review 1973â ?? 1999 . national cancer institute . bethesda rlagempk cl md  
â ?? self : a self-timed systems design technique ch lau electronic letters  
redbd : the database research community in spain a illarramendi e marcos c costilla sigmod record 2005.0 
ten easy pieces : assessing higher learning in four dimensions . ta angelo new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
an ethernet performance simulator for undergraduate networking b lewis barnett iii acm sigcse bulletin 1993.0 
an efficient approach for approximating multi-dimensional range queries and nearest neighbor c domeniconi d gunopulos   
extensible database management systems mj carey lm haas sigmod record 1990.0 
association of apolipoprotein b gene variants with plasma apob and ldl cholesterol levels s deeb a failor bg brown j brunzell j albers  1990.0 
e-mail from susan reynolds september 2002 ( nampa idaho september 2002 ) '' s reynolds   
apoptosis as a mechanism of cell death in a rat model of liver allograft rejection sm krams h egawa mb quinn om martinez transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
programming by demonstration in the desktop metaphor d halbert watch what i do : programming by  
â ?? setl to ada-tree transformations applied ee doberkat u gutenbeil information and software technology 1987.0 
the eect of latency on user performance in warcraft iii n sheldon e girard s borg m claypool e agu proceedings of acm netgames 2003.0 
the sdss skyserverâ ?? public access to the sloan digital sky server data . acm sigmod 2002 as szalay j gray ar thakar pz kunszt t malik  2001.0 
a concentric-circle model for community mining wj zhou jr wen wy ma hj zhang   
towards fast non-rigid registration december 2002 u clarenz m droske m rumpf   
final report on floridaâ ?? s initial time-limited welfare program d bloom jj kemple p morris s scrivener n verma   
aggression in psychiatric patients : using the hcr-20 to assess risk for violence in hospital and in dj ross sd hart cd webster unpublished manuscript  
lclint userâ ?? s guide ( 2nd edn ) vol . 2 d evans  1996.0 
a feature-based algorithms for detecting and classifving scene breaks . z ramin m justin m kevin  1995.0 
sublethal effects of west point treatment plant effluent on coho salmon ja buckley cm whitmore proceedings of the northwest fish culture conference 25 th & hellip ; 1974.0 
bmp signaling is required locally to pattern the dorsal telencephalic midline jm hã © bert y mishina sk mcconnell   
file allocation with balanced response time in a distributed multi-server information system k kristensen p ostergaard hj juhl c wentong bs information and software technology 1998.0 
resist metrology for lithography simulation part 2 : development parameter measurements a sekiguchi ca mack y minami t matsuzawa proc . spie 1996.0 
pirahesh . h. : extensible query processing in starburst l haas jc freytag g lohman proc . of the acm sigmod conf. portland  
a national-scale authentication infrastructure r butler   
ambient temperature influence on catalytic outletâ ?? inlet temperature difference pn botsaris pd sparis proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2000.0 
unpublished talk presented at the rossi 2000 symposium gsfc/nasa greenbelt k jahoda md  
night-vision equipment reproductive biology and nocturnal behavior : importance to studies of pd lingren jr raulston tj henneberry an sparks see ref  
providing guaranteed quality of service for interactive visualization applications ( poster session ) wmr wong rr muntz proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;  
a note on two-scale convergence of differential operators n svanstedt n wellander   
experiments of a duckbill valve ( dbv ) jet in coflow jhw lee hw tang   
communicator style in teaching : giving good form to content . rw norton new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
the fourth dimension in early childhood education bm caldwell see ref  
algorithms for finding attribute valuegroup for binary segmentationof categorical databases t tokuyama   
design knowledge and design rational : a framework for representation capture and use tg gruber m russell stanford university technical report ksl 90-45  
effectiveness of octreotide in a case of refractory sulfonylurea-induced hypoglycemia rs green w palatnick journal of emergency medicine 2003.0 
previews and overviews in digital libraries : designing surrogates to support visual information s greene g marchionini c plaisant b shneiderman   
strong ground motion characteristics and structural damage during the 1999 kocaeli earthquake m motosaka proc . of 28th ground vibration symp  
improving data access of j2ee applications by exploiting asynchronous processing and caching s kounev a buchmann proc . of the 28th international conference on very large  
second edition edited by twigg mv c handbook  1996.0 
their application to the computation of md fft r bernardini gm cortelazzo ga mian ur graphs   
aatp : auction agent transfer protocol gus chkaiban electronic markets 2000.0 
und v. wulf ( eds . ) : vernetztes lernen mit digitalen medien s uellner proceedings der tagung d-cscl 2000 physica heidelberg  
the learning sanctuary as an educational environment . ce kasworm new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
more commentary on missing information ( applicable and inspplicable ) in reiational database ef codd sigmod record  
source characteristics petrogenesis and evolution of the lile-enriched granitic terrain of the mv subba rao v divakara rao v balaram t proc . 28th annual convention and the seminar on â ?? & hellip ;  
induction of icam-1 on hepatocyte membranes during liver allograft rejection and infection g steinhoff m behrend r pichlmayr trans . proc 1990.0 
image watermarking for owner and content authentication c rey jl dugelay proc . acm multimedia technical  
reflection and semantics in a procedural language ph. d bc smith thesis laboratory for computer science mit  
first online data privacy law looms in california j vijayan computerworld  
alternative approaches to the employee-organization relationship : does investment in employees pay as tsui jl pearce lw porter am tripoli the academy of management journal 1997.0 
case study of electronic banking at meridian bancorp rj kauffman rd banker information and software technology 1991.0 
soi for digital cmos vlsi : design considerations and advances ct chuang pf lu cj anderson proceedings-ieee 1998.0 
stochastic optimal control and its connection with estimation r gessing   
real-time interfaces for interface-based design of real-time systems with fixed priority scheduling e wandeler l thiele proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
arie segev haas school of business university of california berkeley & lawrence berkeley national cs jensen sigmod record 1995.0 
s-plus 2000 modern statistics and advanced graphics ms inc & hellip ; analysis products division . mathsoft seattle washington  
a two-level windowed register file bk bray mj flynn   
aapt : algorithm animator and programming toolbox i sanders h gopal acm sigcse bulletin 1991.0 
mythologies vintage london r barthes  1993.0 
technique for universal quantification in sql . sigmod record 1991 sigmod record 1991.0 
versions and workspaces in microsoft repository tbpab shankar pd shutt   
determination of rare earth elements in bauxite by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission dk das p roychowdhury at . spectrosc. 1997.0 
closed caption open source e blankinship b smith h holtzman w bender bt technology journal 2004.0 
positron lifetime in silver bromide kh surbeck & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1976.0 
â ?? de-noising via soft-thresholding dld don0921 technical report dept. statistics stanford university 37p. 921.0 
mixed motives aa beilinson these  
an approach to knowledge generation by research and its utilisation in practice-situating doctoral v popovic   
destroying symmetry by orienting edges : complete graphs and complete bigraphs f harary ms jacobson discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2001.0 
high-spin states in cd-109 ( abstract only ) s juutinen p ahonen j hattula r julin j oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
distributed systems for system architects : kluwer academic publishers 2001 p verissimo l rodrigues   
the spatial distribution of turloughs ce coxon irish geography  
gaas heterojunction biopolar transistor rf ic for wireless applications da nobury proc int conf gaas 1997.0 
the constitutive rule revisited f hindriks procs . of 3rd conference on collective intentionality  
eth d mathematik ch-8092 zurich switzerland e-mail address : embrechts @ math .  
safe lazy software upgrades in object-oriented databases b liskov c moh s richman l shrira y cheung c   
picture databases : comming into focus r raskin md stone pc magazine august  
on biorthogonal-like sequences for generalized discrete gabor expansion of discrete-time signals jm morris y lu submitted for  
olympic records for data at the 1998 nagano games er lassettre   
social responses to the cults ad shupe dg bromley see hammond  
secure transaction processing in real-time database systems b george j haritsa proc . of acm sigmod conf may  
enforceable social laws g boella l van der torre   
sec. 2-102 ( unless the context otherwise requires this article applies to transactions in goods ... . ucc see   
hector : a hierarchically structured shared-memory multiprocessor zg vranesic m stumm dm lewis r white   
neocortex size and social group size in insectivores and carnivores rim dunbar j bever  1997.0 
labor confab issues call for training j king computerworld  
graduate study as professional development . cp zeph new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
rabbit : ac compiler for scheme gl steele jr technical report massachusetts institute of technology may  
a study of student attitudes towards basic standards testing jm rivard  1999.0 
method engineering for multi-perspective software engineering b nuseibeh a finkelstein j kramer information and software technology  
uzrã ¡ l ä?as pro terminologickã 1/2 slovnãk m rå ® å 1/2 iä?ka i  
special issue on rule management and processing in expert database systems - letter from the guest tk sellis sigmod record  
new tpc benchmarks for decision support and web commerce m poess c floyd acm sigmod record 2000.0 
computer performance modeling handbook ss lavenberg  1983.0 
carbon monoxide poisoning : a review for clinicians-outcome of patients treated with normobaric j varonâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
going up ? do traits and informal social processes predict advancing in management ? p tharenou academy of management journal 2001.0 
on parallel execution of multiple pipelined hash joins hi hsiao ms chen ps yu sigmod conference 1994.0 
disease in canadian amphibian populations gj crawshaw see ref  
ef â ?? extending the relational model to capture more meaningâ ?? c coddw acm transactions on database  
a framework for relocation in mobile process-centered software development environments s bhattacharyya lj osterweil   
face recognition based on depth and curvature features gg gordon   
the management transition l goff computerworld  
role of pyruvate in oxidative stress-induced effects on human sperm energy metabolism sc sikka ss shah a baratta wjg hellstrom & hellip ; international congress of andrology montreal canada june  
evolving behavioral strategies in predators and prey t haynes s sen lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
profiling an open source project ecology and its programmers s koch electronic markets 2004.0 
digital binaural/stereo conversion and crosstalk canceling k kotorynski proceedings of  
compiling for concurrency : planning and performing software thread integration ag dean proceedings of the 23rd ieee real-time systems  
ripple joins for online aggregation pj haas jm hellerstein   
shock waves and entropy pd lax contributions to nonlinear functional analysis  
acupuncture for idiopathic headache ( cochrane review ) d melchart k linde p fischer b berman a white cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
a fast software implementation for arithmetic operations in gf ( 2 ^ n ) e de win a bosselaers s vandenberghe p de lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
on the equivalence of database restructurings involving object identifiers ( extended abstract ) r hull m yoshikawa proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1991.0 
tracking the best expert ii m herbster unpublished manuscript  
update semantics for incomplete information s abiteboul g grahne proc . 11th int . conf . very large data bases stockholm  
tridimensional personality questionnaire version 4 cr cloninger unpublished manuscript  
hybrid learning algorithm for gaussian potential function networks cl chen   
development of a system for rating therapies for depression : differentiating cognitive therapy sd hollon md evans a auerbach rj derubeis i unpublished manuscript  
j. vandenberg p. kunszt c. stoughton â ?? data mining the sdss skyserver database â ?? j gray d slutz a szalay a thakar microsoft technical report msr-tr-2002-01 jan. .  
a viewpoint on software engineering and information systems : what we can learn from the construction de avison d wilson information & software technology 2001.0 
z. kristallogr . 111 142 . frx ~ - k fc ( 1951 ) vg bhide ar verma phil . mag  
a review and empirical evaluation of parameter weighting methods for a class of lazy learning d wettschereck dw aha t mohri artificial intelligence review  
the shannon sampling theorem - its various extensions and applications : a tutorial review aj jerri ieee proceedings 1977.0 
an introduction to primary mentoring t maynard adolescence-san diego - 2000.0 
tales from warehouse j ambrosio computerworld  
a developmentally regulated microsomal protein specific for the pigment epithelium of the vertebrate cp hamel e tsilou e harris ba pfeffer jj hooks md 1993.0 
antenna diagnosis using microwave holographic techniques on a far-field range ep ekelman & hellip ; techniques associatkâ ?? rr symposium seattle washington & hellip ;  
a study of the marine resources of salem sound 1997 bc chase j plough w castonguay massachusetts division of marine fisheries technical report & hellip ;  
two-handed input in a compound task p kabbash w buxton a sellen   
geophysical models for nuclear explosion monitoring me pasyanos wr walter m flanagan   
dennis patrick cantwell jb grossman md  
re-engineering slammed j king computerworld  
processing multi-join query in parallel systems kl tan h lu & hellip ; on applied computing : technological challenges of the 1990 &#39; s 1992.0 
mapping a semantic data model to the relational model p lyngbaek v vianu proc . acm sigmod  
interim report r youth seattle washington state institute for public  
who qualifies for financial aid ? . km deitch new directions for higher education 1982.0 
calculation of the flow of a viscous compressible fluid around an obstacle of parabolic shape r peyret h viviand & hellip ; . into english from proceedings of 3 d intern . conf . on & hellip ; 1975.0 
challenges of the introductory course . re dunham m gleason new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
logical design of relational database schemes ly yuan zm ozsoyoglu   
all ( 1999 ) . estimating the support of a high-dimensional distribution b schã ¶ lkopf technical report microsoft research . 27 november  
the format manual . rep. 320 -- 3510 ibm washington sci . center wheaton gm berns   
yuqing wu . t imber : a native xml database hv jagadish s al-khalifa l lakshmanan a nierman & hellip ; of michigan april 2002 . http://www . eecs . umich .  
fast nearest neighbor search in medical image databases f korn c faloutsos e siegel z protopapas vldb 1996.0 
dynamic adaptive windows for high speed data networks d mitra jb seery proc . acm  
an investigation of documents from the world wide web a woodruff pm aoki ea brewer p gauthier la www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
growth deficit and chronic exposure to arsenic and lead modify neuropsychological responses in j calderã ³ n me navarro me jimã © nez-capdeville a   
negative reactions to increases in perceived personal control jm burger journal of personality and social psychology  
rationale for the development of sandimmune neoral j vonderscher a meinzer transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
rate-basedqueryoptimizationfor streaming information sources njf viglase proceedings of acm sigmod madison wi  
a statistical study on the transient hollow cathode discharge p choi r aliaga proc . int . conf . gas  
a cost model for clustered object-oriented databases zh tangot stg france   
marking time : predictable transitions in task groups cjg gersick the academy of management journal 1989.0 
biology data book 2nd ed . vol . iii . federation of american societies for experimental biology pl altman ds dittmer md  
network models with delays and fixed points g pecelli bg kim  1999.0 
study of double-stage anode layer thruster using inert gases so tverdokhlebov proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion  
a theory of predicate-complete test coverage and generation 2004 t ball microsoft research technical report  
genetic conflicts in genomic imprinting a burt r trivers proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
strategy follows structure : the missing link of their intertwined relation rm burton aj kuhn unpublished manuscript  
iâ ?? . kelly and j. white . indexing multispectral images for content-based retrieval i barros j french w martin proceedings of the 23rd alâ ?? pr workshop on image and & hellip ;  
the binding site of measles virus hemagglutinin on the receptor cd46 : alanine-scanning mutagenesis d koller swiss institute of technology zurich switzerland  
innovations in thermoplastic die attach adhesives for microelectronic packaging s corbett p ongley   
cddlib reference manual cddlib version 0.92 k fukuda ethz zurich switzerland ( 2001 ) http://www . ifor . math .  
reasoning about intended actions c baral m gelfond   
incremental motion estimation through local bundle adjustment z zhang y shan   
incorporating quality metrics in centralized & slash ; distributed information retrieval on the world x zhu s gauch proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir  
web-based education for all : a tool for development adaptive courseware p brusilovsky j eklund ew schwarz www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
on the use of kriged p-wave travel-time correction surfaces for seismic location lk steck ml begnaud aa velasco   
speech synthesis by rule using an optimal selection of non-uniform synthesis units y sagisaka   
framework for development of conceptual data modelling techniques hd crockett j guynes cw slinkman information and software technology 1991.0 
the expressionism of georg heym : a note and two translations w vordtriede wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
thue equations with composite elds y bilu g hanrot   
dbms selection and evaluation : perspectives and practical issues b berlin   
digital analysis of remote sensing data for monitoring the ecological status of the mangrove forests mu chaudhury proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on remote & hellip ;  
of writing imagination and dialogue : a transformative experience je clark new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
selectivity estimators for multidimensional range queries over real attributes d gunopulos g kollios vj tsotras c domeniconi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
designing systems-on-chip using cores dacâ ?? 2000â ?? design automation conference los angeles usa ra bergamaschi wr lee proceedings acm  
clean surfaces : their preparation and characterization for interfacial studies g goldfinger  1970.0 
energy transfer and shock wave generation at the collision of laser-driven macroparticle t pisarczyk s borodziuk nn demchenko sy guskov proc . 28th eclim  
consulententeams voor mensen met een verstandelijke handicap en ernstig probleemgedrag gja kramer mcj barnhard j schouten  1997.0 
operational models for problem drug use epidemic : the mover-stayer approach to heterogeneity . c rossi   
the three-level zvs pwm converter -- a new concept in high-voltage dc-to-dc conversion jr pinheiro i barbi iecon-proceedings - 1992.0 
altering test environments for reducing test anxiety and for improving academic performance . d bushnell  1978.0 
an overview of vhdl language and technology m shahdad proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
squeal : a structured query language for the web e spertus la stein www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
repetitive and periodic controller design gf ledwich a bolton & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1993.0 
a linear-time algorithm for a special case of disjoint set union hn gabow re tarjan proceedings of the fifteenth annual acm symposium on theory & hellip ; 1983.0 
resistivity of carbon-graphite materials after neutron irradiation ig lebedev at .  
is native-like competence possible in l2 acquisition s montrul r slabakova   
similarity searching in large image database university of maryland at college park college park egm petrakis c faloutsos md  
an efficient motion estimation technique based on a rate-distortion criterion wc chung f kossentini mjt smith proceedings  
sddl : a system for distributed databases jb rothnieâ ? ¦ acm trans . database syst  
fm-cw doppler radar signal processing for precipitation measurements lp ligthart lr nieuwkerk js van sinttruijen conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
volumen ii tomo i catã ¡ logo a de mã © xico   
probing guanine structure in nucleic acid folding using nickel complexes cj burrows se rokita acc . chem . res  
a random perturbation method for ic yield optimization with deterministic process parameters ma styblinski lj opalski proc . int . symp . circuits  
the interactions of teaching improvement . kt brinko new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
efficient evaluation of right - left - and multi-linear rules jf naughton proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1989.0 
bounded latency scheduling scheme for atm cells s dolev a kesselman computer networks 2000.0 
the reeducation of emotionally disturbed children n hobbs see ref  
using multiversion data for non-interfering executionof write-only transactions d agrawal v krishnamurthy proceedingof the acm sigmod  
the computing research repository : promoting the rapid dissemination of computer science research jy halpern c lagoze proceedings of acm digital librariesâ ?? 99  
degradation of observations in the uv of the global ozone monitoring experiment ( gome ) cp tanzi r snel i aben proc . int . radiation symp. july  
fast subsequence matching in time-series databases c faloutsos m ranganathan y manolopoulos proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference  
query optimization by simulation annealing ye ioannidis e wong proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf  
characterization of cu ( inga ) se/sub 2/solar cells with high ga content wn shafarman r klenk be mccandless proceedings of the 25 h ieee photovoltaic specialist & hellip ;  
eiha ?!? c biancheri jc pazzaglia g paddeu sigmod record 2001.0 
term orderings on the polynominal ring l robbiano lecture notes in computer science 1985.0 
a phase ii study of cpt-11 a camptothecin derivative in patients with primary lung cancer . cpt-11 s negoro m fukuoka h niitani a suzuki t gan to kagaku ryoho 1991.0 
flow injection analysis . principles techniques and applications w frenzel  1993.0 
the limits of web metadata and beyond m marchiori www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
explaining the gender difference in depressive symptoms s nolen-hoeksema j larson c grayson journal of personality and social psychology 1999.0 
rage in the workplace m solomon computerworld  
a one-dimensional metallopolymer of 2 5-dimethyl-n nâ ? ² - dicyanoquinone diimine ( 2 5-dm-dcnqi ) x ouyang c campana kr dunbar acc . chem . res 1984.0 
optimal axes for defining the orientations of shapes d shen hhs ip electronic letters 1996.0 
inflation monetary transparency and g3 exchange rate volatility kn kuttner as posen   
multimedia content screening using a dual watermarking and fingerprinting system d kirovski hs malvar y yacobi   
pervasive computing : hogwarts startrek reality and back d husemann computer networks 2001.0 
the mediator for stringent control ppgpp binds to the beta-subunit of escherichia coli rna d chatterji n fujita a ishihama genes to cells 1998.0 
a computer program for understanding natural language t winograd technical report tr-17 massachusetts institute of technology  
diffraction and transmission of a detonation into a bounding explosive layer jc liu jj liou m sichel cw kauffman ja proc of the 21st int symp on combustion the combustion & hellip ;  
consciousness and learning : new and renewed approaches . m boucouvalas new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
capacity model for internet transactions m oslake technical report msr-tr-99-18 microsoft research april  
wheels on the web . pc magazin pc magazine ( march 21 )  
data modelling versus ontology engineering p spyns r meersman sigmod record 2002.0 
a test of a molecular model of a controlling element transposon in maize pa peterson proc . int . congr . genet  
linkage studies in a four generation family with x-linked hydrocephalus associated with flexed index kj friedmanâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 23rd annual march of dimes clinical  
social movements class and adult education s walters new directions for adult and continuing education 2005.0 
schachner m singer w ( 1996 ) : n-cam 180 in the postnatal development of cat visual cortex : an jam delius i kramer   
heparin for prolonging peripheral intravenous catheter use in neonates ( cochrane review ) ps shah e ng ak sinha cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
are quorums an alternative for data replication ? r jimenez-peris m patino-martinez g alonso b acm transactions on database systems 2003.0 
performance evaluation of three active vision systems built at the nrc ja beraldin sf el-hakim f blais proceedings of the conference on optical 3-d measurement  
viki : spatial hypertext supporting emergent structure to appear in c marshall f shipman j coombs proc . acm echtâ ?? 94  
market emergence trust and reputation m fafchamps unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
client-based access control management for xml documents l bouganim fd ngoc p pucheral proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
a toolkit for dependable and extensible home networking applications ym wang w russell a arora  2000.0 
comparison of four in vitro assays for specific ige detection p boccagni f favari g zanoni a pezzini international journal of clinical and laboratory research 1994.0 
endosurgery simulations with kismet : a flexible tool for surgical instrument design operation room ug kã 1/4 hnapfel h krumm c kuhn m hã 1/4 bner b proceedings  
the normal incidence grating inverse photoemission spectrometer in the energy range 8-28 ev ( abstract t ollonqvist l saisa j vayrynen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
proximity matching using fixed-queries trees ra baeza-yates w cunto u manber s wu lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
adaptive best-effort delivery of digital audio and video across packet-switched networks k jeffay dl stone t talley fd smith lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
providing dynamic security control in a federated database nb idris wa gray rf churchhouse proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
an efficient algorithms for mining association rules in large databases . proceedings of the 21th a savasere e miecinski s navathe  1995.0 
alphasort : a risc machine sort c nyberg t barclay z cvetanovic j gray d lomet proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
experiences in federated databases : from iro-db to miro-web . 24st conf . on very large databases p fankhauser g gardarin m lopez j munoz a new york ny  
meta-stable memory in an artificial immune network m neal lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
acoustic profiles in vocal emotion expression r banse kr scherer journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
finite-tree analysis for constraint logic-based languages r bagnara r gori pm hill e zaffanella lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
stability of fluid motion : rectilinear motion of viscous fluid between two parallel planes l kelvin phil . mag  
andw . k. shih . ( 1988 ) . â ?? fastalgorithmforoptimallayerassignment.â ?? ys kuo tc chern proc . ofieee/acm design automation  
the activation approach in dutch and belgian social policies r van berkel j de schampheleire journal of european area studies 2001.0 
a studey of three alternative workstation-server architectures for object-oriented databases d dewitt p futtersak d maier f velez proc . vldb conf  
quel as a data type m stonebraker e anderson e hanson b rubenstein proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1984.0 
a scalable parallel classier for data mining j shafer r agrawal m mehta proc . 22nd international conference on vldb mumbai india . (  
cell death with predominant apoptotic features in saccharomyces cerevisiae mediated by deletion of m yamaki t umehara t chimura m horikoshi genes to cells 2001.0 
the role of metallothionein in cadmium-induced bone resorption mh bhattacharrya ca blum ak wilson see ref  
ansi/x3/sparc study group on data base management systems 75-02-08 i report fdt-bulletin of acm sigmod  
on unipolar induction : another experiment and its significance as evidence for the existence of the eh kennard phil . mag  
energy transfer and excimer formation in rare gas solids wf scott ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1984.0 
cycloidal propulsion in air . fk kirsten  1935.0 
a word grammar of turkish with morphophonemic rules sm oztaner  1996.0 
decision support mechanisms as a back end to urban design j stefanou j stefanou athens greece : ntua publications  
damping ratio of linear uncertain discrete-time systems cb soh   
temporal query processing and optimization in multiprocessor database machines rr muntz   
worklist management strategies a kanamori d weise   
supply chain inventory management and the value of shared information gp cachon m fisher management science 2000.0 
an experimental and theoretical study of high repetition rate q-switched nd : yag lasers rb chesler ma karr je geusic proc . ieee  
egos infighting and politics : standards process bogged down s kolodziej   
sigmod 2003 demo proposal : relational on-line exchange with xml p bohannon xl dong s ganguly hf korth c li   
event-driven architecture poised for wide adoption c sliwa computerworld  
user-oriented smart-cache for the web : what you seek is what you get ! - group of 4 & raquo ; z lacroix a sahuguet r chandrasekar proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1998.0 
politics of strategic decision making in high-velocity environments : toward a midrange theory km eisenhardt ljb iii the academy of management journal 1988.0 
electrical activity of a simple ganglion jh welsh dm maynard fed proc  
efficient indexing methods for probabilistic threshold queries over uncertain data r cheng y xia s prabhakar r shah js vitter proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
peridot : creating user interfaces by demonstration ba myers   
van jacobson . on estimating end-to-end network path properties m allman proceedings of acm  
social differentiation in leisure activity choices : an unfinished experiment s ferge see szalai  
sea breeze effects on large-scale atmospheric flow h savijarvi contributions to atmospheric physics 1995.0 
the university in service to state and local government . jt kenny new directions for higher education 1988.0 
interaction of drugs with microtubule proteins l wilson jr bamburg sb mizel lm grisham km fed proc 1974.0 
prequential probability theory vg vovk unpublished manuscript  
authoritarianism and attitudes toward high achievers nt feather journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
compiled-directed data prefetching in multiprocessors with memory hierarchy eh gornish ed granston av veidenbaum procs . of 17th isca  
a survey and taxonomy of location systems for ubiquitous computing j hightower g borriello   
a design collaboration between children technologists and educators a druin j stewart d proft b bederson j hollan proceedings of acm  
improving the query performance of high-dimensional index structures by bulk-load operations s berchtold c boehm hp kriegel lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
computing joins of relations . l gotleib proc . acm-sigmod conf . manage . of data san jose calif. & hellip ;  
use of kodak ektapro high-speed digital cameras in laryngoscopy g burnett r leonard phonoscope-san diego - 1999.0 
yu . i. matyunin and tv smelova â ?? induction melting in a cold crucible for mobilizing plutonium - vv kushnikov at .  
contingent influence diagrams rm fung rd shachter unpublished manuscript  
direct spatial search on pictorial databases using packed r-trees nrd leifker proceedings of the acm sigmod  
a software system for locating mobile users : design evaluation and lessons 2000 p bahl vn padmanabhan a balachandran revised version of microsoft research technical report msr -  
an improved technique for electrolytic colouration of alkali halide crystals ( abstract only ) p raerinne p ketolainen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
zusammenfassende darstebbung zum verstã $ ndnis des gleichnisses dg vom verlorenen sohnâ ?? eine   
network operating systems : playing the odds g gunnerson pc magazine-american edition - 1993.0 
mutual disambiguation of recognition errors in a multimodal architecture sl oviatt   
virtual cut-through : a new computer communication switching technique k parviz l kienrock computer networks  
xywrite 4.0 : essential upgrade for loyalists e mendelson pc magazine 1993.0 
epr of carbonate derived radicals : applications in dosimetry dating and detection of irradiated f callens g vanhaelewyn p matthys e boesman applied magnetic resonance 1998.0 
assembly with robots in presence of uncertainty r suarez l basanez proc . int . symp . industrial robots  
the functional data model and the data language daplex ' d shipman shipman acm transactions on database systems  
making deductive databases a practical technology : a step forward portal.acm.org   
report on the dagstuhl seminar â ?? data quality on the webâ ?? m gertz g saake k sattler sigmod record 2004.0 
pseudo-distributive laws and axiomatics for variable binding j power m tanaka submitted for publication.  
ssris versus other antidepressants for depressive disorder jr geddes n freemantle j mason mp eccles j cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
aircraft instrumentation part ii fj abbink technical university of delft november  
a multi-disciplinary approach towards new mobile multimedia systems r prasad fc schoute r lagendijk l ten horn a submitted for  
hydrogen energy futures : scenario planning by the us doe hydrogen technical advisory panel j ohi & hellip ; world hydrogen energy conference montreal canada june  
pegasus architecture and design principles mc shan proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
an agent-based middleware - a solution for terminal and user mobility s lipperts asb park computer networks 1999.0 
de novo malignancy following liver transplantation : a single-center study m levy l backman b husberg r goldstein transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
the challenges in building a carrier-scale ip network pj willis bt technology journal 2000.0 
downsizing in a learning organization : are there hidden costs ? sr fisher ma white academy of management review 2000.0 
direct transitive closure algorithms : design and performance evaluation r agrawal s dar hv jagadish acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
an effective test generation system for sequential circuits r marlett proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
stat : a state transition analysis tool for intrusion deflection p pfleeger & hellip ; thesis university of california santa barbara california  
enhancing the group decision making process : an intelligent systems architecture r agarwal k prasad   
an integrated approach to communications switching dj mcauliffe proc . int &#39; l comm . conf  
an efficient submesh allocation strategy for mesh computer systems pj chuang nf tzeng   
the determination of dislocation densities in thin films rk ham phil . mag  
mind your vocabulary : query mapping across heterogeneous information sources ( extended version ) cck chang   
discriminative sum types locate the source of type errors m neubauer p thiemann   
beyond the shoe box : foundations for flexibly organizing photographs on a computer kd grant a graham t nguyen a paepcke t submitted for publication 2003.0 
encouraging your students to give feedback md svinicki new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
stack-based algorithms for pattern matching on dags l chen a gupta me kurul   
view representation in logical database design sb navathe m schkolnick proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference  
an extension of the theorem of the virial ea milne phil . mag  
sql and management of external data j melton je michels v josifovski k kulkarni p acm sigmod record 2001.0 
biofast : challenges in exploring linked life science sources j bleiholder z lacroix h murthy f naumann l sigmod record 2004.0 
corticotropin-releasing factor : effects on the autonomic nervous system and visceral systems mr brown la fisher fed proc 1985.0 
scalable techniques for mining causal structures c silverstein s brin r motwani j ullman data mining and knowledge discovery 2000.0 
a discussion of the molecular mechanisms of moisture transport in epoxy resins cl soles af yee   
defining and translating a â ?? safeâ ?? subset of simulink/stateflow into lustre n scaife c sofronis p caspi s tripakis f proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
everyone is talking about knowledge management i greif proceedings of acm 1998 conference on computer supported & hellip ;  
better batteries for low-power jobs d maliniak electronic design  
an infrastructure for application level active networking a ghosh m fry g maclarty computer networks 2001.0 
internet teaching resources for japan . pull-out 3 . rg helms c finegan-stoll social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
a comparative study of static and profile-based heuristics for inlining m arnold   
chain : operator scheduling for memory minimization in stream systems m dalar b babcock s babu r motwani proceedings of acm-sigmod  
modelling of lakes entrance mj mcmaster dg provis rb grayson a mccowan   
gestural control at ircam . mm wanderley mh serra m battier submitted for  
querying in highly distributed environments t imielski br badrinath proc . 18th vldb conf  
pstore : a secure peer-to-peer backup system c batten k barr a saraf s trepetin   
service and restoration routing and wavelength assignment and restoration signaling in optical g sahin ph. d. dissertation ( university of washington seattle  
towards an infrastructure for temporal databases : report of an invitational arpa/nsf workshop a segev b theodoulidis ij dayal sigmod record 1994.0 
database abstractions views and updates in rigel la rowe ka shoens proc acm sigmod conf manage data boston mass. usa  
aphorisms and maxims for chief academic officers . ge brooks new directions for higher education 1984.0 
processing aggregate relational queries with hard time constraints wh hot891 g ozsoyoglu b taneja proceedings of the acm sigmod conference pp  
data storage technology s setia o frieder d grossman   
cords : automatic generation of correlation statistics in db2 if ilyas v markl pj haas pg brown a aboulnaga proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
oracle media server : providing consumer based interactive access to multimedia data a laursen j olkin m porter sigmod conference 1994.0 
construction of specific mutations in photosystemii photosynthetic reaction center by genetic jgk williams  1988.0 
automatic detection and repair of errors in data structures b demsky m rinard   
personalizaã § ã # o da internet r torres   
hu jet al. buffered steiner tree for difficult instances cj alpert m hrkic proc . acm ispd  
finding generalized projected clusters in high dimensional spaces sigmoid record v. 29 no. 2 2000 c aggrawal ps yu on management of data dallas tx  
integrated ferroelect r macquart bj kennedy ba hunter cj howard y  2002.0 
varying instructional strategies to accommodate diverse thinking skills . curriculum concerns . mr hillis jf eschenbach social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
bear management in yellowstone national park 1960â ?? 93 ka gunther international conference on bear research and management  
inter-particle percolation . part 1 : demonstration of the phenomenon and equipment development am scott & hellip ; percolation . part 1 : demonstration of the phenomenon and & hellip ; 1974.0 
emotions in infancy : regulators of contact and relationships with persons c trevarthen approaches to emotion  
opt + + : an object-oriented implementation for database query ( ) plimiza | ion n kabra d dewitt submitted for publication february  
rfi analysis applied to the tdrss system ( tracking and data relay satellite system performance ) ja jenny & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
asymmetric transesterification catalyzed by enzymes in organic solvents am klibanov acc chem res  
improving access to environmental data using context information a tomasic e simon sigmod record 1997.0 
refinement theories in resolution theory d luckham symposium on automatic demonstration lecture notes in math .  
sex limited inheritance in drosophila . th morganâ ? ¦   
reducing social context cues : electronic mail in organizational communications l sproull s kiesler management science 1986.0 
an ? swenson jr on the semantics of the relational data model ha schmid proc . acm sigmod conf. wf king ed. san jose calif. may  
database desiqn tools m bouzeghoub g gardarin e metals an expert system approach proceedings of the vldb & hellip ;  
examination of fission frag m ent tracks with an electron microscope ech silk rs barnes  1959.0 
computer communications and learning bl bellman new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
advanced trauma life support training for ambulance crews d sethi i kwan am kelly i roberts f bunn cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
cellular mechanisms of risk and transformation lh augenlicht m bordonaro bg heerdt j annals-new york academy of sciences 1999.0 
data bubbles : quality preserving performance boosting m breuning hp kriegel p krã ¶ ger j sander proc . acm sigmod  
the influence of carbon dioxide and oxygen as additives on soot formation in diffusion flames dx du rl axelbaum ck law proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on & hellip ;  
submodule construction for systems of i/o automata j drissi g bochmann submitted for  
substitution of doctors by nurses in primary care m laurant d reeves r hermens j braspenning r cochrane database syst rev 2005.0 
a and mott nf 1970 ea davis phil . mag  
analyzing data with graphpad prism graphpad software inc hj motulski san diego ca  
low temperature diamond growth using halogenated hydrocarbons i schmidt f hentschel c benndorf submitted for publication  
antecedents of source separation behavior : a comparison of two danish municipalities sc grunert marketing for an expanding europe : proceedings ofthe 25 & hellip ;  
smooth is better than sharp : a random mobility model for simulation of wireless networks c bettstetter proceedings of the 4th acm international workshop on & hellip ; 2001.0 
answering xml queries on heterogeneous data sources [ c ] m ioana f daniela k donald proceedings of the vldb conference rome  
control of force distribution for power grasp in the digits system k mirza de orin   
molecular biology made easy . the polymerase chain reaction amt clarke np mapstone p quirke the histochemical journal 1992.0 
plz : a family of system programming languages for microprocessors c bass ieee computer  
separation of motions in systems with a rapidly rotating phase ai neishtadt prikladnaia matematika i mekhanika 1984.0 
anti-m monoclonal antibodies cross-reacting with variant m ^ g antigen : an example of modulation of e jaskiewicz m czerwinski d syper e lisowska   
on the use of kriged p-wave travel time correction surfaces lk steck aa velasco ml begnaud proceedings of the 23rd seismic research review : worldwide & hellip ;  
science service learning chm 197 b resource manual . t samberg b woodward d wiegand m vredevoogd n university of washington seattle washington  
distributed database concurrency controls using before-values re stearns dj rosenkrantz proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference  
copy detection mechanisms for digital documents s brin j davis h garcia-molina sigmod conference 1995.0 
no silver bullet b frederick ieee computer  
recent bt patents jr mason bt technology journal 2002.0 
one hundred days in an activity-centric collaboration environment m muller w geyer b brownholtz e wilcox dr proc . acm sigchi vienna austria  
fully embedded board-level guided-wave optoelectronic interconnects rt chen l lin c choi yj liu b bihari l wu s proceedings-ieee 2000.0 
title ? g de vaucouleurs ann . dâ ?? ap  
the fundamentals of h. 324 desktop videoconferencing m herman electronic design  
no. 101â ?? 116 at 9 ( 1989 ) s rep   
state of the art in pattern recognition g nagy proc .  
a prospective multicenter randomized trial of the herbal supplement pc-spes vs. diethylstilbestrol ej small p kantoff vk weinberg s nguyen m proc asco  
report on the edbt '02 panel on scientific data integration o boucelma s castano c goble v josifovski z sigmod record 2002.0 
performing joins without decompression in a compressed database system n winterbottom sigmod record 2003.0 
a robot implementation of a biologically inspired method ofr novelty detection p crook g hayes procs . of towards intelligent mobile robots  
secure accounting and auditing on the web m naor b pinkas www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
a recovery algorithm for a distributed database system n goodman d skeen a chan u dayal s fox d ries proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
from codd to xml v vianu aw odyssey proceedings of the twentieth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ;  
curriculum education and training about multimedia ea fox proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
helicopter usage monitoring for fatigue life calculation md robertson european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
urban and rural classification . usc bureau   
research and practice in federated information systems : report of the efisâ ?? 2000 international w hasselbring wj van den heuvel gj houben rd sigmod record  
database system issues in nomadic computing r alonso hf korth   
new land settlement in the eastern low lands of colombia rl tinnermeier  1965.0 
an efficient pyramid image coding system a tran k liu k tzou e vogel proc . icassp  
utility of a single beta hcg measurement to evaluate for absence of ectopic pregnancy-prospective ka marill te ingmire bk nelson journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
an evaluation of physical disk i/os for complex object processing departement informatik wb teeuw c rich mh scholl hm blanken eth zurich technical report 183 zurich switzerland september  
an implementation of gem supportingasemanticdatamodelonarelational back-end s tsur c zaniolo proceedings sigmod conference boston massachusetts  
a study of response time under various deadlock strategies sw sherman jh howard jc browne proc . 1974 acm natl.  
karst i pecine jugoslavije.â ?? beograd : naucna knjiga 1988 n kresic   
an alternative solution to the observation pattern problem k nguyen t dillon   
using model checking to validate ai planner domain models j penix c pecheur k havelund   
official methods of analysis 17th ed. aoac international gaithersburg w horwitz md  
roadrunner : towards automatic data extraction from large web sites g mecca v crescenzi p merialdo proceedings of the 27th very large databases conference & hellip ;  
automatic accurate time-bound analysis for high-level languages ya liu g gomez lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
hematin compounds and bile pigments r lemberg jw legge new york  
s. & han j. ( 2000 ) . pushing support constraints into association mining z wang & hellip ; conference on very large data bases ( vldb &#39; 00 ) cairo  
decision-oriented approaches to program evaluation rc larson eh kaplan new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
sql standardization : the next steps a eisenberg j melton acm sigmod record 2000.0 
hp finite element approximations on nonmatching grids for the stokes problem l filippini a toselli technical report eth zurich switzerland  
the archiecre of the eden system ed lazowska hm levy gt almes mj fischer rj   
fetopathogenicity of maternal hyperthermia at mid-gestation jt done ae wrathall c richardson proc . int . pig . vet . soc  
special section : controlled experiments in software engineering c wohlin m hoest information & software technology 2001.0 
tape tracking and handling for magnetic tape recorders ( aboard spacecraft ) w paroby r disilvestre & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1975.0 
distributed decision support systems : a perspective eb swanson proceedings of the 24th annual hawaii international & hellip ; 1990.0 
annual stats pack pf magazine seattle  
from counterculture to counterrevolution : a teaching career 1959-1984 j axelrod new directions for teaching and learning  
genomic survey of two-component regulatory systems putatively involved in peptide pheromone mediated j nakayama adl akkermans wm de vos  2002.0 
the nature ofa useable pki cm ellison computer networks  
no pane no gain : efficient evaluation of sliding-window aggregates over data streams j li d maier k tufte v papadimos pa tucker sigmod record 2005.0 
why people stay : using job embeddedness to predict voluntary turnover tr mitchell bc holtom tw lee cj sablynski m   
the syntony quest : evolutionary vision for change in your world a laszlo unpublished manuscript  
crafting a job : revisioning employees as active crafters of their work a wrzesniewski je dutton academy of management review 2001.0 
versions and workspaces in microsoft repository t bergstraesser pa bernstein s pal d shutt   
task allocation in a distributed system j hine t holzer procs . of  
the current state of proving programs correct rl london   
fast algorithms for mining association rules in large databases ra as941 r srikant proceedings of international conference on very large & hellip ;  
the liability of colleges and universities for fraud waste and abuse in federally funded grants sd gordon new directions for higher education 1996.0 
color quantization by dynamic programming and principal analysis x wu acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 1992.0 
a multi-access technique for broadband wireless local networks b bing r subramanian computer networks 1999.0 
a volumetric methad for building complex models from range imgaes b curless m levoy proceedings acm  
the effect of a variation in precipitation on the nature of clay mineral formation in soils from i barshad proc . int . clay conf  
effect of feeding on peripheral circadian rhythms and behaviour in mammals h kobayashi k oishi s hanai n ishida genes to cells 2004.0 
power-conscious design of wireless circuits and systems aa abidi gj pottie wj kaiser proceedings-ieee 2000.0 
xml-based information mediation with mix c baru a gupta r marciano y papakonstantinou p   
java bytecode verification for secure information flow m avvenuti c bernardeschi n de francesco   
infrared antennas coupled to lithographic fresnel zone plate lenses fj gonzã ¡ lez j alda b ilic gd boreman   
â ?? multimedia-technologie powerpack â ?? springer-verlag berlin heidelberg oktober 2000 r steinmetz   
the self-sufficiency project at 36 months : effects of a financial work incentive on employment and c michalopoulos d card la gennetian k harknett social research and demonstration corporation www . srdc . & hellip ;  
personal communication j klott blm jarbidge resource area  
electronic commerce comes to the â ?? netâ ?? ja edelheit mr miller bt technology journal 1997.0 
a logic programming approach to the integration repairing and querying of inconsistent databases g greco s greco e zumpano lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
sequences of proteins of immunological interest 5th ed. national institutes of health bethesda ea kabat tt wu hm perry ks gottesman c foeller md  
you get what you donâ ?? t pay for m schrage computerworld  
extensions of goms analyses to expert performance requiring perception of dynamic visual and be john proceedings of chi 1990.0 
geographic variation in population characteristics of an intertidal gastropod : demographic rj schmitt & hellip ; symposium : recent advances in research on the california & hellip ; 1993.0 
airborne doppler radar observations in hurricane alicia fd marks conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
negation and affirmation in jacques prevert 's word games ah greet wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
on-the-fly detection of access anomalies e schonberg   
computer science and statistics cj geyer proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface edited  
power-factor correction with interleaved boost converters in continuous-inductor mode l balogh r redl proc . applied power electronics conf 1993.0 
antagonistic effects of interferons on the cytotoxicity mediated by natural killer cells g trinchieri d santoli d granato b perussia fed proc 1981.0 
library-based learning in an information society . ps breivik new directions for higher education 1986.0 
optimizing queries on files mp consens   
xquery : a query language for xml . w3c working draft d chamberlin d florescu j robie m stefanescu   
management of blood transfusion services 1990 sf hollã ¡ n w wagstaff j leikola f lothe   
minilaparotomy and endoscopic techniques for tubal sterilisation r kulier m boulvain d walker g de candolle a cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
wetting of wood gi mantanis ra young wood science and technology 1997.0 
dax : a dynamically adaptive distributed system for processing complex continuous queries b liu y zhu m jbantova e rundensteiner vldb demo  
syfpeithi : database for mhc ligands and peptide motifs hg rammensee j bachmann npn emmerich oa bachor immunogenetics 1999.0 
efficient reduced-order modeling of frequency-dependent coupling inductances associated with 3-d lm silveira m kamon j white proc . ieee/acm design automation conference  
report on second international workshop on advanced issues of e-commerce and web-based information kl wu ps yu sigmod record 2000.0 
interactive query and search in semistructured databases r goldman j widom lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
xml data exchange : consistency and query answering m arenas l libkin   
effects of climate dump closure and other factors on yellowstone grizzly bear litter size sf stringham international conference bear research and management  
websteam mw aldridge demonstration at the fifth annual navy workforce research & hellip ;  
windows 2000 dependability b levidow b murphy   
report on the workshop on metadata management in grid and peer-to-peer systems london december 16 k keenoy a poulovassilis v christophides g acm sigmod record 2004.0 
evolution of groupware for business applications : a database perspective on lotus domino/notes c mohan r barber s watts a somani m proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
laboratory measurement of rolling resistance in truck tyres under dynamic vertical load . aa popov dj cole cb winkler d cebon   
emerging broadband access technologies dea clarke g lampard rp merrett dw smith jf bt technology journal 1998.0 
racial ambivalence and american value conflict : correlational and priming studies of dual cognitive i katz rg hass journal of personality and social psychology  
variability of anthropometric traits in australian aboriginals and adjacent popuiations pa parsons ng white see ref  
computer use still growing among all schools in the us dr market electronic learning  
anita swinson anderson 6 sep 1999 '' as anderson   
evaluation des tempã © ratures neutroniques dans les zones de rã © action d'oklo par lâ ?? ã © tude des p holliger c devillers g retali proceedings le phã © nomã ¨ ne d &#39; oklo : vienna international & hellip ;  
object decomposition for spatial query processing yj lee sj lee cw chung   
behavioral audiogram and masked thresholds of the megachiropteran echolocating bat rousettus ra suthers ca summers journal of comparative physiology a : sensory neural and & hellip ; 1980.0 
an authorization system for temporal data a gal v atluri g xu   
autonomous visual discovery mc burl d lucchetti data mining and knowledge discovery : theory tools and & hellip ; 2000.0 
the heartbeat considered as a relaxation oscillation and an electrical model of the heart b van der pol j van der mark phil . mag  
prolonged skin allograft survival in mice treated with flt3-ligand-induced dendritic cells and anti- tg markees ne phillips ej gordon rj noelle c transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
the grammars of trust : a model and general implications bh sheppard dm sherman the academy of management review 1998.0 
exemplary programming in rita da waterman acm sigart bulletin 1977.0 
concepts and capabihties of a database computer j banerjee dk hsiao acm trans . database syst  
birmingham-southern college . nr berte k shackleford new directions for higher education 1986.0 
it implementation through the lens of organizational learning : a case study of insuror kt ang jyl thong cs yap   
financial stress and the need for change ls lissner al taylor new directions for higher education 1996.0 
globalisation and singaporean transmigration : re-imagining and negotiating national identity l kong   
barrier agents for preventing adhesions after surgery for subfertility c farquhar p vandekerckhove a watson a vail d cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
some inequalities between shannon entropy and kolmogorov chaitin and extension complexities sk leung-yan-cheong tm cover technical report 16 dept. of statistics stanford university  
bir1/cut17 moving from chromosome to spindle upon the loss of cohesion is required for condensation j morishita t matsusaka g goshima t nakamura h genes to cells 2001.0 
technical and strategic human resource management effectiveness as determinants of firm performance ma huselid se jackson rs schuler the academy of management journal 1997.0 
energy efficient indexing on air t irniefinski s vishwanathan br badrinath ln proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
a scrollbar-based visualization for document navigation d byrd   
das projekt teleteaching der universitã $ ten mannheim und heidelberg . w effelsberg proc . learntec  
a dataflow/von neumann hybrid ar-chitecture a robert technical report tr-4l8 massachusetts institute of technology  
quantum electrodynamics : with unstable vacuum es fradkin dm gitman sm shvartsman  1991.0 
effects of honey solution on the urinary electrolytes and osmolality urine volume and urinary total n al-waili   
efficient concurrent zero-knowledge in the auxiliary string model i damgard lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
coping with complexity in automated reasoning about database systems t sheard dw stemple vldb  
antibiotics for preventing infection in open limb fractures r gosselin i roberts w gillespie cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
smart cards the better way to pay a michael computerworld  
a simulation study of the eurotransplant liver allocation procedureâ ?? master thesis m bogers technical university delft  
rewriting queries using views in description logics c beeri ay levy mc rousset proceedings of the sixteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1997.0 
chromatographia 1968 f drawert a rapp   
evaluating the effect of intensity standardization and inhomogeneity correction on mr images a madabhushi jk udupa proc . of 28th ieee north-eastern conf . on bioengineering  
a programming language for object databases a albano g ghelli r orsini j. very large data bases  
white house ultimatum to fed is : shape up systems or lose funding . g anthes   
an implementation of gem - supporting a semantic data model on a relational back-end portal.acm.org   
parallel querying with non-dedicated computers v raman w han i narang proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
spartan : a model-based semantic compression for massive data tables s babu m garofalakis r rastogi acm sigmod conference  
analysis of factors affecting productivities of construction firms z sozen h giritli istanbul technical university turkey  
adaptive solutions for dynamic markets m calisti agentlink technology conference zurich switzerland  
the ability to detect deceit generalizes across different types of high-stake lies mg frank p ekman journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
panoramic image mosaicing hy shum r szeliski technical report msr-tr-97-23 microsoft research september  
revising the institutional mission ca dominick new directions for higher education 1990.0 
resistivity surveying for planning of infrastructure t dahlin s johansson procs . sageep  
characteristic polynomial assignment in 2-dimensional discrete systems p agathoklis   
ya . i. isakov vp kalinin and n. ya . usachev km minachev kinetika i kataliz  
a componentized architecture for dynamic electronic markets . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
performance evaluation of an adaptive and robust load control method for the avoidance of data - g weikum   
information visualization guest editors ' foreword e ioannidis r beigel b shneiderman jb kennedy sigmod record 1996.0 
a free form snake-based algorithm for lane detection zk lu ek teoh procs mva-2000 nov  
protocol analysis using numerical petri nets gr wheeler mc wilbur-ham j billington ja lecture notes in computer science 1985.0 
patterns of activity-induced pathology in a canadian eskimo isolate . cf merbs  1970.0 
internet service differentiation using transport options : the case for policy-aware congestion p gevros   
picture processing and digital filtering ts huang   
1991 . segment indexes : dynamic indexing techniques for multi-dimensional interval data c kolovson m stonebraker proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
chief programmer teams : principles and procedures . ibm rep. fsc 71-5108 ibm fed . syst . div. hd mills md  
moving beyond the racial ravine ae alter m severin computerworld  
pharmacokinetics of dr-3355 a new quinolone in healthy volunteers m nakashima t uematsu m kanamaru o okazaki s proc 28th icaac  
density biased sampling : an improved method for data mining and clustering cr palmer sigmod conference 2000.0 
features of a conceptual schema d tsichritzis vldb  
gradient matrices and matrix calculations ma as651 fc schweppe technical report mit lincoln laboratory lexington  
using laptops in engineering courses for real-time data collection and analysis mw ohland ea stephan new directions for teaching and learning 2005.0 
autocad release 12 reference manual a ltd  1994.0 
intrusion-detection for incident-response using a military battlefield-intelligence process j yuill f wu j settle f gong r forno m huang computer networks 2000.0 
attitude and selective learning : where are the phenomena of yesteryear ag greenwald js sakumura journal of personality and social psychology 1967.0 
sensory integration-theory and practice . [ fa davis & co philadelphia us ] ag gisher ea murray ac bundy  1991.0 
narrative abstraction model for story-oriented video b jung t kwak j song y lee proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
mouse hepatitis virus strain jhm infects a human hepatocellular carcinoma cell line pj koetters l hassanieh sa stohlman t gallagher virology-new york - 1999.0 
simple alternate routing for differentiated services networks sd patek r venkateswaran j liebeherr computer networks 2001.0 
the design and implementation of ingres m stonebraker acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
ah von flotow â ?? dynamics and nonlinear adaptive control of an autonomous unicycle ( theory and dw vos proc . of 29th couf . on decision and control  
broadband islands-bridging the services gap second international conference rpo hã 1/4 berâ ? ¦ athens greece june  
the influence of causal interpretation on memory for system states w schoppek   
computational intelligence in atm call admission control p czezowski proceedings of the ieee ph. d. students conference ( gradcon & hellip ;  
microsoft excel 97 developer 's handbook e wells s harshbarger  1997.0 
predicting sales rates for thousands of retail traders t ragg w menzel w baum m wigbers d. tsaptsinos : proceedings of the international conference & hellip ;  
a computer architecture for digital logic simulation r barto sa szygenda electronic engineering  
the physical and biological effects of high frequency sound waves of great intensity rw wood al loomis phil . mag  
immobilization of high level wastes in stable mineral-like materials under the conditions of self - em glagovskii av kuprin ln pelevinâ ? ¦ at .  
immunosuppressive effects of the morpholinoethyl ester of mycophenolic acid ( rs-61443 ) in rat and re morris j wang jr blum t flavin mp murphy transplant  
controlled impact demonstration on-board ( interior ) photographic system cj may & hellip ; - scale transport controlled impact demonstration p 209-239 ( & hellip ; 1986.0 
differential phase shift ( ( for radar propagation in rain ) ) ar jameson conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
on-card bytecode verification for java card x leroy lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
treatment of pruritus in polycythaemia vera with h 1 and h 2 receptor antagonists : a double blind l parapia dn norfolk g byrne be roberts proc int soc haematol  
a framework for clustering evolving data streams c charu h jia-wei proc the 29th vldb conference . berlin : johann christoph & hellip ;  
reproductive biology of black bears in east-central ontario gb kolenosky international conference on bear research and management  
induction of heterotypic neutralizing antibodies by rotavirus-like particles se crawford mk estes m ciarlet c barone cm o submitted for  
rainbow turan problems p keevash d mubayi b sudakov j verstraete   
aiga san diego y design conference k mccoy san diego  
storage service providers : a solution for storage management ? b ozden e gabber b hillyer wt ng e shriver dj proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases p sundaresan k baclawski s englert j gray   
dunnill p. humphrey ae lilly d wang md  
oi trois tantoties tis ellenikis oikogenias ( the three faces of the greek family ) c katakis athens greece : kedros  
superconductivity in layered structures of rare-earth carbide halides r eger rk kremer acc . chem . res 1979.0 
episodic lake acidification weathering and evaporation in seasonally snow covered catchments in the a leydecker & hellip ; and marine biology university of california santa barbara  
towards adaptive workflow systems a bernstein c dellarocas m klein   
citrus greening disease a serious limiting factor for citriculture in asia and africa b aubert proc . int . soc . citriculture  
restructuring redesign rationing and nurses ' morale : a qualitative study on the impact of j shindul-rothschild journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
unit and kernel systems in algebraic frames j martä ± nez   
numerische simulation der setzungserscheinungen in tailingsschlã $ mmen u reichel diplomthesis technical university chemnitz  
illustration in medical teaching . p cull j audiov media med 1978.0 
computing parametrizations of rational algebraic curves m van hoeij   
first ordovician vertebrates from the southern hemisphere a ritchie j gilbert-tomlinson algheringa i  
foreword m carr bt technology journal 2003.0 
risk factors for hiv-1 infection among street-recruited intravenous drug users in new york city sr friedman a rosenblum d goldsmithâ ? ¦ montreal canada june  
independent component analisis of magnetoencephalography data m bucolo l fortuna n frasca m la rosa ds proceedings 23rd embc  
the power range assignment problem in radio networks on the plane aef clementi p penna r silvestri lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
version 3.5 j felsenstein ppi package university of washington seattle  
corpus-based learning in stochastic ot-lfgâ ?? experiments with a bidirectional bootstrapping approach j kuhn   
a fully balanced cmos ota for high-frequency monolithic filters ikd peterson rl geiger proc . 29th midwest symposium on circuits and systems  
on the use of optimistic methods for concurrency control in distributed system s ceri s owicki proc . 6th int . conf . on distributed data management and & hellip ;  
the geography of contemporary china : inventory and prospect k chang   
generalized additive models . dept tj hastie rj tibshirani  1984.0 
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large database s guha r rastogi k shim proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data seattle & hellip ;  
retail exchanges push on despite b2b travails . c sliwa   
phase margin of linear time invariant systems from routh array v krishnamurthi n al-awad   
ir evaluation methods for retrieving highly relevant documents portal.acm.org   
md who evaluated petitioner for the dm exh . 81 â ¶ 35 p. 16 . [ 702-703 ] 157 pra markman   
sol turbulence theory and simulations x xu contributions to plasma physics 1998.0 
binary membrane structure in chloroplast lamellae cj arntzen  1970.0 
improving time-to-market using sdl tools and techniques ( tutorial ) r probert n mansurov proc . 9th sdl forum montreal canada june  
sip and conversational internet applications dr wisely bt technology journal 2001.0 
presheaf models of constructive set theories n gambino submitted for publication 2004.0 
on-line reorganization of sparsely-populated b + - trees c zou b salzberg proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1996.0 
the supply of childcare in britain : do mothers queue for childcare ? a chevalier tk viitanen unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
algorithms for materialized view design in data warehousing environment j yang vldb 1997.0 
closet + : searching for the best strategies for mining frequent closed itemsets j wang j han j pei   
a polarized 3 he gas compression system using metastability-exchange optical pumping ds hussey dr rich as belov x tong h yang c   
assessing critical thinking sd brookfield new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
pahlavi yasna and visperad ebn dhabhar  1949.0 
evolution in the stipeae : identification and relationships of its monophyletic taxa me barkworth j everett see ref  
institution-sponsored internships . ak ard new directions for higher education 1994.0 
ph : a parallel haskell la arvind j hicks rs nikhil j stoy w williams   
three dimensional subband coding of video g karlsson m vetterli  1988.0 
field . phototoc : automatic clustering for browsing personal photographs jc platt m czerwinski a brent technical report 17 microsoft research 1 microsoft way  
chemrate version 1.19 nist gaithersburg v mokrushin v bedanov w tsang mr zachariah vd md  
the halo effect : evidence for unconscious alteration of judgments re nisbett td wilson journal of personality and social psychology  
a presidentâ ?? s view of the 1990â ?? s k mortimer s edwards new directions for higher education 1990.0 
a consideration on normal form of not-necessarily-normalized relation in then ; t ~ ; aa rnn ~ id ~ r ~ a makinouchi proceedings international conference on very large data & hellip ;  
a parallel software package for solving linear systems cd scarbnick mc chang mh schultz ab sherman   
applying an operational formal method throughout software engineering education m muller x pan p walter k schimrigk ae kelley information and software technology 1998.0 
jobshop-like queueing systems jr jackson management  
six evaluation issues that synthesis can resolve better than single studies rj light new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
personal initiative at work : differences between east and west germany m frese w kring a soose j zempel the academy of management journal 1996.0 
for client-server systems with multi-class requests â ?? dc petriu mva approximate proc . of acm  
index interpolation : an approach to subsequence matching supporting normalization transform in time - wk loh sw kim   
on the selfsimilarity nature of ethemet traffic [ a ] we leland ms taqqu w willingerâ ? ¦ proc acm sigcomm  
p. 116 . 12 . g. katsikatsos s berlin geology of greece athens  
der fremdenverkehr in rothenburg ob der tauber : eine fremdenverkehrsgeographische untersuchung r ehnes  1974.0 
investigating the response of offshore foundations in soft clay soils bw byrne mj cassidy   
th . von clarmann m. birk und g. wagner interconsistency checks of clono 2 retrievals from mipas-b h oelhaf g wetzel m hopfner f friedl-vallon n proc . int . radiation symposium  
cognitive processes mediating behavioral change a bandura ne adams j beyer journal of personality and social psychology 1977.0 
highly-available fault-tolerant parallel dataflows ma shah acm sigmod conference 2004.0 
barrel swirl breakdown in spark-ignition engines : insights from particle image velocimetry m reeves mj haste cp garner n halliwell proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1999.0 
use of software systems development methods an empirical study in brunei darussalam c gayâ ? ¦ information and software technology 1998.0 
a new normal form for nested relations zm ozsoyoglu ly yuan acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
j konstantin b & kawamoto s. ( 2002 ) mastering web services security . indianapolis : wiley b hartman d flinn   
d. tonescu â ?? a generalized temporal logic approach for control problems of a class of jy lin proc . 29th ieee confl decision & control honolulu  
a proposed globally distributed federated database : a practical performance evaluation c linn b howarth parallel and distributed information systems 1994. & hellip ;  
air synthetic force development e harvey p feldmann position paper engineering demonstration  
conditional maximum likelihood estimation of nã $ ä ± ve bayes probability models c chelba a acero technical report to appear microsoft research redmond wa  
the document concept in a data base i kowarski m lopez proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
rapportage arbeidsmarkt zorg en welzijn 2001 hoofdrapport en bijlagen oktober 2001 â 1/4 -- posa nivel   
corba and object services j kleindienst f plasil p tuma proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ; 1996.0 
formal aspects of concurrency control in long-duration transaction systems using the nt/pv model hf korth g speegle acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
the immunizing activity of certain chemical fractions isolated from haemolytic streptococci tc stamp eb hendry lancet i  
handling student grievances in higher education . j shubert j folger new directions for higher education 1980.0 
nanoscale materials jr heath acc . chem . res  
the current conveyor : history progress and new results as sedra gw roberts f gohh  1990.0 
identifying factors influencing engineering student retention through a longitudinal and cross - t anderson r carter m ohland b thorndyke g proc . amer . soc . eng . ed. montreal canada june  
semigroups of operators and applications ja goldstein to  
robust classification for imprecise environments f provost t fawcett machine learning 2001.0 
on the selection of efficient record segmentations and backup strategies for large shared databases st march gd scudder acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 
advanced windows r jeffrey  1994.0 
muscle relaxants for non-specific low back pain mw van tulder t touray ad furlan s solway lm cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
poâ ?? neil and d. shasha . the dangers of replication and a solution j gray p helland acm sigmod conf . on management of data canada  
antibiotics for prolonged moist cough in children jm marchant p morris j gaffney ab chang cochrane database syst rev 2005.0 
analysis of a general limited scheduling mechanism for a distributed communication system lc hwang cj chang computer networks 1999.0 
dense multiway trees ii karel culik t ottmann d wood acm trans . database syst  
good advice cheap : is life is tough . here 's some solid ( and free ) advice observations and j maglitta   
bv rybakov cross sections for the fission of th-232 u235 and u238 induced by 10-22 mev neutrons vm pankratov na vlasov at . energy  
microsoft access 97 visual basic : step by step e callahan  1997.0 
10ã ? â ?? human-machine symbiosis d roy bt technology journal 2004.0 
neeraj ; goe c. '' hierarchical censored production rules system employing dempsterâ ?? shafer k bharadwaj information and software technology  
atrial natriuretic factor : an overview aj de bold fed proc 1986.0 
session : acm multimedia art exhibit : digital boundaries table of contents w yang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
a pattern-matching approach to link program theory and evaluation data jm marquart new directions for program evaluation  
highly-available distributed services and fault-tolerant distributed garbage collection . programming b liskov r ladin  1986.0 
the plane jet wg bickley phil . mag  
fast structure search for gaussian mixture models p sand aw moore submitted to knowledge discovery and data mining  
an introduction to system reliability analysis rn shaw ide videlo bt technology journal 1993.0 
implementing set-oriented production rules as an extension to starburst . 1991 . in proc . 17th intl j widom rj cochrane bg lindsay conference on very large  
streblonema ( phaeophyceae ) infection in the frond of cultivated undaria ( phaeophyceae ) t yoshida k akiyama proc . int . seaweed symp  
a progress report on the activities of the codasyl end user facility task group hc lefkovits acm sigmod record 1976.0 
these de doctorates sciences techniques jn adami ecole polytechnique federale of zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;  
furosemide for prevention of morbidity in indomethacin-treated infants with patent ductus arteriosus lp brion de campbell cochrane database syst rev  
the method of structured programming applied to the development of a compiler u ammann proc . acm int . comp . sym . davos  
eurofix : have we reached the limit ? gwa offermans d van willigen ej breeuwer   
the effectiveness of methadone maintenance treatment : patients programs services and outcome jc ball a ross  1991.0 
three techniques for helping international program managers use evaluation findings r werge ra haag new directions for program evaluation 1989.0 
workflow redesign through consolidation in information-intensive business processes r dewan a seidmann   
multiresolution signal processing for meshes i guskov w sweldens p schroder   
image wave : a study on image synchronization r suzuki y iwadate m minoh proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 1999.0 
assessing the impact of electronic comerce on business performance : a simulation experiment gm giaglis rj paul gi doukidis   
the dangers of replication j gray p helland poâ ?? neil d shasha proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
fast-convergence algorithm for ica-based blind source separation using array signal processing h saruwatari t kawamura k shikano   
algebraic specification through expression transformation mj fernandez-iglesias m llamas-nistal procs . of the joint conference  
delayed toxidromes1 gm bosse nj matyunas journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
edge-based approach to mesh simplification k choo id yun su lee 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ; 1999.0 
pond use patterns of reproduction and juvenile recruitment in a mixed waterfrog population g abt  2003.0 
trace analysis of erlang programs t arts la fredlund   
rough problem settings for inductive logic programming c liu n zhong lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
incorporating holocaust education into k-4 curriculum and teaching in the united states . pull out 2 . hl sepinwall social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
introduction to a system for distributed databases jb rothnie pa bernstein sa fox n goodman mm acm trans . on database systems  
xlmr genes : update 1994 g neri p chiurazzi jf arena ha lubs md 1994.0 
an optical bench for anterior photography of the eye . r ollerenshaw p kilshaw e dervin j audiov media med 1978.0 
intravenous immunoglobulin for guillain-barrã © syndrome ra hughes jc raphael av swan pa van doorn cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
wavelet thresholding for unequally spaced data a kovac submitted for publication 1998.0 
multivariate dependencies and a new normal form for relational database r fagin acm tods  
no bad dogs : ethological lessons for learning in hamsterdam b blumberg p todd p maes   
lower-bounding of dynamic time warping distances for multivariate time series tmrr manmatha technical report mm-40 university of massachusetts amherst  
variance based classifier comparison in text catergorization ( poster session ) a takasu k aihara proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
t lymphocytes reactive for group a streptococcal antigens in chronic plaque psoriatic lesions bs baker d brown w porter c hardman jj garioch archives of dermatological research 1999.0 
social perception and interpersonal behavior : on the self-fulfilling nature of social stereotypes m snyder ed tanke e berscheid journal of personality and social psychology  
globalâ ?? 93 international conference and technology exhibition â ?? future nuclear systems : emerging bf myasoedov mk chmutova proceedings seattle washington september  
achieving civic competence through a draft writing process np gallavan social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
crm : making all the pieces fit d smedley computerworld  
access methods for multiversion data d lomet b salzberg proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1989.0 
rubber band motor . hf meiners physics demonstration  
the significance of trace metals in solving petrogenetic problems and controversies d fan ss augustithis theophrastus publications athens  
a fuzzy model of reputation in multi-agent systems j carbo jm molina j davila procs . of the 5 thint . conf . on autonomous agents ( montreal  
a robust on-the-fly pitch ( otfp ) estimation algorithm s sood a krishnamurthy proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
a new algorithm for faster mining of generalized association rules j hipp a myka r wirth   
changes of portal venous flow velocity after liver transplantation and its causes m sukigara s iwatsuki a stieber ag tzakis transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
personal communications t lockery nathan hale high school . seattle washington  
precipitation efficiency within a tropical squall line observed during ` copt 81 ' experiment d hauser p amayenc m chong conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
schkolnick â ?? buffermanagementinrelationaldatabasesystems â ?? g msacoandm acm transactions on database systems  
exploiting inter-operation parallelism in xprs . w hong   
the evolution of effective b-tree : page organization and techniques : a personal account d lomet sigmod record 2001.0 
on the immersion problem for 2 r-torsion lens spaces j gonzalez ta shimkus submitted for  
the bendix/bell mls signal-in-space ( microwave landing system with air-derived sample data and rj kelly national aerospace meeting washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
the perceptions of taiwanese hospitality and tourism educators toward developing a gaming recreation wc chang  2000.0 
interactive muves in the dive system o hagsand ieee computer  
intelligent multi-modal systems kc tsui b azvine d djian c voudouris lq xu bt technology journal 1998.0 
streaming multimedia for the internet a grace j cox r jacobs g morrison bt technology journal 2000.0 
four generations of nurse theorists in the us an overview of their questions and answers eoc hall vard i norden 1997.0 
chamberlin.â ?? query by hummingâ ?? l ghias proceedings of acm multimedia  
in ubiquitin and the biology of the cell jm peters  1998.0 
information of aerosol extinction-to-backscatter ratios using aeronet measurements and cluster a omar j won s yoon mp mccormick proc . 21st int . laser radar  
toxgene : an extensible template-based data generator for xml . d barbosa ao mendelzon j keenleyside ka lyons   
dissecting bittorrent : five months in a torrent 's lifetime m izal g urvoy-keller ew biersack pa felber aa lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
parsing and browsing tools for colonoscopy videos y cao d li w tavanapong jh oh j wong pc de proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
mobile ecommerce k sabatakakis m zumbuhl s krotsch andersen consulting zurich  
development of resources for functional genomics in the pig : production of 14 cdna libraries and ck tuggle j green cj fitzsimmons r woods r san diego  
the development of civics values : an overview jj cogan p morrisâ ? ¦ international journal of educational research 2001.0 
the importance of being earnest s caudron electronic business  
predicting participation and production outcomes through a two-dimensional model of organizational rc mayer fd schoorman the academy of management journal 1992.0 
the box : an oral history of television 1920-1961 j kisseloff  1997.0 
the use of fluorochromes in the cytochemical characterization of some phytoflagellates me klut t bisalputra nj antia the histochemical journal 1988.0 
the past was no illusion w bransford acm press siggraph series 1998.0 
application of extended luenberger observer for flux and rotor time-constant estimation in induction t orlowska-kowalska   
new dates and new rates for divergence across the isthmus of panama n knowlton la weigt proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
internet streaming simd extensions s thakkar   
three-dimensional dynamic structure of the lipid bilayer membranes : an epr spin label study wk subczynski a wisniewska cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
faculty incentives : some practical keys and practical examples . z bowen new directions for higher education 1985.0 
meadows : modeling emulation analysis of data of wireless sensors q luo lm ni b he h wu w xue proc . of the vldb workshop on data management for sensor & hellip ;  
the thabamus ofthe macaca mulatta j olszewski an at  
taking student government seriously . jr bolen social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
converting prototypes to operational systems : evidence from preliminary industrial survey mp martin jm carey information and software technology 1991.0 
you too can be an overclocker b machrone pc magazine  
signature caching in parallel object database systems k norvag information and software technology 2002.0 
arylation reactions : the photo-s ( n ) 1 path via phenyl cation as an alternative to metal catalysis . m fagnoni a albini acc . chem . res 2005.0 
inside mapi i de la cruz microsoft programming series 1996.0 
a survey ofapproaches toautomatic schema matching e rahm pa bernstein the vldb journal  
demonstration of human papillomavirus dna in two keratoacanthomas h pfister a gassenmaier pg fuchs archives of dermatological research 1986.0 
a search interface for my questions macj overmeer computer networks 1999.0 
fuzzy logic-based soc meter for primary lithium batts . p singh c fennie de reisner procs . 6th workshop for battery exp . dev. williamsburg va & hellip ;  
infrared and raman spectra of inorganic and coordination compounds 3rd ed k nakamoto  1978.0 
a faculty code is not a coda . rm o'neil new directions for higher education 1974.0 
adolescent suicidal ideation t field m diego ce sanders adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
models of respiratory phase-switching mi cohen jl feldman fed proc 1977.0 
data visualization : data exploration on the grid i foster j insleay g von laszewski c kesselman ieee computer  
a tool for on-line visualization and interactive steering of parallel hpc applications s rathmayer m lenke   
and the ordering of events in a distributed system l lamport  1978.0 
familial true hermaphroditism : paternal and maternal transmission of true hermaphroditism ( 46 xx ) u kuhnle hp schwarz u lã ¶ hrs s stengel - human genetics 1993.0 
public opinion and the spanish-american war ; a study in war propaganda . mm wilkerson  1932.0 
a historical archaeology of the modern world 1996  1996.0 
c and pratt pl 1970 dc phillips phil . mag  
new development in on - / in-line systems using infrared and raman spectroscopy l rudzik e wã 1/4 st proceedings of the â ?? 25 thinternational dairy congressâ ?? & hellip ;  
1992 . a qualitative comparison study of data structures for large segment databases eg hoel h samet proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
flit : flexowriter interrogation tape : a symbolic utility for tx-o tg stockham jb dennis technical report memo 5001-23 massachusetts institute of  
processing olap queries in hierarchically clustered databases d theodoratos a tsois data & knowledge engineering 2003.0 
carbon : electrochemical and physicochemical properties k kinoshita  1988.0 
composing web services on the semantic web b medjahed a bouguettaya ak elmagarmid the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
improving business process quality through exception understanding prediction and prevention d grigori vldb 2001.0 
complete solution of the eight-puzzle and the benet of node ordering in ida a reinefeld   
qualitative plus/versus quantitative : the last word ml smith new directions for program evaluation  
core affect prototypical emotional episodes and other things called emotion : dissecting the ja russell l feldman barrett journal of personality and social psychology 1999.0 
integrity checking in deductive databases r kowalsky f sadri p soper proc . of the 13th vldb brighton  
reformulation : an approach to efficient constraint validation x qian dr smith proc . vldb  
combination low dose thalidomide and cyclosporine prophylaxis for acute graft-versus-host disease in gb vogelsang mc wells gw santos tl chen ad transplant  
optimized smooth handoffs in mobile ip ce perkins ky wang proceedings of iscc 1999.0 
graph partitioning and parallel solvers : has the emperor no clothes ? b hendrickson lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
random drop congestion control m allison proceedings of acm sigcomm  
an architecture for high-level language database extensions cj date   
a deductive database language supporting modules b freitag   
bed rest in singleton pregnancies for preventing preterm birth c sosa f althabe j belizan e bergel cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
participation satisfaction and productivity : a meta-analytic review ki miller pr monge the academy of management journal 1986.0 
computing facts in non-horn deductive systems e lozinski proc of vldb  
software diversity : practical statistics for its measurements and exploitation d patridge wj krzanowski information & software technology  
honoring narrative evidence in the research and evaluation of peer support c macneil s mead unpublished manuscript  
non-uniform spatial sampling in eeg source localization cg bã © nar j gotman proceedings of the 23rd international conference of the ieee & hellip ;  
a taxonomy of organizational justice theories j greenberg the academy of management review 1987.0 
carr r1 : a substrate amplification system for enzyme-linked immunoassays . 11 j verrier jones m mansour h james d sadi demonstration of its applicability for measuring anti-dna & hellip ;  
design of a feedback active control regulator for reduction of vibrations or noise in a helicopter jj costes i legrain-naudin european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
vulcan a srivastavaâ ? ¦ technical report microsoft research msr-tr-99-76 september  
the angular dislocation eh yoffe phil . mag  
flexible finishing system using hyper cutter location data f nagata k watanabe y kusumoto k kiguchi k   
click : modular flexible and efficient pc routers [ z ] b chen e kohler m poletto   
anda . pfeffer . generalizedsearchtreesfordatabasesystems jm hellerstein jf naughton proc . 21st int . conf . very large data bases  
created by ministerial resolution no. 536 july 5 1999 at11 . 21there is a three child difference npf mphsa   
enzyme nomenclature ( recommendations of the nomenclature committee of the international union of ec webb academic san diego  
2000 end of year report on campus outreach initiatives m casas s fenstermaker  1999.0 
estimating life insurance needs : an empirical investigation of buyer preferences rs elliott proceedings of the 25 thannual meeting of the midwest & hellip ;  
violence in society war in the world . media corner . gt alterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
image-based modeling and rendering with geometric proxy amk siu rwh lau proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
break-over diodes for transient suppression j foster electronic engineering  
computation of global estimation variance in mineral deposits jk yamamoto proc . 29th intern . symp . computer applications in the & hellip ;  
uload : choosing the right storage for your xml application a arion v benzaken i manolescu r vijay proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
design of relational database schemas . g pangalos information and software technology 1988.0 
the socio-economic impact of pervasive computingâ ?? intelligent spaces and the organisation of mh lyons jmm potter dam holm r venousiou r bt technology journal 2004.0 
smart struts - the solution for helicopter interior noise problems w gembler h schweitzer r maier m pucher p european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
using caching cache indexing and differential techniques to efficiently support transaction time . cs jensen l mark n roussopoulos t sellis md  
acupuncture for bellâ ?? s palsy l he d zhou b wu n li mk zhou cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
concerning a quantum mechanic maser model m hasler & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1973.0 
compact routing on euclidian metrics i abraham d malkhi submitted for publication 2004.0 
generalized toda chains in discrete time yb suris algebra i anal  
remote-control software : how to be in 2 places at once t stevenson pc magazine aug  
the best policy is missing deadlines-sometimes pj meilir computerworld  
supramolecular chemistry vch weinheim 1995 ; b ) mct fyfe jf stoddart jm lehn acc . chem . res  
the management of digital data : a metadata approach a chilvers j feather electronic library 1998.0 
advanced database technologies in a diabetic healthcare system w hsu ml lee bc ooi pk mohanty kl teo c xia vldb 2002.0 
chilean typhoid committee . 1987 . large-scale field trial of ty21a live oral typhoid vaccine in mm levine c ferreccio re black r germanier lancet  
hydrothermal synthesis molecular sieves solid-state chemistry dj jandeleit ts powers hw turner wh weinberg g acc . chem . res 1996.0 
parallel execution of test runs for database application systems f haftmann d kossmann e lo proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
9800-j patuxent woods drive columbia ab components   
an enhanced representation of time series which allows fast classification clustering and relevance e keogh p smyth procs . of the 3rd conference on knowledge discovery in & hellip ;  
hawaii open ocean aquaculture demonstration program ce helsley & hellip ; of aquaculture species proc . 28th us-japan natural  
a visual reasoning system with diagrams and sentences h sawamura at diagrams  
phylogeny of wolbachia in filarial nematodes c bandi tjc anderson c genchi ml blaxter proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
letâ ?? s eavesdrop on managers . s marx t gary computerworld  
safe and efficient sharing of persistent objects in thor b liskov a adya m castro s ghemawat r gruber sigmod conference 1996.0 
inferring document similarity from hyperlinks d grangier s bengio proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
towards a social analysis of penality d garland p young the power to punish  
emancipating instances from the tyranny of classes in information modeling j parsons y wand acm transactions on database systems 2000.0 
men arefrom mars women arefrom venus j gray  1992.0 
on digital signature and public key cryptographic rl rivest a shamir lm adleman mit laboratory for computer science technical report mit/lcs /  
the hopf bifurcation and its applications je marsden m mccracken  1976.0 
usa 1995 ny york   
error estimation and adaptivity for nonlinear fe analysis a huerta a rodriguez-ferran p diez   
mayaquest : a student-directed expedition . r hefte social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
the state of research on university teaching effectiveness . jg donald new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
r. go vindan j. heidemann and s. kumar . next cen turychallenges : scalable coordination in sensor d estrin a cm mobicomm seattle washington august  
microsoft meltdown uk presentation : â ?? directx shader managementâ ?? c peeper microsoft corporation  
possibilities of deep burnup of americium and neptunium in the core of a fast sodium-cooled reactor ev poplavskaya va eliseev at .  
lateral vibration on a pedestrian cable-stayed bridge and its suppression by tuned liquid dampers . s nakamura y fujino struct . eng . int . ( iabse zurich switzerland )  
pas areanu cs robby visser w. and zhen h. 2001 . tool-supported program abstraction for finite - mb dwyer j hatcliff r joehanes s laubach proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software  
fusionnet : joining the internet and phone networks for multimedia applications mr civanlar gl cash bg haskell proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
proactively searching the web : can we agree on whatâ ?? s relevant j budzik m ruberry h stein kj hammond demo and poster proceedings of acm hypertext 2002.0 
combining constraint solving and symbolic model checking for a class of systems with non-linear w chan r anderson p beame d notkin lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
biopatentminer : an information retrieval system for biomedical patents s mukherjea b bamba proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
corporate culture -- college culture . wb martin new directions for higher education 1985.0 
encapsulation : an approach to operating system security rlb ii gj popek proc . acm annual conf  
the determination of wage and price inflation in greece : an application of modern cointegration sg hall n zonzilos   
the leadership role of a dean cm fagin new directions for higher education 1997.0 
compile-time composition of run-time data and iteration reorderings mm strout l carter j ferrante   
methodology for development and employment of ontology based knowledge management applications y sure s staab sigmod record 2002.0 
foundations of global analysis a kriegl pw michor to  
online collection of midterm student feedback cd bullock new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
topology discovery in the network weather service m swany r wolski submitted for  
an ultrasensitive silicon pressure-based flowmeter st cho k najafi cl lowman kd wise   
an experimental comparison of model-based clustering methods m meilä ? d heckerman machine learning 2001.0 
identification of rate constants and non-observable absorption spectra in nonlinear biochemical d maraun w horbelt h rust j timmer hp   
hinges in collective action : strategic innovation in the pittston coal strike k beckwith mobilization-san diego - 2000.0 
j. non-crystalline solids 1 1 ; 1969 nf mott phil . mag  
hydrogen sulfide concentrations around swine farms cl tengman rn goodwin jr bicudo procs . of the international symposium addressing animal & hellip ;  
take-all decline during cereal monoculture pj shipton see ref  
computer architecture research and the real world atd arvind a caro technical report 397 computation structures group  
cryptography trusted third parties and escrow sjd phoenix bt technology journal 1997.0 
metskerâ ?? s atlas of pierce county c metsker metsker map company . seattle washington  
caring and paying : what fathers and mothers say about child support . ff furstenbergâ ? ¦  1992.0 
special issue in multidatabase systems a sheth acm sigmod record  
sharing knowledge-based technology via knowledge-representation interchange : the stanford kif tr gruber technical report knowledge systems laboratory stanford  
occam : an asynchronous hardware description language?â ?? g theodoropoulos   
web services architecture k mockford bt technology journal 2004.0 
introduction to the special issue on semantic integration ah doan nf noy ay halevy acm sigmod record 2004.0 
knowledge management ! r garner computerworld  
personality life events and subjective well-being : toward a dynamic equilibrium model b headey a wearing journal of personality and social psychology  
research at alta'ir gip altgir sigmod record 1991.0 
maskerade-angriffe im internet dfsh damker h federrath mj schneider eine demonstration fã 1/4 r unsicherheit . datenschutz und & hellip ;  
the network workbench : network simulation software for academic investigation of internet concepts jm pullen computer networks 2000.0 
suitability of data models as canonical models for federated dbs f saltor m castellanos acm sigmod record  
advisor : justin dauwels matthias frey and patrick merkli in collaboration with benjamin vigoda ( feb t koch continuous-time synchronization . zurich switzerland .  
motion based retrieval of dynamic objects in videos cb liu n ahuja proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
a pathogenesis of chronic subdural hematoma ; itâ ?? s relationship to subdural membrane t shimoji no to . shinkei geka 1992.0 
assessing measurement system acceptability for process control and analysis using gage r & r study j wang  2004.0 
processing queries over rdf views of wrapped relational databases j petrini t risch   
the black sheep-interactive improvisation in a 3d virtual world m klesen j szatkowski n lehmann proceedings i 2000.0 
concurrent programming with eiffel m karaorman jl bruno  1991.0 
applications of artificial neural networks to satellite systems gd bye bt technology journal 1993.0 
the performance of linear time suffix sorting algorithms sj puglisi submitted for publication 2004.0 
at first i thoughtâ ?? : a normalizing device for extraordinary events g jefferson unpublished manuscript  
using taxonomy discriminants and signatures for navigating in text databases scbdr agrawal p raghavan   
convergence of a neural network classier js baras a la vigna proc . 29th ieee conf . on decision and  
microsoft word version 6.0 ms word microsoft corporation  
organizational change as discourse : communicative actions and deep structures in the context of l heracleous m barrett academy of management journal 2001.0 
the automatic generation of test cases for optimizing fortran compilers cj burgess m saidi information and software technology 1996.0 
biodegradation of polyglycolic acid in bone tissue : an experimental study on rabbits s vainionpã $ ã $ archives of orthopaedic and trauma surgery 1986.0 
opportunity and impediment in graduate program innovation p albrecht new directions for higher education 1984.0 
trends for the information technology industry g wiederhold   
analysis of n-dimensional quadtrees using the hausdorff fâ ?? ractal dimension v gaede hu zu berlin s str   
the primacy of values and ideologies in human services evaluation w wolfensberger new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
hydraulic characteristics of soilsaprolite profiles from north carolina piedmont gg simpson proc . 29th meeting of the soil sci . soc. north carolina  
the adoption of groupware in organizations : the portuguese case m lousã # a sarmento a machado actas do portland international conference on management & hellip ;  
distributive and procedural justice : combined impact of â ?? voiceâ ?? and improvement on experienced r folger journal of personality and social psychology  
integrating history and the art of larry rivers d turner social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
digitalized signatures and public key functions as intractable as intractable as factorization mo rabin  1979.0 
integrated syst d manual eng. zurich switzerland  
shen . lower-bound time-complexity analysis of logic programs fba king proc . int . symp . ilps  
a measure of trading model performance with a risk component mm dacorogna ua muller ov pictet   
liver biopsy is essential in anti-hcv ( + ) renal transplant patients irrespective of liver function j boletis j delladetsima e psimenou i vafiadi transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
statistical power analysis for behavioral sciences ( rev. ed . ) academic press j cohen san diego ca  
mutated query plans v papadimos d maier information and software technology  
a convexity property of eigenvalues with applications w becker c kenig j pipher submitted for  
heuristic approach for generic audio segmentation and annotation tzccj kuo proc . acm  
metropolis : an integrated electronic system design environment f balarin   
conjugacy graphs with an application to imbedding metric graphs h bowman m schultz   
modeling foreign exchange markets : stock versus flow je pippenger   
managing structure in bits & pieces : the killer use case for xml e sedlar proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
analysis of directional spreading of wave energy with special reference to indian coast . v sanilkumar  1999.0 
stabilization of path-following interior point methods for linear programming vv kovacevic-vujcic proceedings of ix conference on applied mathematics d. & hellip ;  
analysis of object retrieval performance from optical disks s christodoulakis acm trans . database syst  
stochastic continuum presentation of fractured rock permeability as an alternative to rev and sp neuman proc . 28th us symposium on rock mechanics brookfield vt  
a non-discrete approach to the evolution of information filtering trees e bonsma bt technology journal 2000.0 
themathematicallanguageautomath its usageand some of its extensions ng de bruijn symposium on automatic  
description and analysis of infrasound and seismic signals recorded from the watusi explosive j bhattacharyya he bass dp drob rw whitaker do   
flotation of fine coke particles from fly ash m niewiadomski j hupka r bokotko jd miller   
a review of the technologies for mapping within-field variability rj godwin pch miller   
optimal and adaptive testing for software reliability assessment ky cai yc li k liu information and software technology 2004.0 
heterogeneous database query optimization in db2 universal datajoiner s venkataraman t zhang vldb 1998.0 
a performance study of query optimization algorithms on a database system supporting procedures a jhingran vldb 1988.0 
csma/pdcr : a random access protocol without priority inversion j turiel j marinero j gonzã ¡ lez procs . of annualconference of the ieee industrial & hellip ;  
relationships among solar activity sep occurrence frequency and solar energetic particle event ra nymmik   
multigranularity locking in multiple job classes transaction processing system h kong sigmod record 1995.0 
earlyexperiencewithmessage-passingontheshrimp multicomputer ew felten rd alpert a bilas ma blumrich dw proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on computer & hellip ;  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?rule languages and internal algebras for rule-based optimizers '' m cherniak sb zdonik proceedings of the sigmodconference on management of data & hellip ;  
speaker recognition based on subspace method y ariki k doi proc . icslp  
concepts in care . consensus conference on the use of aerosolized antibiotics in cystic fibrosis cf foundation md  
the report on child prostitution as a form of forced labor : a non-governmental organization l saikaew  1996.0 
query-by-example : the invocation and definition of tables and forms : in douglas s. kerr editor m zloof proceedings on the international conference on very large  
circadian physiology r refinetti  2000.0 
double standard jc dvorak pc  
picodbms : scaling down database techniques for the smartcard p pucheral l bouganim p valduriez c bobineau the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
evaluation utilization revisited mf smith new directions for program evaluation 1988.0 
one-to-one faculty development p elbow new directions for teaching and learning : no  
a. humus origin chemical composition and importance in nature ; williams and wikins : baltimore s waksman md  
dp-47-85 rpc concrete demonstration project program federal highway & hellip ;  
carey and al. shoring up persistent applications sb davidson as koskym proc . acm sigmod symp . on the management of data  
the influence of age and gender on affect physiology and their interrelations : a study of long - rw levenson ll carstensen jm gottman journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
the complexity of ordering subgoals jd ullman my vardi proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1988.0 
psychoanalytic studies ofthe personality wrd fairbairn i vistock  
model for the toughness of epoxy-rubber particulate composite ff lange phil . mag  
attributional style in depression : a meta-analytic review pd sweeney k anderson s bailey journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
down in the digits : year 2000 conversion techniques m franke mc gehr application development trends 1997.0 
hybridization in certain brazilian fringillidae ( sporophila and oryzoborus ) h sick proc . int . ornithol . congr  
variable width splines : a possible font representation ? rv klassen   
core based trees ( cbt ) an architecture for scalable inter-domain multicast routing t ballardie p francis j crowcroft   
pool combustion behavior of liquid sodium s futagami m nishimura k kawada h ishikawa s proceedings in 36th japanese symposium on combustion d  
distribution of 137 cs reserves in the techa floodplain in the region of muslyumovo village ap govorun av chesnokov sb shcherbak at . energ  
foreword f briggs bt technology journal 1997.0 
tappi pulp . conf rw allison kg mcgrouther d lachenal c de  1994.0 
s. lang ks moere av staadt o. : blue-c : a spatially immersive display and 3d video portal for m gross s wuermlin m naef e lamboray c spagno proceedings of acm  
computer-supported meeting environment for collaborative software development e kuwana e yana y sakamoto y nakamura k information and software technology 1996.0 
action potential transfer at the purkinje-ventricular junction : role of transitional cells ao verkerk mw veldkamp acg van ginneken r   
proxy prex caching for multimedia streams s subhabrata j rexford d towsley cmpsci technical report 98-27 university of massachusetts  
generating diagram editors from formal specifications f arefi mt milani information and software technology 1992.0 
decomposition-a strategy for query proce . ssmg e wong k youssefi acm trans . database syst . 1 3 ( sept. 1979 )  
the lowering of fracture-stress due to surface adsorption nj petch phil . mag  
women in the information technology industry : a western australian view loâ ?? neill-cooper ea walker proceedings of the 14 thecis 2001 conference 25-26 june  
black . scheduling support for concurrency and parallelism in the mach operating system l david ieee computer  
a review of data mining techniques sj lee k siau   
an organizational-economic blueprint for information technology outsourcing : concepts and evidence l loh proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
automated extraction of music snippets l lu hj zhang   
voluntary national content standards in economics : 20 enduring concepts and benchmarks for l engstrom b meszaros social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
xl : an xml programming language for web service specification and composition d florescu a gruenhagen d kossmann computer networks 2003.0 
encouraging self-assessment : writing as active learning eh hobson new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
agricultural development policies in the african farming areas of zimbabwe lm zinyama geography  
essays on theoretical and applied econometrics sm sherlund  2003.0 
the theory of joins in relational databases av ah c beeri jd ullman acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
automatic detection of ã?goalã ? segments in basketball videos s nepal u srinivasan g reynolds proc . acm multimedia  
ip flow identification for ip traffic carried over switched networks a john ra copeland lb keith computer networks  
research methods in education l cohen l manion   
using lightweight checkpoint/recovery to improve the availability and designability of shared memory dj sorin  2002.0 
automated discovery of scoped memory regions for real-time java m deters r cytron   
colony stimulating factor and the regulation of granulopoiesis and macrophage production er stanley g hansen j woodcock d metcalf fed proc 1975.0 
dynamic geography of marine fish populations washington sea grant program ad mccall  1990.0 
pc come home . w flanagan pc magazine december  
neural networks in antennas and microwaves : a practical approach z raida   
late unstable wares plague is projects w brandel computerworld  
foreword pb domorski bt technology journal 2000.0 
the race for bandwidth : understanding data transmission c lu  1998.0 
design and implementation of a tcp/ip core for reconfigurable logic c kachris  2001.0 
globally optimising formant tracker using generalised centroids a crowe ma jack electronic letters  
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles proc n bechmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger acm sigmod  
race and evolutionary theory : differences in models of self-perceived physical attractiveness for tj wade unpublished manuscript  
national cancer institute seer cancer statistics review 1973â ?? 1995 . bethesda lag ries cl kosary bf hankey md  
advanced separation of concerns j brichau m glandrup s clarke l bergmans lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
severe steroid-responsive nephrosis associated with hypersensitivity dh sandberg cw bernstein rm mcintosh r carr j lancet i 1977.0 
upconversion spectrometry for astrophysical applications t kostiuk m abbas kw ogilvie m mumma & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
dans james clifford et roger king editeurs j richardson p schwarz proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference  
automated design and optimization of management information system software ph. d th m morgenstern  1976.0 
the moral philosopher looks at values education . wa banner new directions for higher education 1980.0 
alkylation of iridium via tandem carbon-hydrogen bond activation/decarbonylation of aldehydes . pj alaimo ba arndtsen rg bergman acc . chem . res 1995.0 
comparative tolerance of adolescents of differing ethnic backgrounds to lactose containing and ph kwon m rorick ns scrimshaw unpublished  
aries/kvl : a key-value locking method for concurrency control of multiaction transactions operating c mohan vldb 1990.0 
mining conserved xml query paths for dynamic-conscious caching q zhao ss bhowmick proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
a nanotechnology-based approach to data storage e eleftheriou p baechtold g cherubini a vldb 2003.0 
peer to peer streaming media delivery d stolarz   
research directions in object-oriented databases w kim proc . of the 9th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ;  
mccanne . amodel analysis and protocol framework for soft state-based communication s ramanands proc . of acm  
da higgins and pf barbara dav bout j kerimo acc . chem . res  
standard for multimedia databases jr smith proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2001.0 
bus : an effective indexing and retrieval scheme in structured documents d shin h jin   
internal fixation versus arthroplasty for intracapsular proximal femoral fractures in adults m masson mj parker s fleischer cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
a new relevance for multimedia when we record everything personal g bell proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
nonlinear interactions and wave run-up near a gbs e jamois o kimmoun b molin y stassen proc . 29th int . conf . coastal engineering ( this conference ) . & hellip ;  
organization and management of the evaluation function in a multilevel organization ma abramson js wholey new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
, b. and widmayer p. 1997 . a generic approach to bulk loading multidimensional index structures v den bercken proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very  
les â ?? heliconsâ ?? dans les semiconducteurs p aigrain proc . int . conf . seniconductor physics  
cabergoline versus bromocriptine for levodopa-induced complications in parkinsonâ ?? s disease ce clarke kd deane cochrane database syst . rev 2001.0 
quick studyâ ?? smart cards : standards are the next frontier for smart cards ks nash computerworld  
gastrointestinal absorption of drugs in patients with cardiac failure lz benet a greither w meister see ref  
the fourth text retrieval conference ( trec-4 ) . national institute of standards and technology d harman md  
executing pascal programs on a prolog architecture g chen mh williams information and software technology 1987.0 
incremental computation of nested relational query expressions l baekgaard l mark acm transactions on database systems 1995.0 
controllership the work of the managerial accountant jd willson jm roehl-anderson sm bragg  1995.0 
altruism and the decision to vote : explaining and testing high voter turnout . r jankowski unpublished manuscript 2004.0 
system capacity with transmit diversity techniques in geran . f kronestad k zangi d hui m eriksson c ieee vehic . tech . conf . vtc2001 athens greece spring  
type-checking oql queries in the odmg type systems s alagic acm transactions on database systems 1999.0 
disabled-2 gene inactivation by homozygous deletion in breast and ovarian tumors z fazili z sheng w sun c cohen le mendez ir  2001.0 
asymmetric fingerprinting for larger collusions in â ?? 4th acm conference on computer and b pfitzmann m waidner zurich switzerland  
the mathematical pamphlets of charles lutwidge dodgson and related pieces edited by ff abeles cl dodgson md  
temperature field in the coolant at the entrance into a vvã?r -440 core sa tsymbalov av kraiko at .  
requirement engineering apnp rolland p negoro information and software technology 1999.0 
cyberinfrastructure for r links b informatics b informatics   
equipment utilities and improvements s vegetation prior  
end-users searching the online catalogue : the influence of domain and system knowledge on search md kiestra electronic library 1994.0 
j. casegeoâ ?? a case tool for conceptual modeling and database schemas automatic generation using gis ma pereira l filho procs . of gisbrasil  
go green : recycle and reuse frequent patterns g cong bc ooi kl tan akh tung data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
mining fuzzy quantitative association rules w zhang   
the ecology of fishes on coral reefs : academic press pf sale san diego ca  
ã ¬ improving round-trip time estimates in reliable transport protocolsã ® p karn c partridge acm sigcomm proceedings  
engineering 2001 o design  2001.0 
enhanced simulator takes on bus-structured logic h levin electronic design  
somatology of the child n exarchopoulos  1931.0 
brain enzyme histochemistry following stabilization by microwave irradiation e marani p bolhuis me boon the histochemical journal 1988.0 
delayed toxicity following ingestion of enteric-coated divalproex sodium ( epival ) - biochemical jr brubacher p dahghani d mcknight journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
leadersâ ?? opinions of elements in establishing a high-performing people-centered culture kl davis  2001.0 
performance comparison criteria for atm switch models m becker al beylot computer networks 2000.0 
unilateral contact applications using fem software me stavroulaki ge stavroulakis   
transformation of divide & conquer to nested parallel loops ca herrmann c lengauer lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
guardian : a knowledge-based home-health-care system for children with leukemia my kim proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
bank of america case study : the information currency advantage f carino m jahnke vldb 1998.0 
a fast signature scheme based on quadratic equations h ong cp schnorr a shamir proc . 16th acm symp . theory of computing  
learning communities curricular reform and the future . f gabelnick j macgregor rs matthews bl smith new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
age-related reactive oxygen damage caspase activation and nuclear condensation in hippocampal gj brewer jr torricelli a lim submitted for publication  
cover story : realidade virtual l von schweber e von schweber pc magazine brasil  
transforming e-knowledge a revolution in the sharing of knowledge ( 2003 ) d norris j mason p lefrere   
cost-reduced cable delivery for the 21st century aj mayhew dj stockton bt technology journal 1998.0 
a case study for redundant arrays of inexpensive disks da patterson ga gibson rh katz proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf  
heuristics for planning and presenting effective certificate programs . bd bratton new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
m-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metric spaces p ciaccia vldb 1997.0 
a taxonomy of wireless micro-sensor network models s tilak nb abu-ghazaleh w heinzelman   
evaluation of gritting strategies for high angle of attack using wind tunnel and flight test data rm hall ge erickson ch fox jr dw banks df   
snap-together visualization : a user interface for coordinating visualization for relational schemata c north b shneiderman conference proceedings of acm advanced visual interfaces  
functional invariant sets for semilinear dissipative wave equations on ir n ni karachalios nm stavrakakis   
sensate mediaâ ?? multimodal electronic skins as dense sensor networks ja paradiso j lifton m broxton bt technology journal 2004.0 
confidence of agreement among multiple lvcsr models and model combination by svm ieeexplore.ieee.org   
the value of dynamic enhanced mri in the early diagnosis of hip pain in patients having received cf tan ps yen hf wong kk ng yl wan transplantation proceedings 2001.0 
denotational semantics operational semantics and partial correctness for an algol-like language ba trakhtenbrot jy halpern ar meyer techn . report laboratory for computer science mit  
datajoiner : a practical approach to multi-database access p gupta e lin parallel and distributed information systems 1994. & hellip ;  
systematic synthesis of analogue circuits-part i notation and synthesis toolbox dg haigh pm radmore procs 2004 ieee  
impact of work teams on manufacturing performance : a longitudinal field study rd banker jm field rg schroeder kk sinha the academy of management journal 1996.0 
the dynamical theory of electron diffraction and its application to some surface problems jm harding phil . mag  
verfahrenstechnik ( mainzl / wd einenkel a mersmann   
tiered approach for evaluating sediment quality at multiple coastal and riverine dredging projects ar turner water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
incremental maintenance of graph structured views y zhuge h garcia-molina technical report { stanford university http://www-db . stanford .  
measurement program success factors revisited f niessink h vliet information & software technology 2001.0 
coma : panel discussion d malaise study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
efficient on-the-fly data race detection in multithreaded c++ programs e pozniansky a schuster   
robbers marshals and guards : game theoretic and logical characterizations of hypertree width g gottlob n leone f scarcello   
growth monitoring in children r panpanich p garner cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
how quality contributes consumer satisfaction : a preliminary study to investigate how hotel h nadiri 6th international conference : quality management and & hellip ;  
kentucky ( cd-rom c2001 by intellectual reserve inc. ) '' us census l county electronic '' ed  
chemtracts-org . chem. 1989 2 151 k mislow acc . chem . res  
parallel program debugging with on-the-y anomaly detection r hood k kennedy j mellor-crummey proceedings of supercomputing  
online communities : they canâ ?? t happen without thought and hard work m honey electronic learning  
incorporating xsl processing into database engines g moerkotte   
the design and evaluation of a query processing architecture for sensor networks sr madden  2003.0 
schrodinger operators hl cycon rg froese w kirsch b simon  1987.0 
why do south korean students study hard ? reflections on paik 's study y hwang international journal of educational research 2001.0 
etal 1998 a & a supp j bloom press ( procs . rome conference on  
on the performance of object clustering techniques mm tsangaris jf naughton   
defining the miao n diamond see harrell  
on the power of canonical queries mh graham ao mendelzon unpublished manuscript  
international migrations argentina vol i ferenczi w wilcox i statistics nber  
autodep-facilitating deposition to the protein data bank through the new web-based submission form dr stampf ee abola no manning d xue jl sussman 17th iucr congress and general assembly seattle washington & hellip ;  
response to nc rowe 's review b shneiderman acm sigmod record 1982.0 
velocimetry in gas flows using pulsed laser induced photothermal effects ( abstract only ) jp vattulainen r hernberg oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
iterative multi-step explicit camera calibrationâ ?? computer vision ( iccv98 ) j batista bombay india january  
inserting and deleting records in blocked sequential files de willard submitted for  
towards a computational theory of discourse interpretation bj grosz ak joshi s weinstein unpublished manuscript  
syncope as an emergency department presentation of pulmonary embolism-current evaluation and tr wolfe tl allen journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
factors that influence career uncertainty in high school students lm schmidt  2001.0 
design concepts for the california extremely large telescope ( celt ) je nelson proc .  
universal contentâ ?? extracting the essence o draper d beaumont bt technology journal 2000.0 
surgical glove lubricants : from toxicity to opportunity ja woods rf morgan fh watkins rf edlich journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
hiding data accesses in steganographic file system x zhou hh pang kl tan data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
what 's ahead for embedded software ? ea lee   
understanding the performance of many tcp flows l qiu y zhang s keshav computer networks 2001.0 
psychological development : becoming a person pm reeves new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
short period group velocity measurements and maps in central asia al levshin   
kinship in west punjabi villages h alavi contributions to indian sociology  
xylem structure and the ascent of sap mh zimmermann  1983.0 
becoming a faculty developer s wilcox new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
automotive transducers : an overview mh westbrook & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1988.0 
inc. 9363 towne centre drive o technologies san diego  
leadership training . bl kaye am scheele new directions for higher education 1975.0 
s-plus 2000 guide to statistics : mathsoft i mathsoft inc. seattle washington  
submission and repository management of digital libraries using www g karvounarakis s kapidakis computer networks 2000.0 
â ?? characterisation of 210 ghz pulsed gaas impatt diode â ?? c benz j freyer proc . 29th europ . microwave conference mã 1/4 nchen  
pressure corrections for potential flow analysis of capillary of two viscous fluids j wang dd joseph t funada  2004.0 
the implementation of the suggestive selling training program for the employees of the xyz resort t mccomb  1999.0 
the rate of absorption of a pure gas into a still liquid during short periods of exposure r higbie  1935.0 
â ?? representing campesinas-indä ± g : gendered networks of advocacy indigenous organization and video . l smith conference paper association of american geographers new & hellip ;  
a simple bounded disorder file organization with good performance db lomet acm transactions on database systems 1988.0 
if you are not a premier customer isatyown risk   
an efficient algorithm for heap storage allocation cb weinstock wa wulf acm sigplan notices 1988.0 
derived relations : a unified mechanism for views snapshots and distributed data me adiba vldb 1981.0 
continuously adaptive continuous queries over streams s madden ma shah jm hellerstein   
modular program construction using abstractions computation structures group memo 184 b liskov  1979.0 
general systems theory-the skeleton of science ke boulding management science 1956.0 
eule2 : a knowledge-based system for supporting office work u reimer a margelisch b novotny t vetterli acm siggroup bulletin 1998.0 
keynote address : access to data in nasa 's earth observing system j dozier proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
religious competitions and the spread of alternative spirituality in comtemporary brazil rt carpenter  2001.0 
robinson-schensted procedure and combinatorial properties of geometric order in ( n ) a melnikov cras i  
the bucky object-relational benchmark mj carey sigmod rec 1997.0 
an on-the-fly mark and sweep garbage collector based on sliding views h azatchi y levanoni h paz e petrank   
implementation concepts for an extensible data model and data language ds batory ty leung te wise acm transactions on database systems 1988.0 
a survey of logical models for olap databases p vassiliadis tk sellis sigmod record 1999.0 
constrained nearest neighbor queries h ferhatosmanoglu i stanoi d agrawal   
homotopy equivalences of 3-manifolds with boundaries k johannson  1979.0 
experimental modeling and field study of transtensional folding [ ms thesis ] : madison m venkat-ramani university of wisconsin  
standard and reference materials for use in marine science national oceanic and atmospheric ay cantillo md  
stack database model/view of multimedia data af cã ¡ rdenas pa michael bs islam   
esda : virtual prototypes aid complex system design t david electronic engineering  
minimum weight honeycomb core composite sandwich panels subjected to in-plane shear loads jr vinson proceedings of the 23rd annual society of engineering & hellip ;  
xml-based flexible visualisation of networks : visual browser z neverilova p sojka  2005.0 
an empirical study of the effect of knowledge integration on software development projects a tiwana information and software technology  
water safety j lassman journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
demography and cultural evolution : why adaptive cultural processes produced maladaptive losses in j henrich unpublished manuscript  
technical opinion barriers to effective use of knowledge management systems in software engineering kc desouza communications-acm 2003.0 
plasma : a planetary scale monitoring architecture d aksoy proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
measuring and optimizing a system for persistent database sessions rs barga db lomet & hellip ; 2001 . proceedings . 17th international conference on 2001.0 
parent-mediated early intervention for young children with autism spectrum disorder t diggle hr mcconachie vr randle cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
a technique to analyze information-flow in object-oriented programs b li information and software technology 2003.0 
hot action at work : a different understanding ofâ ?? understandingâ ?? d beckett new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
building xml application in rich detailed genealogical information j lu m scaramuzza information & software technology 2003.0 
on the recognition and design of acyclic databases ad ` atri m moscarini proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
a novel variance estimator for turbo-code decoding mc reed j asenstorfer   
eutrophication of lakes and reservoirs in the united kingdom : causes effects and controls t harris geography  
operative therapiemã ¶ glichkeiten des knorpelschadens ac burkart pb schoettle ab imhoff der unfallchirurg 2001.0 
performance analysis of finitebuffered multistage interconnection networks c evequoz tech . report ecole polytechnique de montreal canada june 1994  
good : agraph-oriented object database system m gemis j paredaens i thyssens   
narcissism : theory and measurement ra emmons journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
parallel optical links move data at 3 gbits/s d bursky electronic  
yahoo! store . n randall pc  
a spatially and temporally coherent visibility algorithm . technical memorandum tm-546 s coorg s teller  1996.0 
a new general triangulation method for planar contours s ganapathy tg dennehy acm siggraph computer graphics 1982.0 
despite capacity outlays fabless vendors still fret a cataldo electronic news  
a global unique persistent object id for geospatial information sharing in interoperating geographic ya bishr zurich switzerland . springer-verlag .  
sprechspiele fã 1/4 r deutsch als fremdsprache hueber ismaning 1993 l prange   
database techniques for the world -- wide web . . a survey f daniela l alon m alberto sigmod record  
experimental study on carrying shear force ratio of 12-storey coupled shear wall [ a ] s kenichi t masaomi k makoto m yoshiyuki procs . of 12th wceeauckland new zealand  
0 . shmueli '' transforming cyclic schemas into trees n goodman proc . first  
epidemiology and zoonotic aspects of microsporidia of mammals and birds p deplazes a mathis r weber contributions to microbiology 2000.0 
a semifilter approach to selection principles ii : ï?â ?? - covers l zdomsky   
the island fox : a field study of its behavior and ecology ll laughrin  1977.0 
emulation of ad-hoc networks on ieee 802.11 f kubinszky  2000.0 
andez . schema mapping as query discovery r miller l haas m hern proc . of vldb  
oxytocin for prelabour rupture of membranes at or near term bp tan me hannah cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
managing risk e greenberg pc magazine  
stress-activated signalling pathways in yeast wm toone n jones genes to cells 1998.0 
additional resources ek ikeda new directions for higher education 2001.0 
the map of neuronal signal substances in flatworms mks gustafsson m reuter proc . int . conf . neurobiol goa india  
locally weighted learning for control cg atkeson aw moore s schaal artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
building on rock rather than sand m hogg sm bouch mfg smeaton bt technology journal 2001.0 
effective theorem proving for hardware verification d cyrluk s rajan n shankar mk srivas lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
on work-hardening in ordered alloys ae vidoz lm brown phil . mag  
in vitro proteinâ ?? polysaccharide conjugation : tyrosinase-catalyzed conjugation of gelatin and t chen hd embree   
probabilistic primality tests a bektaå ?  2005.0 
future considerations jp pappas j jerman new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
national cancer institute-sponsored working group guidelines for chronic lymphocytic leukemia : bd cheson blood-new york - 1996.0 
topic focus and the grammar pragmatics interface jk gundel   
current status of the usaf bird avoidance model ( bam ) rp defusco   
design of data warehouses using metadata [ j ] l wua l millera s nilakantab information and software technology  
commands as media : design and implementation of a command stream jl herlocker ja konstan proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
accuracy analysis of the semi-analytical method for shape sensitivity b barthelemy rt haftka proc . aiaa/asme/asce / asc 29th structures structural & hellip ;  
effects of ethnic group cultural differences on cooperative and competitive behavior on a group task th cox sa lobel pl mcleod the academy of management journal 1991.0 
evaluation : the web white and blue network 2000 a lupia san diego  
s. abiteboul . and h. garcia-hlolina . object fusion in mediator systems y papakonstantinou proceedings of the end internationul conference on l ã ¨ ry  
shadow play : the fabled menace of punitive damages m galanter wisconsin law review 1998.0 
sound off ! is erp in trouble ? if this is trouble where can i get some j shepherd computerworld  
homing of black bears in the great smoky mountains national park le beeman mr pelton international conference on bear research and management  
evolving orbit : a progress report on building locales t mansfield s kaplan g fitzpatrick t phelps m proceedings 1997.0 
is service priority useful in networks l braslau s shenker proceedings of acm sigmetrics  
database model integration using the structural model '' r elmasri g wiederhold proceedings of the the acm-sigmod  
route panoramas for city navigation jy zheng m shi m kato proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
tappi pulp . conf s wang h chang h jameel  1994.0 
paths of a generation : a comparative longitudinal study of young adults in the former soviet union . m titma nb tuma  1995.0 
applications of the backpropagation algorithm to an information retrieval system r layaida a caron proceedings of the riao â ?? 94 ( rechenche dâ ?? information & hellip ;  
all-out search . a singh d lidsky pc magazine  
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia c faloutsos ki lin md  
data envelopment analysis : critique and extensions tr sexton rh silkman aj hogan new directions for program evaluation 1986.0 
optimal weight assignment for signature generation cwr leng dl lee acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
programming distributed applications with com and microsoft visual basic 6.0 t pattison  1998.0 
reconstruction and representation of 3d objects with radial basis functions jcc rkb jb cherrie tj mitchell wr fright bc mc proceedings of acm siggraph 2001  
daffe/clp/wp3 / wd ( 2001 ) 5 r by italy   
compressed accessibility map : efficient access control for xml . t yu d srivastava lvs lakshmanan hv jagadish vldb 2002.0 
monte carlo techniques for direct lighting calculations p shirley c wang k zimmerman acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 1996.0 
challenges in web search engines mr henzinger r motwani c silverstein acm sigir forum 2002.0 
a 2ghz 17 tuning range quadrature cmos vco with high figure-of-merit and 0.6 â ? ¦ phase error p andreani proc . essirc  
the alkali-treatment of the mucilage of gracilaria verrucosa s tagawa y kojima proc . int . seaweed symp  
intra-specific variation in rhinichtys c. cataractae ( valenciennes ) and rhinichthys atratulus gc becker  1962.0 
estimating a kernel fisher discriminant in the presence of label noise nd lawrence b scholkopf   
sociocultural contexts of learning among adults with disabilities jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
toward innovation and diversity in management research methods jm bartunek p bobko n venkatraman the academy of management journal 1993.0 
isozymes of cytochrome p-450 that metabolize naphthalene in liver and lung of untreated mice k nagata bm martin jr gillette ha sasame   
performance analysis of the two-dimensional polynomial phase difference operator algorithm jm francos b friedlander submitted for  
routing and admission control in general topology networks r gawlick a kamath s plotkinâ ? ¦   
profile : evaluation of coastal management plans with a spatial model : mississippi delta louisiana jayf martin environmental management 2000.0 
automatic reconstruction of concept models by using a digital photogrammetric measurement system â ?? p krzystek f petran h schewe iaprs zurich switzerland  
developing community through experiential education s rubin new directions for higher education 2000.0 
a change in the density of [ ( 3 ) h ] flumazenil but not [ ( 3 ) h ] muscimol binding b dean g pavey m mcleod k opeskin n keks d brodmann &#39; s area  
what microsoft could learn from us vs. ibm g anthes   
oral treatment of carnitine myopathy gp hosking npc cavanagh dpl smyth j wilson lancet i 1977.0 
performance analysis of file organizations that use multibucket data leaves with partial expansions g matsliach acm transactions on database systems 1993.0 
wheelbase filtering and automobile suspension tuning for minimizing motions in pitch rs sharp proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
recent bt patents rj briscoe bt technology journal 2000.0 
preprocessing perceptrons and multivariate reference values p eklund l kallin westin  2003.0 
distributed pagerank computation based on iterative aggregation-disaggregation methods y zhu s ye x li proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
applying the standards : continuity and change . teacher 's resources . ph porter social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
on twisted tensor products of algebras ( mimeographed ) johns hopkins univ. baltimore v gugenheim md  
rec . 16th ieee photovoltaic specialists conf a rothwarf san diego  
seeking outside help to facilitate renewal efforts . r hahn new directions for higher education 1985.0 
microsoft quickbasic programmer 's toolbox jc craig microsoft  
donâ ?? t scrap it wrap it ! a wrapper architecture for legacy sources mt roth p schwarz proceedings of vldb conference  
caring and paying : what fathers and mothers say about child support f see furstenberg k sherwood m sullivan  1992.0 
emergency pe . troleum production capacity outside the persian gulf l pittinger  1980.0 
supersaturation for ramsey-turan problems d mubayi v rodl   
on using orthogonal functions for the analysis of singular systems w marszalek iee proceedings  
gentrification and uneven development n smith economic geography 1982.0 
cladding with high-power diode lasers a richter s nowotny t naumann e beyer laseropto-stuttgart - 1999.0 
prospective randomized trial of heliox-driven continuous nebulizers in the treatment of asthma in js rose ea panacek p miller journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
nonlinearity in fiber transmission rh stolen  1980.0 
xcerpt and visxcerpt : from pattern-based to visual querying of xml and semistructured data f bry s berger s schaffert proceedings of the 29 thintl . conference on very large & hellip ;  
formal query languages for secure relational databases k smith x qian acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
on the first-order expressibility of recursive queries ss cosmadakis proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1989.0 
interface roughening and pinning s roux a hansen j. phys . i france 1994.0 
feverfew for preventing migraine mh pittler e ernst cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
pryce and hall b bleaney pm llewellyn phil . mag  
j & ungar sg ( 1999 ) a newly emerging customer premises paradigm for delivery of network-based dl waring k kerpez computer  
empirical study of exchange patterns during software peer review meetings pd ` astous pn robillard information & software technology 2002.0 
ã?konomisch - philosophische manuskripte aus dem jahre 1844 k marx mew ergã $ nzungsband  
continuous monitoring of oxygen saturation in prehospital patients with severe illness : the problem gw bota bh rowe journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
le x and related structures as adhesion molecules si hakomori the histochemical journal 1992.0 
self-assessment of performance in software inspection processes z yin a dunsmore j miller information and software technology 2004.0 
linear structural relationships with latent variables : the lisrel model m cadwallader geography 1971.0 
precision tillage : in-field real-time control of seedbed quality aj scarlett jc lowe da semple procs . of  
a comparison of two approaches for simulating lake-ground water interactions with modflow sk nair mm wilsnack proceedings for modflowâ ?? 98  
scsi technology grows up j karney pc magazine 1993.0 
detecting semantic events in soccer games : towards a complete solution v tovinkere rj qian   
precursors to rapid elevations in intracranial pressure j mcnames   
on death taxes and the convergence of peer-to-peer and grid computing i foster a iamnitchi lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
challenges for spoken dialog systems spoken language systems group jr glass  1999.0 
integration definition function modeling ( idef0 ) . software standard modeling techniques . fips pub183 f pub183 md 1983.0 
falling forward : real options reasoning and entrepreneurial failure rg mcgrath the academy of management review 1999.0 
two-dimensional echocardiogram in hemodynamically stable victims of penetrating precordial trauma . m aaland f bryan r sherman journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
on the power of locking ch papadimitriou proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference  
xlang : web services for business process design author s thatte technical report microsoft  
communications services in support of collaborative health care ba bowles r teale bt technology journal 1994.0 
queries and computation on the web s abiteboul v vianu lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
risk assessment methodology for network integrity v mã ³ nton bt technology journal 1997.0 
best approximation in normed linear spaces by elements of linear subspaces i singer  1970.0 
reflections on the graduate student experience : an overview ms anderson jp swazey new directions for higher education 1998.0 
equity in tertiary mathematics : imaging a future r zevenbergen proceedings of the d 1999.0 
multiple access protocols : performance and analysis r rom m sidi  1990.0 
from hopl to hopl-ii ( 1978â ?? 1993 ) : 15 years of programming language development je sammet history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
ttp-a or ault tolerant real-rime systems h kopetz g grunsteidl ieee computer  
general topology jl kelley  1997.0 
m. and navathe sb comparison of methodologies for database schema integration . acm comput . suru . cl batin acm transactions on database systems  
distributed problem solving and planning eh durfee lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
from desktop to data centreâ ?? addressing the oss challenges in the delivery of network-centric ict jp wittgreffe mp dames bt technology journal 2005.0 
milprit : mining interval logic patterns with regular expression constraints s de amo a giacometti ms santana   
design modeling and performance of a high-force piezoelectric inchworm motor tp galante je frank j bernard w chen ga proc . spie 1998.0 
a holocultural analysis of old age a glascock sl feinman see ref  
the exmoor storm and the lynmouth floods c kidson geography 1953.0 
mechanical analysis of kicking e roberts a metcalfe biomechanics i  
flow cytometry vol . 33 methods in cell biology z darzynkiewicz ha crissman san diego  
structure and orientation of molecules chemisorbed on alumina : a tunneling spectroscopy study jt hall ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1978.0 
improving health professionals ' management and the organisation of care for overweight and obese el harvey a glenny sf kirk cd summerbell cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
automatic assignment of icd9 codes to discharge summaries ls larkey wb croft   
community education for older adults . b courtenay new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
numerical solution of two dimensional scattering problems using a transmission line matrix pb johns rl beurle proc . iee  
tree queries a simple class of queries n goodman o snmueli acm trans . database syst  
a semantic approach to correctness of concurrent transaction executions a tuzhilin pg spirakis proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
issues in the history of computing ms mahoney history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
a logical model of trust in electronic commerce yaohua tan electronic markets 2000.0 
the road map to the manual gm garrity jg holt bergey &#39; s manual of systematic bacteriology 2001.0 
a graphical environment for temporal reasoning g kutty  1994.0 
tutorial on federated databases and systems ( part i ) d hsiao the vldb journal  
herbal and dietary therapies for primary and secondary dysmenorrhoea ml wilson pa murphy cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
learning mixtures of bayes networks ( tech . rep. nos . msrâ ?? porâ ?? 97â ?? 30 ) b thiesson c meek dm chickering d heckerman microsoft research  
the valuation effects of equity issues and the level of institutional ownership : evidence from pa brous o kini   
induction of irf-3 / -7 kinase and nf-kappab in response to double-stranded rna and virus infection : t iwamura m yoneyama k yamaguchi w suhara w genes to cells 2001.0 
why involve commuter students in learning ? b jacoby new directions for higher education 2000.0 
surface characterization of coated powders with xps : al 2 o 3-sio 2 coated tio 2 pigments ( abstract l johansson oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
new approach to adt specification support based on reuse of similar adt by the application of case - p termsinsuwan z cheng n shiratori information and software technology 1996.0 
interrelations of autecological characteristics of prairie herbs . je butler  1954.0 
reasoning about functional dependencies generalized for semantic data models . to appear ge weddell acm transactions on database systems  
efficient optimization of a class of relational expeessions av ah y sagiv jd ullman acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
applications of dbms to land information systems . 7th internat a frank conf . on very large data bases cannes ( france )  
randomization in privacy-preserving data mining av evfimievski   
intelligent support for epidemiological research through an organizational memory information system f burstein h linger a zaslavsky n crofts c   
model-based reasoning for complex flight systems m balduccini m gelfond   
gagarinskii â ?? emission of radionucldies from the damaged unit of the chernobyl nuclear power plant aa borovoi at . energ  
efi working paper no17 joensuu finland fpt flows   
pen computing : a technology overview and a vision a meyer acm sigchi bulletin 1995.0 
storage and retrieval of xml data using relational databases s chaudhuri k shim data engineering 2003 . proceedings . 19th international & hellip ; 2003.0 
induction motor fault detection via passive current monitoring gb kliman j stein proc . int . conf . electric machines  
young citizens : partners in classroom management d metzger social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
range sum queries in dynamic olap data cubes hg li tw ling sy lee zx loh cooperative database systems for advanced applications 2001 & hellip ; 2001.0 
the implications of online investing p konana nm menon s balasubramanian communications-acm 2000.0 
developing a personal and professional agenda for change . e hayes new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
le pas plus favorise-t-il l'emploi ? : rã © sultat de l'ajout de services aux incitatifs financiers du ideas.repec.org   
j. and smith d ssi smith & hellip ; abstraction : aggregation and generalization . acm tods  
nature of diamond coat m seal phil . mag  
fertility transition in india : problems and prospects kb pathak bs singh the family welfare programme in india bombay : vikas & hellip ;  
security of statistical databases : multidimensional transformation jan schlijrer u ulm w germany acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
digital library for authors : recent progress of the networked digital library of theses and c phanouriou na kipp o sornil p mather ea fox   
graphpad software ii biostatistics san diego  
surface plasmons on smooth and rough surfaces and on gratings h raether  1988.0 
avoiding non-termination in unification grammars c samuelss procs . 4th int . workshop on natural language understanding  
incremental maintenance of externally materialized views m staudt m jarke vldb 1996.0 
dynamics of proteins structure ja macammon m karplus acc . chem . res  
prima-a dbms prototype supporting engineering applications pm stocker w. kent t hã $ rder k meyer-wegener b mitschang a sikeler proc . 13th vldb conf. brighton uk morgan kaufmann & hellip ;  
harts : a distributed real-time architecture s kg ieee computer  
relationship of rickettsial physiology and composition to the rickettsia-host cell interaction fe austin hh winkler see ref  
c++ c ansi   
leveraging collective knowledge h kon m hoey proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
the next generation motor control methodâ ?? direct torque control dtc p pohjalainen p tiitinen j lalu proceedings of the  
0 . kennard and r fh allen taylor acc . chem . res  
on the crispations of a fluid resting upon a vibrating support l rayleigh phil . mag  
doc . com : a framework for effective negotiation support in electronic marketplaces m schoop c quix computer networks 2001.0 
new office : more than you bargained for . ml marcus computerworld. 1983.0 
performance in planningâ ?? smart systems for the access network de asumu j mellis bt technology journal 1998.0 
a support vector machine with a hybrid kernel and minimal vapnik-chervonenkis dimension y tan j wang knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
differential roles of gata-1 and gata-2 in growth and differentiation of mast cells h harigae s takahashi n suwabe h ohtsu l gu z genes to cells 1998.0 
workflow management through distributed and persistent corba workflow objects m weske lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
an observation on database buffering performance metrics rb hagmann vldb 1986.0 
dfg-abschluã ? bericht zur groã?sã $ ugerfauna aus dem geiã?enklã ¶ sterle s mã 1/4 nzel unpublished manuscript  
rethinking risk financing s re  1996.0 
ethanol-induced alterations in electroencephalographic activity in adult males hl cohen b porjesz h begleiter neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
irisnet : an architecture for internet-scale sensing services s nath a deshpande y ke pb gibbons b karp s proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
the effects of a gradient of nutrient additions on levels of primary producers and consumers in sk roll  1998.0 
r. narasayya . autoadmin ` whatif ` index analysis utility s chaudhuriandv proc . of acm sigmod  
the processing strategy for the nf 2 relational frc-interface t niemi k jã $ rvelin information & software technology 1996.0 
retrieval performance versus disc space utilization on worm optical discs s christodoulakis da ford acm sigmod record 1989.0 
the flash protocol m heinrich technical report stanford university flash group  
consistency and transactions in cad database t neumann c hornung vldb 1982.0 
2531 to 2536 office of reference materials nist gaithersburg ne srms   
contemporary deontology n davis a companion to ethics  
learned helplessness in children : a longitudinal study of depression achievement and explanatory s nolen-hoeksema js girgus mep seligman journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
detection and imaging of moving objects with synthetic aperture radar s barbarossa iee proceedings-f 1992.0 
numerical integration of bem singular integrals g criscuolo   
a cross-country investigation of the determinants of scope of e-commerce use : an institutional jl gibbs kl kraemer electronic markets 2004.0 
heterogemeous integration of biomimetic acoustic microsystems andreas g. andreou david h. goldberg g camvenberghs   
womenâ ?? s involvement in multiple roles and psychological distress rc barnett gk baruch journal of personality and social psychology 1985.0 
â ?? notes on the absorption and scattering of x-rays and the characteristic radiation of j-series cg barkla mp white phil . mag  
a reference architecture for integrating heterogeneous information sources using xml and agent model n arch-int   
alias : an active learning led interactive deduplication system s sarawagi a bhamidipaty a kirpal c mouli vldb 2002.0 
experimental study of inlet lips designed to create a uniform exit velocity profile ( abstract only ) p steranka proceedings : techfest 17 p 25 ( see n 91-18004 10-01 ) 1991.0 
chapter 2 : models modelling and the design of the study s ransdell c hawkins r adams international journal of educational research  
comparative analysis of the self-incompatibility ( s - ) locus region of prunus mume : identification of t entani m iwano h shiba fs che a isogai s genes to cells 2003.0 
survey of robot lawn mowers ii hicks proceedings of the spie 2000.0 
issues in large-vocabulary interactive speech systems dj attwater sj whittaker bt technology journal 1996.0 
agency costs and the oversight of charitable organizations ga manne wisconsin law review 1999.0 
thecomparativeaccuraciesofglobalpositioningsystemdierentialpositioning modes . '' de wells da davidson d delikaraoglou rb langley proceedings of the iag symposia symposium d the future of & hellip ;  
investigation of the crustal structure in western greece ( zakinthosâ ?? nw peloponessus area ) n voulgaris  1991.0 
optimal policy for lsp setup in mpls networks t anjali c scoglio j de oliveira if akyildiz g computer networks  
fabrication of cdznte strip detectors for large area arrays cm stahle zq shi k hu sd barthelmy sj proc . spie 1997.0 
evaluation of effective thermoelastic properties of random fibrous composites m å?ejnoha   
corporate social responsibility and firm financial performance jb mcguire a sundgren t schneeweis the academy of management journal 1988.0 
atlanto-occipital dislocation : an unusual lethal airbag injury h bailey n perez c blank-reid lj kaplan journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
effects of estrogen replacement therapy on plasma endothelin-1 and nitric oxide in postmenopausal pjm best pb berger vm miller a lerman circulation ( suppl  
thesprite network operating system j ousterhout a cherenson f douglis m nelson b ieee computer  
from registered nurse to registered nanny : discursive geographies of filipina domestic workers in g pratt economic geography 1999.0 
1996 . analysis of n-dimensional quadtrees using the hausdorff fractal dimension c faloutsos v gaede proc . 22nd int . conf . on very large data bases bombay  
sampling large databases for association rules h toivonen vldb 1996.0 
skeen . d. . and cristian f. an efficient fault-tolerant protocol for replicated data management ae abbadi proceedings 4nd acm  
radiolarian and diatom fluxes in two california borderland basins as indices of climate variability al weinheimer  1994.0 
the effect of in-service education on emergency nurses ' documentation of physical assessment kj cone ma anderson ja johnson journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
a message ferrying approach for data delivery in sparse mobile ad hoc networks w zhao m ammar e zegura   
uniform microporous biomaterials prepared from marine skeletal precursors ra white e shors ew white proc int coral reef syrup  
h c. davis d. richardson and tl groy om yaghi h li acc . chem . res  
exploiting a large thesaurus for information retrieval ar aronson tc rindflesch ac browne proceedings of riao 1994.0 
using session initiation protocol to build context-aware voip support for multiplayer networked a singh a acharya proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ; 2004.0 
a new type of internal combustion engine based on the porous-medium combustion technique f durst m weclas proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
users guide to lowtran-7 optical/infrared technology division . us air force geophysics laboratory fx kneizys ep shettle lw abreuâ ? ¦  1988.0 
o correio eletrã ´ nico vai alã © m da rede local n burns pc magazine brasil julho  
nationalism and the politics of culture in quebec r handler  1988.0 
a regional experience of red cell aplasia ja kynaston nc west mm reid european journal of pediatrics 1993.0 
wavelet analysis : the scalable structure of information hl resnikoff hl resnikoff ro wells ro wells  1998.0 
a software system for locating mobile users : design evaluation p bahl vn padmanabhan a balachandran and lessons . technical report microsoft research msr-tr-2000 -  
writing to learn : back to another basic . s tomlinson new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
what do women want ? facialmetric assessment of multiple motives in the perception of male facial mr cunningham ap barbee cl pike journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
bibliography on database security g pernul g luef acm sigmod record 1992.0 
bacterial biogeochemistry : the ecophysiology of mineral cycling : : academic press t fenchel gm king th blackburn san diego  
15 seconds of fameâ ?? an interactive computer-vision based art installation b batagelj f solina p peer proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
mnogokomponentnaya rektifikatsiya fb petlyuk la serafimov teoriya i  
the brain and consciousness : sources of information for understanding adult learning lh hill new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
mediating buyer-seller interactions : the role of agents in web commerce rd macredie electronic markets 1998.0 
non-latex versus latex male condoms for contraception mf gallo da grimes kf schulz cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
a methodology for computer-based explanation of decision analysis cp langlotz eh shortlie lm fagan technical report ksl-86-57 stanford university november  
accurate one pass decision tree construction r jin a goswami g agrawal   
evaluation of student-centered teaching . v faw unpublished manuscript  
database-inspired search d konopnicki o shmueli proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
triage efficacy of medical treatment and optimum health insurance r garratt jm marshall   
what has ai done for us ? m georgeff n azarmi bt technology journal 2003.0 
the current status of nonoperative management of adult blunt hepatic injuries . hl pachter sr hofstetter journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
ten key it challenges for the next 20 years d moschella computerworld  
on the discovery of interesting patterns in association rules s rahayana a siberschatz the 24the vldb conference new york  
strengthening institutional leadership . b munitz new directions for higher education 1978.0 
specification of integrity-preserving operations in information systems by using a formal uml-based r laleau f polack information and software technology  
toil sweat and the city s pendse bombay : metaphor for modern india  
attitude change and attitude attribution : effects of incentive choice and consequences bj calder m ross ca insko journal of personality and social psychology  
antiplatelet agents for preventing thrombosis after peripheral arterial bypass surgery j dorffler-melly mm koopman dj adam hr buller cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
genetic variation in tropical meloidogyne species m fargette vc blok ms phillips dl trudgill see re  
barriers to success in quantitative gatekeeper courses j gainen new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
a framework for clustering evolving data streams cc aggarwal j han j wang ps yu vldb 2003.0 
query processing and optimization in rdb g antoshnekov m ziauddin vldb journal  
query rewriting for semistructured data v vassalos  1999.0 
a computation model with data-sequenced control da adams technical report cgtm 45 stanford university may  
the lsd broadcast encryption scheme d halevy a shamir lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
decay of correlations-minicourse-handout notes 1999 ams summer research institute v baladi seattle washington smooth ergodic theory and  
exec : personnel lack stunts graphics growth . j kirchner computerworld. 1981.0 
lessons learned about mentoring r boice new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
a questionâ ?? answering system using program generation j kontos g papakonstantinou proc . of acm internat . computing  
tips for teams k melymuka computerworld  
compact fiber-pigtailed terahertz imaging system jv rudd d zimdars m warmuth proc . spie 2000.0 
cognitive economy and the role of representation in on-line learning dj finton  2002.0 
possibility of using skeletal tables for pipes to calculate critical heat transfer in rod bundles in ym zhukov at .  
how welfare and work policies affect children : a synthesis of the literature p morris a huston g duncan d crosby j bos manpower demonstration research corporation  
u > choice of cobol for braille translation < / u > jk millen technical report mtr-1743 mitre corporation bedford  
automatische silhouetten-extraktion aus videosequenzen semesterarbeit ss01 m nef & hellip ; geodaesie und photogrammetrie ethz zurich switzerland ( & hellip ;  
talking back to the www . j palme computer networks 1999.0 
automata languages and machines s eilenberg  1974.0 
distance cattle travel to water affects pasture utilization rate jr gerrish pr peterson re morrow procs . am . forage grassl . counc  
factors predicting the subjective well-being of nations e diener m diener c diener journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
background of superpave asphalt mixture design and analysis report fhwa-sa-95-003 fh administration ncat demonstration project  
query optimization by predicate move-around aylis mumick y sagiv   
defining and describing the paradigm issue in mixed-method evaluation jc greene vj caracelli new directions for program evaluation 1997.0 
database technologies for electronic commerce r agrawal r srikant y xu vldb 2002.0 
exploring posterior distributions using markov chains l tierney computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
a taxonomy of indoor and outdoor positioning techniques for mobile location services v zeimpekis gm giaglis g lekakos   
dynamic programming and stochastic control dp bertsekas  1976.0 
seismic strengthening of unreinforced masonry buildings with carbon fibers g schwegler & hellip ; of federal institute of technology . zurich switzerland  
a burden of proof : stereotype relevance and gender differences in math performance rp brown ra josephs journal of personality and social psychology 1999.0 
synchronous reproduction by maine black bears cr mclaughlin gj matula rj oâ ?? conner international conference of bear research and management  
long-term in-reactor corrosion of stainless steel cladding in liquid sodium bw jensen jw weber jw jost proceedings conference 25 th annual meeting of the & hellip ; 1979.0 
on some metrics for databases or what is a very large database ? r gerritsen h morgan m zisman acm sigmod record 1977.0 
streaming pattern discovery in multiple time-series s papadimitriou j sun c faloutsos proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
comet kohoutek : ground and airborne high resolution tilting-filter ir photometry c barbieri cb cosmovici s dropatz kw michel t study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
growth functions in marketing management c skiadas  1987.0 
optimizing queries across diverse data sources 23 rdintl l haas d kossmann el wimmers j yang conf . on very large databases ( vldb &#39; 97 )  
situating conversations within the language/action perspective : the milan conversation model g de michelis ma grasso proceedings of acm conference on computer supported  
a service classification of american cities hj nelson economic geography 1955.0 
an extended duration calculus for hybrid real-time systems z chaochen ap ravn mr hansen lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
editorial s rudkin bt technology journal 2005.0 
on-line services replacing central location services la debula proceedings of the 23rd annual acm siguccs conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
obbtree : a hierarchical structure for rapid interface detection s gottschalk mc lin d manocha proceedings of acm siggraph  
fast algorithms for projected clustering cc aggarwal c procopiuc jl wolf ps yu js park sigmod conference 1999.0 
constrained receding-horizon predictive control dw clarke r scattolini   
etude d'un analyseur de surface de la langue natureue pour un sys # me de recherche documentaire p patrick b catherine proc . cais conference montreal canada june  
dans proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference m skubiszewski p valduriez athens ( greece )  
enabling new organizational forms : a changing perspective on infrastructure jw ross jf rockart   
an anatomy of the information resource semantic abstraction la kalinichenko sigmod record 1991.0 
low load latency through sum-addressed memory w lynch g lauterbach j chamdani proceedings of the 25 thinternational symposium on computer & hellip ;  
a replicable web-based negotiation server for e-commerce syw su c huang j hammer   
finding text in images v wu r manmatha em riseman   
microporous mater a auroux p artizzu i ferino r monaci e rombi   
high speed parallel multi-chip interconnection using free space optics x zheng p marchand d huang s esener   
this is n't kansas anymore toto : team teaching online g strohschen t heaney new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
egocentric biases in availability and attribution m ross f sicoly journal of personality and social psychology 1979.0 
a class of data structures for associative searching ja orenstein th merrett proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
modeling and simulation as a control means for product development k andersson   
binary wrapping : a technique for instrumenting object code j cargille bp miller acm sigplan notices 1992.0 
the collegiate ideal in the twenty-first century aw chickering j kytle new directions for higher education 1999.0 
task decomposition support to reactive scheduling in the proceedings of the 5th european conference b drabble  1999.0 
a ddsm for relational query optimization bml kerschberg proc . acm annual conference  
reliable probabilistic verification using hash compaction p wolper u stern d leroy d dill submitted for  
decomposing k-arc-strong tournaments into arc-disjoint spanning subdigraphs ( 2001 ) j bang-jensen a yeo   
tetrahedron lett bm trost e keinan submitted for  
earthquake hazard of the santa barbara fold belt california ea keller ld gurrola  2000.0 
specification and automated processing of security requirements ( sapsâ ?? 05 ) c rudolph a maã ± a proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
sustainable development and geographical equity g haughton c hunter annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;  
an investigation of the potential role of speech production models in automatic speech recognition rc rose j schroeter mm sondhi proc . int . conf . sp . lang . proc  
new tools and old habits : the interactive searching behavior of expert online searchers using j koenemann r quatrain c cool nj belkin md  
e. suresha and ramamritham krithi ( 2002 ) . proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated a datta k dutta hm thomas d vandermeer proceedings of 2002 acm sigmod conference madison & hellip ;  
andt wm cowan di gottlieb ae hendrickson jl price wool-sey ( 1972 ) the autoradiographic demonstration of axonal  
michael stonebraker and jim frew and kenn gardels and jeff meredith tss benchmark proceedings of  
timing and volume of fluid administration for patients with bleeding i kwan f bunn i roberts cochrane database syst rev  
industrial applications of software measurements o anderson information and software technology  
using metrics to manage software projects ef weller   
editor 's notes sm richardson new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
improving . net application performance and scalability . jd meier  2004.0 
ncsaâ ?? s world wide web server : design and performance r mcgrath t kwan d reed ieee computer  
l. seiler the volume pro real-time raycasting system h pfister j hardenbergh j knittel h lauer proceedings of acm siggraphâ ?? 99  
representations for text categorization s dumais j platt d heckerman msil algorithms technical report microsoft research  
image clustering with tensor representation x he d cai h liu j han proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
multidimensional version for object-oriented databases e sciore proceedings vldb  
an adaptive recursive lms filter pl feintuch proc . ieee  
the application of program slicing to regression testing d binkley information and software technology 1998.0 
round efficiency of multi-party computation with a dishonest majority j katz r ostrovsky a smith lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
an analysis of some graph theoretical cluster techniques jg auguston j minker j. acm  
finite element modeling in surgery simulation m bro-nielsen  1998.0 
gis based oil spill response atlas td gilbert & hellip ; australian marine and coastal data management conference & hellip ;  
development and characterization of a pultruded fiber-optic ribbon a melloni a gusmeroli a tonini g sala m procs . xii international conference on optical fiber sensors & hellip ;  
une procedure dâ ?? apprentissage pour reseau a seauil assymetrique ( a learning procedure for y lecun proceedings of cognitiva  
manipulating interpolated data is easier than you thought s grumbach p rigaux l segoufin vldb 2000.0 
surf . coatings technol y qiang r th y thurner o rattunde h haberland  1997.0 
deriving production rules for incremental view maintenance '' 17th int s ceri j widom conf . on very large data bases barcelona spain september  
water sample preparation for comprehensive health effects testing wc lauerâ ? ¦  1988.0 
the empire filters back : consumption production and the politics of starbucks coffee md smith urban geography  
on the achievable rates of ultra-wideband ppm with non-coherent detection in multipath environments y souilmi r knopp   
modern management in the developing world : the success of eis in mexican organizations de leidner   
pairwise comparison of hypotheses in evolutionary learning k krawiec   
n on-parumetric e & m & ion of relative risk r tibshirani  1982.0 
developing educational software components m koutlis j roschelle a reppening ieee computer  
the optimization strategy for query evaluation in rdb/v1 a makinouchi m tezuka h kitakami s adachi vldb 1981.0 
stratigraphy of plioceneâ ?? quaternary deposits of baikal depression and main geological events vd mats ga vorobyova sm popova mk shimaraeva quaternary : stratigraphy . proc 28th igc . nauka moscow  
optimal dynamic allocation in cellular systems s jordan a khan submitted for publication  
parameters characterizing reactors for physical research an erykalov yv petrov at .  
isomorphism of complete sets m dowd unpublished  
vim continuous energy monte carlo code r blomquist proc . int .  
on ( he expressive power of logic progrumming languages with scis gm kupcr proc . acm pods  
impact of climate changes on the security of the water supply of the campaspe system qj wang rj nathan rj moran b james proceedings of 25 thhydrology and water resources symposium  
transcription factors normal myeloid development and leukemia dg tenen r hromas jd licht de zhang blood-new york - 1997.0 
species interactions dc culver see ref  
next generation database systems wonâ ?? t work without semantics ! panel session j myopoulos sigmod record  
knowledge management at the mitre corporation mt maybury   
early renal function loss after lung transplantatin : analysis of peri-opertive risk factors j broekroelofs bg loef ca stegeman gj navis ah   
improved query performance with variant indexes d quass   
the struggle for self-sufficiency : participants in the self-sufficiency project talk about work w bancroft sc vernon  1995.0 
the velocity of sound in liquids at high frequencies by the sonic interferometer jc hubbard al loomis phil . mag  
time modeling in office information systems f barbic b pernici acm sigmod record 1985.0 
scrap your boilerplate : a practical design pattern for generic programming r lammel sp jones   
estimation of the effect of desulfotomaculum ruminis bacteria on the process of degradation of z domagala f domka environment protection  
neural networks and the automatic selection of financial ratios d trigueiros proc . of the 29th hawaii int . conference on systems science . & hellip ;  
growth and strain selection in the marine alga gigartina exasperata ( florideophyceae ) jr waaland proc . int . seaweed symp  
on the densification process of porous materials under uniaxial compression : theory and experiments a shirizly j tirosh l rubinski  1996.0 
technology consortia and the relationship revolution in education gc godbey gj richter new directions for higher education 1999.0 
a technology independent block extraction algorithm f luellau t hoepken e barke   
dynamic contact problems with slip-dependent friction in viscoelasticity ir ionescu ql nguyen   
methods for tamper detection in digital images j fridrich   
constraint satisfaction problems and finite algebras aa bulatov aa krokhin p jeavons lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
foreword by john ames j ames bt technology journal 1997.0 
sql open heterogeneous data access b reinwald h pirahesh   
analysis of databases at the logical level : the dba compagnon project f de marchi s lopes jm petit f toumani sigmod record  
estimating arbitrary subset sums with few probes n alon n duffield c lund m thorup   
data structures & algorithm analysis in c++ . ( 2 . ed ) addison wesley ma weiss  1999.0 
self-regulation mechanisms in galactic discs ( abstract only ) a romeo oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
a direct photoelectric determination of planck 's '' h '' . ra millikan  1916.0 
functional logic overloading m gasbichler m neubauer m sperber p thiemann conference record of the acm symposium on principles of & hellip ; 2002.0 
andh.-p . kriegel . the pyramid technique : towards breaking the curse of dimensionality s berchtold c bohm proc . of the acmsigmod international conference on  
planning and control with incomplete information using pomdps : experimental results b bonet h gener   
dispersal of citrus canker bacteria in droplets and prevention with windbreaks m koizumi e kimijima t tsukamoto m togawa s proc . int . soc . citricult  
spectral classificatoin of comets j bouska study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
apj n walbornâ ? ¦  1997.0 
singhv ( 1997 ) a one-pass algorithm accurately estimating quantiles for disk-resident data k alsabti s ranka proceedings of the 23rd conference on very large databases & hellip ;  
the global access challenge rp searle arj cook dm spirit bt technology journal 1998.0 
is there a preference-shaping effect of law p funk  2002.0 
notes on nabokov as a russian writer g struve wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
learning response time for websources using query feedback and application in query optimization jr gruser l raschid v zadorozhny t zhan the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
towards self-validating knowledge-based archives r marciano r moore   
mosfet scaling-the driver of vlsi technology dl critchlow proceedings of the ieee 1999.0 
deadlock removal using partial rollback in database systems ds fussell zm kedem a silberschatz   
using java for multimedia collaborative applications h abdel-wahab b kvande s nanjangud o kim jp   
root cause analysis of laboratory delays to an emergency department cmb fernandes r walker a price j marsden l journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
approach end avoidance achievement goals and intrinsic motivation : a mediational analysis aj elliot jm harackiewicz journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
performance management : the state of the field . association for public policy and management df kettl 22nd annual research conference seattle washington  
developing critical thinking and problem-solving abilities j lochhead a whimbey new directions for teaching and  
how may i help you ? al gorin g riccardi jh wright nato asi series f computer and systems sciences 1999.0 
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us a mccormack bt technology journal 2005.0 
a technique for rendering approximate solutions to physical problems uniformly valid mj lighthill phil . mag  
thermal ablation therapy for focal malignancy : a unified approach to underlying principles sn goldberg jb kruskal gs gazelle proceedings of spie 2003.0 
basische und ultrabasische gesteine des adamello p ulmer unpublished phd thesis eth zurich switzerland  
mode-select bits md md   
priority assignment in distributed real-time databases supporting temporal consistency vcs lee integrated computer-aided engineering 1998.0 
advanced visual interfaces : an international workshop aviâ ?? 98 lâ ?? aquila italy mai 25â ?? 27 t catarci mf costabile s levialdi l tarantino acm press new  
sliding-block codes for two-track magnetic recording channels e soljanin cn georghiades proc . 28th annual conf . inform . sciences and systems & hellip ;  
tannenhousedl . architectural consideration for a new generation of protocols dd clark proc acm  
mgs : a multigrained shared memory system '' d yeung j kubiatowicz a agarwal proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on computer & hellip ;  
utilizing program execution flow statistics for deriving task migration decisions j gehring a reinefeld   
efficient mining of association rules in distributed databases dw cheung vt ng aw fu knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 1996.0 
tabular constraint-satisfaction problems and answer-set programming r finkel vw marek m truszczynski   
developments in car door latching systems a attridge d walton g kalsi proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
two-phonon absorption by the real squashing collective mode in superfluid he-3 ( abstract only ) h alles jm kyynarainen aj manninen jp pekola k oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
airborne automation on boeing 757 767 takes over flying landing making pilot '' a true manager '' . p gillin computerworld. 1983.0 
cm-hysplit : a software capability for response in nuclear emergencies c housiadas   
workflow mining : discovering process models from event logs w van der aalst t weijters l maruster ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
incremental generalization for mining in a data warehousing environment m ester r wittmann   
a framework for unifying reordering transformations university of maryland at college park college w kelly w pugh md  
foreign body ingestions in the emergency department : case reports and review of treatment ke blaho ks merigian sl winbery lj park m journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
genetic techniques for analysis of nematode muscle a bejsovec d eide p anderson see ref  
coordination chemistry in non-aqueous solutions v gutmann   
stability of the optimal design with respect to inaccurate solution of the nonlinear state problem c stangl   
pearls of wisdom for your emergency medicine rotation b lubavin m phelps journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
multi-beam lattice images from germanium oriented in ( 011 ) j desseaux a renault a bourret phil . mag  
mocha : a self-extensible middleware system for distributed data sources m rodriguez-martinez n roussopoulos proc . acm sigmod  
biological phosphorus removal at low sludge loadings by partial stripping hp de vries jh rensink proceedings of the international conference on management & hellip ;  
convergence of sequential monte carlo methods d crisan a doucet submitted for publication  
knowledge-based geological visualisation using avs im brown mj herbert   
framework for server data fragment grouping to improve scalability in intermittently synchronized wg yee mj donahoo s navathe proc . acm cikm  
database research at ut arlington ( itlab @ cse . uta ) s chakravarthy a aslandogan r elmasri l fegaras sigmod record 2003.0 
acute carpal tunnel syndrome from thrombosed persistent median artery-case report c balakrishnan mf smith p puri journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
approximate similarity queries : a survey p ciaccia m patella   
a systems approach to product development ' jb simons   
improving register allocation for subscripted variables d callahan s carr k kennedy   
constructivist learning on the web b wilson m lowry new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
electronic data interchange : a total management guide ma emmelhainz   
concurrency control and object-oriented databases ah skarra sb zdonik acm press frontier series 1989.0 
fire and vegetation management plan providence landing vandenberg village california . prepared k burton e gevirtz inc. santa barbara california  
analysis of index-sequential files with overflow chaining pã ? larson acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1981.0 
anda . silberschatz . a formalapproachto recoveryby compensating transactions hf korth e levy proceedings of the 16th international conference on vldb  
developmental observations on the auxiliary do and the optional infinitive hypothesis t sano proceedings of the 23rd annual boston university conference & hellip ;  
a research status report on adaptation for mobile data acess bd nobel m satyanarayanan sigmod record  
panacea or snake oil ? g james electronic business 2004.0 
dynamic soil test for rice a dobermann kg cassman pcs cruz hu neue eo proc . int . rice res . conf  
cervical radiography in the emergency department : who when how extensive ? rh daffner journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
transaction management in an object-oriented data model jf garza w kim proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
the generality of the automatic attitude activation effect ja bargh s chaiken r govender f pratto journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
tides of change : new themes and questions in workplace learning t fenwick new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
islamic resurgence and neoliberal economic reforms in west asia g pant international studies-bombay then new delhi - 2001.0 
on the formation of interstitial loops in bcc metals bl eyre r bullough phil . mag  
analysis of dynamic congestion control protocols : a fokker-plank approach a mukherjee jc strikwerda proc . acm sigcomm  
quantum mechanics a bohm  2001.0 
semantacs for set-oraented productron rules an relataonal database systems ibm research report rj j wldom sjfa syntax ibm almaden research center june  
an axiomatic model of dynamic schema evolution in objectbase systems rj peters mt oezsu acm transactions on database systems 1997.0 
institutional resistance to renewal . jw fuller new directions for higher education 1985.0 
terminating the trellis of turbo codes in the same state sa barbulescu ss pietrobon  1995.0 
mapping the terrain of church-related colleges and universities . ds guthrie new directions for higher education 1992.0 
problem-based learning in an mba economics course : confessions of a first-time user dc sharp new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
the zero latency enterprise d liles proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
a dbms prototype to surt extended nf2-relations : an integrated view on at tables and hierarchies p dadam k kuspert f anderson h blanken r erbe proc . of acm/sigmod  
lower bounds for randomized kserver algorithms hj karlo y rabani y ravid proceedings of the 23rd annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;  
transformation of whispering gallery mode propagating in a circular waveguide into a beam of waves sn vlasov mi petelin radiotekh . i elektron 1975.0 
an invitation to formal methods : impediments to industrial use of formal methods dl parnas ieee computer  
best practice fpga design for asic migration r modo electronic engineering 1998.0 
subspace clustering for high dimensional data : a review l parsons e haque h liu   
chromium : a stream-processing frameworkforinteractive renderingonclusters g humphreys m houston r ng r frank s ahern pd proc . acm siggraph  
markovian decision processes with probabilistic observation of states jk satia re lave management science 1973.0 
nissan in the north-east : the multiplier effectsâ ? f peck geography  
deformation and volcanism in western turkey and the aegean d mckenzie y yilmaz bull . technical university of istanbul  
optimization of storage structures of complex types in object-relational database systems s skatulla s dorendorf   
tcp-aware packet marking in networks with diffserv support m mellia i stoica h zhang computer networks 2003.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?query by image and video content : the qbic systemã cents â ? ¬ â ? m flickner h sawhney w niblack j ashley q ieee computer  
access to objects by path expressions and rules j frohn g lausen h uphoff proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
samsara-honor among thieves in p2p storage lp cox bd noble proc . of acm sosp  
macrocyclic polyether syntheses gw gokel sh korzeniowski  1982.0 
charge carried by rontgen ions jj thomson phil . mag  
interventions for treating collagenous colitis n chande jw mcdonald jk macdonald cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
the postgres storage system m stonebraker proc . 1987 vldb conference brighton england sept  
a class meetings approach to classroom cohesiveness . perspectives . f miller social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
game state and event distribution using proxy technology and application layer multicast kh vik proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
van nguyen . analyzing kleinbergâ ?? s ( and other ) small-world models c martel proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on principles of & hellip ;  
improvement in bandwidth efficiency of asynchronous prime-code cdma networks by error correction jg zhang electronic  
checking safety properties using induction and a sat-solver m sheeran s singh g stalmarck lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
uhf propagation prediction for wireless personal communications hl bertoni w honcharenko lr maciel hh xia proceedings-ieee 1994.0 
beebe family in northamptonshire ( http://www . skynet . co. uk/genuki/big / eng/nth/beeby . htm ) '' ad henry   
thepower of languages forthe manipulation of complex values s abiteboul c beeri the vldb journal  
effects of perspective on stereoscopic depth contrast of inclined surfaces m sato ip howard  1999.0 
investigation of algebraic query optimisation for database programming languages a poulovassilis c small proceedings of the 20th intâ ?? l conference on very large  
intelligent control for automated vehicles : a decision aiding method for coordination of multiple nd geddes rj lee proceedings of auvsiâ ?? 98 25 thannual symposium and & hellip ;  
hitting the distributed computing sweet spot with tspaces tj lehman a cozzi y xiong j gottschalk v computer networks 2001.0 
the montage extensible datablade architecture m ubell proc . sigmod intl. conf . on management of data 1994.0 
new bugs crawl out of the woodwork l didio computerworld  
oneline one-dimensional conflict-free coloring a fiat j matousek e mossel j pach m sharir s  2004.0 
subclinical mastitis in denmark 1991â ?? 1994 a huda proceedings of the 23rd international dairy federation & hellip ;  
expressive law : framing of equilibrium selection i bohnet r cooter unpublished manuscript  
automatic induction of rules for classification j kay e mccreath & hellip ; of the workshop on machine learning for user modelling & hellip ;  
two-component models of socially desirable responding dl paulhus journal of personality and social psychology  
midcareer and senior faculty learning communities : learning throughout faculty careers ml blaisdell md cox new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
nist chemical kinetics database 17 nist standard reference data nist gaithersburg wg mallard f westley jt herron rf hampson md  
on determining the distribution of illumination in the interior of a photographic layer u erni & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1977.0 
consistent query answering under key and exclusion dependencies : algorithms and experiments l grieco d lembo r rosati m ruzzi proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
highlights of material research for optoelectronics in the eighties trends and challenges for the m razeghi oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
design criteria for rock fill spillways a rathgeb   
detoxification of benzoxazolin-2 ( 3h ) - one in higher plants i wieland a friebe m kluge d sicker m schulz proc . int . allelopathy soc  
a high-performance distributed algorithm for mining association rules a schuster r wolff d trock knowledge and information systems 2005.0 
pbir-perception-based image retrieval e chang   
co 2 lasers and temperature changes of titanium implants dk oyster wb parker me gher   
results of a beam dump experiment at the cern sps neutrino facility t hansl m holder j knobloch j may hp paar p aip conference proceedings 1978.0 
charge-based proportional scheduling . technical memorandum u maheshwari mit/lcs/tm { 529 laboratory for computer science massachusetts  
evaluation systems are more than information systems . la braskamp new directions for higher education 1982.0 
scalable distributed data structures for internet service construction sd gribble ea brewer jm hellerstein de culler   
scanning tunneling microscopy r wiesendanger hj gã 1/4 ntherodt  1996.0 
mema-model : towards a new approach for method engineering t punter k lemmen information and software technology 1996.0 
detection and decision-making in environmental effects monitoring m power g power dg dixon environmental management 1995.0 
keynote address : language design as design fp brooks history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
the benefits of journal writing : reducing maternal psychological distress levels after the neonatal lm barry  2000.0 
effortfulness and flexibility of dispositional judgment processes y trope t alfieri journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
indexing images in oracle8i m annamalai r chopra s defazio s mavris acm sigmod record 2000.0 
fast computation of shadow boundaries using spatial coherenceand backprojections j stewart s ghali proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 94  
the k-way refinement tree partitioning method for adaptive grids wf mitchell   
load balancing and data locality in parallel n-body techniques jp singh c holt t totsuka a gupta jl hennessy technical report csl-tr-91-496 stanford university  
the performance of the ams-02 trd j burger s gentile proc . 28th international cosmic ray conference  
tagging frenchcomparing a statical and a constraint-based method c pierre p tapanainen procs . of  
alpha : a non-proprietary os for large complex distributed real-time e jensen j northcutt procs . of the ieee workshop on experimental distributed  
rapid development s mcconnell  1996.0 
very tight versus tight control for diabetes in pregnancy sa walkinshaw cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
multistream voice transmission over the internet using path diversity y liang e steinbach b girod proc . acm multimedia  
preconditioning second kind boundary integral equations for 3-d eddy current problems ( unpublished ) g schmidlin c schwabâ ? ¦ technical report eth zurich zurich switzerland  
contours of constructive hypertexts m bernstein m joyce d levine proceedings of the acm conference on hypertext 1993.0 
the federal face of voting : are elected officials held accountable for the functions relevant to k arceneaux unpublished manuscript 2004.0 
introduction to part ii ai rudnicky acm press frontier series 1992.0 
foto-en filmencyclopedie e focus   
substrate and plasma heating within high frequency pulsed-dc magnetron sputtering applications l mahoney g mcdonough d carter g roche h walde 46th avs international symposium seattle washington usa & hellip ;  
financial consulting solutions ( fcs ) support papers for water rate study e cebron k seat seattle washington  
automated resolution of semantic heterogeneity in multi-databases ar huroson s pakzad acm transactions on database systems  
aging of copperâ ?? nickelâ ?? cobaltâ ?? manganite ntc thermistorsâ ?? o mrooz i hadzaman m vakiv o shpotyuk j plewa   
a functional meta-structure for hypertext models and systems r furuta pd stotts   
asymptotic limits of a ginzburg-landau type functional mc hong j jost m struwe to  
quality function deployment : a tool to improve software quality i erikkson f mcfadden   
directions in functional programming for real ( - time ) applications w taha p hudak z wan lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
toxic cyanobacteria in water i chorus  1999.0 
feedback in shared digital maps b johansson r granlund & hellip ; lind proceedings to eam 2001 copenhagen 25-27 june 2001  
scientific olap for the biotech domain n huyn proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
matrix transpose on meshes with wormhole and xy routing ct ho   
recovery of yellow-poplar ( liriodendron tulipifera ) embryogenic material following cryopreservation pm montello sa merkle proceedings of the 23rd southern forest tree improvement & hellip ;  
the design of innovation : lessons from genetic algorithms de goldberg unpublished manuscript  
designing a reward system to promote the career development of senior faculty dw farmer new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
finite element cad for microwave filters s verdeyme d billargeat s bila s moraud h proc 28th eumc workshop amsterdam netherlands oct  
information about the chernobyl accident and the consequences of this accident prepared for iaea aa abagyan at . energ  
z glossary jp bowen information and software technology  
magnesium-doped gallium nitride for electronic and optoelectronic device applications p kozodoy  1999.0 
documentation for the gamit gps software analysis release 10 : massachusetts institute of technology rw king y bock san diego  
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives : the sloan digital sky survey . rj brunner j gray p kunszt d slutz as szalay   
fast incremental indexing for full-text information retrieval ew brown jp callan wb croft proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
empowering political struggle : spaces and scales of resistance la staeheli political geography 1994.0 
high temp . mater s mrowec k przybylski proc  
diffusion inelastique des electrons dans une solide par excitation de niveaus atomiques profonds c colliex b jouffrey phil . mag  
calcium channel blockers for inhibiting preterm labour jf king vj flenady dn papatsonis ga dekker b cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
a comparison of landsat multispectral scanner imagery and aerial photography for identifying land ek waller  1999.0 
integrated stereo vision-a multiresolution apporach ks kumar ub desai   
wrapping web information providers by transducer induction . in de raedt l. and flach p. eds b chidlovskii european conference on machine learning ( ecml 2001 )  
a parallel algorithm for finding a separator in planar graphs h gazit proc . 28th symp . on foundations of computer science  
the biology of the laboratory rabbitâ '' 2 ndedition academic press pj manning ce newcomer h rongler san diego  
markerless tracking using planar structures in the scene g simon a fitzgibbon a zisserman   
distributed detection by a large number of sensors in tandem jd papastavrou m athans proc . 29th ieee conf : decision and  
fostering an internet-based learning network for community health through action research f lau   
a dislocation reaction in the face-centred cubic lattice wm lomer phil . mag  
practical privacy : the sulq framework a blum c dwork f mcsherry k nissim   
labor and the new deal m derber e young  1957.0 
within-slide normalization using localized print-tip characteristics for cdna microarray data j berger s hautaniemi s mitra j astola  2003.0 
shapes of cd-110 at high spins ( abstract only ) s juutinen r julin p ahonen c fahlander j oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
what the future holds gh gaither new directions for higher education 1999.0 
on automating web service description b benatallah mha leger c rey f toumani vldb journal v ( 14 )  
operational planning for electronic toll collection : a unique approach to computer modeling analysis j danko v gulewicz   
jakiela . intelligent suggestive cad systems : research overview j mark technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
methods for estimating the computational power and generalization capability of neural microcircuits w maass ra legenstein n bertschinger submitted for publication 2004.0 
programming microsoft windows ce d boling  1998.0 
connecting architecture reconstruction frameworks it bowman mw godfrey rc holt   
speaking orbs-interactive multi-participant sound sculpture e ask demonstration at the 1 stworkshop on new interfaces for & hellip ;  
suicide and the near-death experience seh rogers  1998.0 
teaching history across the elementary curriculum . s crenshaw social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
knowledge based oceanographic data analysis b lees n rees j aiken procs . expert systems  
8k solutions and semi-solutions to a problem of da costa j marcos submitted for  
implementation of marker-assisted selection in french dairy cattle d boichard s fritz mn rossignol my boscher a electronic communication  
a statistical simulation model for correlated nakagami fading channels j luo jr zeidler   
on the evaluation strategy of educe j bocca proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1986.0 
data-driven design of rasta-like filters s van vuuren h hermansky   
j er ome sim eon.â ?? statix : making xml countâ ?? j freire jr haritsa m ramanath p roy proceedings of the 2002 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management & hellip ;  
latex allergy : policy procedure and latex-safe box l warner journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
the multimedia object presentation manager of minos : a symmetric approach f ho   
sigmod 1998 lm haas a tiwary proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
algorithms for mining distance based outliers in large databases e knorr r ng proceedings of vldb new york  
toward the semantic geospatial web mj egenhofer   
effect of brief training on sex-related differences in visual-spatial skill a stericker s levesconte journal of personality and social psychology 1982.0 
feedback driven instruction-set extension u kastens dk le a slowik m thies   
turkish standardisation of ravenâ ?? s spm n sahin e duzen proceedings of the 23rd international congress of applied & hellip ;  
the n ( 4 5 ) n ( 6 7 ) n ( 6 7 ) and n ( 4 5 ) o ( 2 3 ) n ( 6 7 ) resonance auger effects in the op sairanen s aksela proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
some results on ( a : b ) - choosability s gutner m tarsi to  
quasi 3-d effects in leaky infragravity waves ar van dongeren ia svendsen u putrevu proc . 26th int . conf . on coast . engrg. copenhagen  
guest editor 's introduction f highland ieee expert : intelligent systems and their applications 1994.0 
graefe 1993 : ja blakeley wj mckenna and g. graefe experiences building the open oodb query mk blakeley proc . acm sigmod  
pasp j patterson j thorstensen j kemp l jensen t  2000.0 
md 1997 paul a. vieta sr sc gooding md  
personal communication systems ( pcs ) vok li x qiu proceedings-ieee 1995.0 
gesetz zum schutz vor schã $ dlichen bodenverã $ nderungen und zur sanierung von altlasten ( bundes - d bundestag bundesgesetzblatt i s  
aida : adaptive application-independent data aggregation in wireless sensor networks t he bm blum ja stankovic t abdelzaher acm transactions on embedded computing systems 2004.0 
some grammaticalization changes in estonian and their implications l campbell approaches to grammaticalization  
on the nature and function of emotion : a component process approach kr scherer approaches to emotion  
introduction to spectropolarimetry no j del toro iniesta isbn  
liberating effects of group pressure . s milgram journal of personality and social psychology 1965.0 
implementing and maintaining a classroom research program for faculty . ne stetson new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
database research at the university of twente pmg apers h balsters hm blanken ra de by maw acm sigmod record 1993.0 
multiple services on request : the university of missouri-kansas city 's metropolitan area schools dc martin new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
the new deal and youth : the civilian conservation corps the national youth administration and the gp rawick  1957.0 
the allergen proof chamber in the treatment of bronchial asthma and other respiratory diseases w storm van leeuwen w einthoven w kremer lancet i  
everyday devices that see : electronic-perception technology c bamjiâ ? ¦ in proc . siggraph acm press  
research to improve subyearling chinook fish guiding efficiency at mcnary dam-1986 . nmfs/noaa ga swan wt norman  1987.0 
birch : an efficient data clustering method for large databases t zhang r ramakrishnan m linvy proc . of 1996 acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of  
an evaluation of buffer replacement strategies for relational database systems h chou d dewitt proc . llth international conf . on vldb  
a thermodynamic '' vocabulary '' for metal ion interactions in biological systems . mt rodgers pb armentrout acc . chem . res 2004.0 
fundamentaldesignproblems ofdistributed systems forthe hardreal-time environment a mok ph. d. thesis mit laboratory for computer science  
catalog management in websphere commerce suite t maguire   
relationships in everquest : an ethnographic report ( undergraduate term paper for communication 480 ) no ` brien seattle : university of washington  
using a color reflection model to separate highlights from object color gj klinker sa shafer t kanade   
analysis of the vhsic hardware description language dc luckham y huh s ghosh a stanculescu technical report computer systems laboratory stanford  
three-dimensional boundary singular elements for electrostatic analysis et ong kh lee km lim   
dynamic host configuration for managing mobility between private and public networks a miu p bahl microsoft technical report  
digital optical computing aa sawchuk tc strand ieee proceedings 1984.0 
holiday videos . media corner . ja braun w benensonâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
multipurpose controller synthesis in lqg optimal systems bs chen wj wang & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1988.0 
1991 new directions for uncertainty reasoning in deductive databases u guntzer w kiesling h thone proc . 1991 acm  
integration of heterogeneous databases without common domains using queries based on textual ww cohen sigmod conference 1998.0 
multi-district trainer of trainers institute : a trainer of trainers model focused on the acquisition me calderã ³ n  1986.0 
ref editors . knowledge interchange format version 3.0 reference manual mr genesereth technical report computer science department stanford  
social utility and decision making in interpersonal contexts gf loewenstein l thompson mh bazerman journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
reducing risk through process improvement in rapidly changing business and e-commerce environments h li m ross g king g staples software quality management-international conference -  
performance improvement of half controlled three phase pwm boost rectifier jun kikuchi  1999.0 
structure-function relationship of galanin t mochizuki j ishikawa n takatsuka m hoshino n proc . 28th symp . pept . chem. osaka  
context-sensitive models in inductive logic programming a srinivasan machine learning  
applying reinforcement learning to instruction scheduling within basic blocks d scheeff c brodley e moss j cavazos d submitted for publication  
half-lives for spontaneous fission of 23spu and 2zpu aa druzhinin vn polynov am korochkinâ ? ¦ at .  
atm transfer capabilities : a critical review f guillemin   
fast policy/local discipline : the politics of scale and the neoliberal workfare offensive b jessop j peck annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;  
women in community psychology : empowerment in process c swift ma bond i serrano-garcä ± ã ¡ unpublished manuscript  
the porphyrin handbook p hambright  1990.0 
thermal method of removing steel shells from oxide fuel elements gp novoselov at ageenkov at .  
properties of r plasmids in pseudomonas aeruginosa ga jacoby see ref  
user 's guide to pari-gp c batutâ ? ¦   
stochastic process algebras - between lotos and markov chains h hermanns u herzog v mertsiotakis computer networks 1998.0 
ag and dale nb '' schema and occurrence structure transformation in hierarchical systems '' pt dale proc . 1976 international conference on management of  
in depth : look out here comes india j vijayan computerworld  
clustering with informative priors s vaithyanathan d gondek technical report ibm almaden research center  
a step beyond a database gh anthes computerworld  
perceived control and distress following sexual assault : a longitudinal test of a new model pa frazier journal of personality and social psychology 2003.0 
national health insurance in poland : a coach without horses ? ( visited jan. 20 2000 ) < http://www . p berman pdf >  
estimation of the vocal tract shape by optimal inverse filtering and acoustic/articulatory h wakita  1972.0 
an enzyme histochemical study of isoproterenol-induced myocardial necroses in rats a meijer h hettwer ag ciplea the histochemical journal 1988.0 
chord : a scalable p2p lookup service for internet applications i stoica r morris d karger mf kaashoek h proc . of acm sigcomm  
archives specializing in the history of computing bh bruemmer history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
article details rp manifolds journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
analyzing and modeling encryption overhead for sensor network nodes p ganesan r venugopalan p peddabachagari a dean proceedings of the 2nd acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
eden : an engine for definitive notations e yung msc thesis department of computer science university of  
a methodologic guide-line for the instalation of data base development tools and data administration hm quintella fr leao vldb 1979.0 
semiconducting organic thin films as monitoring devices for no 2 air pollution ( abstract only ) a heilmann v lantto oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
on the computation of multidimensional aggregates a sameet a rakesh md prasadâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 22nd international conference on very & hellip ;  
digital legislature s peterson electronic government  
land use changes in the environs of moscow g ioffe t nefedova area 2001.0 
understan ding plant closures : the uk brewing industry hd watts geography  
exploiting synthetic chemistry with mesoionic rings : improvements achieved with thioisomã 1/4 nchnones m ã?valos r babiano p cintas jl jimã © nez jc acc . chem . res 2005.0 
using linear classifiers in the integration of user modeling and text content analysis in the ad esteban mjm lopez m de buenaga rodriguez jmg   
a robust optimization-based approach for approximate answering of aggregation queries s chaudhuri g das v narasayya proc .  
the architecture of democratic government : the discovery of the adapted city hg frederickson unpublished manuscript  
web-based education for all : a tool for developing adaptive courseware . computer networks and isdn p brusilovsky j eklund e schwarz & hellip ; of seventh international world wide web conference  
pitfalls in ecto-5â ? ² - nucleotidase enzyme cytochemistry as demonstrated by the immunogold-labelling em cramer z werb df bainton the histochemical journal 1988.0 
time-parameterized queries in spatio-temporal databases y tao d papadias sigmod conference 2002.0 
multiprocessor hash-based join algorithms d dewitt21 dewittâ ? ¦ proceedings of  
constrained example generation e michener university of massachusetts at amherst technical  
evaluating the benefits of cache-affinity scheduling in shared-memory multiprsors j torrellas a tucker a oupta technical report stanford university july  
determination of mercury with zeeman graphite furnace aas z grobenski w erler u voellkopf  1985.0 
an analysis of short - medium-and long-term effects of ozone exposure on stomatal conductance of ne grulke & hellip ; d ( tech . comp . ) proceedings 19th international meeting for & hellip ;  
energy conservation in domestic consumptionâ ?? ks salariya tata energy research institute bombay india  
amã © lioration de la prã © cision dans un systã ¨ me de question-rã © ponse de domaine fermã © . to appear h doan-nguyen l kosseim proceedings of 7 es journã © es internationales dâ ?? analyse & hellip ;  
metropolitan state university . rc fox ls harvey new directions for higher education 1993.0 
multilevel optimization for large-scale circuit placement tf chan j cong t kong jr shinnerl proceedings of the 2000 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
notes on the state of data base audit jd clark fg davis acm sigmod record 1982.0 
spot noise texture synthesis for data visualization jj van wijk acm siggraph computer graphics 1991.0 
chemical engineersâ ?? s handbook . jh perry   
ise integrated systems engineering ag sr manual zurich  
bayesian design of single double and sequential stratified sampling for estimating proportion in s zacks  1967.0 
a convergent coupling strategy for the formation of polycyclic ethers : stereoselective synthesis of mt crimmins pj mcdougall ka emmitte acc . chem . res 2005.0 
db-prism : integrated data warehouses and knowledge networks for bank controlling e schaefer jd becker proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
supporting the meeting report process . c costa p antunes j dias   
superimposition : a component adaptation technique j bosch   
histochemical analysis of rat testicular glycoconjugates . 1 . subsets of n-linked saccharides in cjp jones ca morrison rw stoddart the histochemical journal 1992.0 
3.1 . ( 1993 ) . statistical sciences v s-plus inc. seattle  
floer homologies of rational homology 3-spheres r lee w li   
on discrimination and divergence a bhattacharrya proc . 29th indian sci . cong  
xmill : an efficient compressor for xml data l hartmut d suciu   
a contribution to the study of the histopathology and aetiopathogenesis of civatteâ ?? s poikiloderma ac katoulis thesis . athens greece : national and kapodistrian university of  
a test suite for programming by demonstration r potter d maulsby   
guest editor 's introduction : hardware-software codesign w wolf ieee design & test 1993.0 
reduction of redundant laboratory orders by access to computerized patient records to stair journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
an illustrated flora of the northern united states and canada nl britton a brown   
can work incentives pay for themselves ? : final report on the self-sufficiency project for welfare r ford  2003.0 
analysis of plasticizers and their metabolites in body fluids and infusates by stir bar sorptive hg wahl c peterfi a hoffmann hm liebich & hellip ; d28 proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on  
statistical comparison and evaluation of pilot protection schemes eo schweitzer iii jj kumm   
md and jl goldstein ms brown md  
indexing by statistical tagging p bouillon rh baud g robert p ruch proceedings of journees dâ ?? analyse statistique des donnees & hellip ; 2000.0 
1991 ap sheth acm sigmod record special issue on semantic issues in  
reduction of doa estimation errors caused by antenna array imperfections g sommerkamp d hampicke r klukas a richter a proc . 29th eur . microwave  
nurturing intuition through group learning aw zelman new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
a new technique for the rapid removal of tracheal mites from honey bees for biological studies and aw smith gr needham see ref  
boundary structure and curvature of convex bodies r schneider contributions to geometry  
business development in it-dependent organisations t nordstrã ¶ m m sã ¶ derstrã ¶ m o hanseth   
dittrich j. kramer t. schafer m. schneider and b. seeger . xxl-a library approach to supporting j van den bercken bb jp 27th international conference on very large data  
infinitary control flow analysis : a collecting semantics for closure analysis f nielson hr nielson proceedings of the 24th acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ; 1997.0 
online dokumentation v basic  1997.0 
optical disks . d nadeau computerworld. 1983.0 
mollusk survey of southwestern oregon with emphasis on the rogue and umpqua river drainages tj frest ej johannes deixis consultants seattle washington . v  
database and transaction processing benchmarks j gray   
pm deshpande jf naughton a. shukla â ?? simultaneous optimization and evaluation of multiple y zhao proc . acm sigmod  
md thesis r llano university of zurich zurich switzerland  
numerically stable direct least squares fitting of ellipses r halir j flusser proc .  
ionosphere effect and modeling for regional area differential gps network y gao z li proceedings of ion gps 1998.0 
scan-speech content based audio navigator : a systems overview j choi d hindle j hirschberg i magrin -   
john zahorjan the challenges of mobile computing gh forman ieee computer  
neil und p. oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil : a critique of ansi sql isolation levels h berenson p bernstein j gray jme oã cents proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference  
bayan : an arabic text database management system r king a morfeq proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1990.0 
programming of manipulation tasks of the humanoid robot armar t asfour k berns j schelling r dillmann   
nonverbal affect responses to male and female leaders : implications for leadership evaluations d butler fl geis journal of personality and social psychology  
development of a mems microsystem to study the effect of mechanical tension on cerebral cortex g lin vi wu re hainley la flanagan es monuki   
the introduction of the ox plow in central gambia pm weil see ref  
using qfd and hoshin techniques for quality strategy deployment : a study in engineering laboratories kf pun ws ma proceedings of international conference in management & hellip ;  
microtheme strategies for developing cognitive skills jc bean d drenk fd lee new directions for teaching and learning : teaching writing & hellip ;  
amalgam : a machine-learned generation module m gamon e ringger s corston-oliver   
rapid hot-pressing of ultrafine psz powders md matthews a pechenik   
bt 's mobile joint ventures and alliances td parker bt technology journal 2001.0 
exploiting inheritance and structure semantics for effective clustering in an object-oriented e chang r katz proceedings acm sigmod pages  
predator : an or-dbms with enhanced data types p seshadri m paskin proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1997.0 
effects of crop rotation and nitrogen fertilization on crop production over a 20-year period . p. 13 - ap mallarino k pecinovsky & hellip ; 1998 . northeast research and demonstration farm . isrf98â ?? 13 & hellip ;  
. 8th east-european conference on advances in databases and information systems ( adbis-04 ) 22-25 a albani b bazijanec k turowski c winnewisser budapest hungary  
iron supplementation in pregnancy k mahomed cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the 1998 htk system for transcription of conversational telephone speech t ham pc woodland tr niesler ewd whittaker   
parallel distributed processing : explorationsin the microstructureof cognition de rumelhart ge hinton rj williams volume i :  
computational frameworks for the fast fourier transform society for industrial and applied c van loan   
interface segregation and related processes in materials j nowotny  1991.0 
mining top-k covering rule groups for gene expression data g cong kl tan akh tung x xu proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
journalism ethics d elliot de cohen santa barbara california : abc-clio  
of caves ; nothing but mountains snow and water . i slept up there with stones for my pillow f hospitality   
successful use of nasal bipap in three patients previously requiring intubation and mechanical jm poponick jp renston cl emermanâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
how total quality management initiatives can inspire leadership . s westerman new directions for higher education 1994.0 
university of california santa cruz . de mchenry new directions for higher education 1993.0 
the principle of commitment ordering y raz vldb conference  
customer-focused design data in a large multi-site organization p curtis t heiserman d jobusch m notess j webb   
study on a fast profiling task of a robot with force control using feedforward of predicted contact k takahashi s aoyagi m takano procs . of the 4th japan-france congress & 2nd asia-europe & hellip ;  
bucket spreading parallel hash : a new parallel hash join method with robustness for data skew in m kitsuregawa y ogawa proceedings of international conference on very large data & hellip ;  
applying the bt operational support systems architecture s pyzer p williams d richards bt technology journal 1997.0 
flowback : providing backward recovery for workflow management systems june 1998 b kiepuszewski r muhlberger m orlowska demonstrated at  
emancipated pixels : real-world graphics in the luminous room jub ullmer h ishii proceedings of acm siggraph  
anyone who would like to review resources for r hebden   
applying formal methods to semantic-based decomposition of transactions p ammann s jajodia i ray acm transactions on database systems 1997.0 
pessimism versus populism : the problematic politics of popular culture j clarke see ref  
implementing pbl in a large class and as part of a conventional program dr woods new directions in teaching and learning â ?? l. wilkerson and & hellip ;  
new sampling-based summary statistics for improving approximate query answers . pages 331 -- 342 pb gibbons y matias  1998.0 
developing and applying the study of comparative cultures . jl barth social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
contestable markets and the theory of industry structure revised edition wj baumol jc panzar rd willig san diego  
dual-pumping schemes for efficient thulium-doped tellurite fiber amplifiers a cucinotta f poli s selleri proc . 29th eur . conf . optical  
a software system evaluation framework b germinal r pierre ieee computer  
microsoft terraserver : a spatial data warehouse . 1999 t barclay j gray d stuz microsoft  
r-trees : a dynamical index structure for spatial searching a guttman proc . of acm sigmod intâ ?? l conference  
opencorba : a reflective open broker t ledouxâ ? ¦ lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
survival with acute primary coronary artery dissection : a case report and review of the literature lap wellford tm kelly journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
peripheral participants in mediated communication a monk l watts   
ndpollex : comparative polynesian lexicon b biggs r clark electronic  
und schek h.-j. : web service composition with oâ ?? grape and osiris r weber c schuler p neukomm h schuldt proceedings of the 29th international conference on very  
security and inference in multilevel database and knowledge-base systems m morgenstern proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
a new approach to sampled data control systemsâ ?? a function space approach y yamamoto proc . 29th cdc honolulu  
buprenorphine for the management of opioid withdrawal l gowing r ali j white cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
windows 200 disk io performance l chung b worthington r horst j gray microsoft technical report ms-tr-2000-55 june  
intelligent fuel injection control using neural networks c manzie m palaniswami h watson proceedings of inst . mech eng part d  
the thermal conductivity of ice : new data on the temperature coefficient eh ratcliffe phil . mag  
improving the performance of interactive tcp applications using service differentiation w noureddine f tobagi computer networks 2002.0 
mash1 promotes neuronal differentiation in the retina k tomita s nakanishi f guillemot r kageyama genes to cells 1996.0 
trust and communicated attributions in close relationships jk rempel m ross jg holmes journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
â ?? nail patrick e. oâ ?? neil and gerhard weikum the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database jo elizabeth proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l  
m. taylor r. evolving orbit : a process report on building locales t mansfield s kaplan g fitzpatrick tf phelps proc acm group  
physics lyceum aâ ?? class y vlachos y grammatikakis v karapanagiotis p  1999.0 
where to start a geometric walk l lovasz s vempala microsoft technical  
channel network incision and patterns of mountain geomorphology eb safran  1998.0 
on modelhng behavloural semantics of data m brodle proc 7th intâ ?? l conf vldb  
exploitation exploration and process management : the productivity dilemma revisited mj benner ml tushman   
human impact on the black bear in michigan 's lower peninsula am manville international conference on bear research and management  
fuzzification of groenendijk-stokhof propositional erotetic logic l behounek   
the cerebellum as a neuronal machine jc eccles m ito j szentã ¡ gothai  1967.0 
tappi pulp . conf n liebergott  1994.0 
recent bt patents dd milne bt technology journal 1999.0 
housework as work j miller  1983.0 
moment method solution using parametric geometry '' 1994 international ieee ap-s symposium digest jm song wc chew seattle washington june  
the red queen : sex and the evolution of human nature m ridley   
computational investigation of physical processes in the igr reactor using the prizma . d program av gorin yz kandiev ym kazâ ?? min at .  
mice lacking smooth muscle calponin display increased bone formation that is associated with h yoshikawa s taniguchi h yamamura s mori m genes to cells 1998.0 
dynamic path-based software watermarking c collberg e carter s debray a huntwork j   
eliciting and modelling the design knowledge of multiple experts p hammond jc davenport submitted for publication  
an iterative method for distributed database design r blankinship vldb 1991.0 
the skill drill l wilson computerworld  
reasoning about the environment : prototypical cases and their educational implications m ranney s adams m siegel s brem & hellip ; conference on environmental education . zurich switzerland  
on the production of vibrations by forces of relatively long duration with application to the theory l rayleigh phil . mag  
wide area trafficâ ?? the failure ofâ ?? poisson modehng v paxson s floyd proc . acm  
the supported work evaluation : final benefit-cost analysis p kemper da long cvd thornton rg hollister  1981.0 
april 19 2000 hydromet manager united states bureau of reclamation boise idaho personal je doty ecology and environment inc. seattle  
detonation supported by a combustible deposit bc fan hz li proc . 26th symp . int . combustion . combustion institute & hellip ;  
defining scholarship for the twenty-first century rm diamond new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
children should be seen and not heard : the production and transgression of adults ' public space g valentine urban geography 1996.0 
how to use virtual environments for engineering projects o riedel r breining h scharm   
san sebastiã ¡ n ; madrid : festival internacional de cine de san sebastiã ¡ n ; filmoteca espaã ± ola 1995 . t partearroyo g la cava   
socialization and immigrant students ' learning in adult education programs my lee v sheared new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
oestrogens for urinary incontinence in women b moehrer a hextall s jackson cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
walls around the electronic library h king electronic library 1993.0 
gestural action units slip in speech production errors l goldstein m pouplier l chen e saltzman d   
a neuroeconomics approach to measuring human loss functions kp kã ¶ rding i fukunaga d wolpert  2004.0 
the skin of fishes including cyclostomes : epidermis m whitear biology of the integument 1986.0 
metabolism of the anthroposphere p baccini ph brunner  1991.0 
the collected writings ( cw . ) of maynard keynes jm keynes vols . i  
indexing on air t imielinski s viswanathan br badrinath proceedings of acm sigmod  
design and implementation of a biodiversity information management system bj srikanta j haritsa   
hla and congenital adrenal hyperplasia linkage confirmed da price pt klouda r harris lancet i  
are stock prices stable b lebaron a lo j taylor  1993.0 
nonlinear optics of free atoms and molecules dc hanna ma yuratich d cotter  1980.0 
fast algo . for mining assoiciation rules r agrawal r srikant proc . the 20th vldb  
teaching and learning on the world wide web s alexander proceedings of ausweb  
w. mackrell and r. bunt mobile multicast ( mom ) protocol : multicast support for mobile hosts t harrison c williamson proc . of acm mobicomâ ?? 97  
feminism and adult learning : power pedagogy and praxis . e tisdell new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
iddq testing in deep submicron integrated circuits ac miller proc . int . test conf 1999.0 
notes from the underground f dostoevsky   
an ultrastructural study of the morphology and lectin-binding properties of human mast cell granules cjp jones cj kirkpatrick rw stoddart the histochemical journal 1988.0 
personal computers play host to board array processors j molinari c preston electronic design  
folding pathways of a helix-turn-helix model protein d hoffmann ew knapp   
implementation of multiwavelength information processing using optical wave mixing w wu  1996.0 
wal t. imielinski and a. swami . mining associa . t. ion rules between sets of items in large dat r agra proc . of the acm sigmod con-ferrncc on man agement of  
the impact of policy interventions on a pre-industrial population system in the austrian alps o veichtlbauer e hanser a zeileis f leisch unpublished manuscript  
biogeochemistry : an analysis of global change : academic press wh schlesinger san diego  
comparison of view-based object recognition algorithms using realistic 3d models v blanz b schoelkopf h buelthoff c burges v lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
fault-tolerant systems in commercial applications o serlin ieee computer  
andjohnstone im ( 1992a ) minimaxestimationviawaveletshrinkage dl donoho technical report department of statistics stanford  
an effective hash algorithm for mining association rules j park m chen p yu proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference  
antidepressants for depression in medical illness d gill s hatcher cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
transport for the disabled r gant geography  
neural networks for fast and efficient classification of multispectral remote sensing data n vassilas s perantonis e charou s varoufakis & hellip ; conference on informatics athens greece . available at : www & hellip ;  
which non-native speaker ? differences between international students and us resident ( language jm reid new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
graf and k. wang speech assisted video processing : interpolation and lowâ bitrate coding hp chen proc . 28th asilomar conference pacific grove october  
1023 part ii question 10a f eg   
s. byrd roy . j. and heidorn george . e. 1985 . '' extracting semantic hierarchies from a large on - m chodorow proceedings of the 23rd  
vedanta treatise a parthasarathy  1984.0 
a first look at the results of the 1994 carnegie mellon survey of industrial r & d in the united wm cohen rr nelson j walsh unpublished manuscript  
the age of adaptive computing is here p master lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
efficient implementation of gaussian processes for interpolation mn gibbs djc mackay unpublished manuscript  
monitoring business processes through event correlation based on dependency model a adi d botzer o etzion t yatzkar-haham   
the query by image content system j ashley m flickner j hafner d lee w niblack proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference  
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource bt technology journal i dufour bt technology journal 2004.0 
systems and prototypes j patel acm sigmod record 2002.0 
hemorrhagic disease in wildlife in the united states ew howerth de stallknect  2002.0 
editors . a glossary of temporal database concepts cs jensen j cliord r elmasri sk gadia p hayes acm sigmod  
geologic controls on distribution of hydrothermal vents on the superfast-spreading southern east jmh o & apos neill  1998.0 
assessing post-bankruptcy performance : an analysis of reorganized firms ' cash flows mj alderson bl betker   
quantum inverse scattering method correlation functions and algebraic bethe ansatz ve korepin ag izergin nm bogoliubov cambridge to appear in  
microsoft excel 2000/visual basic for applications fundamentals r jacobson  1999.0 
g6ochimie de l'iode dans les principaux types de sols franais a saas extrait du procs verbal de la s6ance du  
physico-chemical bases of microbial adhesion . pg rouxhet n mozes & hellip ; of research and demonstration projects . elsevier applied & hellip ; 1987.0 
histological typing of female genital tract tumours re scullyâ ? ¦  1994.0 
the x-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional data . 22 ndint sd berchtold d keim hp kriegel conf . on very large data bases  
diurnal variation in flight performance and hence potential predation risk in small birds nb metcalfe se ure proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
experimentelle analyse der mischungstruktur in turbulenten nicht vorgemischten flammen m flury  1999.0 
mri atlas of the human cerebellum academic press j schmahmann j doyon aw toga m petrides ac san diego  
a-molina und a. paepcke : starts : stanford proposal for internet meta-searching l gravano cck chang h garc proc . of the 1997 acm sigmod int . conference on management & hellip ;  
illiberal education : the politics of race and sex on campus 1991  1991.0 
efficient factorization of linear ode 's f schwarz   
institutional approaches in economic geography r martin companion to economic geography 2000.0 
an overview of location-based services td ` roza g bilchev bt technology journal 2003.0 
cm * - a modular multi-microprocessor rj swan sh fuller dp siewiorek proc . afips  
adems an adaptable and extensible mediation service application to biological sources g bruno proceedings of the 28th international conference on vldb  
splus reference manual ra becker jm chambers ar wilks  1991.0 
service-oriented bi : towards tight integration of business intelligence into operational m dill a kraiss s sigg t zurek proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
modeling and visualization of 3d polygonal mesh surfaces using geometric algebra md zaharia l dorst submitted for  
fast sequential and parallel algorithms for association rule mining : a comparison university of a mueller md  
vehicle dynamics modelling for the national advanced driving simulator gj heydinger mk salaani wr garrott pa grygier   
pencigraphyâ ?? with agc : joint parameter estimation in both domain and range of functions in same s mann   
integrations inquiry of theory and method h feng  2001.0 
the price of wireless shopping b machrone pc magazine  
on a limitation of ban logic c boyd w mao lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
auditors mount campaign for dp abuse laws . gf mclean b johnson computerworld. 1982.0 
application of 3 d-preconditioning for the prediction of helicopter fuselage drag considering hf von geyr n kroll european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
inhaled corticosteroids for cystic fibrosis c dezateux s walters i balfour-lynn cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
individual psychodynamic psychotherapy and psychoanalysis for schizophrenia and severe mental l malmberg m fenton cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
a few remarks on the assortment problem w sadowski management science 1959.0 
path constraints on structured and semistructured data p buneman w fan s weinstein proc . acm pods conference  
integrating sql databases with contentspecic search engines s deloch nm mattos proc . vldb s  
the exodus query optimizer g grã $ fe d dewitt proc . acm sigmod  
j. : ullman . implementing data cubes efficiently v harinarayan a rajaraman proc . of acm-sigmod int â ?? l conference on management of & hellip ;  
to appear in the proceedings of the astrophysics of gravitational wave sources college park k gultekin mc miller dp hamilton md  
rr independence is good : dependency-based histogram synopses for high-dimensional data a deshpande mn garofalakis proc . 2001 acm sigmod intl. conf . managment of  
why decision support fails and how to fix it r kimball k strehlo acm sigmod record 1995.0 
multi-modal perception mp hollier an rimell ds hands rm voelcker bt technology journal 1999.0 
parlay-based service engineering in a converged internet-pstn environment mk perdikeas is venieris computer networks 2001.0 
estimating aggregates on a peer-to-peer network m bawa h garcia-molina a gionis r motwani submitted for publication 2004.0 
dynamic storage allocation : a survey and critical review pr wilson ms johnstone m neely d boles lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
heterocyclic amines in cooked foods : possible human carcinogens sr tannenbaum wg stillwell h ji pl skipper mc proceedings of the 23rd international symposium of the  
the th nieweg ho kapsenberg m langenhuysen jg : demonstration of igm cytomegalovirus-antibodies as an & hellip ;  
sectioned systems bg dubovskii at .  
individual differences in environmental spatial cognition m hegarty dr montello & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa barbara  
owl rules : a proposal and prototype implementation i horrocks pf patel-schneider s bechhofer d journal of web semantics 2005.0 
catastrophic neck-flow transition during laser-heated drawing d poly ( ethylene terephthalate ) fiber y ohkoshi j watanabe w okumura y gotoh m senâ ?? i gakkaishi  
gf ( 4 ) - representations of bias matroids of signed graphs : the 3-connected case . s pagano   
the powerset operator as an algebraic tool for understanding least fixpoint semantics in the context m gyssens d van gucht proc . of the a cm-sigmod intl. conf . on management of data  
movement disorders as a manifestation of nonketotic hyperglycaemia c moores d dire journal of emergency medicine  
unveiling some of the mystery of professional judgment in classroom assessment bw speck new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
computing commonsense p singh m minsky i eslick bt technology journal 2004.0 
assessing the program environment : implications for program evaluation and design rh moos new directions for program evaluation  
the origin of the winnerâ ?? s curse g charness d levin  2005.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil '' mj carey dj dewitt & hellip ; conferenceonverylargedatabases bombay india september  
network processor requirements and benchmarking f arts p barri i clemminck a niemegeers b computer networks 2003.0 
nightcap measurement of sleep quality in self-described good and poor sleepers ef pace-schott j kaji r stickgold ja hobson sleep-new york - 1994.0 
generalised prioritisation : a new way of combining similarity metrics a ferguson d bridge   
word learning and the growth of potentially knowable vocabulary jm anglin tm alexander cj johnson submitted for publication  
can brown be green ? lessons from one university 's quest for environmental responsibility . j corless h ward new directions for higher education 1992.0 
effects of feeding different protein/energy levels and essential fatty acids on growth physiology e fountoulaki  2004.0 
astron . & astrophys d villani s di serego alighieri  1998.0 
beneficial effects of nalmefene augmentation in neuroleptic-stabilized schizophrenic patients mh rapaport o wolkowitz jr kelsoe c pato neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
specification and verification of concurrent programs by forall-automata z manna a pnueli lecture notes in computer science 1987.0 
performance enhancements for hybrid hash join g graefe submitted for publication 1993.0 
antibiotics/antiinflammatories for reducing acute inflammatory episodes in lymphoedema of the limbs c badger k seers n preston p mortimer cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
rapidly building synchronous collaborative applications by direct manipulation g banavar s doddapaneni k miller b mukherjee   
explanation for optical frequency dependent polarization in blazars ( abstract only ) l valtaoja oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
an efficient cost-driven index selection tool for microsoft sql server s chaudhuri v narasayya vldb 1997.0 
a phonology of ngyemb oo n-bamileke sc anderson unpublished manuscript  
identifying density-based local outliers mm bruenig hp kriegel rt ng j sander proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
data base machines with large content-addressable blocks and structural information processors ds kerr ieee computer  
development and sustainability of community health insurance in thailand s supakankunti ficosser meeting on health care financing athens greece & hellip ;  
graphic visualization and animation of lotos execution traces b stepien l logrippo computer networks 2002.0 
lineage tracing for general data warehouse transformations y cui j widom the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
the web services debate j2ee vs. . net j williams communications of the acm 2003.0 
critical issues and dilemmas for adult literacy programs under welfare reform b sparks new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
arithmetic or algebra ? w doorenâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 25 thconference of the pme . utrecht nl  
a geochemical assessment of sedimentation and contamination distributions in the hudson-raritan cr olsen il larsen rh brewster nh cutshall rf md  
join and semijoin algorithms for a multiprocessor database machine p valduriez g gardarin acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 
vertical migration of radionuclides in the soil of the eastern ural wake and its effect on the va baturin at .  
obstruction-free synchronization : double-ended queues as an example v luchangco m moir n shavit proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;  
the architecture of an active object-oriented database system d mccarthy u dayal proc . 1989 acm-sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
component image and factor analysis of tests of intellect and of motor performance cw harris mr liba  1965.0 
b. kriegel . h.-p. : â ?? techniques for design and jmplementatiut of bfiicient spatial access methods sk seeger proc . is * int . conf . on vldb  
a reduction for asymptotic teichmuller spaces h miyachi   
teaching and learning internet skills b cahoon new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
window inference in isabelle m staples proceedings : isabelle users workshop 1995.0 
homeopathy for chronic asthma k linde ka jobst cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the motion of a sphere in a viscous fluid hs allen phil . mag  
the distributed implementation generator : an overview and user guide technikal report ncsl/sna 91/3 r sijelmassi b strausser   
optical wdma network design and function placement v yau computer networks 1999.0 
explaining mfipâ ?? s impacts by housing status . c miller unpublished paper . new york : manpower demonstration research & hellip ;  
an efficient algorithm for mining association rules in large databases aseos navathe   
safe passage . k bannan pc magazine  
statistical database management hkt wong proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
multidimensional access methods : trees have grown t sellis n roussopoulos c faloutsos   
stability and optimal control of nonlinear descriptor systems : a survey pc mueller applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
exploiting parcel-level gis for land use modeling p waddell t moore s edwards   
bidirectional proximity search in graph databases r desai s sudarshan proceedings of 30th vldb conference 2004.0 
renâ · ee pohlmann . viewing stemming as recall enhancement w kraaij proceedings of acm-sigir96  
mapping extended entity relationship model to object modeling technique j fong sigmod record 1995.0 
sgml : itâ ?? s still a la carte . '' j karney pc magazine  
delfosnetx : a workbench for xml-based information retrieval systems m fernandez p pavon j rodrä ± guez l anido m procs . of the 7th international symposium of string & hellip ;  
spectral theory for non-quasianalytic representations of locally compact abelian groups '' monograph sz huang   
tumours of the jaws in the eastern cape . t perl proc int acad oral pathol 1969.0 
a note on the viscosity of gases and molecular mean free path ae schuil phil . mag  
optimal grid : grid middleware for high performance computational biology j kaufman t lehman research report ibm almaden research center . email : { kaufman  
micro-organisms of cheese brine e litopoulou-tzanetaki  1984.0 
automatic extraction of structured records from free text c veda s sarawagi   
beyond aop : toward naturalistic programming cv lopes p dourish dh lorenz k lieberherr   
diversity among disciplines : the same goals for all ? . js stark lr lattuca new directions for higher education 1994.0 
optimal structure of flow in a gas centrifuge for separating uranium isotopes vd borisevich ev levin vv naumochkin at .  
integration fever m kennedy computerworld  
the grid file : an adaptable symmetric multikey file structure j nievergelt h hinterberger kc sevcik acm transactions on database 1984.0 
report on the lgth razilian symposium on databases ( sbbd 2004 ) sc lifschitz ahf laender sigmod record 2005.0 
an evaluation of evolved term-weighting schemes in information retrieval r cummins coâ ?? riordan proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
the process of transformation : steps toward change . jm tarule new directions for higher education 1980.0 
a framework for modeling and evaluating automatic semantic reconciliation a gal a anaby-tavor a trombetta d montesi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
handhelds go to school d tatar j roschelle p vahey wr penuel ieee computer  
mentoring faculty for midcareer issues dw wheeler bj wheeler new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
the case of the missing scales : a commentary on cox dr judd political geography 1998.0 
uml class diagrams revisited in the context of agent-based systems b bauer lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
structural chemistry of silicates f liebau  1985.0 
characterization of a monoclonal antibody ( 6g12 ) recognizing the cynomolgus monkey cd3 antigen t kawai j wong j maclean ab cosimi transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
muslims refuse to worship in dome . v combe electronic telegraph  
vic : a flexible frameworkforpacketvideo s mccanne v jacobson proc . of acm  
angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors in normotensive diabetic patients with microalbuminuria hg lovell cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
whose power is it anyway ? pm hughes g cosier bt technology journal 2001.0 
b.â $ ozden . resource scheduling for composite multimedia objects . tech mn garofalakis ye ioannidis memorandum bl0112330-980225-03tm bell laboratories february  
prehistoric rock paintings of the seminole canyon area val verde county texas d gebhard r thomas c pierson  1965.0 
intravenous immunoglobulins for multiple sclerosis o gray gv mcdonnell rb forbes cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
high frequency components recovery in music signals m brejl v sebesta radioengineering-prague - 1999.0 
a new approach to computing optimal schedules for the job-shop scheduling problem p martin db shmoys lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
capbased-ams - a framework for capability-based and event-driven activity management system k karlapalem hp yeung pck hung   
a structural equation test of the value-attitude-behavior hierarchy pm homer lr kahle journal of personality and social psychology  
korostynska 0. and harris j. â ?? yradiation dosimetry using screen printed nickel oxide thick k arshak proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;  
zooplankton vertical migration and the active transport of dissolved organic and inorganic carbon in dk steinberg ca carlson nr bates sa goldthwait   
im everywhere c metz j clyman m todd pc magazine  
r 1976 compton scattering with 412 kev y-radiation m cooper p pattison jr schneider phil . mag  
keuning 1995 . 128 blz. afbn. krtn b baarn   
managing intervals efficiently in object-relational databases hp kriegel m poetke t seidl vldb 2000.0 
modal analysis of aeroelastic response of a hovering rotor - the impact of the mode choice m gennaretti a corbelli f mastroddi l balis european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
adoption of an organizational practice by subsidiaries of multinational corporations : institutional t kostova k roth academy of management journal 2002.0 
optional properties versus subtyping in conceptual modeling : a theory and empirical test f bodart r weber   
interactions and reactions in reserved miceues jh fendler acc . chem . res  
on the search for a molecular mechanism of cytoplasmic inheritance : past controversy present ks chiang see . ref  
theoretical modeling of orificed hollow cathode discharges a salhi pj turchi proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion & hellip ;  
the empirical content of nash-bargained household behavior mb mcelroy the journal of human resources 1990.0 
first leaves : a tutorial introduction to maple v bw char ko geddesâ ? ¦  1993.0 
statistical sampling strategies th andres procs nea workshop on uncertainty analysis for performance & hellip ;  
perturbation analysis of optimization problems jf bonnans a shapiro  2000.0 
properties and update semantics of consistent views g gottlob p paolini r zicari acm transactions on database systems 1988.0 
integrated concurrency control and recovery mechanisms : design and performance evaluation r agrawal dj dewitt acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
mems-based thermal management of electronics using spray impingement jy murthy ch amon k gabriel p kumta sc yao proc . int . electronic packaging  
fotochemische theorie des atmosph/irischen ozons unter berlicksichtigung von nichtgleichgewichtszust hu dotsch ph. d. thesis university of zurich switzerland  
health health care and welfare in greece a sissouras k souliotis  2003.0 
key differences beiween http/1 .0 and http/1 .1 b krishmmurthy  1999.0 
a model of ceo dismissal jw fredrickson dc hambrick s baumrin the academy of management review 1988.0 
interrelationships between zinc and immune function pj fraker me gershwin ra good a prasad fed proc 1986.0 
neic system speeds processing of health insurance claims . d raimondi computerworld. 1984.0 
concurrent evaluation of machinability during product design sk gupta g zhang   
semantic query optlmlzatlon in expert systems and database systems eds 3984 326-341 epstein r us chakravarthy dh flshman j mlnker proc acm sigmod conference austin pp  
a guide to the identification and natural history of the sparrows of the united states and canada : jd rising san diego california  
multimedia-miner : a system prototype formultimedia data mining or zaiane j hanâ ? ¦ proc . of1998acm sigmod conf on management of data . seattle  
dataspace : 3-d visualization of large databases v anupam s dar t leibfried e petajan proc . int &#39; l symp . information visualization  
the new frontier of technology transfer . ga erickson dr baldwin new directions for higher education 1988.0 
dynamic query execution plans g graefe k ward proceedings of the acm sigmod conference ( may  
spatial interactions among employment and population groups c bollinger k ihlanfeldt  2000.0 
on the use of bayesian belief networks for the prediction of software productivity i stamelos l angelis p dimou e sakellaris information & software technology 2003.0 
towards a theory of cost management for digital libraries and electronic commerce ap sistla o wolfson y yesha rh sloan acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 
decadal variability in the composition of faroe shetland channel bottom water wr turrell g slesser rd adams r payne pa   
gestion des populations d'auxilaires : recolonization naturelle ou introduction de phytoseiides en s kreiter g sentenac proceedings â ?? journee dâ ?? informations sur les auxiliaires & hellip ; 1995.0 
panel on time and databases g ariav j clifford m jarke proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
anytime anywhere learning pilot programme : end of first phase implementation ( september 1998â ?? d passey k forsyth d hutchison a scott s reading : microsoft  
financial work incentives for low-wage workers : encouraging work reducing poverty and benefiting c michalopoulos   
transplantation of livers from non-heart-beating donors is possible by core cooling technique t hoshino i koyama n nagashima m kadokura m transplant proc 1989.0 
an annotated bibliography on real-time database systems o ulusoy sigmod record 1995.0 
fty720 alters lymphocyte homing and protects allografts without inducing general immunosuppression v brinkmann s chen l feng d pinschewer z transplantation proceedings 2001.0 
magic : manual and gaze input cascaded s zhai c morimoto s ihde  1999.0 
the gradual threshold model of ambivalence : relating the positive and negative bases of attitudes to jr priester re petty journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
foreword kc woollard bt technology journal 1998.0 
a symbolic computation toolbox for the design of dynamical adaptive nonlinear controllers em rios-bolivar asi zinober applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
. net vs. j2ee g miller communications-acm 2003.0 
abruptio placentae : perinatal outcome in normotensive and hypertensive patients . m morgan k berkowitz s thomas journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
effect of sod culture system of bahia grass ( paspalum notatum flã 1/4 gge . ) on vesicular-arbuscular t ishii yh shrestha k kadoya proc . int . soc . citriculture  
mr. lowell and mr. edwards de wiebe wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1962.0 
alpha-interferon for acute hepatitis c in liver transplant patients v vargas r charco l castells r esteban transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
acoustic methods for the remote probing of the lower atmosphere cg little proc . ieee  
the youth entitlement demonstration : an interim report on program implementation j ball  1979.0 
automatic tuning of optimal pid controllers m zhaung dp atherton proceedings iee pt . d  
'' lolita '' : the springboard of parody a appel jr wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
the magicboard f bã © rard  1999.0 
on building an infrastructure for mobile and wireless systems : report on the nsf workshop on an b kã ¶ nig-ries k makki s makki c perkins n acm sigmod record 2002.0 
efficiency of the si engine fuelled with methanol-gasoline blends a kowalewicz proceedings-institution of mechanical engineers part d & hellip ; 1994.0 
development of an evaluation model for the importance the causes and the consequences of oil marine np ventikos national technical university of athens greece  
â ? ³ formal model of correctness without serializability.â ? ³ acm sigmod international conference on h korth g speegle sigmod record  
query containment and rewriting using views for regular path queries under constraints g grahne a thomo   
probiotics for treating infectious diarrhoea sj allen b okoko e martinez g gregorio lf dans cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
phenotypic analysis of null mutants for de-cadherin and armadillo in drosophila ovaries reveals h oda t uemura m takeichi genes to cells 1997.0 
performance and scalability of client-server database architectures '' 18th intl a delis n roussopoulos conf . on very large data bases vancouver bc canada  
access method concurrency control with recovery d lomet b salzberg acm sigmod conf . on the management of data  
looking beyond bakke . aw astin new directions for higher education 1978.0 
visualizing the pulse of a classroom m chen proceedings of acm multimedia 2003 2003.0 
development and validation of ego identity status je marcia journal of personality and social psychology 1966.0 
structure and function of epigeic animal communities with emphasis in the lizard podarcis milensis ( c adamopoulou  1999.0 
biological control of aphids in lettuce using in-field insectaries we chaney see ref  
breakthrough in the commercial culture of eucheuma spinosum in northern bohol philippines jr lim h porse proc . int . seaweed symp  
the neighborhood jobs initiative : an early report on the vision and challenges of bringing an f molina lc nelson  2001.0 
change detection in hierarchically structured information ss chawathe a rajaraman h garcia-molina j widom sigmod conference 1996.0 
the design and implcmentahon of ingres m stonebraker e wong p krcps acm tods  
what is a customer ? the beginnings of a reference ontology for customer c partridge & hellip ; oopsla workshop on behavioral semantics seattle washington & hellip ;  
experimental comparison of face/non-face classifiers e hjelmas i farup procs . of the third international conference on audio-and & hellip ;  
analysis of the performance of subcarrier multiplexed ( scm ) optical systems s betti e bravi m giaconi computer networks 2000.0 
a rule-based objectflask modeling approach q chen acm sigmod record  
infinitely variable transmissions with automatic regulation g mantriota proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
- and post-perihelion spectroscopic observations of comet kohoutek ( 1973f ) s wyckoff p wehinger study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
data structure for association rule mining : t-trees and p-trees f coenen p leng s ahmed ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
assessing students ' written projects r gray new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
monitoring and measuring distributed systems d wybranietz d haban acm press frontier series 1990.0 
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial indexing a guttman proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
lixquery : a formal foundation for xquery research j hidders p michiels j paredaens r vercammen sigmod record 2005.0 
also availabie as ibm research report rjssb7 ibm almaden research center march 1992 . mohan c. ibm m mohas3 alegre proc acm sig mod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
improving inferences from multiple methods rl shotland mm mark new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 
an evaluation of the impact of component-based architectures on software reusability k mcarthur h saiedian m zand information & software technology 2002.0 
personalized conversational case-based recommendation mh goker ca thompson lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
maintaining availability in partitioned replicated databases . a el abbadi s toueg acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
entity-relationship approach to the conceptual schema design h sakai proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1980.0 
composite event specification in active databases : model & implementation nh gehani hv jagadish vldb 1992.0 
the expressive power of modalized purely implicational calculi mi kanovich technical report . stanford university center for the study of  
incremental maintenance of schema-restructuring views in schemasql a koeller ea rundensteiner knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
putting active learning into multimedia applications : dynamic definition and refinement of concept m chen m christel a hauptmann h wactlar proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
unbundling active functionality s gatziu a koschel h fritschi sigmod record 1998.0 
an unfinished symphony mp3 market waits in the wings while the recording industry whistles in the b roberts electronic business 2001.0 
recognizing financial distress patterns using a neural network tool pk coats   
acyclic formulas and minimal unsatisability s szeider   
the indiana center for database systems at purdue university m ouzzani s prabhakar js vitter x zhang wg acm sigmod record 2005.0 
aggregation in constraint databases gm kuper   
transport analysis results of the ion bernstein wave experiment on the ftu tokamak r cesarioâ ? ¦ proc . 28th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;  
real-time content analysis and adaptive transmission of lecture videos for mobile applications t liu c choudary proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
low-energy electron-collision cross-section data . part i. ionization dissociation vibrational lj kieffer at . data 1969.0 
improving pointer-based codes through cache-conscious data placement t chilimbi j larus m hill submitted for publication  
the r + - tree : a dynamic index for multi-dimensional objects t settis n roussopoulos c faloutsos proc . 13 vldb conference brighton  
circulating icam-1 in amniotic fluid maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein levels and intrauterine c salafia e mainolfi p almaguer ja kelly j  1992.0 
dynamically distributed query evaluation j trevor d suciu proceedings of the twentieth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart  
simd-bildverarbeitungsalgorithmen mit dem multimedia extension-instruktionssatz ( mmx ) von intel b jahne automatisierungstechnik at  
systematic synthesis of analogue circuitsâ ?? part iii : all-transistor circuit synthesis dg haigh fq tan c papavassiliou procs 2004 ieee international symposium on circuits and & hellip ;  
expresso brews up java apps f hayes computerworld  
the child is father of the man : personality continuities from childhood to adulthood a caspi journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
an algorithm for convex polytopes dr chand ss kapur journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1970.0 
response of riparian shrubs to declining water availability . p. 48-51 k boggs t weaver & hellip ; d. bedunah and cl wambolt ( compilers ) proceedings - & hellip ;  
on line processing of compacted relations f bancilhon p richard m scholl vldb 1982.0 
introduction to the conll-2005 shared task : semantic role labeling x carreras l mã rquez proceedings of conll-2005  
end-to-end packet delay and loss behavior in the internet b jean-chrysostome proceedings of acm sigcomm  
mixed reality applications in urban environments j bulman b crabtree a gower a oldroyd m lawson bt technology journal 2004.0 
distribution of chemical contaminants in wild fish species in the washington dc area . icprb report # dj velinsky jc cummins md  
accountability and complexity of thought pe tetlock journal of personality and social psychology  
adapting to route-demand and mobility in ad hoc network routing s ahn au shankar computer networks 2002.0 
adventures in space and time : browsing personal collections of geo-referenced digital photographs m naaman s harada q wang a paepcke technical report stanford university april 2004 . submitted for  
elektrische bodenstabilizierung fp jaecklin  1968.0 
primary maternal preoccupation dw winnicott through paediatrics to psychoanalysis 1956.0 
knowledge management and organization r rudi pa saå ¡ a fifth international conference on management of innovative & hellip ;  
bodytalk and the bodynet : a personal information infrastructure personal information architecture o shivers  1993.0 
some info that may be helpful in mfipâ ?? afdc assistance category changes in swim . g hamilton internal memo . new york : manpower demonstration research & hellip ;  
outdoor education and its educational objectives p smith geography  
northwest productivity takes off with imaging . e booker computerworld. 1991.0 
wang. hj ( 1997 ) online aggregation jm hellerstein pj haas proc . acmâ ?? sigmod conference on management of  
a review of recent work on multi-attribute access methods d lomet sigmod record 1992.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotation in cl mcarthur j gorchynski c rooke g hamilton journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
the purpose of human resource development is to improve organizational performance ra swanson de arnold new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
linear forests and ordered cycles g chen   
getting the best of both worlds . ns friedman new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
soliton propagation in the presence of source chirping and mutual interaction in single-mode optical c desem pl chu electronic letters  
using a landscape metaphor to represent a corpus of documents m chalmers lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
some properties of resonance radiation and excited atoms kt compton phil . mag  
public displays of connection j donath d boyd bt technology journal 2004.0 
performance analysis of dataparallel programs vs adve c koelbel jm mellor-crummey submitted to supercomputing  
channel coordination and quantity discounts zk weng management science 1995.0 
compiling with reflections a sabry p wadler proceedings of the 1996 acm sigplan international conference & hellip ;  
s. 1959 zs basinski phil . mag  
social dominance orientation : a personality variable relevant to social roles and intergroup f pratto j sidanius lm stallworth bf malle journal of personality and social psychology  
m4d4e 4tude de litt4rature compar4e l mallinger paris  
the domino project ad law ms sloman jd moffett data management â ?? 90 conference egham uk  
recruit with your head retain with your heart d foote computerworld  
buffer management based on return on consumption in a multi-query environment ps yu dw cornell the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
molecular basis for erythrocyte shape a elgsaeter a mikkelsen aip conference proceedings 1991.0 
relaxed multijava : balancing extensibility and modular typechecking t millstein m reay c chambers   
control-flow semantics of use cases in uml kg van den berg ajh simons   
handbuch der laplace-transformation vol . 1 g doetsch i ( birkhauser basel  
the mouse brain kbj franklin g paxinos san diego : academic  
qe . 1994 . the changing office pc mag pc  
algorithms for loading object databases jl wiener  1995.0 
international union of crystalography congress v pichon-pesme h lachekar c lecomte seattle washington usa  
tricyclic drugs for depression in children and adolescents p hazell doâ ?? connell d heathcote d henry cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
precomputation for intra-domain qos routing y cui j wu k xu y cui j wu k xu computer networks 2005.0 
azathioprine for treating rheumatoid arthritis me suarez-almazor c spooner e belseck cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
report of the third banff conference on allograft pathology ( july 20-24 1995 ) on classification and k solez h benediktsson t cavallo b croker aj transplant proc 1996.0 
multiphase flow and fluidization academic press d gidaspow san diego usa  
additive utility without restricted solvability on all components c gonzales submitted for publication  
evaluation of melpomene interns and girls project : â ?? role models and mentoringâ ?? for melpomene dm besse  2001.0 
contributors to the efda-jet workprogramme 2001 analysis of shaping effects on sawteeth in jet pc de vries a pochelon mf johnson mff nave df proc . 28th eps conf . on controlled fusion and plasma physics  
graphical interaction with heterogeneous databases t catarci g santucci j cardiff the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
correcting the functionality of a wirepipelined circuit v nookala ss sapatnekar proc . acm/ieee dac  
the basic attractor of the viscous moore-greitzer equation ha hauksson  1998.0 
critical business decisions for internet services j bailey l mcknight h sharifi   
minkowski-metrics as a combination rule for digital-image-coding impairments h de ridder proc . spie 1992.0 
fin-syn repeal has yet to pay off d mermigas electronic media  
data mining using two-dimensional optimized association rules for numeric attributes : scheme t fukuda y morimoto s morishita t tokuyama acm sigmod conference proceedings  
activity-based information retrieval m lamming w newman & hellip ; computers and intelligent systems : information processing &#39; & hellip ;  
the at-your-service asp b grames pc  
data structures for an integrated data base management and information retrieval system hj schek p pistor vldb 1982.0 
case veterans say : look before you leap . r hamilton   
using children 's literature to teach about the american revolution . jj drake fd drake social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
the doom phenomenon nj rubenking pc magazine  
an approach to interactive media system for mobile devices es ryu c yoo proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
coupled hydro-mechanical instabilities in porous media m stavropoulou  1996.0 
for image retrieval e chang s tong   
andr . ramakrishnan . the case forenhanced abstract data types p seshadri m livny inproceedings of the23th vldb conference athens greece & hellip ;  
the study on third harmonic gyrotron with complex cavity l hongfu d pinzhong y shiwen h yong w wenxiang proc . conf . dig . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter & hellip ;  
improved histograms for selectivity estimation of range predicates proc . of the 1996 acm sigmod v poosala ye ioannidis pj haas ej shekita  1996.0 
examples for the algorithmic calculation of formal puisieux laurent and power series w koepf acm sigsam bulletin 1993.0 
an analysis of errors and their causes in system programs a endres acm sigplan notices 1975.0 
wright mh usersâ ?? s guide for npsol ( version 4.0 ) : a fortran package for non-linear programming pe gill w murray ma saunders technical report department of operations research stanford  
multiscan-based test compression and hardware decompression using lz77 fg wolff c papachristou proc . int . test conf 2002.0 
effects of ego threat and threat of pain on state anxiety wf hodges journal of personality and social psychology 1968.0 
an anytime algorithm for scheduling of aircraft landing times using genetic algorithms v ciesielski p scerri & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems 1997.0 
smiths ` sea fishes mm smith pc heemstra  1986.0 
finite quantum electrodynamics g scharf  1995.0 
visualisation interactive dâ ?? information m hascoã `` t m beaudouin-lafon   
early stage microarchitectural design for lifetime reliability j srinivasan sv adve p bose ja rivers submitted for  
component based gis application development d tepovich d anderson m ledbetter & hellip ; am/fm international conference xix seattle washington & hellip ;  
mips-x internal and external caches a agarwal m horowitz technical report computer systems laboratory stanford  
the effect of relational background knowledge on learning of protein three-dimensional fold m turcotte s muggleton m sternberg machine learning 2001.0 
serum hepatitis g virus rna in patients with chronic viral hepatitis a marrone w shih y nakatsuji journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
parasitic authentication to protect your e-wallet t ebringer p thorne   
techniques for design and implementation of efficient spatial access methods b seeger hp kriegel vldb 1988.0 
animating human athletics ck liu z popovic proc . acm siggraph  
context effects in communication m manis journal of personality and social psychology 1967.0 
the effect of skewed data access on buffer hits and data contention an a data sharing environment a dan dm dias ps yu vldb 1990.0 
educational development at a moderate-sized university . ar shucard new directions for higher education 1978.0 
strategic directions in database systems { breaking out of the box . acm computing surveys 28 ( 4 ) : a silberschatz s zdonik je blakeley p buneman  1996.0 
relational data-base management systems dd chamberlin acm computing surveys ( csur ) 1976.0 
findingcandidatekeysforrelational data bases fj fadousr & hellip ; - sigmod international conference on management of data san & hellip ;  
proof planning with multiple strategies e melis a meier lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
promulgating statements of student rights and responsibilities ae bayer new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
lynne and benjamin robert . i. 1997 . are you gambling on a magic bullet m markus   
evidence for circulating bone marrow-derived endothelial cells q shi s rafii es wijelath c yu a ishida y blood-new york - 1998.0 
educating engineers to manage technology : an international comparison dl babcock be lloyd   
spinat : spi multiplexed nat for secure and efficient mobility j ylitalo p nikander unpublished  
nonmetric multidimensional scaling . jb kruskal  1966.0 
'' four quartets '' : setting love in order ak weatherhead wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1962.0 
a fault tolerant object transaction service in corba w lo d liang ym kao sm yuan ys chang proc . 21st ann . int &#39; l computer software and application conf  
long pulse operation of a 0.5 mw-118 ghz gyrotron with cryogenic window s alberti o braz p garin e giguet m pain ph proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves & hellip ;  
ibm 8265 atm backbone switch software architecture h alaiwan computer networks 1999.0 
a new mammalian period gene predominantly expressed in the suprachiasmatic nucleus t takumi c matsubara y shigeyoshi k taguchi k genes to cells 1998.0 
html & xml for beginners m morrison  2001.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : mf boyle ma eilers rl hunt j krohmer gc journal of emergency medicine 1990.0 
personalize or perish af lã 1/4 di   
the development of tas : preparing for the future while enhancing the present . md svinicki new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
a model for the biological precipitation of precambrian iron formation : part a. geological evidence gl laberge ei robbins tm han  1987.0 
performance modellingâ ?? what why when and how p singleton bt technology journal 2002.0 
addison-wesley 1994 s bellovin   
radical novelty in the borderless world ; towards teacherless and campus-less learning programmes r sadananda   
photorouter : destination-centric mobile media messaging s ahern s king h qu m davis   
selection of storm water pollutant loading factors k cave t quarsebarth e harold rouge river national wet weather demonstration project & hellip ;  
a guide to the antitrust economics of networks ds evans r schmalensee antitrust  
database research at the university of oklahoma . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
cache coherence protocol specification â ?? alewife systems memo # 5 d chaiken  1990.0 
indexing and retrieval of 3d models aided by active learning c zhang t chen   
sputnik [ cd-rom ] jn tatarewicz microsoftâ ® encarta  
kernel k-means spectral clustering and normalized cuts is dhillon y guan b kulis   
algebraic description of relative a ne structure : connections to euclidean ane and projective n navab a shashua technical report 270 media laboratory massachusetts institute  
the prevalence of affective and other disorders among older adolescents pm lewinsohn h hops re roberts jr seeley submitted for publication  
turbocharger motorâ ?? generator for improvement of transient performance in an internal combustion j panting kr pullen rf martinez-botas proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
r-trees : a dynamic index structurefor spatial searching a guttman proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of  
optimizing queries on compressed bitmaps s amer-yahia t johnson proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 
on selfish routing in internet-like environments l qiu yr yang y zhang s shenker   
savage inequalities : children in americaâ ?? s schools j kozol   
clamp and clamp loader structures of the human checkpoint protein complexes rad9-1-1 and rad17-rfc y shiomi a shinozaki d nakada k sugimoto j genes to cells 2002.0 
programs for tas in the context of campus policies and priorities r smock rj menges new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
the orgasmic functioning questionnaire ( ofq ) cm meston s jung l hanson bb gorzalka unpublished manuscript  
animationstechniken in win32 n thomson  1992.0 
protecting the pipe from malicious peers b cooper m bawa n daswani h garcia-molina submitted for  
molecular dynamics simulations of biomolecules ( editorial ) m karplus acc . chem . res  
calcification of rachitic cartilage to study matrix vesicle function hc anderson sw sajdera fed proc 1976.0 
semantic similarity over the gene ontology : family correlation and selecting disjunctive ancestors fm couto mj silva pm coutinho proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
modelling information preserving information databases : consequences of the concept of timeâ '' mr klopproge pc lockeman proc . 9th int . conf . on vldb florence italie  
use of the timed-token protocol for real-time communications n malcolm w zhao   
scalable ranking for preference queries y feng d agrawal a el abbadi a singh proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
push technology personalization through event correlation demo proceed a adi d botzer o etzion t yatzkar-haham  2000.0 
beam commissioning of the j-parc linac medium-energy beam-transport at kekâ ?? ii s wang s fu t kato m ikegami s anami s arai   
teaching about the president and the presidential election . m haas social studies and the young learner 1988.0 
lineage tracing in a data warehousing system d proposal y cui j widom   
bibliographyon temporal databases '' md soo acm sigmod record  
the chain-length dependence test . mt stone jm heemstra js moore acc chem res 2006.0 
prejudice expectations moderate preconscious attention to social identity threatening cues cr kaiser sb vick b major  2004.0 
resolving a conflict situation with a reference outcome : an axiomatic model s gupta za livne management science 1988.0 
an architecture for integrated public service delivery based on life-events e tambouris electronic markets 2002.0 
use of ammophila arenaria for dune stabilization in south africa and its current distributionâ ?? um hertling environmental management 1999.0 
helping learners take responsibility for self-directed activities r hiemstra new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
comparison between zeeman and continuum background correction for graphite furnace aas on v letourneau at . spectrosc. 1987.0 
national storage industry consortium and optoelectronics industry development association noods roadmap san diego  
efficient content location in wireless ad hoc networks j tchakarov n vaidya   
editorial j harmer j turnbull bt technology journal 2002.0 
the lbfs structure and recognition of interval graphs dg corneil s olariu l stewart submitted for publication  
molecular cloning and characterization of the p-amylase gene from bacillus circulans mol kw siggens microbiol . i  
prepared for the ultra high-energy cosmic ray workshop on observing giant cosmic ray air showers for db cline md  
the concept of the garden in children 's learning and literature . curriculum concerns . bl nourie sl hull social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
an introduction to wavelets academic ck chui san diego calif  
categorical and contextual bases of person memory and stereotyping se taylor st fiske nl etcoff aj ruderman journal of personality and social psychology 1978.0 
the first bluetooth l freed pc  
note on the boundary layer on a rotating sphere l howarth phil . mag  
the pc student as a teacher j varven pc magazine  
an active pulse transmission line simulating nerve axon j nagumo j arimoto s yoshizawa  1962.0 
medical management of ectopic pregnancy-the role of methotrexate ds ander kr ward journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
the small-world phenomenon : an algorithmic perspective j kleinberg   
recursive and on-line graph coloring ha kierstead to  
beyond location : hypertext workspaces and non-linear views ms frank cm catherine l mark proc . acm  
agile : adaptive indexing for context-aware information filters jp dittrich pm fischer d kossmann proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
some neo-darwinian decision rules for altruism : weighing cues for inclusive fitness as a function of e burnstein c crandall s kitayama journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
stanford electronics laboratories tm donovan stanford university technical report no. 5221-2  
optimization and evaluation of database queries including embedded interpolation procedures l neugebauer   
a controlled trial of verapamil in patients after acute myocardial infarction : results of the f rengo p carbonin m pahor journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
introduction to the theory of fourier 1 s series and integrals hs carslaw  1930.0 
fk 506-associated diabetes mellitus in the pediatric transplant population is a rare complication pb carroll h rilo j reyes r alejandro y zeng transplant proc 1991.0 
objects and views s abiteboul aj bonner   
a theory and method of love c hendrick s hendrick journal of personality and social psychology  
structure of derivations in natural deduction j von plato submitted for publication  
mechanisms for effective caching in the globe location service a baggio g ballintijn m van steen   
machine learning and intelligent agents t panayiotopoulos nz zacharis   
cyclic load testing of wood structural panel shear walls . td skaggs jd rose proc. int . wood engineering conf  
metadata for digital media w klaus a sheth sigmod record special issue on metadata for digital media & hellip ;  
emergency department protocols for domestic violence ja snyder journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
characteristic errors in programming jd gannon proceedings of acm national conference  
finding replicated web collections j cho n shivakumar h garcia-molina sigmod conference 2000.0 
mediamill : exploring news video archives based on learned semantics cgm snoek m worring j van gemert jm geusebroek proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
information literacy : developing students as independent learners jk olsen new directions for higher education  
error correcting codes and self-checking circuits in fault-tolerant computers dk pradhan jj stiffler ieee computer  
feedback systems : input-output properties ca desoer m vidyasagar   
peer-to-peer management of xml data : issues and research challenges g koloniari e pitoura sigmod record 2005.0 
fuzzy logic enabled soc monitoring meters for nimh batteries s arey vr gaddam z yang p singh c fennie de procs .  
recent experiences with the stabilized temperature platform furnace and zeeman background correction w slavin gr carnrick dc manning e pruszkowska at . spectrosc  
geographic applications development : models and tools for the abstract level '' n tryfona t hadzilacos proc . of  
on-board conversion of alcohols to ethers for fumigation in compression ignition engines h armbruster s stucki e olsson s gjirja proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2003.0 
global cost functions for test generation m abramovici dt miller r henning   
schwangerschaftsinfektionen bei systematischen schizophrenien und zykloiden psychosen g stã ¶ ber i kocher e franzek h beckmann  1996.0 
a new method for obtaining software project management rules i ramos j aguilar jc riquelme m toro software quality management-international conference -  
soap : the simple object access protocol a skonnard   
au coeur du systã ¨ me de fichiers de windows nt h custer  1994.0 
functional-join processing r braumandl j claussen a kemper d kossmann the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
the restructuring of geographical scale : coalescence and fragmentation of the northern core region n smith w dennis economic geography 1987.0 
a performance study of workfile disk management for concurrent mergesorts in a multiprocessor kl wu ps yu jy chung jz teng proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
griddb : a relational interface for the grid dt liu mj franklin d parekh proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2003.0 
m. hamilton d. l. & sorrentino r. m. 1989 . uncertainty orientation and recall of person - d driscoll & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa  
a 1.8 v 94 db dynamic range 16 modulator for voice applications j grilo e macrobbie r halim gc temes proc . int . solid-state circuits conf  
methods of external exposure dosimetry and their application dsc thesis f spurny czech technical university prague  
arcojp : an architecture for comparing joins in parallel f freitas s lifschitz jaf macedo procs brazilian symposium of databases ( sbbd )  
basic technology hl caswellâ ? ¦ ieee  
sean o'casey and others h goldstone wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
compositing digital images [ c ] p thomas d tom proceedings d sic  
on frege and extended frege proof systems j krajicek to  
0.74 / 0.55-ev ga x in 1â ?? x as/inas yp 1â ?? y monolithic tandem mim tpv converters : design growth rj wehrerâ ? ¦ proc . 29th ieee pvsc ( may 2002  
information security management : global challenges in the new millennium gs dhillon  2001.0 
the r * tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles [ c ] n beckmen proc of acm sig  
some radar observations associated with an operational convective cloud modification project pl smith jr miller conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
characterization of porous solids mm dubinin proc . int . symp  
man 's impact on the environment : some recent perspectives . f oldfield geography 1983.0 
metadata standards for data warehousing : open information model vs. common warehouse metadata t vetterli a vaduva m staudt acm sigmod record 2000.0 
programmierkurs fã 1/4 r naturwissenschaftler und ingenieure addison-wesley 2001 w kinzel  1779.0 
discover : keyword search in relational databases in proceedings of the international conference on v hristidis y papakonstantinou hang kong china  
citrus canker in latin america : a review v rossetti proc int soc citriculture  
quanta release 2000 ms inc san diego  
2â ?? 4 1988 m illinois   
prenatal vaccinia p naidoo h hirsch lancet  
the next 10,000 ~ 2 years : part i t lewis ieee computer  
compositing digital images t porter t duff acm siggraph computer graphics 1984.0 
the accuracy of stsegment deviation in prehospital cardiac monitoring ga hebel k hutton a kanowitz t neuman journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
modeling and comparing change using spatiotemporal helixes acm-gisâ ?? 03 a stefanidis k eickhorst p agouris p  2003.0 
a dise implementation of dynamic code decompression ml corliss ec lewis a roth   
a method for evaluating marine protected area management j alder coastal management 2002.0 
on correctness of nonserializable executions r rastogi s mehrotra   
the sources of hourly earnings variation in the large-scale sector of guatemala e funkhouser   
piecewise linear histograms for selectivity estimation x yu a fu   
stepwise specification of dynamic database behaviour uw lipeck proc .  
single dose oral celecoxib for postoperative pain j barden je edwards hj mcquay ra moore cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
supporting adaptive remote access to multiresolutional or hierarchical data for large user groups d gotz proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
third national cancer survey . incidence data . nci monograph no. 41 nih no. 75-787 nci bethesda sj cutler jl young md  
andd . tscichritzis . datamodeling of time-based media s gibbs c breiteneder proc . of acm  
the case for raid : redundant arrays of inexpensive disks d patterson g gibson r katz proc . 1988 acm-sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
strategic directions in database systems-breaking out of the box . acms anthology acm comput . surv. 1996.0 
equity financing : real estate . r thomas j davies new directions for higher education 1987.0 
integrating security patterns in the development of secure agent-based systems h mouratidis p giorgini m schumacher m weiss  2003.0 
system care improves trauma outcome : patient care errors dominate reduced preventable death rate e thoburn p norris r flores s goode journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
becoming critically reflective through action reflection learning tm . joâ ?? neil vj marsick new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
andg . heidorn ( 1985 ) . extracting semantichierarchies fromalarge on-line dictionary m chodorow r byrd proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association  
thioridazine for schizophrenia a sultana j reilly m fenton cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
up and down mini-bucket : a scheme for approximating combinatorial optimization tasks j larrosa k kask r dechter  2001.0 
a semantics for abstraction c ghidini f giunchiglia   
taming xpath queries by minimizing wildcard steps cy chan w fan y zeng proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
visualising action contracts in object-oriented modelling s kent j gil iee proceedings software 1998.0 
two-year experience with fk 506 in pediatric patients ag tzakis j reyes s todo b nour transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
goal congruence trust and organizational culture : strengthening knowledge links je scott g gable   
theoretical studies ofproton transfers s schemer acc . chem . res  
supporting diversity with faculty learning communities : teaching and learning across boundaries mc petrone new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
algorithms for decoding turbo codes and ldpc codes j feldman d karger m wainright   
support vector machine active learning with application to text categorization s tong d koller j. machine learning res  
a robust point matching algorithm for autoradiograph alignment a rangarajan e mjolsness s pappu l davachi ps lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
the dynamics of belief in the transferable belief model f klawonn p smets procs . of the 8th conf . on uncertainty in ai . morgan & hellip ;  
never confuse efficiency with a liver complaint i ayres wisconsin law review 1997.0 
a framework for generating adaptable hypermedia documents l rutledge l hardman dca bulterman   
a procedural approach to authoring solid models [ a ] c barbara d julie m leonard proceedings of acm siggraph  
fractalsforsecondarykeyretrieval cfs roseman proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
mpi-video prototype systems ( video ) a katkere dy kuramura p kelly s moezzi s proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
comparison of operative versus non-operative treatment of functional lambdoid synostosis m levy jg mccomb k wells w gans c raffel g proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the joint section & hellip ;  
the internationalisation of us and uk real estate service providers : competing for a global badge of g keogh s roulac   
life science research and data managementâ ?? what can they give each other ? a gupta sigmod record 2004.0 
multiscale entropy for semantic description of images and signals jl starck f murtagh f bonnarel  2000.0 
the market price of risk and the equity premium : a legacy of the great depression ? t cogley tj sargent  2004.0 
iloprost and cisaprost for raynaudâ ?? s phenomenon in progressive systemic sclerosis j pope d fenlon a thompson b shea d furst g cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
symmetries in graph coding problem t beyer a proskurowski proc . nw76 acm/cipc pac . symp  
reproductive loss in commercial merino flocks of south australia do kleemann sk walker ti grosser rj grimson dh proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the australian & hellip ;  
self-control as limited resource : regulatory depletion patterns m muraven dm tice rf baumeister journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
aries/sd : a transaction recovery and concurrency control method for the shared disks environment c mohan i narang ibm research report ibm almaden research center & hellip ;  
the psr gene of enterococcus hirae atcc9790 is longer than previously reported o massidda o dardenne mb whalen w zorzi j submitted for  
fas-a freshness-sensitive coordination middleware for a cluster of olap components u rohm k bohm hj schek h schuldt int . conf . on very large data bases 2002.0 
implementing distributed and dynamic resource allocation in watm c sinner m wolf computer networks 1999.0 
properties of bird song eliciting responses from territorial males jb falls proc . int . ornithol . congr  
network security private communication in a public world second edition c kaufman r perlman m speciner   
browsing the mobile internet l george ieee computer  
accurate manipulation using laser technology w hoving proc . spie 1997.0 
quantum groups c de concini c procesi lecture notes in mathematics-springer verlag - 1993.0 
toward learning based web query processing d yanlei l hongjun c ssongtingâ ? ¦ proceedings of 26th international conference on very large & hellip ;  
the evidence for a superlattice in the nickel-iron alloy feni3 p leech c sykes phil . mag  
evaluation of library web sites : the danish case h clausen electronic library 1999.0 
profile-based routing : a new framework for mpls traffic engineering s suri m waldvogel pr warkhede lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
translocation of nuisance grizzly bears in northwestern montana sj riley k aune rd mace mj madel international conference on bear research and management  
active noise and vibration control sj elliott applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
large deviation asymptotics and control variates for simulating large functions sp meyn submitted for publication 2004.0 
migrating relational databases to object technology a behm   
main chamber neutral pressure in alcator c-mod and jet cs pitcher   
mining association rules between sets of items in large databases a rakesh i tomasz s arun & hellip ; of the 1993 acm sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
a method for visualizing the oscillations of the subgenual organ in the honeybee o kilpinen learning and memory . proceedings of the 23rd goã?ttingen & hellip ;  
power-efficient data dissemination in wireless sensor networks u cetintemel a flinders y sun   
c f. yu '' mulfiprocessing of combinatorial search problems '' bw watt gj li ieee computer  
time-varying sensitive regions in dynamic multimedia objects : a pragmatic approach to content-based v burrill t kirste j weiss information and software technology  
corn variety trials 1987-1990 . p. 42-44 rc stephenson polk county agricultural research/demonstration project & hellip ;  
myths beyond tco m gartenberg computerworld  
interventions for improving adherence to treatment in patients with high blood pressure in k schroeder t fahey s ebrahim cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
converging measurement of horizontal and vertical individualism and collectivism hc triandis mj gelfand journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
a group mobility model for ad hoc wireless networks g bianchi x hong m gerla g pei cc chiang proceedings of acm/ieee mswim  
modification of mechanical properties of model membranes by some bifunctional surfactants h kleszczynska j sarapuk   
an evaluation of two ten-year sediment budgets nahal yael israel ap schick j lekach physical geography  
emergency department treatment of migraine tension and mixed-type headache sh thomas ck stone journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
organizational agent systems for intelligent enterprise modelling dj wu electronic markets 2000.0 
on temporal modeling in the context of object databases n pissinou sigmod record 1993.0 
optical metropolitan dwdm networks an overview k grobe m wiegand j mccall bt technology journal 2002.0 
database connection and the internet j lam pc magazine  
diversity pays off k melymuka computerworld  
nonparametric extreme regression quantiles v chernozhukov unpublished manuscript  
hyperventilation therapy for acute traumatic brain injury g schierhout i roberts cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
chs . 1 & 7 in escape deliverable 3.1 lancaster university j mariani  1998.0 
hierarchical prex cubes for range-sum queries cy chan ye ioannidis proceedings of the 25th international conference on very  
generative teaching and learning of economic concepts : a sample lesson . jd laney social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
getting around the task-artifact cycle : how to make claims and design by scenario jm carroll mb rosson acm transactions on information systems ( tois ) 1992.0 
tribeca : a stream database manager for network traffic analysis m sullivan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
as if i were dead : an interview with jacques derrida j derrida applying : to derrida 1996.0 
evaluation of the main variables that affect citrus tristeza virus transmission by aphids m bar-joseph b roccah g loebenstein proc . int . soc . citriculture  
a staged model for the software lifecycle kh bennett vt rajlich ieee computer  
characterizing the two-tier gnutella topology d stutzbach r rejaie proceedings of acm sigmetrics ( poster ) 2005.0 
planning for the 1980 s : the context . h howeâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1980.0 
non-smoothness in the asymptotics of thin shells and propagation of singularities . a hyperbolic case p karamian j sanchez-hubert e sanchez-palencia applied mathematics and computer science 2002.0 
translating aggregate queries into iterative programs n goodman vldb 1986.0 
on the iterative solution of the large-scale bem industrial problems ve bulgakov m merkel ra bialecki g kuhn   
beyond ethnic enclaves : location strategies of chinese producer service firms in los angeles . y zhou economic geography 1998.0 
characterization of asphalt fractions in airborne particles from highway traffic and their k he h mosbaek jc tjell technical university of denmark  
ipv 6 traffic with multi-class qos in vpn l zhang l zheng computer networks 2001.0 
observations on deixis and pointing based on the bielefeld corpus of task-oriented dialogue h rieser   
nonparametric statistics for the behavioral sciences s siegel   
practical decisions in developing and operating a faculty evaluation system . r arreola lm aleamoni new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
efficient string matching : an aid to biliographic search a aho m corasick comm . acm  
visual relevance analysis n pediotakis m hascoã `` t-zizi proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
high technology ceramics e geã § kinli  1992.0 
remote procedure call we weihl acm press frontier series 1990.0 
zurich toolbox for readymade economic experiments . experimenterâ ?? s manual u fischbacher university of zurich switzerland  
influence of modelsâ ?? reinforcement contingencies on the acquisition of imitative responses a bandura journal of personality and social psychology 1965.0 
and dragomir r. radev dr generating summaries of multiple news articles k mckeown proceedings of  
early diagnosis of mis implementation failure : promising results and unanswered questions mj ginzberg management science 1981.0 
myosin ii activation promotes neurite retraction during the action of rho and rho-kinase m amano k chihara n nakamura y fukata t yano genes to cells 1998.0 
the risks and inadequacy of extended programs . wd hawley new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
effect of thermal processing on the texture of canned peaches j billis  1988.0 
reforming welfare and rewarding work : final report on the minnesota family investment program v see knox c miller la gennetian new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
query optimizationby simulatedannealing yeie wong proc . of the acm sigmod int &#39; l. conf . on management of  
energy extremals and nonlinear stability in an energy-relative enstrophy theory of the bve on a cc lim submitted for publication  
design criteria of an ipm machine suitable for field-weakened operation a fratta a vagati f villata proc . int . conf . electric machines  
generalized search trees for database systems jm hellerstein jf naughton a pfeffer vldb 1995.0 
pc database systems-present and future pa bernstein proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
activation of thalamocortical projections related to tremorogenic processes d albe-fessard g guiot y lamarre g arfel see rel  
secondary index optimization m schkolnick proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1975.0 
yun an adaptative agent for automated web browsing s balabanovic technical report cstn 97-52 stanford university palo alto ca  
censura forensis m hewett   
the relative importance of competition and contagion in intra-industry information transfers : an p laux lt starks   
pricing for a durable-goods monopolist under rapid sequential innovation lj kornish management science 2001.0 
dispersal patterns of maternal polar bears from the denning concentration on wrangel island gw garner se belikov ms stishov vg barnes sa international conference on bear research and management  
discussion paper no. 123institutional change and american economic growth : a first step towards a dc north l davis  1969.0 
abamectin ( zephyrdâ ?? r ) a : novel avermectin miti ci de/insecticide for spider mite control on nj hillon ra dyba search an d control conference  
not can but will college teachers be improved p cross new directions for higher education  
national and eu budgetary rules and procedures : an evolving interaction j fischer & hellip ; rules proceedings of the banca dâ ?? italia workshop on & hellip ;  
generating test sequences from a set of mscs nh lee sd cha computer networks 2003.0 
generalized seizure in a 30-year-old man with presumed intracranial hemorrhage : a case report s mcfarlane c doty s zehtabchi g casey journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
l evy j.-j . 1996 . analysis and caching of dependencies m abadi b lampson proceedings of the 1996 acm sigplan international conference  
role of strategic planning in engineering management k krishen   
gametophytic apomixis ga nogler embryology of angiosperms 1984.0 
solving satisfiability and implication problems in database systems s guo w sun ma weiss acm transactions on database systems 1996.0 
impact assessment of ieee 1471 on the open group architecture framework r hilliard   
efficacy of oral ketamine for providing sedation and analgesia to children requiring laceration f qureshi p mellis m mcfadden journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
asian african and european biota meet at ` evolution canyon ` israel : local tests of global e nevo proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
detecting changes on unordered xml documents using relational databases : a schema-conscious approach e leonardi ss bhowmick proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
the geopolitics of the police : foucault disciplinary power and the tactics of the los angeles s herbert political geography 1996.0 
design and development of a new gasoline direct swirl injector yk park sy moon cw lee proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
time series similarity search measures and time series indexing d gunopoulos g das proceedings of the acm sigmod  
development as separation and connection : finding a balance k taylor new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
offensive alliances in graphs o favaron g fricke w goddard sm hedetniemi st discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2004.0 
the second generation of digital commerce solutions s mott computer networks 2000.0 
procps monitoring tools f strauss o wellnitz  1998.0 
x-ray and electron-microscope study of the first stages of precipitation in al-10 percent mg aged at m bernole r graf p guyot phil . mag. 1973.0 
groundwater contamination by pce and tce : atsdr 's approach to evaluating public health hazard bk weis as susten unpublished  
mastercard nears finish of payment system rollout l mearian   
electric contacts handbook r holm  1958.0 
imperative lambda calculus revisited h yang us reddy   
percutaneous transluminal angioplasty and stenting for carotid artery stenosis lj coward rl featherstone mm brown cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
nonparametric statistics for the behavioural sciences s siegel new york  
high voltage power supply for pulsed state lasers le erickson qw koechner electronic eengineering  
grading inquiry projects b busching new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
on the inhomogeneous deformation of a plastic laminar in a compression test r hill phil mag  
automatic lm genre classification s fischer w eelsberg proc . acm  
democratizing action research at work : a scandinavian model . m elden r gjersvik new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
1999b : relating boundary layer flux measurements to remotely-sensed radiometric data ph schuepp rl desjardins m bastin s ogunjemiyo proc . fourth int . airborne remote sensing conf . / 21st  
the unit preference strategy in theorem proving l wos d carson g robinson proc . afips  
algorithms and systems for shared access to a robotic streaming video camera d song proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
0 . gruber . efficient incremental garbage collection for client-server object database systems l amsaleg m franklin procs . of the international conf . on very large databases & hellip ;  
bristle blocks : a silicon compiler '' proc 16 thacm ieee dac d johansen san diego june  
transfinite networks s aravkin   
iodine-129 distribution and retention during evaporation of mllw solutions . 21st doe/nrc nuclear air j amend v motoi fj herrmann j furrer san diego  
a polynomial time algorithm for testing implications of a join dependency and embodied functional j leuchner l miller g slutzki proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
iris murdoch f baldanza wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
a case study : linking students across geographical and cultural distances sj romanoff new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining cs john r agrawal m mehta proc . 22nd int . conf . very large databases  
an age-associated decrease in the frequency of c4b ^ * q0 indicates that null alleles of complement gj arason j kramer annals-new york academy of sciences 2003.0 
rock mass classification using fractal dimension jr carr jb warriner proc . 28th . us rock . mech . symp. : balkema boston  
an upturn soon ? e chelimsky new directions for program  
schematic and semantic similarities between database objects : a context-based approach v kashyap a sheth vldb journal  
source pc magazine archive a poor pc magazine 1993.0 
optimal allocation of a divisible good to strategic buyers . 2004 s sanghavi b hajek   
active learning and its use in computer science jj mcconnell acm sigcue outlook 1996.0 
kinetische untersuchungen der dehydrierung von methylcyclohexan zu toluol im mikropulsreaktor t rimensberger ph. d. thesis no. 8278 eth-zurich switzerland 1987 .  
high temperature and environmental effects on polymeric composites ce harris ts gates   
new trends in probability and statistics volume 2 vsp utrecht 1992 f schweiger e manstavicius   
the effects of ethanol on human sleep eeg power spectra differ from those of benzodiazepine receptor dj dijk dp brunner d aeschbach i tobler neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1992.0 
the hb ^ î - tree : a multi-attribute index supporting concurrency recovery and node consolidation g evangelidis d lomet b salzberg the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
a logic level specification of the nqthm simplification process a coglio f giunchiglia p pecchiari c talcott   
ribavirin with or without alpha interferon for chronic hepatitis c ( cochrane review ) ll kjaergard gc krogsgaard cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
78 / '' a software engineering view of data base systems h weber proc . 4th int . conf on vldb berlin  
effects of the tansui river education programs on high school studentsâ ?? environmental education sm wang proceedings of the national science council part d  
a control-theoretical approach for achieving fair bandwidth allocations in core-stateless networks ht ngin ck tham computer networks 2002.0 
modelling of short term electricity prices hydro inflow and water values in the norwegian hydro l dueholm hf ravn   
experimental section ja goodenough k jorgensen s satterlee be acta acc . chem . res 1993.0 
value priorities and readiness for out-group social contact l sagiv sh schwartz journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
human factors study of two screen-oriented query languages : stbe and qbe g ozsoyoglu wa abdul-qader information and software technology 1992.0 
inelastic scattering of neutrons ( international atomic energy agency vienna 1965 ) rj elliott aa maradudin vol .  
the influence of implicit motives on memory processes b woike e lavezzary j barsky journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
emphasis on the relevant : free-form digital ink as a mechanism for relevance feedback g golovchinsky proceedings de acm  
an agent-based multiservice negotiation for ecommerce w merlat bt technology journal 1999.0 
dimensions : why do we need a new data handling architecture for sensor networks ? d ganesan d estrin   
a model of new product development : an empirical test bj zirger ma maidique management science 1990.0 
vousd.â cents p. ( 1949 ) he kay p vousden phil . mag  
the finite element method oc zienkiewicz   
black studies in california higher education 1965-1980 kk miller  1986.0 
life history correlates of responses to fisheries exploitation s jennings jd reynolds sc mills proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
review and critique of available learning-style instruments for adults wb james we blank new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
a cost-effective approximation for srd traffic in arbitrary multi-buffered networks dd kouvatsos iu awan rj fretwell g dimakopoulos computer networks 2000.0 
n and hodgson pe 1960 b buck rn maddison phil . mag  
matchmaking frameworks for distributed resource management r raman  2001.0 
towards development of secure systems using umlsec j jurjens lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
erato - an onera-dlr cooperative programme on aeroacoustic rotor optimisation j prieur wr splettstoesser european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
homoplasy the recurrence of similarity in evolution : academic press mj sanderson l hufford san diego ca  
keynote paper : from marketing mix to relationship marketingâ ?? towards a paradigm shift in marketing c grã ¶ nroos management decision 1997.0 
public opinion channel : a network-based interactive broadcasting system for supporting a knowledge - t fukuhara n fujihara s azechi h kubota t internet-based intelligent information processing systems  
report of investigation reference material 8414 bovine muscle powder . national institute of m ihnat md  
the det curve in assessment of detection task performance a martin g doddington t kamm m ordowski m   
scalar structure underlies telicity in â ?? degree achievementsâ ?? j hay c kennedy b levin proceedings of salt 1999.0 
efficient phrase-based document indexing for web document clustering km hammouda ms kamel knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
bayesian estimation of distance and surface normal with a time-of-flight laser rangefinder j lang   
localized corrosion of metals j tousek trans tech publications zurich switzerland  
metrics for performance evaluation of video object segmentation and tracking without ground-truth c erdem am tekalp b sankur   
beyond market baskets : generalizing association rules to correlations s brin c silverstein  1996.0 
a computer movie simulating urban growth in the detroit region wr tobler economic geography 1970.0 
the human atp-binding cassette ( abc ) transporter superfamily . ncbi monograph national library of m dean md  
pediatric sports medicine for the practitioner o bar-or  1983.0 
quantifying spatial and temporal variations in the distribution of natural marine hydrocarbon seeps cq derek california . geology . santa barbara ucsb  
inversion and metacomputation a romanenko acm sigplan notices 1991.0 
thermally activated mobile ejector refrigeration system analysis m salim proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2004.0 
21 : 753â ?? 759 1973 ap india study of diabetes in india annual meeting bombay  
lattice decoded nested codes achieve the poltyrev exponent u erez r zamir   
a signature access method for the starburst database system ww chang vldb 1989.0 
can we use the universal relation model without using nulls y sagiv proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;  
profiles of organizational influence strategies ( pois ) . form s c m d kipnis sm schmidt  1982.0 
a comprehensive review of wetland assessment procedures : a guide for wetland practitioners . cc bartoldus md  
teacher training [ cd-rom ] ww brickman microsoftâ ® encarta  
investigations into the influence of roads on the genetic structure of populations of the common w reh see ref  
information source selection for resource constrained environments d aksoy sigmod record 2005.0 
structure and evolution of turbulent preplanetary disc ( abstract only ) m verronen h vanhala ka hameen-anttila proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
capbased-ams : a capability-based and event-driven activity management system ( demonstrations ) pck hung hp yeung k karlapalem proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
collective action by women in community-based program planning sm scott m schmitt-boshnick new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
preparing management plan for khao yai park : the process involved and the lessons learned s chettamart proceedings of the 25 thworking session of iucnâ ?? s & hellip ;  
key note : trust management for public-key infrastructures m blaze j pigenbaum ad keromytis lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
calculation of the parameters of the field of a cylindrical absrobing emitter in the direction of yb kurdyaev at .  
linear hashing with overflow-handling by linear probing pa larson acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
human nature and the nature of romantic love h harris  1995.0 
k. & sarawagi s. ( 2001 ) . automatic segmentation of text into structured records vd borkar proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference  
an integrated approach to logical design of relational database schemes c beeri m kifer acm transactions on database systems 1986.0 
data cleaning in microsoft sql server 2005 s chaudhuri k ganjam v ganti r kapoor v proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
accommodation processes in close relationships : theory and preliminary empirical evidence ce rusbult j verette ga whitney lf slovik i journal of personality and social psychology  
an application level video gateway e amir s mccanne h zhang proc . of acm  
a ~ d popek gj a proposal for distributed concurrency control for partially redundant distributed dz badal proc . 3rd . berkeley conf . distributed data management and  
analog modeling language spans all system design levels i getreu electronic design  
a spiral model of software development and maintenance bw boehm ieee computer  
revising hull and box consistency . in de schreye f benhamou f goualard l granvilliers jf puget d. ( ed . ) : proceedings of iclpâ ?? 99 international conference on  
a genetic algorithm to solve the timetable problem a colorni m dorigo v maniezzo submitted for publication 1993.0 
bayesian real-time optical flow . js zelek   
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource machine learning archive d fisher machine  
performance of a database manager in a virtual memory system sw sherman rs brice acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
exhaust pressure modelling for feedforward active control of internal combustion engine exhaust g hong proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1999.0 
grid-based indexing for large time series databases j an h chen k furuse n ohbo e keogh   
programmable secure coprocessorâ ?? sean smith and steve weingart ba high-performance computer networks  
privacy leakage in multi-relational databases via pattern based semi-supervised learning h xiong m steinbach v kumar proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
version 2.01 gw basic copyright microsoft  
principles and procedures of statistics : mcgraw-hill rgd steel jh torrie new york  
gonorrhea transmission dynamics and control hw hethcote ja yorke  1984.0 
the comparisons of appearance management body satisfaction and buying behaviors between asian t nutthawutthisit  2003.0 
backward behavior of solutions of the kuramotoâ ?? sivashinsky equation i kukavica m malcok submitted for  
access methods for multiversion data bj salzberg d lomet acmsigmod international conference on the management of  
effective teaching of adults : themes and conclusions jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
query processing for large-scale xml message brokering y diao  2005.0 
intra-uterine versus cervical insemination of donor sperm for subfertility po ` brien p vandekerckhove cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
activation of the human immunodeficiency virus-1 long terminal repeat by respiratory burst oxidants sj klebanoff cm headley blood-new york - 1999.0 
a scalable hash ripple join algorithm g luo   
evaluation der rechnergestã 1/4 tzen bildverbesserung in der videoendoskopie von kã ¶ rperhã ¶ hlen s krã 1/4 ger f vogt w hohenberger d paulus h   
instrument zur stressbezogenen tã $ tigkeitsanalyse ( ista ) [ stress-oriented job analysis instrument nk semmer d zapf h dunckel handbuch zur arbeitsanalyse . zurich switzerland : verlag der & hellip ;  
discourses of regeneration in early twentieth-century britain : from bedlam to the imperial war s cooke l jenkins area 2001.0 
the design of a doctorate in business administration based on the expressed needs of business i trotsky  1978.0 
social issues in requirements engineering in proceedings of reâ ?? 93 j goguen san  
experimental investigation into the penetration of soft solids oa shergold na fleck  2004.0 
analysis of a cuticular spacing pattern after metamorphosis in vitro of larval integument cr roseland lm riddiford see ref  
internet commercial uses blossom g anthes computerworld  
elio vittorini : between poverty and wealth g cambon wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1962.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : tg janz gc hamilton ma eilers m wagner m journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
modeling and simulation in reactive systems m boasson proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ; 1996.0 
the role of diuretic agents in the management of acute renal failure r venkataram ja kellum contributions to nephrology 2001.0 
implementation of a compiler for a semantic data model b nixon l chung d lauzon a borgida j proc . acmsigmod  
social comparison self-consistency and the concept of self s morse kj gergen journal of personality and social psychology 1970.0 
algebraic tools for the performance evaluation of discrete event systems g cohen p moller jp quadrat m viot ieee proceedings 1989.0 
on the design of a reliable storage component for distributed database management systems da menasce oe landes   
marine science institute d schroeder university of california santa barbara  
conductivity images of biological tissue phantoms using a 3.0 tesla mreit system ej woo sy lee jk seo o kwon sh oh bi lee   
managing engineering information with hypermedia pr nelson d schuler boeing commercial airplane group seattle washington  
interventions for treating genital chlamydia trachomatis infection in pregnancy ( cochrane review ) p brocklehurst g rooney  2000.0 
ideal time-frequency denoising dl donoho im johnstone  1994.0 
parallel processors were the future ... and may yet be . mj flynn ieee computer  
publication characteristics of randomized controlled trials in pediatric complementary and k campbell m sampson i ajiferuke d moher submitted for  
preparation and characterization of redox active molecular assemblies on microelectrode arrays cd frisbie i fritsch-faules ew wollman ms  1992.0 
terrestrial planet finder : the search for life-bearing planets around other stars ca beichman proc . spie 1998.0 
a logical view of structured files s abiteboul s cluet t milo the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
nd '' the care and feeding of vector fields w tobler & hellip ; presentation university of california santa  
total quality control av feigenbaum   
a nalysis of a local-area wireless network d tang m baker proceedings of acm mobicom  
report on ngits ' 99 : the 4th international workshop on next generation information technologies and acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
freshwater fishes of virginia . american fisheries society bethesda re jenkins nm burkhead md  
cartographic errors symptomatic of underlying algebra problems . first int wr franklin symposium on spatial data handling . zurich switzerland  
path queries on compressed xml d battre   
an amateurâ ?? s introduction to recursive query processing strategies invited paper f bancilhon r ramakrishnan proceedings of sigmod  
mitschang . b. sikeler a. : prima-a dbms prototype supporting engineering applications t harder k meyer-wegener proc . 13th vldb conf. brighton uk  
informedia digital video library ( demonstration ) m christel s stevens h wactlar proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
star-cubing : computing iceberg cubes by top-down and bottom-up integration d xin j han x li bw wah proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
comparing machine learning and knowledge discovery in databases : an application to knowledge y kodratoff   
the role of grass-eating termites in the degradation of a mulga ecosystem jal watson fj gay search i  
u. neuhold ej reuter a.â ?? the dbms research at crossroadsâ ?? in m stonebraker rd agrawal proceedings of the very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 93 )  
source identification in distributed parameter systems m skliar wf ramirez applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
a study of sort algorithms for multiprocessor database machines j menon vldb 1986.0 
ziff davis media b magazine pc magazine 2004.0 
stereochemistry of radical reactions vch weinheim 1996 ; mp sibi na porter dn curran acc . chem . res  
application of growth and yield modelling as an indicator of sustainable forest management pr van gardingen pd phillips & hellip ; conference on data management and modelling using remote & hellip ;  
xew directions in qjiantztative comparative socio-logy . 1999 w arts l halman   
semantic assumptions and query evaluation in temporal databases c bettini xs wang e bertino s jajodia proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
an analysis of wide-are name server traffic : a study of the internet domain name system p danzig k obraczka a kumar proc acm  
conceptual and nonconceptual processes in the concept-shift behavior of kindergarten children rh ellis  1974.0 
riskmetrics technical document jp morgan   
a locally symmetric kaehler einstein structure on a tube in the tangent bundle of a space form v oproiu n papaghiuc to  
aspects of environmental awareness in england and wales : case studies tk bristow geography  
sigmod 1997 j peckham proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
devise : integrated querying and visual exploration of large datasets r ramkrishnan m livny proc . sigmod  
onebraker a. jhingran j. goh and s. potamianos . on rules procedures caching and views in data m st proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
early instruction by the college : johns hopkins ' center for talented youth . wg durden new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
influence of bcl-2 over-expression on growth and productivity of a cho cell line over-expressing a bt tey rp singh l piredda m piacentini m al -  1999.0 
semantic analysis for video contents extractionâ ?? spotting by association in news video y nakamura t kanade proceedings of the fifth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
toweavetheweb pag mecca proceedings of vldb  
a classification scheme for user location strategies in personal communications services systems r jain submitted for  
a survey and comparison of business-to-business e-commerce frameworks a dogac i cingil acm sigecom exchanges 2001.0 
infinite dimensonal dynamical systems in mechanics and physics r temam r temam  1997.0 
bottom up evaluation of disjunctive deductive databases j fernandez j minker submitted for  
massive ethylene glycol poisoning without evidence of crystalluria : a case for early intervention . mc haupt dn zull sl adamsâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine 1988.0 
scaling environmental problems . k clayton geography 1991.0 
a case-based system for trade secrets law proceedings f : rst international conference on artijic : al el rissland kd ashley  1987.0 
hardware roundup : a look at 98 systems from 17 vendors t henkel   
on uplink call level qos in ds-cdma networks yk tang computer networks 2003.0 
specchio j j. determination of total arsenic arsenic ( â ? cents ) and arsenic ( â ? $ ) by atomic absorption w holak at . spectros  
structuring a virtual team working coordination system ( vtwcs ) in the management of projects x liu   
parallel programmingwith polaris w blume r doallo r eigenmann j grout j ieee computer  
nature and origin of at ype granites with particular reference to south-eastern australia wj collins sd beams ajr whiteâ ? ¦  1982.0 
magnetic hysteresis in superconducting colloids 1952 ab pippard phil . mag  
pirates ! using the physical world as a game board s bjã ¶ rk j falk r hansson p ljungstrand proceedings of interact  
the performance of current data structure algorithms t jonhson d shasha acm transactions on database systems  
fast discovery of association rules . '' advances in knowledge discovery and data mining . aaai/mit r agrawal h mannila r srikant h toivonen ai proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;  
new welding process for galvanized steel sw williams pl salter g scott sj harris proc . 26th int . symp . automotive technology and automation  
vigilance impairment : assessment by driving simulators cfp george sleep-new york - 2000.0 
our load of mutations . hj muller  1950.0 
crosstalk driven layout x yang  1997.0 
the infosleuth project . acms anthology p edition   
inference of monotonicity constraints in datalog programs aby sagiv proc . acm sigact-sigart-sigmod symp . on principles of & hellip ;  
managerial ownership debt policy and the impact of institutional holdings : an agency perspective ct bathala kp moon rp rao   
nonparametric statistics for the behavioral sciences : mcgraw-hill s siegel nj castellan new york  
rainbow : distributed database system for classroom education and experimental research a helal h li proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
creating hybrid team cultures : an empirical test of transnational team functioning pc earley e mosakowski academy of management journal 2000.0 
pathways to leadership for business-to-business electronic marketplaces tt le electronic markets 2002.0 
tcp vegas : new techniques for congestion avoidance l brakmo soâ ?? malley l peterson proceedings of acm sigcomm  
langevin 's theory of ionic mobility hr hassã © phil . mag  
evaluation as moral critique ta schwandt new directions for program evaluation  
retrieving and transferring embodied data : implications for the management of interdependence within a king management science 1999.0 
interatomic interactions in the local density approximation ( abstract only ) ap seitsonen mj puska rm nieminen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
not can but will college teaching be improved p cross new directions for higher education 1977.0 
schema and ontology matching with coma + + d aumueller hh do s massmann e rahm proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
fuel reprocessing mn nadkarni pc mayankutty ns pillai ss shinde bhabha atomic research center bombay india  
fluid flow in calcareous sandstones and siliceous marbles during wollastonite grade contact js lackey wisconsin university of wisconsin  
expanding possibilitiesâ ?? from wireless web access to voice recording to convergence with cell b brown m brown pc magazine  
entrepreneurship for information systems researchers ( invited tutorial ) ( abstract only ) a gupta proceedings of the nineteenth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ; 2000.0 
studies on storage stability of irradiated white pomfret ( stromateus cinereus ) sv kamat  1970.0 
interactive methods for visualizable geometry aj hanson   
aquery : query language for ordered data a lerner d shasha optimization techniques and experiments in vldb  
views : a way for pattern matching to cohabit with data abstraction p wadler proceedings of the 14th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ; 1987.0 
collaborative learning environments in asynchronous learning networks : building learning communities sr hiltz unpublished manuscript  
fast algorithms for mining association rules . ( 1994 ) r agrawal r srikant proceedings of vldb international conference on very large  
leningrad physico-technical institute reports la sliv im band part i  
the inland chumash : ethnography ethnohistory and archeology sp horne  1981.0 
video summarization by curve simplification d dementhon v kobla ds doermann   
interactions among algae invertebrates and the physical environment in stream riffle communities tl dudley  1989.0 
variations on a theme : colleague consultant networks . r garth ma rehnke new directions for higher education 1991.0 
a self-tuning microprogrammed computer ka el-ayat   
database trunsaction models for advanced applications . morgan kaufmann san mateo calif. i y92 . il a elmagarmid proc . acm sigmod . acm press . new york  
development of cdznte detector systems for space applications i kuvvetli  2003.0 
lu ã ¯ ck r. 1995 s ritsch c beeli hu nissen phil .  
a new method for isolation of murine islets with markedly improved yields m liu me shapiro transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
extending ingres with methods and triggers f carter   
supervised training techniques for radial basis function neural networks l bruzzone d prieto electronic letters 1998.0 
activity-driven clock design for low power circuits ge tã © llez a farrahi m sarrafzadeh proceedings of the 1995 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
flow characteristics of gas and fine particles in a two-dimensional space of packed bed h yamaoka tetsu-to-haganã ©  
left-deep vs. bushy trees : an analysis of strategy spaces and its implications for query ye ioannidis yc kang   
the sift information dissemination system tw yan h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems 1999.0 
access pathselectionina relationaldatabase management system p selinger mm astrahan dd chamberlin ra lorie proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
rights protection for relational data r sion   
crystallographic computing vol . 4 edited by nw isaacs & mr taylor pp. 271 -- 289 . oxford univ. . fh allen je davies acc . chem . res  
design of high gain fully-integrated distributed amplifiers in 0.35 âµ m cmos r amaya c plett   
special section on advanced xml data processing k aberer acm sigmod record  
electromagnetic wave propagation on helical structures s sensiper proc . ire  
m. ( 1997 ) . distance-based indexing for high-dimensional metric spaces to bozkaya proceedings acm sigmod international conference on  
communicating x-machines : a practical approach for formal and modular specification of large systems p kefalas g eleftherakis e kehris information and software technology 2003.0 
what works in welfare reform : evidence and lessons to guide tanf reauthorization . gl berlin  2002.0 
criteria for evaluation of data communications services ds grubb iw cotton computer networks  
introduction : the heterogeneity of heterogeneity : a glossary j kolasa cd rollo ecological heterogeneity 1991.0 
reliability mechanisms for sdd-1 : a system for distributed databases m hammer d shipman acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
use of a concluding process to assist grieving families . m williams journal of emergency nursing 1984.0 
faculty compensation policies . f silander new directions for higher education 1983.0 
heytens m. kumar k. and m. muralikrishna â ?? gamma-a high performance datallow database machine d dewitt b gerber g graefe proceedings of the 1986 vldb conference japan august  
seven kinds of randomization plans for designing field experiments rf boruch w wothke new directions for program evaluation  
global compactness result for elliptic problems with critical nonlinearity on symmetric domains ( ma clapp at  
optimization of entropy with neural networks phd thesis university of california nn schraudolph san diego  
usa 2001 ma boston   
9511 ridgehaven court ar electronics san diego  
a marriage of class-and object-based inheritance without unwanted children p steyaert w de meuter lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
automatic discovery of language models for text documents j callan m connell a du acm sigmod conference  
studies on a parallel ant system for the bsp model f kruger d merkle m middendorf unpublished  
ã cents â ? ¬ the entity-relationship model towards a united view of dataã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents p chen acm trans . database  
generating hypermedia from specifications by sketching multimedia templates s fraã ¯ ssã © j nanard m nanard proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
the career socialization of women in school administration c marshall  1979.0 
'' messy '' research methodological predispositions and theory development in international joint a parkhe the academy of management review 1993.0 
leitfaden zur softwaregestaltung d windows-oberflã $ che  1995.0 
a quantitative analysis and performance study for similarity-search methods in high-dimensional r weber hj schek s blott vldb 1998.0 
how to prevent cheating in pinchâ ?? s scheme g hossein j pieprzyk gr chaudhry j seberry electronic letters  
supra 495 f lp riles supp . at  
active objects : realities and possibilities ca ellis sj gibbs acm press frontier series 1989.0 
spreadsheets optimization and fomoa r schwabauer e nedimala proc 29th us army oper res symp  
microsoft site server ( commerce ed . ) : talk-slides available at the conference b ojjeh proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1999.0 
a static pessimistic scheme for handling replicated databases j tang n natarajan   
inter-operator oss interface for delivering pan-european atm vp service dw ranasinghe cc smith cb hatch sc beaumont p bt technology journal 1999.0 
a data warehousing architecture for enabling service provisioning process y kotidis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
6.852 distributed algorithms lecture notes : the i/o automata . '' n lynch k goldman technical report laboratory of computer science mit cambridge  
racial differences in spatial job search patterns : exploring the causes and consequences ma stoll s raphael   
constraint management in loosely coupled distributed databases ss chawathe h garcia-molina j widom   
terrain reconstruction h schultz technical report um-cs university of massachusetts department  
bank considers outsourcing m fitzgerald computerworld  
a. shoshani-logical modeling of temporal data a segev the proc . of the acm-sigmod international conference on the & hellip ;  
enciclopedia microsoft encarta 2002 . 1993-2001 x rayos microsoft  
algorithms for complementarity problems and generalized equations sc billups  1995.0 
physico-chemical constants of binary systems ( interscience new york 1959 ) j timmermans vol .  
spiritual dimensions of informal learning lm english new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
is cover-up charged in system kill m halper computerworld  
automatic source identification of monophonic musical instrument sounds i kaminskyj a materka time  
sex role identity in young adults : its parental antecedents and relation to ego development d costos journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
institutional conflict . aw ostar new directions for higher education 1995.0 
electrochemically-controlled transport of lithium through ultra-thin sio2 for novel electronic and n ariel g ceder dr sadoway ea fitzgerald submitted for  
the jyvaskyla ( finland ) k 130 cyclotron project ( abstract only ) e liukkonen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
load balancers '' l freed hw tested pc  
vitamin c for preventing and treating the common cold rm douglas h hemilã $ rd ` souza eb chalker b cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
agile manufacturing finds firmer ground ar earls computerworld  
interactive narrative : stepping into our own stories m flanagan f arble c clanton h marks j murray proceedings of acm  
channel adapted multiple description coding scheme using wavelet transform m pereira m antonini m barlaud   
bridge building by the state university . oa singletary new directions for higher education 1979.0 
subordination : articles and complementizers a szabolcsi approaches to hungarian  
adaptive source separation with uniform performance b laheld jf cardoso   
brownian motion and stochastic flow systems m harrison   
retention of internal aqueous contents during fusion of semliki forest virus with liposomes g li p schoen jm smit lc bijl j corver k lin submitted for  
a generalization of projective covers of modules over finite group algebras t okuyama unpublished  
lariat ether receptor systems show experimental evidence for alkali metal cation-ï ? interactions sc interactions acc . chem . res 2002.0 
rising sun : imode and the wireless internet sj barnes sl huff communications-acm 2003.0 
identifying exemplary teaching : using data from course and teacher evaluations ka feldman new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
asymptotic results for multiplexing subexponential on-o sources pr jelenkovic aa lazar submitted for  
grunwald. d. 1997 . performance issues of enterprise level web proxies c maltzahn k richardson proceedings of acm  
inhibition of nodal signalling by lefty mediated through interaction with common receptors and r sakuma y ohnishi c meno h fujii h juan j genes to cells 2002.0 
mixture reduction algorithms for target tracking in clutter dj salmond proc . spie 1990.0 
effect of sample inhomogeneity on radiation-induced size changes in graphite va nikolaenko vn kuznetsov pa platonov ok at . energ  
finkelstein . set-orientedproductionrulesinrelationnal database systems j widomets acm-sigmod international conference on management of  
a uniform behavioral temporal object model ia goralwalla y leontiev mt ozsu d szafron   
gjsp towards sensor database systems p bonnet 2nd international conference on mobile data management  
welfare reform in cleveland : implementation effects and experiences of poor families and t brock c coulton a london d polit l richburg -  2002.0 
monetary economics : an integrated approach to credit money income production and wealth w godley m lavoie unpublished manuscript  
d5 hume-rothery w. ( 1948 ) . j. inst . met . 74 315 . black pj ( 1955 ) hj axon phil .  
computation based on a share of a patientâ ?? s national cost p person at  
multiple polylogarithms at roots of unity and geometry of modular varieties ab goncharov to  
what juvenile court abolitionists can learn from the failures of sentencing reform d yellen wisconsin law review 1996.0 
regulations 1990 p groups   
transparent internet e-mail security r levien l mccarthy m blaze submitted for  
problems in the estimation of growth parameters for the spiny lobster panulirus argus in the j gonzã ¡ les-cano cas rocha & hellip ; ii world fisheries congress ( athens greece 05-08/05 / 1992 ) & hellip ;  
a language facility for designing interactive database-intensive systems j mylopoulos pa bernstein hkt wong acm trans . on database systems  
a unified fitness function calculation rule for flag conditions to improve evolutionary testing x liu h liu b wang p chen x cai proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
bspatial join selectivity using power laws c faloutsos b seeger a traina c traina proc . of acm-sigmod conference on the management of  
millimeter wave magnetrons with secondary emission cathode : theory and experiments vd naumenko dm vavriv proc . conf . dig . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter  
applications of a standard leaching test for waste forms hw godbee ou anders international waste management conference 1987.0 
atomic actions and data abstractions . 1981 we weihl mit laboratory for computer  
the miro dbms m stonebraker   
preliminary report on phase one of the selection project for the hilton hotel b hesketh e allworth g considine unpublished manuscript  
security control for cots components q zhong ieee computer 1998.0 
untersuchungen ã 1/4 ber die allgemeine und die spektrale photosensibilitã $ t von hydra attenuata pall e frei  1973.0 
biophysical profile for fetal assessment in high risk pregnancies z alfirevic jp neilson cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
characteristics and treatment of patients with heart failure in the emergency department jd welsh rm heiser mp schooler dy brockopp mb journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
on the convergence of temporal-difference learning with linear function approximation v tadiä ? machine learning 2001.0 
solving systems of non-linear equations faster jf canny e kaltofen l yagati proc . acm-sigsam  
time to market problems-the organization is the real cause tg rauscher   
polynesian outliers : a study in the survival of small populations s black see ref  
daf-12 advances a life stage counter that specifies developmental age in caenorhabditis elegans a antebi jg culotti em hedgecock  1997.0 
interim report : ansi/x3/sparc study group on data base management systems c bachman l cohn w florance f kirshenbaum h acm sigmod record  
minimal surfaces u dierkesâ ? ¦  1992.0 
automated discovery interaction and composition of web services k sycara m paolucci a ankolekar n srinivasan journal of web  
flexible nets : the roles of intrinsic disorder in protein interaction networks ak dunker ms cortese lm iakoucheva v uversky  2005.0 
motorola move communications towards the miniature fuel cell r neale electronic eng  
state of the art of aero-elastic codes for wind turbine calculation . bm pedersen proc. 28th meeting experts iea annex xi april  
r * optimizer validation and performance evaluationfor distributedqueries lf mackert gm lohman proc . 12th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
switchlets and dynamic virtual atm networks proccedingâ ?? s imâ ?? 97 je van der merwe i leslie san diego  
novell web server rl morrison pc magazine  
purely relational flwors t grust proc . of the acm sigmod/pods 2nd intâ ?? l workshop on xquery & hellip ; 2005.0 
resource sharing and the network approach . w shaw new directions for higher education 1982.0 
a novel approach to the efficient oxygenation of hydrocarbons under mild conditions . superior oxo r curci ld ` accolti c fusco acc chem res 2006.0 
technical report mit-lcs-tr824 : location proxies and intermediate node forwarding for practical dd couto r morris technical report mit laboratory for computer science june  
probabilistic temporal databases part i : algebra a dekhtyar r ross vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems  
experimental population biology in fragmented landscape c perret  2003.0 
linked migration systems : immigration and internal labor flows in the united states r walker m ellis r barff economic geography 1992.0 
full qcd algorithms towards the chiral limit m hasenbusch   
ed staff members ' personal use of complementary therapies and their recommendations to ed patients : ag taylor ys lin a snyder k eggleston journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
population growth and political centralization de dumond see bronson  
the birds of washington . volume ii wl dawson jh bowles  1909.0 
andn . a. lynch . livenessin timedanduntimed systems r gawlick r segala j sogaard-andersen & hellip ; massachusetts institute of technology cambridge massachusetts  
on-line spoilage detection by magnetic resonance imaging tw skloss c nicholls tw schenz at process 2000.0 
the congressional research service bp duffy new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
walking through a very large virtual environment in real-time . 27th int l shou j chionh z huang y ruan kl tan conf . on very large data bases  
how to teach self-management skills to people with severe disabilities : a training manual lk koegel lk koegel dr parks & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa barbara  
synthesis and preliminary evaluation of the biological properties of a 1 alpha 25-dihydroxyvitamin mr uskokovic ps manchand s peleg aw norman proceedings of the 10th workshop on vitamin d 1997 & hellip ;  
a thermal-dissipation-based approach for balancing data load in distributed hash tables s rieche l petrak k wehrle   
g-win - the gbit/s infrastructure for the german scientific community g hoffmann computer networks 2000.0 
fact division chair 's message ak gupta d mahr   
algebraic theory of hamiltonian superoperators monograph x xu to  
an ex-post evaluation of the conservation reserve program : participation erosion and interaction bk goodwin vh smith c hammond unpublished manuscript  
r and march nh 1955 lcr alfred phil . mag  
reconciling schemas of disparate data sources : a machine-learning approach a doan p domingos ay halevy sigmod conference 2001.0 
the indiana center for database systems l hall sigmod record 1991.0 
ideologically structured action : an enlarged agenda for social movement research mn zald mobilization-san diego - 2000.0 
on the positive orthosymmetric bilinear maps k boulabiar   
minorities and women and honors education . mla harvey new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
first-class views : a key to user-centered computing a rosenthal e sciore acm sigmod record 1999.0 
strongly typed inductive concept learning pa flach c giraud-carrier jw lloyd lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
comparison of macroscopic and microscopic models for ultrashort pulses propagation in nonlinear a bourgeade o saut   
shrex : managing xml documents in relational databases f du s amer-yahia j freire proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
swim : an ai-based system for organizational management pm berry b drabble procs . of the 2nd nasa intl. workshop on planning and & hellip ;  
implementation of a friction estimation and compensation technique j amin b friedland a harnoy time  
vision based object tracking using ls-n-ips p torma c szepesvari  2000.0 
blue receptor distribution in primates from intense light and histochemic studies hg sperling see verriest  
an approach to balancing the risks of r & d performance goals jp martino   
self-esteem and clarity of the self-concept jd campbell journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
cognitive design principles for visualizations : revealing and instantiating j heiser b tversky m agrawala p hanrahan   
potential theory on harmonic spaces c constantinescu a cornea  1973.0 
the lived experience of minnesota secondary school library media specialists in an era of me kelsey  2004.0 
nfql : the natural forms query language dw embley acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
a framework for vacuuming temporal databases university of maryland at college park college park cs jensen l mark md  
a system for using r & d project evaluation methods we souder research management 1978.0 
multiple { symbol differential detection scheme for differential amplitude modulation izsâ ?? 94 ( t suzuki t mizuno zurich switzerland mar  
amdb : an access method debugging toolkit m kornacker m shah jm hellerstein proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
a hierarchical approach to concurrency control for multidatabases y leu ak elmagarmid   
application of virtual environments to the training of naval personnel.â ?? w levison r pew d getty  1994.0 
protein based optical computing and optical memories rr birge ieee computer  
the role of emergency services in health care for the elderly : a review . jl wofford e schwartz je byrum journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
consumers in swiss online grocery shops p sieber electronic markets 2000.0 
absence and existence of bit-errors in cdma with and without interference cancellation r van der hofstad m lã ¶ we f vermet  2004.0 
databases and workflow management : what . is it all about ? - p statement   
a stochastic optimization model to improve production planning and r & d resource allocation in rl schmidt management science 1996.0 
a descriptive analysis of european office real estate cycles : comparative modelling with us real s laposa b ashton r barkham b gilbertson  1999.0 
paleocene geography of southern california [ ph. d. dissert . ] og sage jr santa barbara university of california  
optimal policy for batch operations : backup checkpoint reorganization and updating gm lohman ja muckstadt acm tods  
locating globalization : feminist ( re ) readings of the subjects and spaces of globalization r nagar v lawson l mcdowell s hanson   
thã © mis : a database programming language handling integrity constraints v benzaken a doucet the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
life history characteristics of commercially important groundfish species off california oregon and ek pikitch fisheries research institute . seattle washington . fri-8907  
watchman : a data warehouse intelligent cache manager p scheuermann j shim r vingralek proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
network protocols and users-bridging the gap g ghinea jp thomas rsf multimedia proc of acm  
the quantum theory of radiation and line spectra w wilson phil . mag  
the human factor and organization of support for operators of a nuclear power plant vi naumov at .  
low-cost compensation-based query processing o grwlen so hvasshovd o torbjgrnsen   
wisconsin superconductive energy storage project rw boom ha peterson w young wisconsin university report pb-238  
specification and transformation of programs ha partsch  1990.0 
accounting market and subjective measures of firm performance : three sides of the same coin wg rowe jlj morrow jf finch unpublished manuscript  
portfolios : purposeful collections of student work ja mullin new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
asymptotic choice number for triangle free graphs ar johansson to  
distance-based indexing for high-dimensional metric spaces t bozkaya m ozsoyoglu sigmod rec 1997.0 
predictive scheduling of network processors t wolf p pappu ma franklin computer networks 2003.0 
rationale and new experimental evidence on the adequacy of conducted instead of radiated r bersier b szentkuti & hellip ; . 5th int . symp . electromagn . compat . ( zurich switzerland ) & hellip ;  
server 2000 books online v8 . 00.02 sql mic04 microsoft corp 2004.0 
a static robust control of an electroplating line with a periodic output objective jp denat sc dutilleul s marteau 2nd international conference on management and control of & hellip ;  
final report contraves corp s kose zurich ( switzerland ) . space dept  
prochlorperazine-induced neuroleptic malignant syndrome gr pesola c quinto journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
interpolation and contouring of discontinuous discrete data g reid  1997.0 
the geography of disaster vulnerability in megacities . a theoretical framework ji uitto applied geography 1998.0 
my personal search engine macj overmeer computer networks 1999.0 
eating disordered adolescent males ao eliot cw baker adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
theoretical and experimental study of a power split continuously variable transmission system part g mantriota proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
topics in galois theory no jp serre   
reverse link power control performance for high speed data over cdma s kumar s nanda a falconi proc . int . conf . telecommunications  
strategic laboratory use : how to use hypothesis-based laboratory testing d hancock proc . 28th annu . conv . am . assn. bov . pract. san antonio & hellip ;  
web site globalization j disabatino computerworld  
organizational theories : some criteria for evaluation sb bacharach the academy of management review 1989.0 
simple algorithm for robust pole assignment in linear output feedback gr duan   
moving beyond dyadic ties : a network theory of stakeholder influences tj rowley the academy of management review 1997.0 
blade runners and picasso cafã © : a case study evaluation of two work-based training programs for s currie k foley s schwartz m taylor-lewis   
structural damage to citrus leaves from spider mite feeding lg albrigo cc childers jp syversten proc . int . soc . citriculture  
integration of heterogeneous databases without common domains using queries based textual similarity w cohen proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
semistructured data may 1997 p buneman tutorial sigmod  
queens college . bo wireman aw lee new directions for higher education 1986.0 
transgenic plant research c meyer k lindsey harwood academic publication zurich  
the role of teacher as mentor lj zachary new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
determination of detector efficiency in î ³ spectrometry of large-volume samples ã?g tertyshnik at korsakov at .  
vertical and horizontal percentage aggregations c ordonez proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
south dakota state university m ed ph. d. university of california santa  
tight upper and lower bounds for correlation of bivariate distributions arising in air pollution d de veaux  1976.0 
social capital community coalitions and the role of institutions . sr smith unpublished manuscript  
mobile video-streaming md walker m nilsson t jebb r turnbull bt technology journal 2003.0 
vehicle simulation program : a tool to evaluate hybrid power management strategies based on an j van mierlo g maggetto proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
an introduction to disk modelling c ruemmler j wilkes ieee computer  
ghao m sun l et al. [ j ] rm crooks m zhaoâ ? ¦ acc chem res  
student self-efficacy in college science : an investigation of gender age and academic achievement dl witt-rose  2003.0 
quantitati6e seismicity of the aegean and surrounding area pm hatzidimitriou bc papazachos gf karakaisis proceedings xxiv general assembly of esc athens greece  
cryptanalysis of xinmei digital signature scheme j van tilburg electronic letters 1992.0 
on the road to mobile databases . web address ( http://www . pcmag . com/article2/0 4149 4180 00 . asp p magazine pc magazine  
learning by design rh davis new directions for higher education 1977.0 
incorporating query term dependencies in language models for document retrieval m srikanth r srihari   
the theory of composite gw milton to appear  
high wireless act c willard computerworld  
reliability of ku-band gaas power fet 's under highly stressed rf operation pm white cg rogers bs hewitt proc ieee 21st int re1 phys symp  
as empresas na web l erlanger pc magazine brasil  
familiarity and repetition suppression : multimodal imaging of medial temporal cortical contributions bd gonsalves i kahn t curranâ ? ¦   
an empirical comparison of b-trees compact b-trees and multiway trees dm arnow acm sigmod record 1984.0 
yangians and their applications handbook of algebra vol . 3 ai molev elsevier to  
the changing office ' b machrone ma bragen l grunin pc  
binary resistive networks cmu analog ieee computer  
a query language and processor for a web-site management system m fernandez d florescu a levy d suciu   
on the influence of the kernel on the consistency of support vector machines i steinwart journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
techniques of nasotracheal intubation with the fiberoptic bronchoscope m nakayama n kataoka y usui n inase journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
jo querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions ay levy a rajaraman proceedings of the 22th international conference on very  
visual attentive interfaces t selker bt technology journal 2004.0 
popular medicine in hios s haviara-karahalios  1993.0 
logical and physical versioning in main memory databases r rastogi s seshadri p bohannon dw leinbaugh a proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very & hellip ; 1997.0 
the potential of the coastal fishery development in the waters surrounding the kastellorhizo isle ( c papaconstantinou h garagitsou ki stergiou v greece : national centre for marine research athens march  
surface modified liposomes by coating with charged hydrophilic molecules ml sagrista m mora ma de madariaga cellular and molecular biology  
two-dimensional high-lift aerodynamic optimization using neural networks rm greenman   
deaths associated with inappropriate intravenous colchicine administration ra bonnel ml villalba cb karwoski j beitz journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
constructive reals in coq : axioms and first order equivalence h geuvers m niqui  2001.0 
computer supported cooperative work and groupware : a survey of systems and the behavioral and social j grudin s poltrock proceedings of acm  
professional nursing council empowers staff nurses to solve clinical problems and increases rn d seguin journal of emergency nursing 2003.0 
neutron generation in an extended lead target va voronko vm dâ ?? yachenko kd tolstovâ ? ¦ at .  
interventions for the treatment of twin-twin transfusion syndrome d roberts jp neilson am weindling cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
process support to help novices design software faster and better ag cass lj osterweil proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
optimizing smalltalk message performance f mellender s riegel a straw acm press frontier series 1989.0 
the aids knowledge base ; 1994 p cohen ma sande pa volberding   
sql : 1999 formerly known as sql3 a eisenberg j melton sigmod record 1999.0 
studies of the li test to distinguish beidellite and montmorillonite am bystrã ¶ m-brusewitz proc . int . clay conf  
computer graphics : the introductory course grows up l hitchner s cunningham s grissom r wolfe acm sigcse bulletin 1999.0 
between apathy and advocacy : teaching and modeling ethical reflection k hanson new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
hazards in changing cities jk mitchell applied geography 1998.0 
artificial photosynthesis : solar splitting of water to hydrogen and oxygen j allen acc . chem . res 1995.0 
implication-based neuro-fuzzy architectures d rutkowska r nowicki applied mathematics and computer science 2000.0 
the many faces of consensus in distributed systems j turek   
ydraylika erga para toic arhaioic ( hydraulic works of the ancients ) dl papadimos  1974.0 
spherical functions and spherical laplace transform on ordered symmetric space g olafsson submitted for  
services via mobility portals d ralph cg shephard bt technology journal 2001.0 
r. presa jj & garcã?a - garcã?a gl de guevara md  
infrared charge coupled devices aj steckl & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
stochastic stability of differential equations sijthoff and noordhoff alphen aan den rijn the rz hasminski md  
trans-european effects of â ?? trans-european networksâ ?? : a spatial cge analysis j brã ¶ cker technical university dresden mimeo  
r. desjardins widearea technologies and services in the trans-pacific high data rate ( hdr ) e hsu c hung n kadowaki n yoshimura t proceedings of the 23rd pacific telecommunications  
henry roth and his novel '' call it sleep '' hu ribalow wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1962.0 
ands . m. sripada â ?? tsql2 language specification â ?? rt snodgrass i ahn g ariav ds batory j sigmod record  
phase-locked loop dynamics in the presence of noise by fokker-planck techniques aj viterbi proc . ieee  
perceptions of autonomy support parent attachment competence and self-worth as predictors of eh wong dj wiest lb cusick adolescence-san diego - 2002.0 
39 : specification and acceptance testing of computed tomography scannersdiagnostic x-ray imaging a report   
deconstructing massive multiplayer online role-playing games q jones z kumar w kahan proceedings of vldb  
cytochrome b me nelson g finazzi qj wang ka middleton-zarka   
interpretation of macro-and micro-mixing measured by dualwavelength photometric tomographyâ ?? m rahimi m buchmann r mann d mewes proceedings  
the grounds and extent of legal responsibility rw wright   
service-learning is for everybody r shumer new directions for higher education 2001.0 
incremental evaluation of rules and its relationship to parallelism o wolfson hm dewan sj stolfo y yemini   
an access path model for physical database design rh katz e wong proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1980.0 
urban water reuse in australia r williams & hellip ; of case studies and demonstration projects in : american & hellip ;  
database replication using epidemic update j holliday d agrawal ae abbadi  2000.0 
summary of estimates of fertility and mortality a coale f lorimer see ref  
in-service evaluations of experimental traffic barriers : an interim report ca leonin rd powers  1986.0 
editorial am jell dn clough bt technology journal 2000.0 
development of cavitation and enhanced injector models for diesel fuel injection system simulation hk lee mf russell cs bae hd shin   
auxiliary partial orthotopic liver transplantation as a rescue for small-for-size grafts harvested m kasahara t kiuchi k uryuhara k takakura h transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
nd.â ?? francis bacon and the new empire of knowledge.â ?? harvard university department of m girard unpublished  
an improved protocol validation technique ch west j rubin computer networks  
gameod : an internet based game-on-demand framework f li rwh lau d kilis proceedings of acm vrst 2004.0 
advancing service-learning at research universities a furco new directions for higher education 2001.0 
towards a general theory of the digital library m collier   
attitudes toward rape : a comparative analysis of police rapists crisis counselors and citizens hs feild journal of personality and social psychology  
an estimate for the position of the lowest dipole-level of a nucleus bf touschek phil . mag 1950.0 
the uses of ecology : lake washington and beyond.â ?? university of washington press wt edmondson seattle washington  
multiple uses of frequent sets and condensed representations h mannila h toivonen proc . kdd  
integrated manufacturing and job design : moderating effects of organizational inertia jw dean jr sa snell the academy of management journal 1991.0 
9600-bps modems : breaking the speed barrier â ?? m byrd pc magazine dec  
use of remote sensing techniques to enhance in situ water quality monitoring dp bierl water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
differential games r issacs  1967.0 
a formal trade-off between optimization and execution costs in semantic query optimization s shekharâ ? ¦ proc . 14th vldb conference  
role-based access control model r sandhu e coyne hl feinstein c youman ieee computer  
the princess series r wolanczyk proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
predicting college success : the importance of ability and non-cognitive variables s ransdell international journal of educational research 2001.0 
anew sql-like operator formining association rules r meo g psaila s ceri   
the infosleuth project white-paper d woelk c tomlinson technical report infosleuth-95-01 microelectronics and computer  
application-specific path switching : a case study for streaming video s tao r guerin   
semantic interoperability in information services : a gal sigmod record 1999.0 
rateâ ?? process with dynamic disorder r zwanzig acc . chem . res  
richa . accessingnearbycopies ofreplicatedobjectsin adistributedenvironment c plaxton r rajaramanda proc . acm spaa june  
vacuum-sealed silicon micromachined incandescent light source ch mastrangelo rs muller   
database concurrency control using data flow graphs mh eich dl wells acm transactions on database systems 1988.0 
semantic of message sequence charts with use case maps rg crespo submitted for  
energy-efficient issue logic d folegnani a gonzalez proc . of the 28th annual intl. symp . on comp . architecture  
heat transfer aj chapman   
irrigation management transfer in vietnam mt nguyen lt ha international conference on irrigation management transfer  
context interchange : sharing the meaning of data e madnick m siegel sigmod record  
dieless nc forming and sheet fluid forming t maki imtma conference bombay india  
a selectivity model for fragmented relations : applied in information retrieval he blok s choenni hm blanken   
structuring requirement specifications with goals j lee nl xue jy kuo information & software technology 2001.0 
trace refinement of action systems rjr back j von wright lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
srikant r. fastalgorithms formining association rules in large databases r agrawal proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;  
new collapse consequences of np having small circuits j koebler o watanabe lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
should evaluators be certified ? aj love new directions for program evaluation  
the autoweb system p fraternali p paolini submitted for  
formal semantics and analysis of object queries gm bierman   
antiprotons as probes of solar modulation jw bieber ra burger r engel tk gaisser t proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf  
two approaches to implementing generic data structures in modula-2 rs wiener rf sincovec acm sigplan notices 1985.0 
study of human-robot interaction at the aaai robot rescue competition ha yanco jl drury j scholtz  2002.0 
the instruction of amenemope : a critical edition and commentary prolegomenon and prologue jr black  2002.0 
years of the national agricultural education research meeting : analyzing the past to discover future rb radhakrisha proceedings of the 25 thannual national agricultural & hellip ;  
diode lasers-an innovative tool for production m haag laseropto-stuttgart - 2000.0 
beauty product sites facing channel clash s machlis computerworld  
parameters of cache systems based on a zipf-like distribution dg dolgikh am sukhov computer networks 2001.0 
query evaluation under the well founded semantics w chen   
the response of a resonant system to a gliding tone nf barber f ursell phil . mag  
cognitive modeling demonstrates how people use anticipated location knowledge of menu items aj hornof de kieras   
dcom activex and corba must live together m dolgicer p fischer application development trends 1997.0 
quantum mechanics li schiff   
how we think about evaluation er house new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
optimal computation of total projections with unions of simple chase join expressions epf chan proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1984.0 
priority assignment in real-time active databases d towsley the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
a wespi a-towards a taxonomy of intrusion-detection systems h debar m dacier computer networks  
the manual of learning styles 3 rdedition 1992 p honey a mumford   
cryptanalysis of alleged a5 stream cipher jd golic lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
compiler optimizations for distributed memory multicomputers used in the paradigm compiler dj palermo e su ja chandy p banerjee proceedings of the 23rd international conference on parallel  
image analysis random fields and dynamic monte carlo methods : a mathematical introduction g winkler  1995.0 
1978 new orleans data base design working report vy lumâ ? ¦ 5th international conference on very large data  
topic-se : a tool-based open platform for integration of control in software environments k foughali b folliot information and software technology  
microsoft windows 2000 active directory services j spealman  2000.0 
perspectives from the history and the politics of bilingualism and bilingual education in the united k hakuta ef mostafapour see parasnis 1996.0 
analysis of existing test suites d estival k falkedal l balkan e dauphin s   
automatically identifying reusable components in object-oriented legacy code lh etzkorn cg davis ieee computer  
storing semistructured data with stored a deutsh m fernandezâ ? ¦ proc of acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
media-basednavigationforhypermediasystems k hirata y hara n shibata f hirabayashi proceedings of acm hypertext  
a tsql2 tutorial rt snodgrassâ ? ¦ sigmod record 1994.0 
25443 usa 1990 wv shepherdstown   
a survey of approaches to automatic schema matching s melnik e rahm pa bernstein journal of web semantics  
cis a cytokine inducible sh2 protein is a target of the jak-stat5 pathway and modulates stat5 a matsumoto m masuhara k mitsui m yokouchi m blood-new york - 1997.0 
investigating upper bounds on network lifetime extension for cell-based energy conservation dm blough p santi proceedings of the acm/ieee international conference on & hellip ; 2002.0 
survey : continuous query over data streams s rahul acm sigmod record  
progranuning windows c petzold  1990.0 
using second-order power analysis to attack dpa resistant software ts messerges lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
the state role . pm callan rw jonsen new directions for higher education 1976.0 
in vitro culture in forage grass improvement bv conger dj gray proc 28th grass breeders work planning conf ( in press )  
mobile ip and ad hoc networks : an integration and implementation experience yc tseng cc shen wt chen   
on uncertainty ambiguity and complexity in project management mt pich ch loch a de meyer management science 2002.0 
generalizing abstraction functions b lampson  1997.0 
a unified approach for hybrid control v borkar m branicky s mitter procs ieee decision and control conf. orlando dec  
agriculture in the world economy : an historical geography of decline d grigg geography  
m. ross d. botstein d. and brown p. ( 1999 ) clustering methods for the analysis of dna r tibshirani te hastie technical report stanford  
maybe programmers should work at home . e yourdon computerworld. 1982.0 
electrical properties of the epidermal stratum corneum t yamamoto y yamamoto iyodenshi to seitai kogaku 1973.0 
models of the self and other : fundamental dimensions underlying measures of adult attachment d griffin k bartholomew journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
a variable span scatterplot smoother . laboratory for computational statistics jh friedman  1984.0 
e. mw friedman and cj pollard . 1987 . a centering approach to pronouns s brennan proceedings of the 25 thannual meeting of the association  
microsoft powerpoint at a glance p inc  1997.0 
synthesis of the isotope of element 103 with mass number 256 [ j ] ed dontes va shchegolev va ermakov at en  
making type inference practical n oxhj j palsberg mi schwartzbach   
the impact of the value of womenâ ? s time on food and nutritionâ ? b senauer i.  
social isolation in the rat produces developmentally specific deficits in prepulse inhibition of the ls wilkinson sa killcross t humby fs hallâ ? ¦ neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1994.0 
an application of cluster analysis to health services research : empirically defined health states c sugar l lenert r olshen  1999.0 
euledexperiment correlations of sonic boom pressure signatures se cliff sd thomas md 1923.0 
adaptive management of an active service network iw marshall c roadknight bt technology journal 2000.0 
performance of gmos vs. traditional varieties : a southern perspective . p. 1â ?? 9 h minor proc . of the 28th soybean seed research conf. chicago il . & hellip ;  
against no-atman theories of anatta asian philosophy 12 m albahari  2002.0 
join indexes p valduriez acm tods  
teaching by telephone ch olgren new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
the case for colour sp adinarayan  1964.0 
predicate calculus and program semantics . texts and monographs in computer science ew dijkstra cs scholten  1990.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?database techniques for the world-wide web : a surveyã cents â ? ¬ â ? d florescu ay levy ao mendelzon sigmod  
phylip ( phylogenetic inference package ) version 3.5 c ( distributed by the author ) j felsenstein seattle washington usa : department of genetics university & hellip ;  
methylxanthines for exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease rg barr bh rowe ca camargo jr cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
the ecrc multi database system w jonker h schã 1/4 tz proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
t. and c. li . papadimitriou . '' an optimality theory of concurrency control for databases '' ii kung proceedings of the 1979 sigmod  
adaptive stream filters for entity-based queries with non-value tolerance r cheng b kao s prabhakar a kwan y tu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
supporting frequent updates in r-trees : a bottom-up approach ml lee w hsu cs jensen b cui kl teo vldb 2003.0 
teletext for public information : laboratory and field studies m elton j carey new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
extending query rewriting techniques for fine-grained access control s rizvi a mendelzon s sudarshan p roy sigmod 2004.0 
iterative solution of large sparse systems of equations w hackbusch  1993.0 
institutionalization of program evaluation in canada : the federal level l rutman j mayne new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
ps/2 â ?? peter norton y richard wilton pc el ibm microsoft  
are we measuring what we want to measure ? an analysis of individual consistency in survey response s bignami submitted for publication  
synthesis of tchebycheff parameter symmetrical filters aj grossman proc . ire  
forest offences and impediment to forest resources conservation in akwa-ibom state es udo proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the forestry & hellip ;  
conceptualizing the scholarship of teaching and identifying unresolved issues : the framework for c kreber new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
ensuring relaxed atomicity for flexible transactions in multidatabase systems . in proceedings of the a zhangâ ? ¦ acm press . minneapolis minnesota usa  
acousto-optics - a review of fundamentals a korpel ieee proceedings 1981.0 
historical earthquakes in europe j kozã ¡ k mc thompson  1991.0 
systems integration and the environment sj haigh bt technology journal 1997.0 
reversion timing options and long-term decision-making dg laughton hd jacoby   
integrated parallel prefetching and caching t kimbrel p cao ew felten ar karlin k li proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ; 1996.0 
influencing database language standards l gallagher sigmod record 1994.0 
locally weighted regression for control cg atkeson aw moore s schaal artificial intelligence review  
the interpretation ofcultures c geertz new york : basicbooks  
theme issue : overlay networks jd touch computer networks  
rfc 977 : network news transfer protocol b kantor   
problem-based learning in leadership education em bridges p hallinger new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
learned helplessness : the result of uncontrollable reinforcements or uncontrollable aversive stimuli js benson kj kennelly journal of personality and social psychology  
methods of calculating lasers [ in russian ] vol . 2 bi stepanov nauka  
rondo : a programming platform for generic model management ( extended version ) s melnik e rahm pa bernstein technical report leipzig university 2003 . available at http : / /  
about beamlab a toolbox for new multiscale methodologies cs choi dl donoho ag flesia x huo o levi d   
managing text as data g pavlovic-lazetic e wong vldb 1986.0 
poce chemotherapy-phase ii trial in elderly patients with advanced stage diffuse large-cell lymphoma se oâ ?? reilly p hoskins s howdleâ ? ¦ proc 28th am soc clin oncol san diego  
towards high-quality synthesis of the guitar and string instruments m karjalainen v v & m & i z janosy proc . int . comp . music  
using consensus to solve atomic snapshots t chandra c dwork submitted for  
tool for social science students and researchers c bierens de haan g chabrã © f lapique g regev proceedings of acm  
a semantic modeling approach for video retrieval by content e ardizzone ms hacid   
accommodating students with special needs in the online classroom tj buggey new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
adjoint sensitivity for differential-algebraic equations : part i the adjoint dae ayatem y cao s li l petzold r serban manuscript univ. of california santa barbara  
a low incidence of grade ii to iv acute gvhd but high mortality from infection using hla-a - b and - j mattsson o ringden j aschan l barkholt t transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
replica determinism in fault-tolerant real-time systems s poledna technical university of vienna  
rise above the static j downey pc magazine may  
cohomological characteristics of real projective hypersurfaces io kalinin algebra i analiz  
an efficient clustering for large database s guha r rastogi k shim proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
a and k. salem . sagas h garda-mol intl. conference on very large data  
the chronicle of the bank of greece e venezis  1955.0 
thermal and petrologic structure of subduction zones sm peacock subduction : top to bottom 1996.0 
constructing efficient decision trees by using optimized numeric association rules t fukuda y morimoto vldb 1996.0 
prediction of type i diabetes in first-degree relatives using a combination of insulin gad and cf verge r gianani e kawasaki l yu m diabetes-new  
formation of rings in galactic discs by infalling small companions e athanassoula i puerari a bosma   
the northwest federation of community organizations â ?? np center northwest job gap study â ?? seattle washington january  
tv advertising program quality and product-market oligopoly t nilssen l sã ¸ rgard   
on the performance of internet worm scanning strategies . univ cc zou d towsley w gong massachusetts amherst technical report : tr-03-cse-07 november  
cost of producing a kilogram of cotton mr chaudry proceedings of the 23rd international cotton conference & hellip ;  
game specification in the trias politica g boella l van der torre   
real time cable tracking using texture descriptors a grau j climent j aranda proc . int . conf .  
community participationa new frontier in land management . keynote paper a campbell international conference on sustainable land management  
consolidating and applying the sdl-pattern approach : a detailed case study r gotzhein information and software technology 2003.0 
supporting rfid-based item tracking applications in oracle dbms using a bitmap datatype y hu s sundara t chorma j srinivasan oo drive proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
the role of simulation in developing game playing strategies rp jones dj thuente   
conceptual modeling for distributed ontology environments dl mcguinness lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
database research at at & t bell laboratories hv jagadish acm sigmod record 1993.0 
error-correction coding for digital communications gc clark jb cain  1981.0 
chemicalâ ® fingerprinting and in vitro toxicological profiling for the safety evaluation of h noteborn a lommen jm weseman rcm van der jagt report of the demonstration programme on food safety & hellip ; 1998.0 
mediating interface between hypertext and structured documents k hayashi a sekijima   
the spectrum of the penetrating x-rays from radium b and radium c e rutherford enc andrade phil . mag  
groningen molecular simulation ( gromos ) system ph hunenberger p kruger ae mark wrp scott ig  1996.0 
constrained dynamics k sundermeyer  1982.0 
valproate for acute mood episodes in bipolar disorder k macritchie jr geddes j scott d haslam m de cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
sagas h gacia-molina k salem acm-sigmod international conference on management of data  
profiting from value-added wireless services x geng ab whinston   
benchmark for layout synthesisâ ? evolution and current status . int k kozminski proc . 28th acmieee design automation conf. san  
the chadronian orellan and whitneyan land mammal ages rj emry pr bjork ls russell see woodburne  
managing memory to meet multiclass workload response time goals kp brown mj carey m livny proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
orthogonal functions analysis of singular systems with impulsive responses ieeexplore.ieee.org   
functional morphology of the forelimb joints in the wooly monkey lagothrix lagothricha lk ziemer contributions to primatology 1978.0 
unified dynamic hashing jk mullin vldb 1984.0 
experimental studies of deposition by debris flows : process characteristics of deposits and jj major seattle washington  
videoq : an automated content-based video search system using visual cues c sh-fâ ? ¦ proc of acm  
stochastic stability of differential equations sijthoff & noordhoff alphen aan den rijnâ ?? rz hasminskii md  
extrapolation of damage test data to predict performance of large-area nif optics at 355 nm md feit am rubenchik mr kozlowski fy gã © nin s proc . spie 1999.0 
a sat based approach for solving formulas over boolean and linear mathematical propositions g audemard p bertoli a cimatti a kornilowicz r lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
computational identification of legume-specific genes ma graham ka silverstein sb cannon ka  2004.0 
teaching colonial american history : a conceptual interdisciplinary approach . me james social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
columbus bibliography . kd harvey social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
high speed arithmetic in binary computers ol macsorley proc . ire  
quantitative assessment of druginduced change in ohc lateral wall mechanics n morimoto a nygren we brownell see ref  
nonionizing electromagnetic wave effects in biological materials and systems cc johnson aw guy proc . ieee  
perceptual assessment of demosaicing algorithm performance p longere x zhang pb delahunt dh brainard proceedings-ieee 2002.0 
a generalization of association-rule mining d q flocks tsur jd ullman s. abiteboul c. clifton r. motwani s. & hellip ;  
global constraints for lexicographic orderings a frisch b hnich z kiziltan i miguel t walsh lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
relational learning with statistical predicate invention : better models for hypertext m craven s slattery machine learning 2001.0 
taming the information tsunami b bruck  2002.0 
the speciation and biogeography of birds : academic press i newton san diego ca  
versioning and configuration management in an object-oriented data model e sciore the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
trade unions and full employment report to the lo congress 1951 r meidner g rehnâ ? ¦ landsorganisationen i sverige  
it 's nothing new ! a history of conflict in higher education sa holton new directions for higher education 1995.0 
information structures : tools in problem solving me d'imperio acm sigmod record 1969.0 
rapid application prototyping the proquel language jy lingat p colignon c rolland vldb 1988.0 
migration of lanthanum through the pollen exine jr rowley jj flynn proc . 28th annu . meet . electron . microsc . soc . am  
capturing both types and constraints in data integration m benedikt cy chan w fan j freire r rastogi sigmod conference 2003.0 
the future of the ieee 1394 for instrumentation systems f tim  2000.0 
a study of the size-cost-achievement relationships in the reorganized school districts of wisconsin . dh bragg  1960.0 
a new relaxation algorithm for the time optimal control problems of hybrid step motors rh brown y zhu x feng proc . 28th ieee conf decision contr. tampa fl dec  
integration of a decentralized computer facility ra greenes proc . acm nat . conf  
colloidal suspensions l struble proceedings of ph. d. course at dtu ( shah s. ; bui vk & hellip ;  
efficient optimization of simple chase join expressions p atzeni epf chan acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
stability and malleability of the self-concept h markus z kunda  1986.0 
anorganische und allgemeine chemie in fl flussigen ammoniak j jander part  
histochemical and immunohistochemical properties of skeletal muscle fibres fromrana andxenopus am rowlerson nc spurway the histochemical journal 1988.0 
vic : a flexible framework for packet video s mccanne   
exploiting underlying structure for detailed reconstruction of an internet-scale event a kumar v paxson n weaver   
consortium x window system version 11 release 5 x mit  1990.0 
the architecture of the link quality source routing protocol r draves j padhye b zill   
accelerating xpath evaluation in any rdbms t grust m van keulen j teubner acm transactions on database systems 2004.0 
strategic planning and firm performance : a synthesis of more than two decades of research cc miller lb cardinal the academy of management journal 1994.0 
improving the java memory model using crf jw maessen x shen   
on system designs for distributed extensible framework for network monitoring and control h li s yang js baras & hellip ; to ifip/ieee international conference on management of & hellip ;  
a method for estimating the prevalence of disability from traumatic brain injury jl guerrero s leadbetter dj thurman g whiteneck submitted for publication  
partition selection policies in object oriented database garbage collection je cook al wolf bg zorn  1994.0 
results and challenges in web search evaluation d hawking n craswell p thistlewaite d harman www8 / computer networks 1999.0 
apocrypha : making p2p overlays network-aware p ganesan q sun h garcia-molina   
critical selected stability constants of metal complexes database version 2.0 national institute ae martell rm smith rj motekaitis md  
competition capabilities and the make buy or ally decisions of chinese state-owned firms s white academy of management journal 2000.0 
efficiency-quality tradeoffs for vector score aggregation pkc singitham m mahabhashyam p raghavan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
a one dimensional imaging x-ray spectrograph based on a toroidally bent crystal m dirksmã ¶ llerâ ? ¦  1998.0 
using literature to teach location . by louie social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
efficient management of multiversion documents by object referencing sycvj tsotras c zaniolo   
the synthesizer generator : a system for constructing language-based editors tw reps t teitelbaum  1988.0 
robust recursive least-squares method with modified weights for bilinear system identification h dai nk sinha   
a and pitt gd 1971 ja wilson phil . mag  
basic physical mechanisms determining performance of the ch3f laser dt hodges jr tucker ts hartwick & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
hardware accelerated rendering of csg and transparency mkk gouldâ ? ¦ proc . of acm siggraph  
plan-per-tuple optimization solution-parallel execution of expensive user-defined functions f carifio woâ ?? connell   
the presidency of a small college . dc west new directions for higher education 1983.0 
objects and views in proc s abiteboul a bonner  1991.0 
validation of subgradient optimization m held p wolfe hp crowder mathematical programming 1974.0 
template-based wrappers in the tsimmis system . acms anthology p edition   
the oesign of a rotating associative emory far relational database applications cs lin dcp smith j smith   
ifo : a formal semantic database model s abiteboul r hull acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
coming soon : referencepoint 3.0 scm chen pc magazine 1993.0 
saturnâ ?? s rings : pre-cassini status and mission goals 2002 sp . sci . rev jn cuzzi je colwell lw esposito cc porco ce  2001.0 
parametric optimization of synthetic gratings using vector diffraction theory ( abstract only ) e noponen a vasara j turunen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the importance of being small h root unpublished manuscript  
integrating reliable memory in databases vldb '97 wt ng pm chen proceedings of 23th international conference on very large & hellip ;  
arterial bus operations : median bus lanes in eugene oregon g carey bus rapid transit demonstration program : workshop on transit & hellip ;  
cyclic cohomology d husemoller tata institute bombay  
permeability response to tumor necrosis factor alpha in brain microvessel endothelial cells involves wj trickler wg mayhan dw miller   
improving the quality of iso 9001 audits in the field of software aj walker information and software technology  
who supported the canada-us free trade agreement : factor or industry cleavages in trade policy ? e beaulieu unpublished manuscript  
electronic markets in hong kong 's air cargo community : thanks but no thanks j damsgaard electronic markets 1998.0 
development of an oil-free vacuum deposition unit rj patel sg dewan cp gopalaraman bhabha atomic research centre bombay india . 1975 19 1975.0 
social council-economic commission for africa â ?? un economic   
18 1881 . from that date until march 3 1883 when his term in the us senate ended davis was second jag died september   
automatic software test generation m camuffo m maiocchi m morselli information and software technology 1990.0 
handbook of unusual natural phenomena sourcebook project glen arm wr corliss md  
effects of immunosuppressive therapy on the rat aortic allograft model dm steele da hullett wo bechstein j kowalski transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 deficiency does not influence the outcome of murine aw rijneveld s florquin p bresser m levi r   
geominer : a system prototype for spatial data mining j han k koperski n stefanovic sigmod conference 1997.0 
a transaction language complete for database update and speclficatlon s ablteboul v vlanu proc 6th acm sigact-sigmod symp prmclples of database & hellip ; 1987.0 
on extending the functions of a relational databaee system rl hasbin ra lorie proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod conference ( orlando fla.  
conditions for the occurrence of electrical discharges in astrophysical systems jw dungey phil . mag  
setting two variables at a time yields a new lower bound for random 3-sat d achioptas proc . 32nd acm stoc  
software maintenance : penny wise program foolish g parikh   
an improvement over : '' an improvement over deeply nested if-then-else control structure a lakhotia acm sigplan notices 1983.0 
targeting chemosensitizing doses of toremifene based on protein binding gt wurz vd emshoff mw degregorio vj wiebe cancer chemotherapy and pharmacology 1993.0 
mobile computing : fertile research area or black hole ? hf korth   
the leadership of a university : reflections . cp magrath new directions for higher education 1988.0 
graphical analysis patterns sj mellor procs . software development west98  
weave maps across the web wf limp  1997.0 
developing scholarly teaching and the scholarship of teaching and learning through faculty learning l richlin md cox new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
effect of the salvaging operations performed on nuclear-powered submarines on the radioecological va danilyan vl vysotskii aa maksimov yv at .  
description logics for semantic query optimization in object-oriented database systems d beneventano s bergamaschi c sartori acm transactions on database systems 2003.0 
domesticating broadbandâ ?? what consumers really do with flat-rate always-on and fast internet b anderson c gale mlr jones a mcwilliam bt technology journal 2002.0 
packing up to 200 equal circles in a square pg szabo e specht submitted for  
restructuring a parallel simulation to improve cache behavior in a shared-memory multiprocessor : a dr cheriton ha goosen p machanick international symposium on shared memory multiprocessing  
a survey of research and develoment in distributed database systems jb rothnie n goodman proc . 3rd int . conf very large databases oct  
fql-a functional query language pb pi re frankel acm sigmod conf . on management of  
special issue on data management analysis and mining for the life sciences t gaasterland h jagadish l raschid the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
a case of rubella encephalitis : rubella virus genome was detected in the cerebrospinal fluid by m date m gondoh s kato m fukushima n nakamoto no to hattatsu 1995.0 
bad blood : the tuskegee syphilis study and legacy recruitment for experimental aids vaccines ks hagen new directions for adult and continuing education 2005.0 
disc brake judder considering instantaneous disc thickness and spatial friction variation h jacobsson proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2003.0 
search architectures for the automatic design of graphical presentations jd mackinlay acm press new york 1991.0 
characterization of the mouse prostaglandin f receptor gene : a transgenic mouse study of a k hasumoto y sugimoto m gotoh e segi a genes to cells 1997.0 
enriching the curriculum through competitions fa karnes tl riley social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
psoup : a system for streaming queries over streaming data s chandrasekaran mj franklin the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
the perfect swarm p panepento computerworld  
a probabilistic approach to metasearching with adaptive probing zlclj cho ww chu data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
data modelling in the large m bertram sigmod record 1994.0 
framework for measuring distributedness in multi-site projects j lehto p marttiin g nyman procs . of sci  
infomediary j king computerworld  
parallel query support for multidimensional data k hahn vldbâ ?? 2001 workshop-supercomputing databases rome italy  
rainforestâ ?? a framework for fast decision tree classification of large datasets j gehrke r ramakrishnan v ganti proc . of the vldb conference august new york city ny  
educating street and homeless children in south africa : challenges of policy implementation m nkomo oa olufemi & hellip ; issue international journal of educational policy research & hellip ;  
a soft-typing system for erlang so nystrom proceedings of acm sigplan erlang  
information systems research at rwth aachen m jarke sigmod record 1995.0 
data collection and analysis for profiling programs : expectations and reality js kaser new directions for program evaluation 1996.0 
the power of qdds b boigelot p godefroid b willems p wolper lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
pancultural aspects of the human conceptual organization of emotions ja russell journal of personality and social psychology  
goals and challenges of the darpa glomo program [ global mobile information systems ] bm leiner rj ruther ar sastry personal communications ieee [ see also ieee wireless & hellip ; 1996.0 
a communication support for real-time distributed computer controlled systems f vasques   
the cost of ems . rr panko computer networks  
supporting top-k join queries in relational databases if ilyas wg aref ak elmagarmid the vldb journal 2004.0 
content-based music audio recommendation p cano m koppenberger n wack proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
peer-to-peer architecture case study : gnutella network m ripeanu   
setting economic leakage targets c report   
an optimized hill climbing algorithm for feature subset selection : evaluation on handwritten cm nunes c kaestner r sabourin   
an inherently loss-less and bandwidth-efficient periodic broadcast scheme for vbr video ( poster i nikolaidis f li a hu proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;  
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems byh garcia-molina 27 thinternational conference on very large data bases  
paup p : phylogenetic analysis using parsimony and other methods sinauer sunderland dl swofford md  
a reservation protocol for broadcast wdm networks and stability analysis v sivaraman gn rouskas computer networks 2000.0 
a model for availability analysis of distributed software/hardware systems cd lai m xie kl poh ys dai p yang information & software technology 2002.0 
estimating frequency of change 2000 j cho h garcia-molina submitted to vldb 2000 research  
temporal probabilistic databases i : algebra a dekhtyar r ross vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems  
query refinement for content-based multimedia retrieval in mars k porkaew k chakrabarti s mehrotra proceedings of acm multimedia conference 1999.0 
concrete in the service of the modem world pk mehta   
aspects of the design of the tsing ma bridge . as beard js young proc. int . conf . on bridges into the 21st century & hellip ;  
demonstration of integrated cmos acceleration sensors and real-time processing software with h junker p lukowicz a caracas ks kunze p description of live demonstration at 1st european symposium & hellip ;  
preemptive rate-based operator scheduling in a data stream management system ma sharaf pk chrysanthis a labrinidis   
incidence and type of malignancies occurring after renal transplantation in conventionally and c hiesse f kriaa p rieu jr larue transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
trust building on corporate collaborative project teams vl herzog project management journal 2001.0 
taxane containing regimens for metastatic breast cancer d ghersi n wilcken j simes e donoghue cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
circulant preconditioners from b-splines rh chan t tso h sun  1997.0 
apologizing versus asking permission : optimistic concurrency control for abstract data types m herlihy acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
a holistic architecture for knowledge discovery in multi-database environments ag bã 1/4 chner b yang s ram da bell jg hughes proc . acm sigmod workshop on research issues on data mining & hellip ; 1997.0 
concordant evolutionary patterns among indo-west pacific butterflyfishes wo mcmillan sr palumbi proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
evaluation and reform dk cohen new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
the concept of climate fk hare geography  
spatial hash-joins ml lo cv ravishankar proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1996.0 
contracting in the days of ebusiness w huemmer w lehner h wedekind sigmod record 2002.0 
on rules proccdurcs caching and views in data base m stoncbrakcr a jhingran j goh s potamiarros systcms . acm-sigmod international conference on the & hellip ;  
distribution-dependent hashing functions and their characteristics rf deutscher pg sorenson jp tremblay proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1975.0 
requirements 10 rotatetext sample program 1150â ?? 1154 rows ce windows   
speech intelligibility derived from exceedingly sparse spectral information s greenberg t arai r silipo   
l. and van ossenbruggen j. evaluating smil : three user case studies poster paper lh rutledge proceedings of acm  
time-resolved fluorescence imaging and background rejection by two-photon excitation in laser dw piston dr sandison ww webb proc . spie 1992.0 
food web structure at equilibrium and far from it : is it the same ? j michalski r arditi proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
reassessing validity threats in experiments : focus on construct validity kj conrad km conrad new directions for program evaluation  
ensuring semi-atomicity for flexible transactions in multi-database system a zhang m nordine b bhargava o bukhres proc . sigmod  
the peter norton pc programmer 's bible p norton pg aitken r wilton microsoft  
fas - a freshness-sensitive coordination middleware for a cluster of olap components u roehm k boehm hj schek h schuldt vldb 2002.0 
on uplink call level qos in ds-cdma networks j misãc vb misãc yk tang computer networks  
portable networks : prototype and performance g bai k oladosu c williamson submitted for publication 2003.0 
bdomino : databases for moving objects tracking ( demo ) ^ in proceedings of the acm international o wolfson ap sistla b xu j zhou s chamberlain  1999.0 
pole-assignment self-tuning control of blood pressure in postoperative patients : a simulation study ne mansour da linkens & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1989.0 
drosophila dsmad2 and atr-i transmit activin/tgf signals p das h inoue jc baker h beppu m kawabata rm genes to cells 1999.0 
graduate faculty council committee on reviews tuesday may 18 2004 8 : 30 am mit 245 ii announcements  2004.0 
the multicultural factor : a curriculum multiplier . m turkovich p mueller social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
special issue : semantic issues in multi-database systems a segev sigmod rec  
the choice of going public : spin-offs vs. carve-outs r michaely wh shaw   
education attainment and the geography of choice m bradford geography  
automatic extraction and integration of bibliographic information on the web [ a ] jf geng jab yang proceedings of the 29th vldb conferenceberlin germany  
experiences with a knowledge discovery support environment f giannotti g manco d pedreschi f turini proc . of the acm sigmod workshop on research issues in data  
version 3.99 . 03 ttr manual tallinn technical university  
historical vegetation change in the owens river riparian woodland ts brothers   
merging with integrity constraints s konieczny rp perez lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
beitrag zur kinetic thermischer zersetzungseaktionen ( thermoanalytische auswertung der zersetzung n eisenreich technical university of munich  
origins and distribution of plants domesticated in the new world tropics b pickersgill cb heiser jr see ref  
packet classification on multiple fidels g pankaj n mckeown proceedings of sigcomm  
a fortran extension for engmeering/scientific computation with access to acrith mfsc metzger demonstration of the compiler and sample programs . in  
oracle layza 's tales from fujitsu habitat t tsuchiya unpublished manuscript  
sundar das application of an analytical model to evaluate storage structures tj de k teorey proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
new persistent memory technologies and relational databases wp cockshott aj cowie gw russell d mcgregor submitted to vldb journal . this article is also available as & hellip ;  
active x and ole d chappell  1996.0 
the nd-tree : a dynamic indexing technique for multidimensional non-ordered discrete data spaces g qian q zhu q xue s pramanik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
logical and physical versioning in main memory databases p bohannon d leinbaugh r rastogi s seshadri a proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
melting layer observations during maypole wr moninger vn bringi tr detman jr jordan ta & hellip ; on radar meteorology zurich switzerland amer . meteor . soc  
teach for america 1991 summer institute evaluation report mp grady p collins el grady unpublished manuscript  
negotiating between competing interests in planning continuing medical education rg maclean new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
computational complexity of itemset frequency satisfiability t calders   
discovery of multiple-level association rules from large databases in proc . 1995 vldb j han y fu zurich switzerland sept  
relational confidence bounds are easy with the bootstrap a pol c jermaine proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
fourteen notes on equal-processing-time scheduling p baptiste p brucker s knust vg timkovsky submitted for publication 2002.0 
molecular objects adts and data models : a framework d batory a buchmann proceedings of the conference on very large databases ( & hellip ;  
approximation capability of tp model forms d tikk p baranyi rj patton j tar & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems ( & hellip ; 2004.0 
parallel-program transformation using a metalanguage ja yang y choo acm sigplan notices 1991.0 
composite objects revised w kim e bertino j garza proc . acm sigmod conf . management data portland or june  
circular statistics in biology : academic press e batschelet new york  
trabecular remodeling processes in the ovariectomized rat : modified node-strut analysis - t abe k sato n miyakoshi t kudo y tamura t bone-new york - 1999.0 
graphical representation and feedback in a pbd system f modugno ba myers & hellip ; what i do : programming by demonstration table of contents 1993.0 
an analysis of prices bid/ask spreads and bid and ask depths surrounding ivan boesky 's illegal s chakravarty jj mcconnell   
results of a cultural resources inventory of the swift reservoir skamania county washington . draft ln goetz inc. seattle washington  
statistics on views f waas c galindo-legaria mc wu m joshi proceedings of the 29th international conference on very & hellip ;  
publicaciã ³ n cientãfica y tã © cnica no. 587 a chile isbn  
the fl language manual j backus jh williams el wimmers ibm almaden research center san jose ca tech . rep. rj - & hellip ;  
loran augmented dgps/eurofix preliminary demonstration w roland proceedings of the 23rd annual technical symposium wga  
magtc sets and other strange ways to implement logtc programs f bancjlhon ys d maier jd ullman proc 5th acm sigact-sigmod symp on prmcrples of database  
walking through a very large virtual environment in real-time l shou j chionh z huang y ruan kl tan proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
roles transformation within a software engineering master by immersion v ribaud p saliou   
industrial organization : contemporary theory and practice i south-western college publishing l pepall g norman d richards  2001.0 
master/slave speculative parallelization and approximate code cb zilles  2002.0 
user interface evaluation in the real world : a comparison of four techniques r jeries jr miller c wharton km uyeda proceedings of acm  
model-driven data acquisition in sensor networks a deshpande c guestrin s madden jm hellerstein proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
topological synthesis of mobile wireless networks for managing ad hoc wireless networks i rubin p vincent & hellip ; of ifip/ieee international conference on management of & hellip ;  
reinforcement learning with self-modifying policies j schmidhuber j zhao n schraudolph   
semantic approach to service discovery in a grid environment sa ludwig sms reyhani journal of web  
decomposition -- a strategy for query processing e wong k youssefi acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
a two-degree-of-freedom ambulance stretcher suspension part 1 : system overview jk raine rj henderson proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1998.0 
a model for web services discovery with qos s ran   
the call of presdf defines the prescribed degrees of freedom c presdf   
adolescents ` academic expectations and achievement ce sanders tm field ma diego adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
source machine learning archive d aha s mahadevan re schapire j shavlik r machine learning 2001.0 
robust identification by dynamic neural networks using sliding mode learning as poznyak w yu en sanchez h sira-ramirez applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
grand conversations : literature groups in action . r peterson m eeds  1990.0 
will mpeg-4 fly ? y ozer pc  
approximating feedback vertex set for undirected graphs within ratio 2 v bafna p berman t fujito unpublished manuscript  
tele-task-teleteaching anywhere solution kit m ch v schillings proceedings of acm siguccs  
points-to analysis by type inference of programs with structures and unions b steensgaard lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
hypothesized interdependence assumed independence wh glick kh roberts the academy of management review 1984.0 
real-time behaviour of asynchronous agents y wang proceedings of concur  
on the impact of delay on real-time multiplayer games n sheldon e girard s borg m claypool e agu proceedings of acm netgames  
filament organization and dense bodies in vertebrate smooth muscle av somlyo ft ashton lf lemanski j vallieres ap see ref  
a technique for translating states between database schemata t imieliå?ski proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
automatic music video generation based on temporal pattern analysis xs hua l lu hj zhang   
database performance in the real world - tpc-d and sap r/3 ( experience paper ) j doppelhammer t hoeppler a kemper d kossmann sigmod conference  
n. tishby testing for non linearity and gaussianity in sustained portion of musical signals s dubnov proceedings of the joumees dâ ?? hrformatique musicale caen  
towards a unified theory of modulation part i : phase-envelope relationships hb voelcker proc . ieee  
distance browsing in spatial databases h samet g hjaltason acm tods  
fuel assemblies for investigating accident regimes on large-scale stands for vvã?r -1000 ã?a boltenko vs grigoryan nn kirinâ ? ¦ at .  
adaptive clutter suppression for airborne phased array radars r klemm iee proceedings 1983.0 
gain : benefits costs and three-year impacts of a welfare-to-work program . d friedlander j riccio s freedman new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
0 . e. and heine v. 1965 a animalu phil . mag  
semantic orthogonality of type disciplines jg riecke unpublished manuscript available from http://www . cs . bell - & hellip ; 1997.0 
second sound and the thermo-mechanical effect at very low temperatures jc ward j wilks phil . mag  
advanced quasi-optical mode converter for a step-tunable 118-162 ghz 1 mw gyrotron m thumm g michel a mobius d wagner proc . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter  
the semantic web workshop at the 11th international www conference ( www-2002 ) m frank n noy w staab sigmod record  
snakes and sandwiches : optimal clustering strategies or a warehouse hv jagadish lv lakshmanan d srivastava proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod conference philadelphia  
complex systems models for strategic decision making mh lyons i adjali d collings ko jensen bt technology journal 2003.0 
the digital divide : a global and national call to action r cullen electronic library 2003.0 
introduction to direetx 8.0 p taylor microsoft corporation  
the netherlands . a. vollhardt entwurf und bau einer frontend-steuerung fã 1/4 r das cip-upgrade projekt p semiconductors diploma thesis ( 2001 ) university of zurich switzerland  
aggressive ; recruiters are desperate for the it pros who are working not looking d shand computerworld  
designing instruction for learning in electronic classrooms gr morrison pf guenther new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
long journey in place : refugee women and social transformations in exile j bascom american association of geographersâ ?? annual conference & hellip ;  
hypercomplex numbers : an elementary introduction to algebras il kantor as solodovnikov  1989.0 
an immunologic basis for the fibrotic reaction to implanted microcapsules p soon-shiong m otterlie g skjak-braek o transplant proc 1991.0 
ripping coins for a fair exchange m jakobsson lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
issues in international public data networking gr grossman aj hinchley ca sunshine computer networks  
a regional accreditation perspective on contingent faculty appointments se elman new directions for higher education 2003.0 
information technology and the remaking of the university library . new directions for higher bp lynchâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1995.0 
an x-ray topographic study of planar growth dffeets in a natural diamond [ j ] b lawn y kamiya ar lang phil mag  
strain accumulation and surface deformation along the san andreas california vc li  1986.0 
streaming raidtm-a disk array management system for stored video f tobagi j pang r baird m gang proceedings of acm multimedia  
bcpl : a tool for compiler writing and system programming m richards proc . afips  
how aristotle discovered dna m delbrã 1/4 ck aip conference proceedings 1976.0 
the e ect of np definiteness on parsing attachment ambiguity j sedivy mj spivey-knowlton proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the north east & hellip ;  
a survey of some theoretical aspects of multiprocessing jl baer acm computing surveys ( csur ) 1973.0 
b. bouguettaya a. ngu a. hh and elmagramid ak â ?? business-to-business interactions : issues and bb medjahed vldb  
concurrency control performance modeling : alternatives and implications r agrawal mj carey m livny acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
primitive passions : visuality sexuality ethnography and contemporary chinese cinema r chow  1995.0 
long-term stress management . jl noel new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
real-time databases s son acm sigmod record  
principles for modeling language design rf paige js ostroff pj brooke   
mediating the knowledge of end-users and technologists : a problem in the deployment of scheduling a cesta g cortellessa f pecora r rasconi   
diel and seasonal occurrence of inmature fishes in a louisiana tidal pass . 161-170 p ds sabins fm truesdale proc . 28th ann . se assoc. game and fish . comm. white sulfur & hellip ;  
stereotype threat and the intellectual test performance of african americans cm steele j aronson journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
improving data access of j2ee applications by exploiting asynchronous messaging and caching services s kounev ap buchmann vldb 2002.0 
translations from the philosophical writings of gottlob frege p geach m black new york  
fabrication and testing of micron-sized cold-gas thrusters aiaa prog . astronaut r bayt k breuer  2000.0 
on traceability and 2-factors in claw-free graphs d froncek z ryjacek   
energy-conserving feedback edf scheduling for embedded systems with real-time constraints a dudani f mueller y zhu   
model reduction of continuous-time systems using a modified routh approximation method cs hsieh c hwang & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1989.0 
special issue on management of semistructured data d suciu sigmod record  
an ontological analysis of use case modeling grammar g irwin d turk journal of the association for information systems 2005.0 
native xml support in db2 universal database m nicola b van der linden ca san jose proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
on certain curious motions observable at the surfaces of wine and other alcoholic liquors j thomson phil . mag  
relational data rights protection through watermarking r sion m atallah s prabhakar ieee trans . knowledge and data eng  
supra note 19 at art. 12 ( 5 ) a charter   
bimatrix equilibrium points and mathematical programming ce lemke management science 1965.0 
r-trees : a dynti index structure for sparial searching a guttman proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data boston & hellip ;  
3d technology : ready for the pc ? n leavitt   
mpeg-7 and multimedia database systems h kosch sigmod record 2002.0 
manifold-ranking based image retrieval j he m li hj zhang h tong c zhang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
transmission patterns of natural and recombinant baculoviruses rs hails p hernandez-crespo sm sait ca donnelly ecology-new  
tandem oxidation processes using manganese dioxide : discovery applications and current studies rjk taylor m reid j foot sa raw acc . chem . res 2005.0 
the representation theory of the symmetric groups gd james  1978.0 
contracting for high school and beyond pa sebring cd carroll new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 
the erythrocyte sedimentation rate js olshaker da jerrard journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
operadic hochschild chain complex and free loop spaces arxiv preprin t math d chataur jc thomas   
balkan ( endemic ) nephropathy and a toxin-producing strain of â ?? penicillium verrucosumâ ?? var â ?? jm barnes pkc austwick rl carter fv flynn gc lancet i 1977.0 
applications to large data sets in the geosciences b map electronic  
scaling up first things first : site selection and the planning year jc quint   
: fire judgment system using the time series of smoke density in early stage s tsuruoka t arakawa x chen m ishida proc . of the 29th iscie international symposium on & hellip ;  
information integration : the momis project demonstration . supporting multiple inheritance d beneventano s bergamaschi s castano a corni proc . int . conf . on very large data bases  
a template-based data generator for xml d barbosa a mendelzon j keenleyside ktx lyons proceedings of the fifth international workshop on the web & hellip ;  
promotion of electronic commerce by a regional centre cc charlton s grant ph leng ie neilson electronic markets 1998.0 
back to processes pgw keen computerworld  
geâ ?? s quality gamble k melymuka computerworld  
effects of pregnancy on the extrinsic innervation of the guinea pig uterus . a histochemical p alm lm lundberg j wharton jm polak the histochemical journal 1988.0 
antifungal therapies for allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis in people with cystic fibrosis h elphick k southern cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
laptops in psychology : conducting flexible in-class research and writing laboratories br stephens new directions for teaching and learning 2005.0 
watermarking maps : hiding information in structured data s khanna f zane proc annu acm siam symp discrete algorithms 2000.0 
mirror neuron system for grasping : a computational model e oztop g rizzolatti ma arbib submitted for publication  
contextualizing the information space in federated digital libraries m papazoglou j hoppenbrouwers sigmod record 1999.0 
is fast : five optimizations in the design of an experimental database system for cad/cam m hardwick r why proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference  
a real time programmable data compression system for video data ( real time programmable video data rl kutz ld davisson & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1971.0 
recent bt patents cr carrington bt technology journal 2001.0 
partner selection in emerging and developed market contexts : resource-based and organizational ma hitt mt dacin e levitas jl arregle a borza   
surface compression with geometric bandelets g peyre s mallat ep cmap proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
an introduction to spatial database system r gunting proceedings for the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
the specification of program ow in madcap vi j morris m wells proc . acm natl. conf  
field and large scale model tests of wave impact pressure propagation into cracks g wolters g mã 1/4 ller g bullock c obhrai h   
6.0 programmer 's guide v basic microsoft corporation  
optical pattern recognition system i biosonics data acquisition program manual . seattle washington  
future technologies pe holmes ig dufour p muschamp bt technology journal 2004.0 
garcia-luna-aceves jj ( 1996 ) the case for reliable concurrent multicasting using shared ack trees bn levine d lavo proc . acm  
fingerprint id system quick to solve criminal cases . r batt computerworld. 1984.0 
fractal and perceptual images in info-ergonomics : in 1-stifac workshop on control applications and ga moskvin athens greece june  
an inventory model with commitments r anupindi r akella submitted for publication  
the politics of congressional elections gc jacobson  1997.0 
dynamics of diversity in the teaching-learning process : a faculty development model for analysis and ls marchesani m adams new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
the tacit dimension of knowledge organizations js dietz unpublished manuscript  
an application level video gateway e amir s mccanne h zhang   
solving the travelling tournament problem : a combined integer programming and constraint programming k easton g nemhauser m trick lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
classification in information storage and retrieval o taulbee jt welch jr  1966.0 
review of '' web services by g. alonso f. casati h. kuno and v. machiraju '' springer-verlag 2004 d wodtke acm sigmod record 2004.0 
mining generalized association rules r agrawal r srikant proceedings of the 1995 international conference of very & hellip ;  
3d motion estimation and texturing of human head model j mihalik   
internet sound and video j ozer pc magazine  
dynamic voting algorithmsformaintainingthe consistencyof a replicated database s jajodia d mutchler acm transactions on database systems  
reai-time index concurrency control jr haritsa sigmod record 1996.0 
larson and hz yang . computing queries from derived relations p ã ? proceedings of the 11th vldb  
general-purpose models : expectations about the unexpected sw zucker a rosenfeld ls davis acm sigart bulletin 1975.0 
type inference in the presence of overloading subtyping and recursive types acm lisp and s kaes acm press new  
a high-level interactive language for numerical computations jw eaton gnuo manual   
the motor cortex of the cat . . af borge  1950.0 
ande . rotenberg.â ?? a large fast instruction window for tolerating cache misses.â ?? a lebeck j koppanalil t li j patwardhan proc . 29th annual international symposium on computer  
laws governing interactions between railroad roadbeds and permafrost na peretrukhin tv potaueva proceedings of 4th international conference on permafrost 1983.0 
a minimum principle of pontryagin in optimal discrete-time systems with terminal constrains and free t matsumoto procs . of japan-usa symposium on flexible automation  
city of san diego land guidance system . design guidelines/final public review draft c associates  1992.0 
anaphylaxis caused by polymixin b sulfate and zinc bacitracin ointment ka fox journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
encephalopathy associated with dengue infection hw sumarmo lancet i 1978.0 
many body physics ( plenum ny 1990 ) gd mahan   
gender differences in psychological well-being of mexican early adolescents c benjet l hernandez-guzman adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
metadata in video databases r jam a hampapur sigmod record ( acm spectal interest group on management of & hellip ;  
online dynamic reordering for interactive data processing v raman b raman jm hellerstein vldb 1999.0 
a practical approach for modeling the quality of multimedia data ks na dk baik pk kim proceedings of the ninth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2001.0 
k-svcr . a multi-class support vector machine c angulo a catala lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
s-plus for windows user 's manual version 3.3 m soft math soft seattle washington usa  
relationship between depression and thyroid function in rural kenya jj haggerty m marquardt g mason c newman aj proc viii world congr psychiatry athens greece  
xml-lã ¶ sungen programmieren ; die wichtigsten xml-technologien undâ ?? spezifikationen praxisnah j sturm microsoft  
database hosting in strongly-typed programming languages m bever pc lockemann acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
total cross section for p + pâ ?? p + p + ï ? close to threshold ho meyer aip conference proceedings 1991.0 
mathematical control theory : deterministic finite dimensional systems ed sontag  1998.0 
5 lannet ii . 5 and comnet ii . 5 wj garrison ii network proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter  
water mass properties and fluxes in the rockall trough 1975â ?? 1998 np holliday rt pollard jf read h leach   
a logic-programming/object-oriented cocktail a ct sigmod record 1986.0 
algorithms for resuming interrupted warehouse loads wj labio jl wiener h garcia-molina v gorelik technical report stanford university  
resilience-recovery factors in post-traumatic stress disorder among female and male vietnam veterans la king dw king ja fairbank tm keane ga adams journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
mycophenolic acid and brequinar inhibitors of purine and pyrimidine synthesis block the ac allison wj kowalski cj muller rv watersâ ? ¦   
the multiple dimensions of sustainable development . m redclift geography 1991.0 
scanning technology automates dificult airway registry gl gibby mld jp & hellip ; for technology in anesthesia scientific demonstration ( & hellip ;  
a new multi-search engine for querying data through an internet search service on corba . ys chang sm yuan w lo computer networks 2000.0 
declare and sds : early efforts to commercialize deductive database technology w kleã?ling h schmidt w strauã ? g dã 1/4 nzinger the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
designing a generalized nf 2 model with an sql-type interface p pistor f andersen proc .  
advances in heterocyclic chemistry ba trofimov  1990.0 
april 1 1999 creel surveyor oregon state department of fish & wildlife telephone conversation n duncan ecology & environment inc. seattle  
endoscopic submucosal dissection for early gastric cancer using flex knife y naohisa & hellip ; international endoscopy conference with live demonstration & hellip ;  
p. and rama mri tham k. 1994 . synthesis of extended transaction models using acta n chrysa acm transactions on database  
mapping the genesis of helical structure in polymers of the haloaldehydes o vogl gd jaycox c kratky wj simonsick k acc . chem . res  
a new fast and accurate kinetic code for the study of the low frequency dynamics in a magnetised c marchetto f califano m lontano proc . 29th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;  
coordinated travel : ( t + 1 ) - round byzantine agreement in polynomial time y moses o waarts proc . 29th annual ieee symposium on foundations of computer & hellip ;  
tjã $ nsteutveckling med inbyggd kvalitet b edvardsson hã ¶ gskolan i  
tertiary storage : current status and future trends s prabhakar d agrawal a el abbadi a singh  1996.0 
bats : the blind audio tactile mapping system p parente g bishop   
on the varietiesof languages associatedwith some varieties of finite monoids with commuting cj ash te hall je pin   
using z to specify object-oriented software complexity measures tk shih cc wang cm chung information and software technology  
training evaluators of social experiments and social programs jh lewis new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
analysis of the muon/electron ratio in eas jh weber t antoni wd apel f badea k bekk k proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf. salt lake city 1999.0 
multiobjective evolutionary algorithms applied to two problems in the telecommunications dk joshua jo martin wc david bt technology journal  
improving semantic specification in the database relational model e sciore proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
understanding the social process of rural-urban migration in bangladesh r kuhn unpublished manuscript  
spatial reuse in multihop packet radio networks l kleinrock j silvester ieee proceedings 1987.0 
complex systems and cognitive structures j jost monograph to  
tardive dyskinesia outcomes : clinical and pharmacologic correlates of remission and persistence r cavallaro mg regazzetti e mundo v brancato neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
personnel policies in united states based japanese hotels cy chen  1993.0 
programming visualization : graphical support for software development g brown rt carling cf herot d kramlich p souza ieee computer  
the dangers of replication and a solution j gray p helland sigmod conference 1996.0 
behavior of concrete beams reinforced with 3-d fiber reinforced plastic grids m ozel  2002.0 
methodology integration : evolution of information engineering kw short information and software technology 1991.0 
rock work g haugen  1978.0 
daepack : a combined symbolic and numeric library for general numerical calculations je tolsma pi barton technical report daepack web page massachusetts institute of  
offline and data stream algorithms for efficient computation of synopsis structures s guha k shim proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
the productivity payoff : the 100 most effective users of information technology p gillin computerworld  
irrational reactions to negative outcomes : evidence for two conceptual systems s epstein a lipson c holstein e huh journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
an update of the temporal database bibliography n kline acm sigmod 1993.0 
nonlinear functional analysis and its applications e zeidler  1986.0 
isbn 0 ww wiley   
statistical mechanics of chain molecules pj flory   
frustrated networking pros say efforts not appreciated b wallace computerworld  
vernetztes lernen mit digitalen medien s uellner v wulf proceedings der ersten tagung '' computergestã 1/4 tztes  
constraints for query optimization in deductive databases j harland k ramamohanarao   
word use in legal texts : statistical facts & practical applicability k noordwijk r mulder procs of jurix  
damping modelling and identification using generalized proportional damping s adhikari   
pippali ( piper longum ) s seth & hellip ; for health and beauty . bombay india book house publishers  
venture leader for mobility and wireless systems p smyth bt technology journal 2003.0 
fromnested-loop to join queries inoodb h steenhaben p apers h blanken r de by proc . int . conf . on very largedata bases ( vldb )  
creating a community of learners : constructing opportunities for learning and negotiating meaning in a floriani  1997.0 
protection and resource control in distributed operating systems sj mullender as tanenbaum computer networks 1984.0 
static cerebral autoregulation testing in healthy children during < 1 mac sevoflurane anesthesia ms vavilalaâ ? ¦  2002.0 
a kernel for temporally correct reactive systems m ackerman msc thesis computer science department university of  
transport and transformation of air pollutants from europe to east mediterranean region ( t-trapem ) g kallos v kotroni k lagouvardos m varinou m final report athens greece  
â ?? a cry for privacy d radcliff computerworld  
use of electromagnetic flowmeters for the study of splanchnic blood flow ga charbon f van der mark see ref  
lt jr. fully parallel generic branch-and-cut framework trm eso l ladanyi procs . of the 8th siam conf . on parallel proc . for & hellip ;  
pacific coast clam fisheries td schink ka mcgraw kk chew  1983.0 
the dynamics of the ceo-board relationship : an evolutionary perspective w shen academy of management review 2003.0 
central puget sound freeway network usage and performance 1999 update volume 1 jm ishimaru j nee me hallenbeck  2000.0 
the reach active oodbms 1995 ap buchmann a deutsch j zimmermann technical university  
comprehension by computer : analysis of sentences in context . yale university dept. of computer c riesbeck r schank  1976.0 
domains relations and religious wars s rcamp i ls sigmod record 1996.0 
hegemony popular culture and geopolitics : the reader 's digest and the construction of danger jp sharp political geography  
kathy alcock p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
a scalable algorithm for answering queries using views proc . of the int r pottinger ay levy conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )  
characterization of gtpase-activating proteins for the function of the rho-family small gtpases in k nakano t mutoh i mabuchi genes to cells 2001.0 
an o ( n log n ) algorithm for rectilinear minimal spanning trees fk hwang journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1979.0 
research in database engineering at the university of namur jl hainaut sigmod record 2003.0 
measuring the emissions of passing cars dh stedman acc . chem . res  
human chromosomes : structure behavior effects e therman  1986.0 
indexing and matching of polyphonic songs for query-by-singing system tw leung cw ngo proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
dekeyser and seitz b amelinckx phil . mag  
soft computing for intelligent knowledge-based systems jf baldwin t martin b azvine bt technology journal 1998.0 
final report on the saturation work initiative model in san diego g hamilton d friedlander  1989.0 
a 1961â ?? 90 baseline climatology and future climate change scenarios for great britain and europe e barrow m hulme t jiang part i  
the ethics of student-faculty friendships rl bakerâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
decoding applied data in professional schools bm rubin s krishnan new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
security issues in online games jj yan electronic library 2002.0 
fully constrained least squares-based linear unmixing d heinz ci chang mlg althouse proc . igarss  
the statistical analysis of compositional data : chapman and hall j aitchison new york  
draftâ ?? bellevue smart traveler phase 2 m haselkorn e jacobson  1994.0 
does the statutory overtime premium discourage long workweeks ? sj trejo   
developing and testing program classification and function theories kj conrad jr buelow new directions for program evaluation  
intelligent gp fusion from multiple sources for text classification b zhang y chen w fan ea fox m gonã § alves m proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
to appear in eighth international workshop on topics in astroparticle and underground physics g angloher university of washington seattle washington september  
electronic brainstorming and group size rb gallupe ar dennis wh cooper js valacich lm the academy of management journal 1992.0 
managing the environment for older students . le gelwicks r weinstock new directions for higher education 1980.0 
galileo nims near-infrared observations of jupiter 's ring system s mcmuldroch sh pilorz ge danielsonâ ? ¦ icarus-new york - 2000.0 
fuzzy logic in the flakey robot eh ruspini procs . of the int . conf . on fuzzy logic and neural networks  
network processors : a progress report n heintze proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
an interferometric technique for measuring binary diffusion coefficients . ak grob  1967.0 
data selection for support vector machine classification g fung ol mangasarian proceedings kdd-2000 : knowledge discovery and data mining & hellip ;  
jeffrey . f. naughton . \ \ a stochastic approach for clustering in object bases mm tsangaris proc . of sigmod conference on management of  
senior executives ' use of information technology ggm pijpers t bemelmans fj heemstra information & software technology 2001.0 
shape understanding : knowledge generation and learning z les ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
difficult airway management in the emergency department sl orebaugh journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
more on tractable disjunctive datalog r ben-eliyahu-zohary l palopoli v zemlyanker journal of logic programming  
structure based on current-mode cmos technology m ae-barr mn hasen m new proc . 26th int . symp . multiple-valued logic  
let 's search for songs by humming n kosugi y nishihara s kon ` ya m yamamuro k proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 1999.0 
acm portal google inc. a gupta o shmueli j widom proceedings of the 24rd international conference on very & hellip ; 1998.0 
garcia-luna-aceves jj . collision avoidance and resolution multiple access with transmission groups r garces proc acm  
gallocyanin chrome alum w sandritter g kiefer w rick introduction  
automatic recording apparatus for use in the chromatography of amino acids . s moore dh spackman wh stein fed proc 1958.0 
control theory in strategic human resource management : the mediating effect of administrative sa snell the academy of management journal 1992.0 
procedure in taking stream bottom samples with the stream square foot bottom sampler ew surber proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of south east game & hellip ;  
query processing over object views of relational data g fahl t risch the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
server 4.0 â ?? resource kit nt windows  1998.0 
microsoft iis com + and asp j jam pc magazine may  
five-level triage system more effective than three-level in tertiary emergency department da travers ae waller jm bowling d flowers j journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
the dancing genome project : generation of a human-computer choreography using a genetic algorithm fj lapointe m ã?poque proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
the trigs active object-oriented database system-an overview . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
fish microsporidia rw shaw ml kent see ref  
al. '' the i-iipac project : combining active databases and timing constraints u dayal acm sigmod  
xl : a platform for web services d florescu d kossmann   
genetic and environmental architecture of human aggression dr miles g carey journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
a multidimensional approach to characterise a conceptual state in students : the role played by l viennot proceedings of the second ph. d. summer school aristotle & hellip ;  
medical-care expenditure : a cross-national survey jp newhouse the journal of human resources 1977.0 
exploiting captions for access to multimedia databases n rowe e guglielmo ieee computer  
learning community models f gabelnick j macgregor r matthews b smith new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
design of experiments using the taguchi approach : 16 steps to product and process improvement by r roy   
an image encryption scheme based on quadtree compression scheme hk chang jl liou proc . int . comput . symp. taiwan  
poverty concentration measures and the urban underclass . r greene economic geography 1991.0 
building the applications portfolio : a process analysis c soh s ang bs neo proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
the postural comfort zone for reaching gestures m kã ¶ lsch a beall m turk   
reversal of orphenadrine-induced ventricular tachycardia with physostigmine . lk danze mi langdorf journal of emergency medicine 1991.0 
software enhancements for a diverse family unit . curriculum concerns . ja morin social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
data extraction and transformation for the data warehouse c squire proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
parallel algorithms for high-dimensional proximity joins jc shafer r agrawal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
isolation physiological characteristics natural relationships and 16s rrna-targeted in situ m fukui a teske b assmus g muyzer f widdel submitted for  
comparison of artificial neural network and regression models for estimating software development a heiat information & software technology 2002.0 
ridl * : a tool for the computer-assisted engineering of large databases in the presence of integrity o de troyer proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1989.0 
case studies in learning to teach n bennett r turner-bisset learning to teach  
spatial nonlinearity oferg by multi-input stimuli . international society for clinical yy usuis y ooe the 33rd symposium athens greece june  
managing uncertainty in moving objects databases o wolfson acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
wal-mart asks for a return m wagner   
a pragmatic approach to database design sh spewak vldb 1980.0 
s-plus 2000 professional edition for windows release 1 i mathsoft  1999.0 
how we use sensory information to keep oriented as we locomote s chance  2000.0 
a tool for supporting transformation and data & metadata lineage in a warehousing environment as de santana amc moura   
nonparametric statistics for the behavior sciences s siegel nj castellan new york  
application servers and associated technologies c mohan   
essays on the repeat use of unemployment insurance s schwartz a aydemir   
halogen bonding based recognition processes : a world parallel to hydrogen bonding p metrangolo h neukirch t pilati g resnati acc . chem . res 2005.0 
restructuring to sustain excellence rs myers new directions for higher education 1996.0 
uk core transmission network for the new millennium i hawker g hill i taylor bt technology journal 2000.0 
the five most important entry-level employability skills that employers of the chippewa valley seek sr thompson  2001.0 
structures for manipulating proposed updates in object-oriented databases m doherty r hull m rupawalla sigmod conference 1996.0 
evaluation of a mobile coronary care unit protocol in patients with acute onset chest pain . g bertini c rostagno t taddei s lazzerini a journal of emergency medicine 1991.0 
structure petrology and geochronology of mesozoic paleoceanic basement terranes on cedros island dl kimbrough university of california santa barbara  
differential equations over polynomially bounded o-minimal structures jm lion c miller p speissegger proceedings-american mathematical  
beneficial effect of d-ribose in patient with myoadenylate deaminase deficiency bm patten lancet i 1982.0 
reliable communication over unreliable channels . networks y afek h attiya a fekete m fischer n lynch y proc . of the 28th ieee annual symp . on foundation of & hellip ;  
discrete cosine transform : algorithms advantages applications kr rao p yip   
hill : weaving relations for cache performance a ailamaki dj dewitt d mark submitted for publication february  
digital livingâ ?? people-centred innovation and strategy b anderson c gale ap gower ef france mlr jones bt technology journal 2002.0 
an outbreak of carbon monoxide poisoning after a major ice storm in maine1 wr daley a smith e paz-argandona j malilay m journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
implementing entrepreneurial ideas : the case for intention b bird the academy of management review 1988.0 
low order h controller synthesis pmm bongers oh bosgra proc . 29th ieee conf . dec. and contr. honolulu  
using vacations to increase the global awareness of students . dm bagley social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
factors of influence on the life cycle of spark gap based lightning current arresters r brocke p hasse p zahlmann proc . of the 26th int . conf . on lightning protection  
assessment of the phyto-and zooplankton investigations during the comsblack 1993 and the joint tu - u niermann a kä ± deyå ? middle east technical  
data file management in shift-register memories we kluge acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
hard-won lessons in program evaluation s michael  1993.0 
on classes of nonstationary parametric processes ja sills ew kamen proc . 29th conf . inf . sci . syst . johns hopkins univ  
fear anger and risk js lerner d keltner journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
status of worldwide opioid availability de joranson university of  
fault-tolerant distributed theorem proving j hickey lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
tourism for tomorrow : singapore looks to the future wf hornby em fyfe geography  
south dob index ( 1990 's from acpl e-resources ) '' c csra   
software engineering for parallel systems i jelly i gorton  1994.0 
digital light processing and mems : timely convergence for a bright future lj hornbeck proc . spie  
developing culture curriculum for native american children : the rough rock experience . g johnson  1981.0 
revised stable models-a new semantics for logic programs lm pereira am pinto   
shape gradients for histogram segmentation using active contours s jehan-besson m barlaud g aubert   
the empirical study of knowledge elicitation techniques n shadbolt am burton   
kit de ressources techniques windows 2000 professionnel l de rã?fã?rence  2001.0 
random walks and diffusion on fractals mt barlow proc . int . congress math . kyoto  
sã $ rtryck ur tidningen materialteknik nr 2-5 1991 vallentuna : team cath media a sheffield  1991.0 
fibrinogen depleting agents for acute ischaemic stroke ( cochrane review ) m liu c counsell xl zhao j wardlaw cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
r * optimizer validation and performance evaluation for distributed queries lf mackert vldb 1986.0 
wearable computing and the remembrance agent ib crabtree b rhodes bt technology journal 1998.0 
detection dans un guide dâ ?? onde par decomposition de lâ ?? operateur retournement temporel c prada t folegot n mordant m fink proceedings des 5iemes journees dâ ?? acoustique sous marine  
incremental maintenance for materialized views over semistructured data s abiteboul j mchugh m rys v vassalos jl vldb 1998.0 
wiley 1998 s processing   
at home in the universe s kauffman   
compiling complex database transition triggers d cohen   
the validation of a two-dimensional transient catalyst model for direct injection two-stroke g mccullough r douglas g cunningham l foley proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
fingerprint please a poor pc magazine . july  
a logic for object-oriented programming ( maierâ ?? s o-logic : revisited ) m kifer j wu proc . acm sigact-sigmod symp . on principles of database & hellip ;  
enhancing the lecture : revitalizing a traditional format cc bonwell new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
does fuel hedging make economic sense ? the case of the us airline industry da carter da rogers bj simkins  2003.0 
linear hashing for distributed files w litwin ma neimat d schneider acm-sigmod international conference on management of data  
guest editorial h simon public administration review 1995.0 
caregiver support for postpartum depression kl ray ed hodnett cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
complex objects and thetr use m design transacuons r lone w plouffe proc database week sigmod may  
fda us dhew rockville aac recommenda-tions md  
making inconsistency respectable : part 2 - meta-level handling of inconsistency d gabbay a hunter lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
reluctance of paramedics and emergency medical technicians to perform mouth-to-mouth resuscitation p hew b brenner j kaufman journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
application a dehon d utilization proc . acm international symposium on fpgas  
brief announcement : cataclysm : handling extreme overloads in internet services b urgaonkar p shenoy   
the convergence of orgamzational and end-user computing er mclean la kappelman proceedings of the 23rd annual hawalz internatzonal & hellip ;  
computerized stock trading subject of sec caveat . j connolly computerworld. 1984.0 
conflict management in higher education : a review of current approaches wc warters new directions for higher education 1995.0 
guest editorsâ ?? introduction : special section on peer-to-peer-based data management ef bertino ac squicciarini ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
index maintenance for object-oriented databases using semantic information . submitted to the 1995 d hwang b liskov mit laboratory for computer  
up the creek without a paddle ? britainâ ?? s boat people ten years on v robinson geography  
rule languages and internal algebras for rule-based optimizers m chemiack s zdonik proc . of the acm slgmod int . co @ on management of data  
causality in economics s leroy   
relating exemplary teaching to student learning ta angelo new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
programming active server pages s hillier d mezick  1997.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?an overview of data warehousing and olap technologies ã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc s chaudhuri u dayal acm sigmod  
improving project management through benchmarking . k emhjellen proc. 29th annual project management institute seminars and & hellip ;  
multi-stage negotiation support : a conceptual framework c featherstone sp jackson jlh lim information and software technology 1999.0 
operating in a new environment v puglia c petzold md stone j dunte-mann p pc magazine ( feb. )  
m '' algorithms for acychc database schemes '' y yannakakls proc vldb  
testing for statistical discrimination : an application to health care disparities a balsa tg mcguire ls meredith unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
the case for explicit knowledge in documents l carr t miles-board a woukeu g wills w hall proceedings of acm symposium on document  
developing an ed training program : how to '' grow your own '' ed nurses ke zavotsky journal of emergency nursing 2000.0 
sealed storage of bag stacks : status of the technology pc annis aciar proceedings no. 25 . fumigation and controlled & hellip ;  
the arrangement of atoms in crystals wl bragg phil . mag  
the business culture of the community college : students as consumers ; students as commodities js levin new directions for higher education 2005.0 
calibration of microprocessor performance models b black jp shen ieee computer 1998.0 
theories and models for internet quality of service v firoiu jy le boudec d towsley zl zhang proceedings-ieee 2002.0 
positive illusions about the self : short-term benefits and long-term costs rw robins js beer journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
linear hashing : a new tool for le and table addressing . montreal canada 1980 w litwin proc . of  
disks on air s acharya m franklin s zdonik r alonso proc . acm sigmod  
musa . rt-music on the spiral array . real-time e chew arj franã § ois   
lvmsr : an efficient algorithm to multicast layered video w wen b mukherjee shg chan d ghosal computer networks 2003.0 
water quality effects assessment summary report k county & hellip ; county department of natural resources . seattle washington  
de crisis overwonnen-kwaliteit produktiviteit en concurrentiepositie we deming isbn  
computer music composition : the polyphonic pod system b truax ieee computer  
leesons from a â ?? living in a databaseâ ?? graphical user interface d fogg proc . acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
implementation of diagnosis related groups in portugal j urbano & hellip ; of international conference on management and financing of & hellip ;  
aa kozarâ ?? â ?? prospects for transmutation elimination of 237 np and 241 am during irradiation by as nikiforov ma zakharov at .  
imputation of missing values in dna microarrays t hastie o alter g sherlock m eisen r technical report . stanford : stanford  
nominalism and realism : universals and scientific realism vol . i dm armstrong vol . i cambridge  
foreword a iserles sp nã ¸ rsett   
technology transfer-a developing country perspective g plenert & hellip ; of the fourth international conference on management of & hellip ;  
the casefor enhanced abstract datatypes p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan proceedings of the 23th vldb  
exploring the design space for notification servers r devina d alan proceedings of acm  
supporting the evolution of workflow patterns for virtual communities h weigand electronic markets 2000.0 
of carbon nanotubesâ ?? govyadinov a fedfa arrays & hellip ; p. and routkevitch d. electrochemical society proceedings  
evolutionary computation : toward a new philosophy of machine intelligence d fogel   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?the ics-forth rdfsuite : managing voluminous rdf description bases s alexaki v christophides g karvounarakis d procs of 2nd int . workshop on the semantic web ( semwebã cents â ? ¬ & hellip ;  
session : acm multimedia art exhibition table of contents r rennã ³ r marchetti gd du rau proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
spatialhash-joins rcv loml proceedingsof acm sigmod conference montreal  
vaginal evisceration1 pc ferrera lg thibodeau journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
optimal partial-match retrieval when tields are independently specified av afro jd ullw acm trans . database syst . 4 2 ( june 1979 )  
tri/efc -4 . sionc f ` age sigmod record 1987.0 
the greek internet users in numbers p mandravelis newspaper ethnos athens greece january  
cordic based application specific processor for orthogonal transforms f argã 1/4 ello jd bruguera r doallo t lang el   
the role of aspect in licensing object drop in child dutch . e thrift n hyams bucld 25 proceedings  
iterative methods for unsymmetric linear systems ha van der vorst proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ; 1996.0 
recent publications w warntz g now geography 1966.0 
on a proposed floating-point standard w kahan j palmer acm signum newsletter 1979.0 
dynamics of planning : strategic approaches and higher education . fe balderston new directions for higher education 1981.0 
extremely scaled fully depleted soi cmos jg fossum vp trivedi k wu   
a and street ra 1975 nf mott e davis phil .  
effect of a bicycle safety program and free bicycle helmet distribution on the use of bicycle d watts no ` shea a ile e flynn a trask d journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
component and object technology pf dubois ieee computer  
80 ht kung philip l. lehman concurrent manipulation of binary search trees l kung acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
of xml and databases : whereâ ?? s the beef p discussion mj carey acm sigmod conference  
a proposal for a new block encryption standard '' advances in cryptology-eurocrypt '90 x lai jl massey proceedings  
community economic development through community colleges jw young new directions for higher education 1997.0 
protocol failure in the escrowed encryption standard . in the 2d acm conference on computer and m blaze  1994.0 
emergency department d-dimer testing at sadosty dg goyal et boie ck chiu journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
adept : an agent-based approach to business process management . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
web 100 : extended tcp instrumentation for research education and diagnosis m mathis j heffner r reddy   
linear approximation of planar spatial databases using transitive-closure logic f geerts b kuijpers   
dominance functions for parametric lagrangians s hildebrandt h von der mosel to  
paolini ( 1996 ) . information reuse in hypermedia applications m garzotto proceedings of acm  
a method for the solution of oscillations problems by matrices wj duncan ar collar phil .  
pixelflow : high-speed rendering using image composition s molnar j eyles   
relational algebraic framework for the modelling and analysis of petri nets ck young gk tag information and software technology 1995.0 
investigating information systems strategic alignment ye chan sl huff proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1993.0 
entering the presidency jb mclaughlin new directions for higher education 1996.0 
adoryphorus scarab in canterbury new zealand kg somerfield wp thomas proc . 29th nz weed and pest control conf  
real-time compositing system of a real camera and a computer graphic image k haseba a suzuki k fukui m hayashi proc . int &#39; l broadcasting  
child immunization in madhya pradesh r munshi sh lee   
the second solar spectrum a gandorfer vol i  
the causes of duration differences between english nouns and verbs s davis j morris mh kelly unpublished manuscript  
the adapt system : a generalized approach towards data conversion mj bach nf coguen mw kaplan very large data bases 1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ; 1979.0 
user requirements for oo case tools g post a kagan information & software technology 2001.0 
groundwater vistas i environmental simulations guide to using  
comparison of a mitochondrial gene and a corresponding nuclear pseudogene p arctander proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
u. & jacobson l. ( 2001 ) . reading strategies in children with cerebral visual impairment due to ke fellenius unpublished  
eps-2002-013-lis h van heck   
some properties of seaweed manures e booth proc int seaweed symp  
d. sha sha : database tuning : principles experiments and troubleshooting techniques p bonnet  2002.0 
beginning aymara ; a course for english speakers . p wexlerâ ? ¦  1967.0 
routing and peering in a competitive internet r johari jn tsitsiklis unpublished manuscript 2004.0 
c. lilley.â ?? network performance effects of http/1 .1 css1 and png â ?? hf nielsen j gettys a baird-smith e prudâ ?? proceedings of acm  
the influences of modeling : gaining competence and confidence to teach np gallavan lg putney d brantley social studies and the young learner 2002.0 
deriving requirements from process models via the problem frames approach k cox k phalp sj bleistein j verner information and software technology  
bromocriptine reverses the elevation in intracranial self-stimulation thresholds observed in a rat a markou gf koob neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1992.0 
next-generation content representation creation and searching for new-media applications in sf chang a eleftheriadis r mcclintock proceedings-ieee 1998.0 
advances in corrosion-deformation interactions t magnin   
countercurrent extraction of citrus aroma from aqueous and nonaqueous solutions using supercritical m budich  1999.0 
stars in a circle publications ep quality gt heydt  1991.0 
oxygene : an open framework for the deployment of geographic web services t badard a braun proc of the 21st int . cartographic conf. durban south & hellip ;  
multi-criteria decision making methods : a comparative study ( applied optimization volume 44 ) kluwer e triantaphyllou  2000.0 
lichtemissionsrauschen und dynamisches verhalten von gaalas-heterosctruktur-diodenlasern im h jackel dissertation eth zurich no. 6447 zurich switzerland  
principles of transaction processing pa bernstein   
who matters to ceos ? an investigation of stakeholder attributes and salience corporate performance br agle rk mitchell ja sonnenfeld the academy of management journal 1999.0 
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for pointsand rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . 1990 acm sigmod  
a stream database for network applications c cranor t johnson o spataschek vs gigascope proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference  
software sellers line up their sites c bermant pc  
parallel execution of hash joins in parallel databases hi hsiao ms chen ps yu   
advanced sar interferometry techniques with aer-ii l roessing j ender proc . int . radar  
locating landmarks on human body scan data jh nurre 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1997 . proceedings. & hellip ; 1997.0 
semirigidity problems invalued logic m miyakawa proc . 29th international symp . on multiple-valued  
adaptive classification of web documents to users interests g potamias   
spatial temporal and spatio-temporal databases-hot issues and directions for phd research j roddick sigmod record 2004.0 
a symmetric method for implicit time discretization of the stefan problem lt cheng r fedkiw f gibou m kang submitted for  
wch jr. aquanet : a hypertext tool to hold your knowledge in place cc marshall fg halasz ra rogers proc . acm  
the picture r am ayana b shrinivasrao  1916.0 
mining web logs for predictions models in wwe caching and prefetching q yang h zhang ity li proc . of acm sigkddâ ?? 2001  
is experts ' knowledge modular f gobet   
semiology of graphics : diagrams networks maps j bertin  1983.0 
attribution of responsibility to the self and other in children and adults fd fincham jm jaspars journal of personality and social psychology  
the dissection of selection in person perception : inhibitory processes in social stereotyping cn macrae gv bodenhausen ab milne journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
composites in civil engineeringâ ?? state of the art in europe . cj burgoyne struct . eng . int . ( iabse zurich switzerland )  
atlas of protein sequence and structure . national biomedical research foundation silver spring rv eck mo dayhoff md  
telephonic intelligibility g campbell phil . mag  
s. paraboschi s. pozzi g. ( 2000 ) . specification and implementation of exceptions in workflow fc casati acm transaction on database  
research thrusts in small firm strategic planning rb robinson jr ja pearce ii the academy of management review 1984.0 
an authorization model for multimedia digital libraries n kodali c farkas d wijesekera international journal on digital libraries 2004.0 
stride prefetching by dynamically inspecting objects t inagaki t onodera h komatsu t nakatani   
nuclear power in a world of deregulated energy markets sw kidd & hellip ; 24th annual international conference of the international & hellip ;  
psychological interventions for non-ulcer dyspepsia ( cochrane review ) s soo p moayyedi j deeks b delaney m lewis d cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
a requirements-driven development methodology j castro m kolp j mylopoulos lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
the reach active oodbms . acms anthology p edition   
kerberos authentication and workstation services at project athena d davis r swick mit laboratory for computer science technical  
kt wong . optimization of nestedsql queries revisited ra ganski andh proceedings of the sigmod international conference on  
research issues in spatial databases o guenther sigmod record 1990.0 
end e. fernandez.â ?? a programming lenguage for access to a shared data base â ?? r summers c coleman proc . acm  
simplification and reduction of cedl constrained expressions lk dillon  1986.0 
surfing wavelets on streams : one-pass summaries for approximation aggregate queries ac gilbert y kotidis s muthukrishnan mt strauss proceedings of 27 thvery large data bases ( vldb ) conference  
reincorporating the bantustans into south africa : the question of bophuthatswana ' jh drummond geography  
scalability of spatial operators h kemppainen j albrecht gis lis-international conference -  
escherichia coli serotypes and renal involvement in urinary-tract infection ce mabeck lancet i 1971.0 
dienoyl ] - sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine . â ?? 1 here we wish to g version a chem acc . chem . res 1990.0 
expression and characterization of nonmammalian selenoprotein p in the zebrafish danio rerio rm tujebajeva dg ransom jw harney mj berry genes to cells 2000.0 
a web-based financial trading system m fan j stallaert   
financial self-assessment . n dickmeyer ks hughes new directions for higher education 1982.0 
differential calculus on compact matrix pseudogroups ( quantum groups ) sl woronowicz communications in mathematical physics 1989.0 
using timed csp during object oriented design of real-time systems pg o'donoghue mec hull information and software technology 1996.0 
wa gray and rf churchhouse . ( 1994 ) providing dynamic security control in a federated database nb idris proc . 1994 intl. conf . on very large databases  
game trails in british columbia ab williams  1925.0 
132 1006 ( 1933 ) [ cas ] gp thomson phil . mag  
discovery of influence sets in frequently updated databases i stanoi m riedewald d agrawal a el abbadi proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
sur les deformations des algebres de courants de type reductif cr acad p lecomte c roger sci . paris i  
energy efficient indexing on air t imiehnski s viswanathan br badrinath proc . acm sigmod conference  
tcp-real : receiver-oriented congestion control v tsaoussidis c zhang computer networks 2002.0 
maximum likelihood source separation for discrete sources a belouchrani jf cardoso   
random oracles are practical m bellare p rogaway computer and communications security : proceedings of acm ccs  
people at play in the countryside s glyptis geography  
efficient structural joins on indexed xml documents c shu-yao z vagena z donghuiâ ? ¦ proceedings of the vldb conference hongkong  
the modern campus dn langenberg dz spicer new directions for higher education 2001.0 
professional mobile radioâ ?? the bt airwave public safety service and the path for technology and pr tattersall bt technology journal 2001.0 
legislative program evaluation : utilization-driven research for decision makers . rk jonasâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation 1999.0 
systematics of orobanche section myzorrhiza ( orobanchaceae ) with emphasis on orobanche ludoviciana lt collins  1973.0 
p. ( 1987 ) student involvement : active learning in classes ick freder new directions for teaching and  
the challenge of creating cooperating mobile services : experiences and lessons learned a hinze g buchanan proc . 29th australasian computer science conf . ( acsc 2006 ) â ?? & hellip ;  
measures and models of perceived group variability b park cm judd journal of personality and social psychology  
private communication : at mt = 175 gev and s = 2.0 tev the resummed next-to-leading order tt cross e laenen at  
dynamic environment generations for an astral process '' z dang ra kemmerer   
writing diffractive structures by optical trapping jmr fournier mm burns ja golovchenko proc . spie 1995.0 
suppression of nf-kappab-dependent gene expression by a hexamethylene bisacetamide-inducible protein r ouchida m kusuhara n shimizu t hisada y genes to cells 2003.0 
steroid sex hormones for lower limb atherosclerosis jf price gc leng cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
education in a cultural lag : the case of germany t hanf international journal of educational research 2001.0 
xquery 1.0 : an xml query language d chamberlin j clark d florescu j robie j   
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource bt technology journal p smyth bt technology journal 2003.0 
percolation based scheduling r potasman j lis a nicolau d gajski proc . acm/ieee design automation conference  
on error analysis and numerics of recovering scattered waves . j liu g nakamura r potthast submitted for  
visualizing queries and querying visualizations mp consens sigmod record 1992.0 
database publication practices pa bernstein h meyer d dewitt mt ã?zsu a heuer   
a taxonomy and evaluation of dense two-frame stereo correspondence algorithms . ijcv 47 ( 1/2/3 ) : 7-42 d scharstein r szeliski microsoft research technical report msr-tr-2001-81 november  
on the role of oxygen in dehydrogenase reactions using tetrazolium salts cjf van noorden the histochemical journal 1988.0 
security and privacy in sensor networks c haowen a perrig ieee computer  
guest editorial pa bernstein y ioannidis r ramakrishnan the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
the exponential convergence of posterior probabilities with implications for bayes estimators of a barron unpublished manuscript  
nmos flip-flop sensors : a multipurpose digital-output sensor technique pj french w lian s middelhoek   
a conceptual-modeling approach to extracting data from the web dw embley dm campbell ys jiang sw liddle yk ng lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
variable-structure control of decentralized model-reference adaptive systems xx hao wy hua hw hu  1990.0 
not all tools are created equal s dart   
the geopolitics of peacemaking in israel-palestine d newman political geography 2002.0 
internet topology : connectivity of ip graphs a broido proc . spie 2001.0 
the evolving virus threat c nachenberg   
studies on treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia with arsenic trioxide : remission induction c niu h yan t yu hp sun jx liu xs li w wu blood-new york - 1999.0 
design considerations and performance optimizations for real-time orbs a gokhale i pyarali coâ ?? ryan dc schmidt v submitted to  
stream : the stanford stream data manager d proposal   
application of ternary algebra to the study of static hazards m yoeli s rinon journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1964.0 
standard c pj plauger j brodie  1989.0 
datamine-interactive rule discovery system t imielinski a virmani   
state inequalities approach to control systems with uncertainty a swierniak  1982.0 
technology roadmapping : the integration of strategic and technology planning for competitiveness oh bray ml garcia   
global query optimization tk sellis proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1986.0 
an analytical method for estimating and interpreting query time hy hwang yt yu vldb 1987.0 
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries g koch c koch r pichler 28th vldb conference  
the multimediation of the lifeworld g sonesson   
characterisation of technology roadmaps : purpose and format r phaal cjp farrukh dr probert   
the case for a hybrid p2p search infrastructure bt loo r huebsch i stoica jm hellerstein   
progress on anaerobic digestion within the framework of the ec concerted action cost 681 . am bruce & hellip ; of research and demonstration projects . elsevier applied & hellip ; 1987.0 
pde based determination of piezoelectric material tensors b kaltenbacher t lahmer m mohr   
guest editorsâ ?? introduction to the special section on scientific workflows b ludascher c goble sigmod record 2005.0 
dynamic and order preserving data partitioning for database machines ea ozkarahan am ouksel vldb  
sputtering of gold foils in a high voltage electron microscope : a comparison of theory and d cherns mw finnis md matthews phil . mag  
innovation competencies and technological change in the polymer industry bc fialho l hasenclever ca hemais  2001.0 
design & tools to augment collaborative learning in computerized conferencing systems l harasim proceedings of the 24th annual hawaii international  
in-place editing of web pages : sparrow community-shared documents bw chang www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
dap-1 a novel protein that interacts with the guanylate kinase-like domains of hdlg and psd-95 k satoh h yanai t senda k kohu t nakamura n genes to cells 1997.0 
efficient crawling through url ordering j cho h garcia-molina l page www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
the far-infrared helium laser r turner ra murphy & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
us department of housing and urban development office of policy development and research . 1979 ka peroff cl davis r jones gautreaux housing demonstration : an evaluation of its impact  
keynote address p burns proceedings 17th isba sheffield conference  
research and productsâ ?? are they relevant to each other ? ( panel session ) h edelstein proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
the importance of declarative semantics for mls relational databases k smith m winslett   
absolute deviation as a measure of risk '' r entriken c yu technical report sol 95-5 sol stanford university stanford  
order-of-magnitude advantage on tpc-c through massive parallelism c levine   
pa usa 1997 p ais   
zoroastrianism : an ethnic perspective kp mistree  1982.0 
multi-agent dependence by dependence graphs r conte j sichman procs . of  
development of the ventricles and spiral outflow tract in the human heart . a contribution to the pa de vries jb saunders carnegie contributions to embryology  
landloc : landmark-based user location vn padmanabhan   
direct measurements of the inherent frequency stability of quartz crystal resonators ae wainwright fl walls wd mccaa   
computer simulation of a regional housing system dw sears proc . acm urban symposium  
microstructure of the mist zone on glass fracture surfaces jw johnson dg holloway phil . mag  
energy food and you c petersonâ ? ¦ seattle : washington state office of environmental education & hellip ;  
mansons tropical diseases . 1996 20 ed gc cook   
kleist 's marquise of o. kierkegaard 's abraham and musil 's tonka : three stages of the absurd as the wh sokel wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
preliminary studies on serum antigens in carp j rapacz e slota j hasler rapp . procs verb . 161 : 170  
probe interval graphs and its applications to physical mapping of dna p zhang unpublished  
integraly i proizvodnye drobnogo porã cents dka i nekotorye ih prilozeniã cents sg samko aa kilbas oi marichev  1987.0 
flow-directed lightweight closure conversion jm siskind by  
treadmarks : shared memory computing on networks of workstations c amza al cox s dwarkadas p keleher h lu r   
agents of change gh anthes   
maximum entropy in applied econometric research j sengupta   
assessing the work environment for creativity tm amabile r conti h coon j lazenby m herron the academy of management journal 1996.0 
linear clustering of objects with multiple attributes j hv proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
livestock water quality g surber glci demonstration tour  
cellular automata ef codd   
geographic routing without location information a rao c papadimitriou s shenker i stoica proceedings of the 9th annual international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
a review of the experimental data from the high pressure phase in polyethylene u leute w dollhopf colloid & polymer science 1980.0 
efficiency and completeness of the set of support strategy in theorem proving l wos ga robinson df carson journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1965.0 
engendering class in the metropolitan city : occupational pairings and income disparities among two - d rose p villeneuve urban geography 1998.0 
l. tenney . aformalspecication andimplementation method for protocols tp blumer andr computer networks  
drawing a bead and taking the lead on wireless t may   
hybrid transitive closure algorithms r agrawal hv jagadish vldb 1990.0 
manejo de las relaciones con los clientes kj bannan pc magazine en espaã ± ol  
convention on the rights of the child u nations   
interpretation of myoelectric power spectra : a model and its applications l lindstrom r magnusson proc . ieee  
database language sql-part 9 : management of external data ( sql/med ) n mattos j melton j richey iso working draft june  
facilitating faculty learning communities : a compact guide to creating change and inspiring mc petrone l ortquist-ahrens new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
optimal policies for handoff and channel assignment in cdma cellular networks yw chang e geraniotis proc . 29th conf . on information sciences and  
cast2 : identification and characterization of a protein structurally related to the presynaptic m deguchi-tawarada e inoue e takao-rikitsu m genes to cells 2004.0 
progressive forest split compression g lazarus proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 98  
liquid desiccant systems for cooling applications kg mahmoud hd ball proceedings of the 23rd iecec denver co  
investigating long-range electron transfer with rigid covalently linked donor - ( norbornylogous mn paddow-row acc . chem . res  
modelllng queries und updates in deductive dotabuses . c de maindreville e simon proc of 14th vldb los angeles sept  
new tpc benchmarks for decision support and web commerce . the sigmod record 29 ( 4 ) m poess c floyd  2000.0 
memantine prevents progressive functional neurodegeneration in rats c heim kh sontag journal of neural transmission supplementum 1995.0 
the importance of phase in the spectra of digital type . g duan ra morris   
watermarking relational databases r agrawal j kiernan vldb 2002.0 
magnetic recording system design to reduce medium noise through signal precompensation '' ja oâ ?? sullivan d agrawal dg porter rs indeck   
foreword by ral foster ral foster bt technology journal 1997.0 
way past word processing h holland electronic learning  
a database perspective on lotus domino/notes c mohan sigmod conference 1999.0 
varkovitskaya et al vi zatsepin ea zamchalova a ya proceedings of the 23rd international cosmic ray  
motion compensating field interpolation using a hierarchically structured displacement estimator . m bierling r thoma signal proc. 1986.0 
final east lake sammamish basin and nonpoint action plan k county king county surface water management seattle washington  
an assessment of post-project reviews js busby project management journal 1999.0 
usability evaluation of the city university of new york cuny + database a oulanov electronic library 2001.0 
approaches to semantic representation b levin  1987.0 
the work of richard ewen borcherds p goddard   
mcafee : new virus is first to infect image files . s costello   
speed-coupled flattening video figures c gutwin video proceedings of acm chi  
intracellular degradation of phas t saito t kobayashi see ref  
extenion of bond order dependent potentials to include long range interactions theo . chem . acct j che t cagä ± n wa goddard iii at  
a simplified cost-effective method for area-wide testing of trypanocidal drug sensitivity of t. s geerts jm ndungâ ?? u g murilla ha mbwambo l proceedings of the 25 thmeeting of the international & hellip ;  
the complexity of querying indefinite data about linearly ordered domains r van der meyden   
paleogene and franciscan complex stratigraphy southwestern san rafael mountains sa schussler santa barbara county california : santa barbara university & hellip ;  
reflection of low-energy hydrogen from solids w eckstein jp biersack applied physics a : materials science & processing 1985.0 
aspect deliverable d19 a ac095 report on final trial and demonstration issue 1995.0 
biomass growth rates and limitation of equatorial pacific diatoms s blain a leynaert p trã © guer mj chrã © tiennot - deep-sea research i 1997.0 
tutorial on information visualisation m chalmers vldb conference  
data functions datalog and negation s abiteboul r hull acm sigmod record 1988.0 
characteristic changes in erythrocyte nucleotides in haemolytic anaemia with basophilic stippling of a laurence ja duley ha simmonds m layton cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
wavecluster : a multi-resolution clustering approach c 1 1 2 1 group for very large spatial databases g sheikholeslami s chatterjee a zhang proc . 24th intâ ?? l conf . very large data  
agflow : agent-based cross-enterprise workflow management system l zeng b benatallah p nguyen ahh ngu proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
timber : a native xml database 2003 hv jagadish s al-khalifa a chapman lvs vldb  
university of washington press ga bradley seattle  
'' my personal web '' : a seminar on personalization and privacy for web and converged services i fundulaki r hull b kumar d liewen a sahuguet data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
on the performance of a two-stage acquisition scheme foe direct-sequence spread spectrum u madhow proc . 29th ann . allerion conf on commun. control computing & hellip ;  
conoise : agent-based formation of virtual organisations tj norman a preece s chalmers nr jennings m   
a short introduction to concurrent euclid rc holt acm sigplan notices 1982.0 
using information technology to create communities of learners k kruger new directions for higher education 2000.0 
query processing in distributed mediated systems s adali ks candan y papakonstantinou vs proc . 1996 acm sigmod conf. montreal canada june  
cultural diversity in the workplace : managing a multicultural work force . lg martin jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
consumers ` use of enhanced tv features and interest in e-commerce on cable network websites l ha electronic markets 2002.0 
the great ocean conveyor ws broecker aip conference proceedings 1992.0 
heterodimerization targets a homeodomain protein complex to the nucleus a spit r hyland ejc mellor la casselton submitted for  
hot spot on the russian craton and the volga-kamaâ ?? s plumeâ ?? av gusev nk petrova proc . int . conf.â ?? geomphys iv  
b. using pathchar to estimate internet link characteristics a downey proc . of acm  
maternal oxygen administration for fetal distress gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
interaction of electromagnetic field with rain medium with respect to the satellite link attenuation o fiser czech technical university prague  
a model for optimal database allocation in distributed computer systems gm chiu cs raghavendra ieee computer  
computergestutzte segmentierung des frakturierten acetabulums in ct-aufnahmen mit hilfe aktiver j putzer m teistler j dormeierâ ? ¦ procs bvm  
hints on data selection : help for the practicing programmer ra demillo rj lipton fg sayward ieee computer  
primary angioplasty versus intravenous thrombolysis for acute myocardial infarction m cucherat e bonnefoy g tremeauâ ? ¦ cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
improved histograms for selectivity estimation v poosala y ioannidis p haas e shekita proc . of acm sigmod montreal canada  
pattern matching and program theory w trochim & hellip ; - driven evaluation . new directions for program evaluation & hellip ;  
microscopic analysis of autograft bone applied at the interface of porous-coated devices in human aa hofmann rd bloebaum mh rubman kn bachus rl international orthopaedics 1992.0 
the beowulf distributed process space ea hendriks submitted for publication  
the annals of the history of computing and other journals ba galler history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
carnot and infosleuthâ ?? database technology and the web n jacobs r shea proc . of acm  
nonclassroom learning : a review of the literature . ja carr new directions for higher education 1986.0 
issues examples and challenges in formative assessment e hunt jw pellegrino new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
late versus early surgical correction for congenital diaphragmatic hernia in newborn infants ( v moyer f moya r tibboel p losty m nagaya kp cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
random walks with reinforcement d coppersmith p diaconis unpublished manuscript  
university of california at santa barbara ss sweet department of biological sciences . santa barbara california & hellip ;  
join araoh and acyclic database schemes k chase proceedings of the seventh international conference on vldb  
size-and-shape cone shape disk and configuration densities for the elliptical models ja dä ± az-garcä ± a submitted for publication 1998.0 
m. 1958 h tomlinson phil . mag  
brief vom 19.1 . 1935 an jh van den hoop cg jung briefe i  
potential benefits of delta encodingand data compressionfor http jc mogul f douglis a feldmann b krishnamurthy proc . acm sigcomm  
should social studies teachers become nationally certified ? a lockledge np gallavan social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
antiretrovirals for reducing the risk of mother-to-child transmission of hiv infection p brocklehurst j volmink cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
3g trials and developments cj fenton jgo moss dw lock r bloomfield jf bt technology journal 2001.0 
the stanford dash multiprocessor d chaiken j laudon k gharachorloo agw weber j ieee computer  
an application of interference microscopy to integrated circuit inspection and metrology m davidson k kaufman i mazor f cohen proc . spie  
planning training and learning in supervision of flexible assembly systems ls lopes l camarinha-matos procs . of conf . on balanced automation systems  
one-dimensional dynamics w de melo s van strien  1993.0 
the ohio state infrared imager/spectrometer ( osiris ) dl depoy b atwood p byard j frogel toâ ?? brien proceedings spie 1993.0 
boosting chaff 's performance by incorporating csp heuristics c ansotegui j larrubia f manya lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
geography trade and growth : problems and possibilities for the new zealand economy p mccann   
verification & validation of power systems control centres kbs j santos c ramos z vale a marques   
a high speed airborne data acquisition and control system with an integrated digital computer wf trover & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
on the velocity and mass of ions in the electric wind in air ap chattock phil . mag  
learning grammatical constructions in a miniature language from narrated video events pf dominey   
anomaly-based intrusion detection : privacy concerns and other problems e lundin e jonsson computer networks 2000.0 
universal extended theories of integers vi martâ ?? janov algebra i logika  
object operations benchmark rggcj skeen acm transactions on database systems  
tourism to northern cyprus dg lockhart s ashton geography  
virtual prototyping of the ceramic pressure sensor d belavic kp friedel a wymyslowski mz santo proc . int . conf .  
h. lim wn soon d. : a machine learning approach to coreference resolution of & hellip ;  
test cases generation from uml state diagramsâ ?? software yg kim hs hong dh bae sd cha iee procsâ ?? page ( s )  
the influence of temperature and photoperiod on floral development of early flowering pigeonpea lv turnbull pc whiteman de byth proc . int . workshop on pigeonpeas  
stochastic real valued action v gullapalli  1998.0 
nonlinear tariffs in markets with interdependent demand s oren s smith r wilson technical report program in information policy stanford  
automatic calibration and removal of distortion from scenes of structured environments f devernay o faugeras proc . spie 1995.0 
validation of the use of doubly labeled water in the green turtle ( chelonia mydas ) : measurements of tt jones m hastings r andrews dr jones proceedings from the 25 thannual international symposium on  
high level system design and analysis using abstract state machines e boerger lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
the angara-5 installation module ep bolâ ?? shakov ep velikhov va glukhikhâ ? ¦ at . energ  
microsoft windows 3 developer 's workshop r wilton microsoft programming series 1991.0 
leprosy : a concise text kk koticha  1990.0 
prediction cubes bc chen l chen y lin r ramakrishnan proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
fiber bragg grating sensor system for civil structure monitoring : applications and field tests st vohra md todd ga johnson cc chang ba danver proc . spie 1999.0 
a study of sort algorithms for multiprocessor db machines j menon proc . int . conf . on very large data bases  
bhabha atomic research centre u chandra barc bombay india  
uml in a nutshel ss alhir   
tsql2 language specification 1994 rt snodgrass available by ftp from ftp . cs . arizona .  
watching behaviour : the role of context and learning h buxton r howarth   
a modification of the rayleigh disk method for measuring sound-intensities lj sivian phil . mag  
practitioner problems in need of database research g thomas sigmod record 1991.0 
road and trail influences on grizzly bears and black bears in northwest montana wf kasworm tl manley international conference on bear research and management  
strategies for sound internet measurement v paxson proceedings of acm sigcomm internet measurement  
acute arterial spasm in an extremity caused by inadvertent intra-arterial injection successfully b arquilla r gupta j gernshiemer m fischer journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
tractable query languages for complex object databases s grumbach   
on-line processor scheduling for a class of iris ( increasing reward with increasing time ) real-time jk dey j kurose d towsley  1993.0 
canonical 3-folds journees de geometrie algebrique dâ ?? angers ( angers 1979 ed . a. beauville ) 273 m reid md  
computational politics : electoral systems e hemaspaandra la hemaspaandra lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
estimation of snow water equivalent in the boreal forest using passive microwave data k goita ae walker be goodison atc chang proc . ger  
wap ah johnson computerworld  
session key distribution using smart cards v shoup a rubin lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
heliox for treatment of exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( cochrane review ) g rodrigo c pollack c rodrigo b rowe eh cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
liquid data for weblogic : integrating enterprise data and services v borkar proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
benini . l. ( 1999 ) . â ?? virtual simulation of distributed ip-based designsâ ?? . dacâ ?? 99â ?? design m dalpasso a bogliolo proceedings acm press  
system rx : one part relational one part xml h piraheshâ ? ¦ proceedings of sigmod  
scam : a copy detection mechanism for digital documents n shivakumar h garcia-molina   
controlling the cost of reliability in peer-to-peer overlays r mahajan m castro a rowstron lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
web server data connections j downey pc magazine  
remembrance of streams past : overload-sensitive management of archived streams s chandrasekaran mj franklin proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
3.1 ( 2001 ) envirocoustics sa n manual athens  
finite element analysis of electromagnetic torque saturation harmonics in a squirrel cage machine a demenko electronic engineering 1999.0 
workflow verification : finding control-flow errors using petri-net-based techniques wm van der aalst lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
a snapshot differential refresh algorithm b lindsay lm haas c mohan h pirahesh   
on the implementation of a logical data base converter a shoshani k brandon   
an object-oriented approach to database system implementation a james baroody jr dj dewitt acm trans . database syst 1981.0 
interoperability using appc d mukhopadhyay   
spontaneous splenic rupture due to subcutaneous heparin therapy sj weiss t smith e laurin dh wisner journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
training secondary school computer science educators j statz acm sigcue outlook 1975.0 
a color fingerprint of video shot for content identification x yang q tian ec chang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
3 . von zur gathen and 3 . hopcroft '' fast parallel matrix and gcd computations ab bgh proceedings of the 23rd stoc  
incorporating planar resistors in pcb designs rm signer electronic manufacturing  
134th meeting of asa s sato y ando san diego  
information portals : a strategy for importing external content p van brakel electronic library 2003.0 
f [ 22 ] zhang t. ramakrishnan r. and linvy m. ( 1996 ) . birch : an efficient data clustering method kl clarkson proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l con  
o roloc toy vesmoy tuc klurwsuc kai u eã?armogu aytoy stu dikastiku exoysia twn arhaiwn ellunwn ( the k kevork x kevork aueb bulletin athens greece  
identifying dynamic replication strategies for a high-performance data grid k ranganathan i foster lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
geometrie diophantienne sur les modules de drinfeld l denis proceedings du \ \ workshop on function elds '' ohio d. goss d. & hellip ;  
program understanding needs during corrective maintenance of large-scale software a von mayrhauser a vans   
solar thermal energy b everett see ref  
andm . yannakakis . on monotone formulaewith restricted depth m klawe np wpaul proc . 16th acm symp . theory comp  
representing faculty work : the professional portfolio . rc froh pj gray lm lambert new directions for higher education 1993.0 
view management in multimedia databases sc kasim e lemar vs subrahmanian the vldb journal  
h. stonebraker m. ullman j. 1998 â ?? the asilomar report on database researchâ ?? p bernstein m brodie s ceri d dewitt m sigmod  
corporate e-ducation a cohen pc magazine 137 2001.0 
7134 columbia gateway drive columbia i avnet   
the history of fortran i ii and ill j backus history of programming languages acm monograph series & hellip ;  
diffraction contrast from spherically symmetrical coherency strains mf ashby lm brown phil . mag  
ac and giordano c f minisci acc . chem . res  
blt : bi-layer tracing of http and tcp/ip a feldmann www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
ashishik point : an economic analysis of a prehistoric aleutian community . gb denniston  1972.0 
dataguides enabling query formulationandoptimizationinsemistructureddatabases r goldman j widom proc . vldb conf  
a comprehensive xquery to sql translation using dynamic interval coding d dehaan d toman mp consens mt ozsu proceedings of the acm  
robustness to jitter in real-time systems n andreff  1994.0 
incorporating roads and footpaths in watershed-scale hydrologic and soil erosion models cp harden physical geography  
the microsoft database research group d lomet r barga s chaudhuri sigmod record 1998.0 
hardware vendors profit from integration push j vijayan computerworld  
s. zdonik disseminating updates on broadcast disks s acharya m franklin 22nd vldb conference  
traumatic anterior lens dislocation : a case report-bilateral lenticular dislocation ke netland j martinez oj lacour pa netland journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
barriers to the advance of organizational science : paradigm development as a dependent variable j pfeffer the academy of management review 1993.0 
development of a grade eight taiwanese physical science teacherâ ?? s pedagogical content knowledge hl tuan rc kaou proceedings of national science council part d  
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension v lure r dadam r erbe j guenauer p pistor g acm sigmod international conference on the management of  
'' sousveillance '' : inverse surveillance in multimedia imaging s mann proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
local dynamic modeling with self-organizing maps and applications to nonlinear system identification jc principe l wang ma motter proceedings-ieee 1998.0 
r. gupta . 1996 . '' compiled communication for all-optical tdm networks x yuan r melhem proc . ieee/acm supercomputing pittsburgh  
dynamics of chromosomes and microtubules visualized by multiple-wavelength fluorescence imaging in t haraguchi t kaneda y hiraoka genes to cells 1997.0 
runs of significant samples for processes with sharp non-stationarities - application to seismogram vf babkin ne rybeva ium shcharkov & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1975.0 
abstractions in semantic networks : axiom schemata for generalization aggregation and grouping u schiel acm sigart bulletin 1989.0 
oestrogen supplementation mainly diethylstilbestrol for preventing miscarriages and other adverse aa bamigboye j morris cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
an experimental vm/370 based information system jj donovan r fessel sg greenberg lm gutentag vldb  
denoising by singularity detection h tai-chiu ld pak-kong proc . int . symp . circuits syst  
incomplete information and dependencies in relational databases t imielinski proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
neural competition and statistical mechanics t elliott ci howarth nr shadbolt proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
synthesizing independent database schemas j biskup u dayal pa bernstein proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
learning from technologies : a perspective on the research s rockman unpublished manuscript  
the transportation revolution gr taylor new york : rinehart  
a generic framework for modeling resources with uml b selic   
artist : an architectural transfomiation program for optimization a chatterjee r roy proceedings of acm/ieee design automation conference  
fast and stable algorithms for hierarchically semi-separable representations s chandrasekaran m gu t pals submitted for publication 2004.0 
hemispheric disconnection : callosotomy and hemispherotomy jg villemure o vernet o delalande advances and technical standards in neurosurgery 2000.0 
elder neglect assessment in the emergency department t fulmer g paveza i abraham s fairchild journal of emergency nursing 2000.0 
united states of america v dcc opinion  2001.0 
addison-wesley 1998 lu guide   
jointly adaptive high-data-rate burst admission control for wideband cdma system vkn lau yk kwok submitted for  
compartmentalized distribution of the proteins controlling the prespore-specific transcription pj lewis t magnin j errington genes to cells 1996.0 
describing and using query capabilities of heterogeneous sources ( extended version ) . available v vassalos y papakonstantinou stanford . edu/pub/papers / le query-cap-ext .  
peer-to-peer information retrieval using self-organizing semantic overlay networks c tang z xu s dwarkadas   
hemostasis manual la harker  1970.0 
133 der akademie fã 1/4 r technikfolgenabschã $ tzung ) a nr  1999.0 
data modelling versus ontology engineering r meersmanâ ? ¦ sigmod records  
the effects of varying infant peer experience on social behavior in the rhesus monkeys as chamove  1966.0 
application of quadrature mirror filter banks m-band extensions and perfect reconstruction d esteban c galand proc . int . conf . on assp  
the activation approach in dutch and belgian social policies jan de schampheleire journal of european area studies 2001.0 
a72 exercise in the verification of multi-process programs z manna a pnueli technical report stanford university 1989 . to appear in a book  
modelling information preserving databases : consequences of the concept of time mr klopprogge pc lockemann vldb 1983.0 
usefulness of adenosine in diagnosis of tachyarrhythmias . j conti l belardinelli a curtis journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
r. g. siuzdak g. ( 2001 ) mass spectrometry in viral proteomics jj thomas r bakhtiar acc . chem .  
layout design methodology for sub-wavelength manufacturing m rieger j mayhew s panchapakesan proc acm/ieee design automation conf  
neuroleptic reduction and/or cessation and neuroleptics as specific treatments for tardive jj mcgrath kv soares cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
statistical learning : well-posedness is necessary and sufficient for consistency of empirical risk s mukherjee p niyogi t poggio r rifkin technical report 223 cbcl massachusetts institute of  
juggling low-wage work and family life : what mothers say about their childrenâ ?? s well-being in the as london ek scott k edin v hunter new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
the five-minute rule ten years later and other computer storage rules of thumb g graefe j gray   
indexing bitemporal databases as points co beng hg cheng kl tan information and software technology 1998.0 
definition of biodiversity ir swingland see levin  
blind joint equalization of multiple synchronous mobile users oversampling and/or multiple antennas dtm slock proc . 28th asimilar  
aggregate-query processing in data warehousing environments agvhd quass   
graph-based mobility model for mobile ad hoc network simulation i stepanov j tian j hã $ hner c becker k san diego california  
the common sense representation of illness danger h leventhal d meyer d nerenz contributions to medical psychology 1980.0 
evaluation of highly complex modeling procedures with binomial and poisson data j ye w wong unpublished manuscript  
isolation and characterization of a full-length resistance gene homolog from soybean cy he ag tian js zhang zy zhang jy gai sy tag theoretical and applied genetics 2003.0 
effective synchronization removal for java e ruf proceedings of the acm sigplan 2000 conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
proposal for an xml data modification language m rys microsoft report  
the petri net markup language : concepts technology and tools j billington s christensen k van hee e kindler lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
specificatioll of user lnierihce in oo method . 1998 master of science thesis pj molina technical university of  
genetic structure of north american birds gf barrowclough nk johnson proc . int . ornithol . congr  
robot navigation under approximate self-localisation a saffiotti   
decommissioning of commercial uraniumâ ?? graphite reactors id kulikov vd safutin vm simanovskiiâ ? ¦ at .  
extendible hashmg-a fast access method for dynamx fles r fagm j nlevergelt n plppenger hr strong acm trans on database systems  
the pathogenesis of diabetic glomerulosclerosis . ii aw berns ct owens y hirata ht blumenthal a demonstration of insulin binding capacity of the various & hellip ;  
fundamentals of production theory r fã $ re  1988.0 
in hp & chem hm.â ?? from requirements negotiation to software architecture decisionsâ ?? r kazmana information and software  
the ` natural ` set of basic control structures jj martin acm sigplan notices 1973.0 
37kda oncofetal antigen is an autoimmunogenic homologue of the 37kda laminin receptor precursor al barsoum jw rohrer jh coggin cellular and molecular biology letters 2000.0 
on arbitrariness in protocol conformance test generation university of maryland at college park d sidhu r vallurupalli md  
advances in databases and information systems : report of 5 theast european conference adbis ' 2001 a caplinskas j eder o vasilecas acm sigmod record 2002.0 
on the malleability of automatic attitudes : combating automatic prejudice with images of admired and n dasgupta ag greenwald journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
î # â ?? capacitive interface for a vertically driven x & y-axis rate gyroscope x jiang sa bhave ji seeger rt howe be boser j proc . of the 28th european solid-state circuits conference & hellip ;  
to give or not to give : an evolutionary ecology of human food transfers m gurven unpublished manuscript  
regulatory analyst biotechnology and scientific services usda aphis 4700 river road unit 147 mk peterson   
learning how to think : being earnest is important but itâ ?? s not enough je stice new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
on the characteristics of vbr mpeg streams m krunz sk tripathi proc . acm sigmetrics  
water quality functions of riparian forest buffers in chesapeake bay watersheds r lowrance environmental management 1997.0 
whirling of a heavy chain tk caughey   
2250 northwood drive salisbury kl microwave   
offset problem and k-incremental predictors in self-tuning control dw clarke ajf hodgson ps tuffs iee proceedings d. control theory and applications 1983.0 
parallel programming using shared objects and broadcasting as tanenbaum mf kaashoek he bal   
hip protectors for preventing hip fractures in the elderly ( cochrane review ) mj parker ld gillespie wj gillespie cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
target seeking crawlers and their topical performance [ a ] p srinivasan g pant f menczer proceedings of sigir conference on research and development & hellip ; 2002.0 
refining an object-oriented gis design model : topologies and field data f balaguer s gordillo proc . of acm-gis  
m and beshers dn 1963 sm ohr phil . mag  
exploring potential benefits of the semantic web for virtual organizations v iosif y sure pakm to appear  
a theory of time & amp-based concurrency control for nested transactions ja pi a fekete n lynch m merritt w w & l proceedings of 14th international conference on very large & hellip ;  
a framework for designing materialized views in data warehousing environment j yang k karlapalem q li   
s-plus version 6.0 . 1 release 1 for linux 2.2 . 12 i insightful seattle washington  
employers have no right to snoop through mail cl nelson computerworld  
godis and the dialogue move engine toolkit p bohlin s larsson   
viable salmonid populations and the recovery of evolutionarily significant units-draft p mcelhany m rukelshaus mj ford t wainwright e seattle washington : national marine fisheries service  
photodynamic therapy of neoplastic disease d kessel  1990.0 
on the transition from deflagration to detonation . major topics in combustion je shepherd jhs lee  1992.0 
managing quality ( 3 rded . ) oxford : blackwell publishing bg dale  1999.0 
efficient management of transitive relationships in large data bases r agrawal a borgida hv jagadish   
amalgamating knowledge bases vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
near-surface circulation in the northwestern pacific as derived from lagrangian drifters n maximenko g panteleev p niiler t yamagata proc . int . symp . triangle &#39; 98  
global pollution with 137 cs and 90 sr and external exposure doses on the territory of the soviet li boltneva ya izrael va ionov im nazarov at . energ  
business process cockpit m sayal f casati u dayal mc shan vldb 2002.0 
integratingcontentsandstructuresintextretrieval r baeza-yates g navarro sigmod record  
kalman filters for prediction and tracking in an adaptive sensor network v mandfredi s mahadevan j kurose technical report 05-07 cs dept. u.  
a taxonomy for secure object-oriented databases ms olivier sh von solms acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
head modeling from pictures and morphing in 3d with image metamorphosis based on triangulation ws lee n magnenat-thalmann lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
why minority group members perceive or do not perceive the discrimination that confronts them : the km ruggiero dm taylor journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
report on the first international workshop on efficient web-based information systems z lacroix o boucelma acm sigmod record 2003.0 
list of acronyms adq application driven qos bt technology journal 2005.0 
the vertex-primitive 1 2-transitive graphs with the smallest orders sf du   
experimental-analytic approach to derive software performance ra ammar information and software technology 1992.0 
practical fine-grain slicing of optimized code m ernst technical report msr-tr-94-14 microsoft research redmond wa  
converting java programs to use generic libraries a donovan   
23 national formulary 18 united state pharmacopoeial convention rockville us pharmacopoeia md  
formal semantics for time in databases j clifford ds warren acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
the negative life events questionnaire : reliability and validity ll saxe ly abramson unpublished manuscript  
the demarcation protocol : a technique for maintaining arithmetic constraints in distributed database d barbara911 barbara cs-tr-320-9 1 princeton university april 199  
a self-tuning structure for adaption in tcp/aqm networks h zhang c hollot d towsley v misra technical report university of massachusetts amherst ftp : / /  
handbook of vegetable pests : academic press jl capinera san diego  
real-time scheduling for multimedia streams over resource-constrained networks hm sun cm chen lc shu   
research findings on the seven principles md sorcinelli new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
the documentary structure of source code cs.utah.edu   
from documents to discourse : shifting conceptions of scholarly publishing t sumner sb shum   
misconceptions about real-time databases ja stankovic sh son j hansson   
thin film infrared detector arrays for integrated electronic structures c corsi g cappuccio a damico g petrocco g & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
aids among hispanics in the united states [ abstract no . wdp33 ] : in : proceedings of the fifth a kroliczak montreal canada june  
efficient bootstrapping for semiparametric models bw brown wk newey unpublished manuscript  
a new perspective on rule support for object-oriented databases ea cm941 l maugis s chakravarthy proceedings international conference on management of  
modifications to sparc for the alewife multiprocessor â ?? alewife systems memo # 3 j kubiatowicz  1990.0 
basking in reflected glory : three ( football ) field studies rb cialdini rj borden a thorne mr walker s journal of personality and social psychology  
full text pdf format pdf ( 424 kb ) source acm sigmod record archive c olston a woodruff a aiken m chu v ercegovac acm sigmod record 1998.0 
toward the eco-grid : a harmoniously evolved interconnection environment h zhuge x shi communications-acm 2004.0 
join index hierarchies for supporting efficient navigations in object-oriented databases z xie j han vldb 1994.0 
childrenâ ?? s and adultsâ ?? autobiographical accounts of shame guilt and pride experiences : an jp tangney de marschall k rosenberg dh barlow unpublished manuscript  
effects of a sharp bend on dam-break flow . s soares frazã # o y zech proc. 28th iahr congress graz austria technical univ. . & hellip ;  
learning technologies for learner services m phillips p kelly new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
using replication to improve reliability in distributed information systems sh son information and software technology 1987.0 
modular and median signpost systems and their underlying graphs hm mulder l nebesky discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2003.0 
spin waves in one-dimensional antiferromagnets csnicl3 and cscocl3 t ulrich & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1977.0 
peptidergic neurons and the control of neuroendocrine activity in the fresh water snail lymnaea ew roubos hh boer lpc schot proc int sym neurosec  
geology of the frazier park-cuddy valley area em duebendorfer california [ m s. thesisi : santa barbara california & hellip ;  
gender dynamics in the ultimatum game : an evolutionary psychology perspective g saad t gill submitted for publication  
michael james furlong m ed  2002.0 
forecasting risk attitudes : an experimental study of actual and forecast risk attitudes of women and cc eckel pj grossman unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
integral solutions of linear systems me flahive proc . int . number  
groupware and social networks : will life ever be the same again m pendergast s hayne   
using literature studies to promote elementary social studies learning . tm mcgowan social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
alternative assessment : putting technology to the test i bruder electronic learning 1993.0 
self-determination and persistence in a real-life setting : toward a motivational model of high rj vallerand ms fortier f guay journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
largeâ ?? signal sâ ?? parameters help analyze stability rj frost electronic  
computational problems related to the design of normal form relational schemata acm tans c beeri pa bernstein database syst  
putting politics in its place : baliapal india as a terrain of resistance p routledge political geography  
andf . makedon . videoscheme : aprogrammable video editing system for automation and media recognition j matthews p gloor proceedings acm multimedia  
model-based reasoning finds analog pcb faults k sierzega r rastogi electronic test  
the relationship between distributive recursion and successive linear programming in refining l lasdon b joffe npra computer conference seattle washington  
an efficient and flexible method for archiving a data base c mohan i narang   
implementation of a general purpose d at aflow multiprocessor gm papadopoulos technical report tr432 mit laboratory for computer science 545  
ã cents â ? ¬ the entity-relationship model : toward a unified view of dataã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents c pp acm trans . on database systems  
secure concurrency control in firm real-time database systems b george jr haritsa distributed and parallel databases 2000.0 
fault tolerant control concepts applied to anaesthesia cw frei phd dissertation . zurich switzerland : swiss federal inst .  
resource allocation in multifiber wdm tree netoworks t erlebach a pagourtzis k potika s stefanakos proc . of 29th international workshop on graph theoretic & hellip ;  
990 f h holding supp .  
wear and friction characteristics of pvd-coated roller bearings pw gold j loos m kuhn icmctf san diego  
a stochastic parts of speech and noun phrase parser for unrestricted text k church procs . 2nd anlp austin  
patient noncompliance : a major cause of late graft failure in cyclosporine-treated renal transplants rh didlake k dreyfus rh kerman ct van buren bd transplant  
the jungian world of tennessee williams rh spero  1970.0 
wafer scale integration using rvlsi ah anderson ji raffel pw wyatt ieee computer  
fauna graeciae i f willemse hellenic zoological society athens greece  
niagaracq : a scalable continuous querysystemfor internetdatabases j chen dj dewitt f tian y wang sigmod conference  
t. & scheraga ha ( 1989 ) g montelione acc . chem .  
phoenix : a parallel programming model for accommodating dynamically joining/leaving resources k taura k kaneda t endo a yonezawa   
women work and the family : control and constraints s bowlby geography  
luxury and capitalism ... w sombart  1938.0 
why has ipo underpricing changed over time ? t loughran j ritter   
learning from the buildings around us ck ducolon social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
temporal and spatial aspects of blowing dust in the mojave and colorado deserts of southern aj bach aj brazel n lancaster physical geography 1996.0 
l. jordan mj printezis t. and spence s. 1996 . an orthogonally persistent java mp atkinson es dayn sigmod  
etal combinatorial pattern discovery for scientific data : some preliminary results jtl wang gw chirn tg marr & hellip ; the 1994 acm international conference on management of data  
the first noble truth of cyberspace : people are people ( even when they moo ) dj schiano s white   
all-weather mapping with interferometric radar i cumming d hawkins proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on remote & hellip ;  
application of electrodialysis and cation exchange technique to water and acid recovery j wisniewski g wisniewska environment protection engineering 1997.0 
voronoi-based k nearest neighbor search for spatial network databases mr kolahdouzan c shahabi proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
location of a point in a planar subdivision and its applications dt lee fp preparata proceedings of the eighth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ; 1976.0 
phylogenetic k-root and steiner k-root gh lin t jiang pe kearney lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
bcip ( # 34042 pierce ) los nbt store  
higher-level protocols enhance ethernet je white yk dalal electronic design  
shape memory alloy : a thermomechanical macroscopic theory m fremond courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ; 1996.0 
sequential operations in digital picture processing jl pfaltz journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1966.0 
on embedding a microarchitectural design language within haskell . in the acm sigplan international j launchbury jr lewis b cook acm press new  
issues in data stream management l golab sigmod record 2003.0 
high-level design validation and test s dey j abraham y zorian proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
rotorcraft fatigue and damage tolerance b dickson b krasnowski j roesch d adams european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching . 1984 a guttman prog acm sigmod international conference on management of  
kinetic model of denitrification by bacillus bacteria m waligorska f domka environment protection engineering 1992.0 
charge-carrier transport in disordered organic materials : dipoles quadrupoles traps and all that sv novikov dh dunlap vm kenkre proceedings of  
out-of-hospital pediatric intubation by paramedics : the san diego experience gm vilke pj steen am smith tc chan journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
quality of service : delivering qos on the internet and in computer networks vol p ferguson g huston   
comaâ ?? a system for flexible combinationofschemamatchingapproaches h do e rahm proc . 28thinternational conference on very large data bases  
semantic data cachingand replacement s dar mj franklin b jonsson d srivastava m tan proceedings of the 22th vldb  
cronquist . 1973 . a. flora of the pacific northwest c hitchcock university of washington press . seattle  
safra . asub-constant error-probabilitylow-degreetest andsub-constant error-probability pcp r razands proc . of the 29th acm stoc  
domino : databases for moving objects tracking . sigmod 1999 o wolfson ap sistla b xu j zhou s chamberlain proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
postacquisition performance of acquiring firms c loderer k martin   
jabutã the tortoise : a trickster tale from the amazon g mcdermott  2001.0 
developing institutional teams . jp gallagher new directions for higher education 1994.0 
voltage ranking using artificial neural network kl lo wp luan m given jf macqueen ao ekwue am electronic engineering 1999.0 
object-relational database systems-principles products and challenges k kulkarni n mattos a nori  1997.0 
traffic barrier systems initial report-installation of a thrie beam guardrail rl blost demonstration project  
essence and accidents of software engineering info.computer.org   
videoq : an automated content based video search system using visual cues sf chang w chen hj meng h sundaram d zhong   
the knowledge-of-exponent assumptions and 3-round zero-knowledge protocols m bellare a palacio lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
boron and its role in crop production uc gupta  1993.0 
w ard a. andw ebster p. : the anatomyofa context-aware application a harter a hopper p steggles proc . ofthe acm/ieeemobicom  
explaining differences in multidimensional aggregates - group of 11 & raquo ; s sarawagi geography  
answering queries with aggregation using views d srivastava s dar hv jagadish ay levy vldb 1996.0 
exploiting the efficiency and fairness potential of aimd-based congestion avoidance and control a lahanas v tsaoussidis a lahanas v tsaoussidis computer networks 2003.0 
basic optimal approximation of csiszarâ ?? s f-divergence ga anastassiou  2004.0 
'' despair '' and the lust for immortality c rosenfield wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
minimizing expected energy in real-time embedded systems r xu d mossã © r melhem proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
design techniques for transformer active reset circuits at high frequencies and power levels b carsten  1990.0 
nsw tool builder 's guide re millstein re schantz technical report massachusetts computer associates inc.  
failure handling in large scale workflow management systems ibm research report rj9913 tech g alonso m kamath d agrawal a el abbadi r bericht ibm almaden research center november  
consumable mathematics for software engineers mj lutz   
cerius 9658 scranton road m simulation san diego  
automatic 3d to 2d registration for the photorealistic rendering of urban scenes l liu i stamos   
query rewrite for xml in oracle xml db m krishnaprasad zh liu a manikutty jw warner v proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
nitrogen and carbon isotopic composition of marine and terrestrial organic matter in arctic ocean cj schubert se calvert   
re-engineering focus slips j king computerworld  
forward integrity for secure audit logs [ r ] . 1997 university of california m bellare bs yee san diego  
powerpc 603 ** tm microprocessor : an array built-in self test '' c hunter j slaton j eno r jessani c dietz proc . int . test conf  
hands/knees posture in late pregnancy or labour for fetal malposition ( lateral or posterior ) gj hofmeyr r kulier cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
learning irreversibilities and climate cd kolstad   
micromorphology of halloysite produced by weathering of plagioclase in volcanic ash k tazaki proc . int . clay conf. oxford  
performance appraisal : maintaining system effectiveness . dc martin km bartol public personnel management 1998.0 
crack propagation in high stress fatigue c laird gc smith phil . mag  
marginal mentoring : the effects of type of mentor quality of relationship and program design on br ragins jl cotton js miller academy of management journal 2000.0 
integration of spatial join algorithms for processing multiple inputs acm sigmod intl n mamoulis d papadias conference on management of data  
communications failure halts railroad j cope computerworld  
super simulation shell for plants z muro n yanagihara h fujimoto   
cone trees : animated 3d visualizations of hierarchical information sk card jd mackinlay gg robertson proc . acm  
explorations in the world of work c mamola social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
knowledge interchange format version 3 reference manual computer science department mr genesereth re fikes stanford university 1992 technical report logic-91-1 . ( http : / /  
conservative approximations for heterogeneous design r passerone jr burch al sangiovanni-vincentelli proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
region-annotated types and type schemes 1996 m tofte l birkedal submitted for  
evolution of aldolase wj rutter fed . proc 1964.0 
maximum feasible misunderstanding ; community action in the war on poverty . dp moynihan  1969.0 
semantically-based concurrancy control for search structures n goodman d shasha proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
a scalable and emcient optimistic algorithm for parallel discrete-event simulation s prasad procs . simtec . orlando fl ( oct. )  
inhaled fluticasone propionate for chronic asthma n adams j bestall pw jones cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
e-commerce strategies j emigh computerworld  
qualitative modeling and similarity in back of the envelope reasoning pk paritosh kd forbus   
sequential i/o on windows nt : achieving top performance e riedel c ingen j gray microsoft research technical report msr-tr-97-34  
multi-resolution vehicle detection using artificial vision a broggi pc antonello   
a genome databases framework lfb seibel s lifschitz lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
effective similarity search on voxelized cad object hp kriegel z mashael m pfeifle t seidl   
sitehelper : a localized agent that helps incremental exploration of the world wide web dsw ngu x wu www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
synthesizing full-systolic arrays for matrix product on xilinx 's xc4000 ( e ex ) fpgas ak oudjida s titri m hamarlain proceedings of the fpga &#39; 2000 international conference acm - & hellip ;  
complex objects and their use in design transactions r lop lode w plouffe engineering design application proceedings from sigmod & hellip ;  
structure and implementation of a relational query language for the problem solver f antonacci vn spadavecchia a turtur vldb 1977.0 
bragg grating formation and germanosilicate fiber photosensitivity g meltz ww morey proc . spie 1991.0 
userâ ?? s guide for cfsqp version 2.5 : ac code for solvinglarge scale ! constrained nonlinearminimax ! c lawrence jl zhou al tits md  
normal forms and relational database opera-mrs r fagin proc . acm sigmod  
a visual query language for odmg-compliant databases m chavda pt wood   
idmp-based fast handoffs and paging a misraâ ? ¦ proc . int . conf . on 3gwireless  
ullman jeffery d. the asilomar report on database research [ j ] s michael sigmod record  
market orientation and organizational re-engineering during turbulent environmental transformation : h oosthuizen proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the european & hellip ;  
a holistic paradigm for large scale schema matching b he kcc chang sigmod record 2004.0 
manual of fumigation for insect control hau monro journal of pest science 1971.0 
oxyethylene chain-cation complexation ; nonionic polyoxyethylene detergents attain a positive charge j bobacka cellular and molecular biology letters 2001.0 
neuromuscular blocking agents in the emergency department ma rubin n sadovnikoff journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
synthesis of 3 0-c-and 4 0-c-branched oligodeoxynucleotides and the development of lna ( locked j wengel acc chem res  
biological diversification in the tropics gt prance new york  
photocontrolling peptide helices ga woolley acc . chem . res 2005.0 
robotic attentive sensing and its application to integrated circuit wafer inspection mj barth  1991.0 
chemische reaktionstechnikâ ?? lehrbuch der technischen chemie m baerns h hofmann a renken auflage band  
body size and foraging behavior in birds ri goudie jf piatt proc . int . omithol . cong  
a chemical approach for identifying o-glcnac-modified proteins in cells dj vocadlo hc hang ej kim ja hanover cr   
absolute quantification methods in tissue near infrared spectroscopy sj matcher p kirkpatrick k nahid m cope dt proc spie 1995.0 
on the electron microscopy of fission fragment damage lt chadderton dv morgan im torrens v van phil mag 1966.0 
mobile databases : a selection of open issues and research directions g bernardâ ? ¦ sigmod record 2004.0 
benchmarking simple database operations wrms kubicar r cattell acm sigmod may  
recursive strategies for answering recursive queries - the rqa/fqi strategy w nejdl vldb 1987.0 
intrapartum antibiotics for group b streptococcal colonisation f smaill cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
bcontinuous nearest neighbor search ^ in proc y tao d papadias q shen intl. conf . on very large data bases ( vldb ) 287y298  
ontologies and semantics for seamless connectivity m uschold m gruninger sigmod record 2004.0 
scales and monica s. lam . a flexible shared memory system for distributed memory machines j daniel unpublished manuscript  
andm . vincini . semanticintegration of semistructured and structured data sources s bergamaschi s castano sigmod record 28  
tam : a system for dynamic transactional activity management t zhou sigmod conference 1999.0 
procedural and declarative database update languages s abiteboul v vianu proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1988.0 
enterprise modelling-the key to integration aw scheer s spang proceedings of the 23rd isata wien  
deriving production rules for incremental view maintainance '' s ceri j widom proc . international conference on very large data bases  
wildlife feeding and nutrition . 2nd ed : academic press ct robbins san diego california  
functional approach to mathematical model of naming e younger k bennett information and software technology 1992.0 
experimental data and result for camera calibration z zhang microsoft research technical report http://research . microsoft .  
a resource management framework for predictable quality of service in web servers m aron s iyer p druschel submitted for  
aids in cultural historic and epidemiologic context sc mccombie see ref  
a new method for the histochemical demonstration ofo-acyl sugars in human colonic epithelial pe reid d volz ky cho da owen the histochemical journal 1988.0 
on the oscillations solutions of parabolic differential equations of neutral type sz lin yh yu  1996.0 
ma 02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 1995 c street   
integrated access control management k guenter & hellip ; research division zurich research laboratroy switzerland  
flat-panel-detector-based cone beam volume ct imaging : detector evaluation r ning x tang r yu dl conover d zhang proceedings of spie 2003.0 
on the measurement of research performance : the use of bibhometric indicators monograph 199 pp hf moed wjm burger jg frankfort afj van raan   
a rapid and precise method for the determination of thallium in geological materials at the one m ikramuddin at . spectrosc  
efficiently publishing xml views of relational databases j shanmugasundaram e shekita r barr proc . of vldb  
optimistic parallelization of communicating sequential processes df bacon re strom acm sigplan notices 1991.0 
who moves the market ? a study of stock prices and investment cashflows b boyer l zheng unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
retrofits of reinforced concrete columns to enhance the blast resistance of existing buildings . kb morrill je crawford lj malvar proc. 29th dod explosive safety seminar dept. of defense & hellip ;  
design by contracts b meyer ieee computer  
clarans : efficient and effective clustering method for spatial data mining r ngâ ? ¦ proc . 1994 int . conf . very large data bases  
the r-operator : enabling querying for semantic associations on the semantic web k anyanwu   
using adaptive multi-agent systems to simulate economic models z guessoum l rejeb r durand   
formal methods design and collaborative learning in the first computer science course dr troeger new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
infopipes : a flexible framework for m-commerce applications g gottlob m herzog proc . of tes workshop at vldb  
a linear programming approach to solving stochastic dynamic programs ma trick se zin unpublished manuscript 1993.0 
assessing psychopathic attributes in a noninstitutionalized population mr levenson ka kiehl cm fitzpatrick journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
implementation of logical languages for databases j ullman acm trans . database syst  
ontology-based semantic classification of unstructured documents ck cheng x pan f kurfess   
frontiers of electronic commerce r kalakota ab whinston  1996.0 
the deming theory of management wb gartner mj naughton the academy of management review 1988.0 
a new normal form for nested relations z meral ozsoyoglu ly yuan acm transactions on database systems  
weight and growth rates of morphological characters of cygnus olor s mathiasson proc . int . swan symp  
learning characteristics of stochastic-gradient-descent algorithms : a general study analysis and wa gardner signal proc. 1984.0 
issues in south asia : geopolitics or geoeconomics a gupta international studies-bombay then new delhi - 1997.0 
syntaktische funktionsambiguitã $ ten im deutschen å ? ein ã?berblick m bader m meng j bayer  1999.0 
fax-web : accessing www using the fax machine cm huang my jang th hsu information and software technology 1999.0 
journal writing in practice : from vision to reality lm english ma gillen new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
donor-type microchimerism after heart transplantation-a dynamic process hj schlitt j hundrieser m hisanaga k uthoff transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
impending disaster ' near ? ssa defends dp system before house group . j kirchner computerworld. 1981.0 
experimentelle untersuchung der pyrolyse in inerter und reaktiver atmosphã $ re unter den bedingungen j petek  1998.0 
joint performance of dsaqq mac protocol and srrd-arq protocol for wireless atm under realistic d petras u vornefeld computer networks 1999.0 
annotated bibliography on leadership development programming in higher education ha lewis new directions for higher education 1994.0 
j. platt . sequential minimal optimization : a fast algorithm for training support vector machines j platt technical report 98-14 microsoft research . http://www . research  
hyperosmotic stress-induced reorganization of actin bundles in dictyostelium cells over-expressing h aizawa m katadae m maruya m sameshima k genes to cells 1999.0 
a case for arrays of inexpensive disks ( raid ) da patterson g gibson rh katz proc . acm sigmod  
windows 95 programmierung c petzold  1996.0 
buffering and read-ahead strategies for external mergesort w zhang pa larson proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
gigascope : a stream database for network applications t johnson c cranor o spatsheck v shkapenyuk proc 2003 acm sigmod international conference on management & hellip ;  
erc-economic research center middle east technical university at akarca a tansel nd gã 1/4 ngã ¶ r e akbostanci gi   
locally transversal symbolic dynamics am vershik algebra i analiz  
academic : new york 1978 s newman vol .  
the rhetoric of sustainable development k chaharbaghi proceedings of international conference on management of & hellip ;  
toward a code of conduct for undergraduate teaching jm braxton ae bayer new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
methods of mathematical physics ( interscience new york 1953 ) r courant d hilbert vol .  
on the complexity of counting satisfying assignments ml littman t pitassi r impagliazzo unpublished manuscript  
assessment of children ( 3nd ed jm sattler  1988.0 
new york : pergamon epo evolution   
some factors influencing the injuries sustained by child pedestrians struck by the front of cars sj ashton proceedings of the 23rd stapp car crash conference stapp & hellip ;  
to verify multipliers jr burch bdd using proc . of 28th da conference  
strain and sex differences in chloroform-induced nephrotoxicity . different rates of metabolism of lr pohl h satoh   
structured testing : a testing methodology using the cyclomatic complexity metric . computer systems ah watson tj mccabe md  
protest and the scale politics of telecommunications pc adams political geography 1996.0 
the diffusion of nickel in the bulk and along dislocations in nio single crystals a atkinson ri taylor phil . mag  
join synopses for improving approximate query answers s acharya p gibbons v poosala s ramaswarmy proc . of acm sigmod conf  
cable pcs b macaraeg pc  
using a software process assessment model to examine organisational learning p halloran procs 9th australasian conf . on inf . systems  
constraints on null values in relational databases bs goldstein vldb 1981.0 
point vs. interval-based query languages for temporal databases ( extended abstract ) d toman proceedings of the fifteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1996.0 
on the semantics of j clifford c dyreson t isakowitz cs jensen r nowâ ?? in databases â ?? acm transactions on database systems  
on the bernstein-von mises theorem with infinite dimensional parameters p diaconis d freedman unpublished manuscript  
nontraditional-aged women and the dissertation : a case study approach ks lenz new directions for higher education 1997.0 
a uniform approach to processing temporal queries u dayal   
â ? ³ an amateurâ ? ² s introduction to recursive query processing strategies.â ? ³ acm sigmod international f bancihon r ramakrishnan sigmod record  
theoretical models of the altitude distribution of the concentration of electrons and various ion mn fatkullin oa maltseva ti zelenova geomagnetizm i aeronomiia 1974.0 
drug therapy for delirium in terminally ill patients kc jackson ag lipman cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
java as a first language : an evaluation f hosch acm sigcse bulletin 1996.0 
alternative teaching strategies k naidoo r searle new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
vsched : mixing batch and interactive virtual machines using periodic real-time scheduling b lin pa dinda proceedings of acm/ieee sc 2005 ( supercomputing ) 2005.0 
the implementation of a native atm transport for a high performance orb s pope sl lo   
volumetric deformable models : active blobs rt whitaker proc .  
session : shape & texture table of contents k zhou x wang y tong m desbrun b guo hy shum proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
creatine kinase and its ck-mb isoenzyme : the conventional marker for the diagnosis of acute dj robinson rh christenson journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
spinal cord stimulation for non-reconstructable chronic critical leg ischaemia dt ubbink h vermeulen cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
markov decision processes with risksensitive average cost criterion : the discounted stochastic games r cavazos-cadena e fernã ¡ ndez-gaucherand submitted for publication  
challenges in evaluating a national demonstration program for homeless persons with alcohol and rb huebner sb crosse new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
modern electronic structure theory å 1/2 ed part i  
a sound and complete extended relational algebra for exclusive disjunctive data js chiu alp chen the poster paper collection vldb conf  
mining frequent itemsets using support constraints k wang y he j han vldb 2000.0 
psychological effects of mde in normal subjects are entactogens a new class of psychoactive agents ? l hermle m spitzer d borchardt ka kovar neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
case standards debate rages : sheer number of proposals hampers users vendors organizations n margolis   
a decomposition storage model gp copeland s khoshafian   
on the coefficient of sound-absorption measured by the reverberation method et paris phil . mag  
swenson jr and tzichritzis dc a unified approach to functional dependencies and relations pa bernstein proc . acm sigmod conf . on manage . of data san jose calif  
experiments on nuclear cooling mv hobden n kurti phil . mag  
agflow : agent-based cross-enterprise workflow management system ( demonstration paper ) l zeng b benatallah ahh ngu p nguyen proceedings of 27th international conference on very large  
flexible interface migration r bandelloni f paternã ² proceedings acm iui 2004.0 
a comparison of alternative encoding mechanisms for web services m cai s ghandeharizadeh r schmidt s song lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
using genetic algorithms to work out index configurations for the class-hierarchy indexing in object hj song jh ahn hj kim information & software technology 2000.0 
hypothesis for mechanism of intestinal active transport of sugars rk crane fed proc 1962.0 
elimination of citrus pathogens in propagative budwood . i. budwood selection indexing and cn roistacher proc . int . soc . citriculture  
topical negative pressure for treating chronic wounds d evans l land cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
flowers of crete y iatridis  1985.0 
friends and strangers : acquaintanceship agreement and the accuracy of personality judgment dc funder cr colvin journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
testing embedded-core-based system chips y zorian ej marinissen s dey   
cryogenic associative memory rr seber proc . acm national conf  
combustion analysis and cycle-by-cycle variations in spark ignition engine combustion part 1 : an jk ball rr raine cr stone proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1998.0 
lower bound on the domination number of a tree m lemanska discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2004.0 
how to implement an employment-focused approach to welfare reform a brown work first how-to guide manpower research demonstration & hellip ;  
semantic web technologies to reconcile privacy and context awareness fl gandon nm sadeh web semantics journal 2004.0 
whither video?â ?? pictorial culture and telepresence av lewis g cosier bt technology journal 1997.0 
not so different after all : a cross-discipline view of trust dm rousseau sb sitkin rs burt c camerer academy of management review 1998.0 
describing and using query capabilities of heterogeneous sources ( extended version ) v vassalos y papakonstantinou  1997.0 
education and the structuring of the european space : north-south centre-periphery identity - am kazamias mg spillane  1998.0 
neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy for operable hepatocellular carcinoma es chan pk chow b taiâ ? ¦  2000.0 
network-conscious gif image transmission over the internet pd amer s iren ge sezen pt conrad m taube a computer networks 1999.0 
geography and the national parks l bennett social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
a synchronized discrete address beacon system ( for atc surveillance ) na blake & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
on the production of acoustic waves by means of an air-jet of a velocity exceeding that of sound j hartmann phil . mag  
approximate frequency counts over streaming data g manku r motwani proceedings of the 28th international conference on very & hellip ;  
rapportage arbeidsmarkt zorg en welzijn 1999 hoofdrapport en tabellenrapport oktober 1999 æ ? 75 - zw nivel osa nzi   
world wide web search and retrieval h falk electronic library 1997.0 
approximate query answering using wavelets k chakrabarti m garofalakis r rastogi k shim vldb journal  
history of the rochester epidemiology project lj melton mayo clinic proceedings 1996.0 
communication-free parallelization via ane transformations aw lim ms lam   
missing information ( applicable and inapplicable ) in relational databases ef codd acm sigmod record 1986.0 
catalysis and combustion mechanism of coordination compounds vp sinditsky ae fogelzang vy egorshevâ ? ¦ proc . 21st int . pyrotechnical  
request routing in cache meshes c grimm js voeckler h pralle computer networks 1998.0 
document classification and interpretation through the inference of logic-based models g semeraro s ferilli n fanizzi f esposito lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
wimp interface for unix . he bez information and software technology 1988.0 
relational databases for querying xml documents : limitations and objectives j shanmugasundaram k tufte g he c zhang d proceedings of the 25th vldb conference  
h. pirahesh â ?? extensible query processing in starburstâ ?? l haas jc freytag gm lohman proceedings of the 1989 sigmod conference portland or. & hellip ;  
bushy trees : an analysis of strategy spaces and its implications for query optimization y ioannidis y kang  1991.0 
novel computer-based infrared pedestrian data-acquisition system ss mudally electronic letters  
1992 ontolingua : a mechanism to support portable ontologies t gruber technical report ksl 91-66 stanford university knowledge  
spatio-temporal retrieval with rasdaman p baumann a dehmel p furtado r ritsch n proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
low elevation angle 11 ghz beacon measurements at goonhilly earth station . dl bryant bt technology journal 1992.0 
naos : efficient and modular capabilities in an object-oriented database system c collet t coupaye t svensen 20 thint . conf . on vldb  
an open architecture for next-generation telecommunication services gw bond e cheung kh purdy p zave jc ramming acm transactions on internet technology 2004.0 
a survey for sodium potassium barium arsenic and selenium in canadian drinking water supplies ks subramanian jc mã © ranger at . spectrosc  
the incinerate data model hv jagadish acm transactions on database systems 1995.0 
the marketing scale effectiveness of virtual communities j bughin electronic markets 2001.0 
reducing buyer search costs : implications for electronic marketplaces jy bakos management science 1997.0 
using consultants to improve practice c knapper s piccinin new directions for teaching and learning  
a unified probabilistic framework for web page scoring systems m diligenti m gori m maggini ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
doodle if cruz proceedings of the 1992 sigmod  
classical thermodynamics and economic general equilibrium theory e smith dk foley   
swami ( poster session ) : a framework for collaborative filtering algorithm development and evaluation d fisher k hildrum j hong m newman m thomas r proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
synopsis diffusion for robust aggregation in sensor networks s nath pb gibbons s seshan z anderson proceedings of vldb 2004.0 
pricing of information services using real-time databases : a framework for integrating user p konana a gupta do stahl ab whinston   
energy exchanges and the general circulation fk hare geography  
multiversion integrated concurrecy control for hard real-time systems lc shu m young   
â ?? a condition that is not yetâ ?? : reactions reflections and closing comments ba quigley gw kuhne new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
multiple factors and latent structure wa gibson unpublished  
press ios wotug   
low pc tags have their price m fitzgerald computerworld  
analysis of the kernel estimation of the density of functions of random variables ia ahmad ar mugdadi  2000.0 
globdata : consistency protocols for replicated databases fd munoz-escã ³ ä ±   
a robotic inspector for low-level radioactive waste js byrd ro pettus 2 . conference and exposition/demonstration on robotics for & hellip ; 1996.0 
fertigkeit hã ¶ ren fernstudieneinheit 5 langenscheidt mã 1/4 nchen 1994 b dahlhaus   
using children 's theater to teach economics ja shotick g walsko social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
commercial models for ip quality of service interconnect b briscoe s rudkin bt technology journal 2005.0 
the quality of working life in japanese factories k koshiro see shirai  
incorporating developmental factors into models of accommodation and vergence pm riddell ja bullinaria submitted for publication 1999.0 
classifying images of materials : achieving viewpoint and illumination independence m varma a zisserman lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
on real-time transactions ja stankovic w zhao sigmod record 1988.0 
do not zero-pute : an efficient homespun mpeg-audio layer ii decoding and optimization strategy p de smet f rooms w philips   
characterisation of mine tailings in the king river system and delta and evaluation of their impact jr taylor tr weaver dc mcphail nc murphy mt lyell remediation research and demonstration project  
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization . acm sigmod intl p roy s seshadri s sundarshan s bhobe conference on management of data  
sql/mm saf-005 : information technology-database languages-sql multimedia and application packages - p cotton  1999.0 
the impact of global clustering on spatial database systems t brinkhoff hp kriegel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
a study to gather data for an accounting internship program for chippewa valley technical college bl thalacker  2001.0 
a bluetooth-based sensor network with web interface p ferrari a flammini d marioli e sisinni a ieee transactions on instrumentation and measurement 2005.0 
support vector clustering ab hur d horn ht siegelmann v vapnik journal of machine learning research  
regionale bewirtschaftung von biomasse eine stoffliche und energetische beurteilung der nutzung von d mã 1/4 ller d oehler p baccini vdf hochschulverlag an der eth zurich switzerland  
limits of detection of buried landmines based on local echo contrasts b sai i morrow p van genderen   
14â ?? 18 november 1993 . the fifth acm conference on hypertext proceedings acm siglink s sigir acm press seattle washington  
masked priming in the evaluation task : a switch from positive to negative priming due to speed - d wentura unpublished manuscript  
reforming welfare and rewarding work : final report on the minnesota family investment program . vol . l gennetian c miller new york ny : manpower demonstration research corporation & hellip ;  
a person-situation approach to altruistic behavior d romer cl gruder t lizzadro journal of personality and social psychology  
guaranteed qos synthesisâ ?? an example of a scalable core ip quality of service solution p hovell r briscoe g corliano bt technology journal 2005.0 
the excess burden of lottery finance st kim jm marshall   
the effects of streamwise concave curvature on turbulent boundary layer structure ah jeans jp johnston interim technical report massachusetts inst . of tech. & hellip ; 1982.0 
programming components with microsoft visual basic 6.0 g eddon h eddon  1998.0 
a confluence criterion based on the generalized newman lemma w kuchlin proc .  
optical considerations in line focus fresnel concentrators d buie   
qos-adaptive bandwidth scheduling in continuous media streaming w lee j srivastava h cha information & software technology  
daffe/clp/wp3 / wd ( 2001 ) 2 r by canada   
a. da silva c. redder g. gasparriy and l. rukhovets 1997 : maximum-likelihood estimation of d dee   
an identity based encryption scheme based on quadratic residues c cocks lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
what we value : a survey of one community 's beliefs c montgomery l plevyak social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
spiteful bidding in sealed-bid auctions f brandt t sandholm y shoham   
performance analysis of aimd mechanisms over a multi-state markovian path e altman k avrachenkov c barakat p dube e computer networks 2005.0 
conquer : efficient management of inconsistent databases a fuxman e fazli rj miller proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
intravascular coagulation in falciparum malaria n jaroonvesama lancet i 1972.0 
storms over europe : losses and scenarios a schraft e durand p hausmann  1993.0 
a uniform approach to processing temporal data u dayal g wuu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
the therapeutic community : study of effectiveness treatment research monograph # 84-1286 nida g deleon md  
hemodynamic and other determinant in development of left ventricular hypertrophy ed frohlich  1983.0 
spatial operators for selected data structures . rw claire sc guptill 5 th int . symp . comp . assisted cartography & int . soc . & hellip ; 1982.0 
on the feasibility of peer-to-peer web indexing and search j li bt loo jm hellerstein mf kaashoek dr lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
an information exploration environment sigmod report 25 ( 4 ) ca spotfire  1996.0 
structural evolution of a slow-spreading ridge g hirth b ildefonse be john pw trimby a submitted for publication  
how the church acts.â ?? ma as embodiment  1999.0 
odeview : a user-friendly graphical interface to ode r agrawal nh gehani j srinivasan proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1990.0 
photoemission in solids m cardona l leyâ ? ¦  1978.0 
the role of isdn in data networking chw everrett km blakey lnc morgan bt technology journal 1998.0 
re-tree : an efficient index structure for regular expressions cy chan m garofalakis r rastogi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
structured databases on the web : observations and implications kcc chang b he c li m patel z zhang sigmod record 2004.0 
nidovirales : a new order comprising coronaviridae and artetiviridae d cavanagh archives of virology 1997.0 
polymoprhism and type inferencein database programming . technicalreport universities of p buneman a ohori acm transaction on database  
corticosteroids for acute severe asthma in hospitalised patients r manser d reid m abramson cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
le positionnement de capteurs dans les systã ¨ mes industriels de grande dimension d maquin j fayolle m darouach j ragot proceedings of imacs congress villeneuve d &#39; ascq  
the evaluation of a self-restoring barrier rail installation summary final report mp strong mt stanley demonstration  
sediment-capped guyots in the mid-pacific mountains de karig mna peterson gg shor  1970.0 
reinforcement learning control of unknown dynamic systems qh wu ac pugh & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1993.0 
representation of the spectrum of fission neutrons from 235 u 239 pu and 252 cf and the reactor vd sevastâ ?? yanov at .  
analysis of the interactions of host plant resistance phytophagous and entomophagous species ap gutierrez see ref  
an overview of the real-time corba specification dc schmidt f kuhns   
knowledge gained by mothers enrolled in a home visitation program a hammond-ratzlaff a fulton adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
contemporary transportation macmillan publishing company jc johnson df wood new york  
technology speculation : uses and benefits . 8th rb ward international conference on management of technology iamot . & hellip ;  
electrical effects produced by plastic deformation in sodium chloride crystals je caffyn tl goodfellow phil . mag  
non-reflecting boundary conditions for the unsteady euler equations mb giles technical report cfdl-tr-88-1 massachusetts institute of  
ironic processes in the mental control of mood and mood-related thought dm wegner r erber s zanakos journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
powell family database ( posted at http://www . geocities . com/heartland/ranch / 3605/powell/family . htm dl minter  1750.0 
mocha : a database middleware systems featuring automatic deployment of application-specific m rodrãguez - martãnez n roussopoulos jm mcgann acm sigmod record 2000.0 
j. raddick c. stoughton j. vandenberh as szalay pz kunszt . the sdss skyserver : public access to the atjgt malik  2002.0 
evaluation of sctp multistreaming over satellite links m atiquzzaman w ivancic   
piecewise smooth surface reconstruction h hugues t derose t duchampâ ? ¦ computer graphics proceedings annual conference series 1994.0 
data in search of a theory : a critical examination of the relationships among social performance aa ullmann the academy of management review 1985.0 
ife dry wall chamber physics issues si krasheninnikov   
aj herbertson and his work jf unstead geography  
querying in highly mobile environments t imielinski b badrinath 18th proc . vldb ( aug. .  
cognitive states discourse structure and the content of dialogue a lascarides n asher   
government close-up : army tactics do n't compute j robertson electronic  
comments on bancilhon and spyratos ' `` update semantics and relational views '' . dvd version acmsa dvd acm trans . database syst. 1987.0 
fatal vascular catastrophe in ehlers-danlos syndrome : a case report and review pj wimmer ds howes dp rumoro m carbone journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
v-cms : a visual computational modeling system y chen  1996.0 
the power of sampling in knowledge discovery j kivinen h mannila   
land administration in kosovo-practice in cooperation and coordination fig and un/ece b andersson m meha wpla athens greece  
compaq : reality sinks in m hamblen k ohlson   
a yeast gene product fob 1 protein required for both replication fork blocking and recombinational t kobayashi t horiuchi genes to cells 1996.0 
revision 3.3 xtpp definition  1988.0 
vocational rehabilitation counselors in the state of wisconsin : their theoretical orientation the td fier  1999.0 
efficient filtering of xml documents forselective dissemination of information m altinel m franklin proc . the 26th intâ ?? l conf . on very large data bases  
metu object-oriented dbms kernel a dogac a altinel c ozkan proc . of intl. conf on database and expert systems & hellip ; 1995.0 
zero-one laws for binary random elds d coupier p doukhan b ycart   
seeking explanations in soar sr haynes   
pcs speed credit authorization process . r pastore computerworld. 1989.0 
steganalysis of audio based on audio quality metrics b sankur n memon   
the assessment of cellular proliferating by immunohistochemistry ; a review of currently available w al da levision  1992.0 
fools rush in ? the institutional context of industry creation he aldrich cm fiol the academy of management review 1994.0 
detours : binary interception of win32 functions g hunt   
homogeneous nucleation theory ff abraham academic new york  
stream : the stanford data stream management system a arasu b babcock s babu j cieslewicz m datar   
the cycle of fragmentation and sprawl : a conceptual framework and empirical model gf ulfarsson ji carruthers   
workforce development : the policy debate jl wills new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
characteristics of young deaf children and early intervention programs kl weiss mw goodwin df moores  1975.0 
robustness measure bounds for lyapunov-type state-feedback systems a abdul-wahab   
5 . 0 specification t revision  1988.0 
using run-time predictions to estimate queue wait times and improve scheduler performance w smith v taylor i foster lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
incremental maintenance of aggregate and outerjoin h gupta is mumick technical report stanford university  
2 . 135 day l & rechnitzer g ( 1999 ) evaluation of the tractor rollover protective structure rebate g regulation c uk   
reliably assessing reliability with sas software pm simpson pr phillips s lensing r hamer proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group international & hellip ;  
variable size block matching motion compensation with applications to video coding mh chan   
training needs assessment of the copper engineering group at adc j wachter  2001.0 
ing â ?? â ?? r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searchin proc a guttman acm sigmod  
virus taxonomy fa murphy cm fauquet dhl bishopâ ? ¦  2002.0 
coalitions in the organizational context jl pearce wb stevenson lw porter see lewicki  
optimizing relational queries in connection hypergraphs : nested queries views and binding jl han the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
changing the rules : transformations for rule-based query optimizers m cherniack sb zdonik proc . acm sigmod intã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents l conference of management of  
topology information condensation in hierarchical networks p van mieghem computer networks 1999.0 
kennard 0 . ( 1984 ) . hydrogen-bond geometry in organic crystals r taylor acc . chem . res  
when no news is good news . j kirchner pc  
concurrent and resettable zero-knowledge in poly-logarithmic rounds j kilian e petrank   
an emergency nurse 's pain management initiative : mercy hospital 's experience p spurlock journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
distance learning : a chi 97 special interest group l neal j ramsay j preece acm sigchi bulletin 1997.0 
2000 pilze einfach bestimmen r winkler at  
scalable summary based retrieval in p2p networks w mã 1/4 ller m eisenhardt a henrich proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
local-area networks : goal shifts to teamwork d terrie computerworld  
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents birch : an efficient data clustering method for very large databasesã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents t zhang r ramakrishnan m linvy proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data acm press  
oscillating seaport location in nigeria b ogundana geography 1942.0 
its possibilities and limits.â ?? h intervention  1994.0 
soot-a java optimization framework r vallee-rai l hendren v sundaresan p lam e proceedings of cascon  
`` smart clothing '' : wearable multimedia computing and `` personal imaging '' to restore the technological s mann   
stimulation by thyroid hormone of phosphate transport in primary cultured renal cells l noronha-blob v lowe b sacktor   
visdb : a system for visualizing large databases system demonstration da keim hp kriegel proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data san jose & hellip ;  
resource scheduling in enhanced pay-per-view mn garofalakis a silberschatz   
a compress on techn que for large statist cal data-bases sj eggers f olken a shoshani proc . of vldb  
internet pricing and the history of communications am odlyzko computer networks 2001.0 
some visual displays of two-by-two data : predicting later violent behavior jh derzon new directions for program evaluation 1997.0 
mining web informative structures and contents based on entropy analysis hy kao sh lin jm ho ms chen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
covering indexes for branching path expressions r kaushik p bohannon jf naughton hf korth proc . of acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data  
the current state of project management research : trends interpretations and predictions tj kloppenborg wa opfer project management journal 2002.0 
preference sql-design implementation experiences g kã ¶ stler i tower w kieã?ling   
assessment of content knowledge in the industrial enterprise practicum course at uw-stout rj locy  2000.0 
interactive retrieval of 3d shape models using physical objects h ichida y itoh y kitamura f kishino proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
camera calibration for lane and obstacle detection s ernst c stiller j goldbeck c roessig   
keynote address . jr moore j audiov media med 1978.0 
deferred maintenance . hh kaiser new directions for higher education 1980.0 
quantum chromodynamics fj yndurã ¡ in  1983.0 
conservative versus operative treatment for hip fractures mj parker hh handoll a bhargara cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
aspect-oriented requirements engineering for component-based software systems j grundy   
laying out and visualizing large trees using a hyperbolic space j lamping r rao proceedings of the 7th annual acm symposium on user & hellip ; 1994.0 
maya-lenca ethnic relations in late classic period copan honduras ai gerstle  1988.0 
design automation for mixed hardware-software systems j adams d thomas electronic design  
control layer primitives for the layered multimedia data model mj wynblatt ga schloss proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
stripes : an efficient index for predicted trajectories jm patel y chen vp chakka proc . acm sigmod 2004.0 
2.0 specification oompf version   
redo recovery after system crashes db lomet mr tuttle vldb 1995.0 
puget sound regional council ia work seattle washington ( november  
multicast routing in internetworks and extended lans se deering   
indoor and ambient air sampling and analysis plan for the old milltown mall p associates seattle washington : prezant associates  
self-organizing data sharing communities with sagres : system demonstration z ives a levy j madhavan r pottinger s saroiu proc . of sigmod page  
multimedia service composition : a brave new topic wt balke k nahrstedt   
practical educational uses of the open distributed network monitor p minaie j kallman j truppi s dascalu f harris procs . of the intl. conf . on education and information & hellip ;  
opening remarks : third international conference on nutrition and fitness w clay athens greece may  
a. broder '' summary cache : a scalable wide-area web cache sharing protocol l fan p cao j almeida proceedings of acm sigcomm  
managing system and active-content integrity jr michener t acar   
accelerating india 's fertility decline : the role of temporary contraceptive methods kb pathak g feeney ny luther   
information technology d lassner new directions for higher education 2000.0 
traffic grooming in wdm unidirectional paths and rings with min-max cost objective b chen g rouskas r dutta proceedings of networking 2004 athens greece  
a comparison of self-esteem lability and low trait self-esteem as vulnerability factors for ac butler je hokanson ha flynn journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
the relational and network approaches : comparison of the application programming interfaces cj date ef codd proceedings of the 1975 acm sigfidet ( now sigmod ) workshop & hellip ; 1975.0 
development plan for the uk air trac control system 1994 ca authority   
on the comparison of association rule hiding techniques ed pontikakis vs verykios y theodoridis hellenic database management symposium athens greece  
analysis of dynamic hashing with deferred splitting e veklerov acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
microsoft windows programmierung fur experten d solomon  1999.0 
studying world war ii in the elementary school . curriculum concerns . me haas jk tiptonâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
a mode analyzing algebraic simplification program ac hearn proc .  
the minnesota family investment program : three-year follow-up findings on child and family outcomes la gennetian c miller  2001.0 
the measurement of information systems effectiveness : evaluating a measuring instrument je scott   
hipac : combining active databases and time constraints u dayal b blaustein a buchmann s chakravarthy acm sigmod record  
picture quality improvement in mpeg-4 video coding using simple adaptive filter kk kwon ds lim proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
a component-based development framework for supporting functional and non-functional analysis in j fredriksson m tivoli i crnkovic proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
caprera : an activity framework for transaction processing on wide-area networks proceedings of the s kumar e kwang d agrawal athens greece august  
extracting large-scale knowledge bases from the web r kumar p raghavan s rajagopalan a tomkins vldb 1999.0 
abstractions for multimedia database systems t rakow w klas e neuhold   
index access with a finite buer gm sacco 13th international conference on very large data  
global optimization of histograms hv jagadish h jin bc ooi kl tan   
fundamentals of broadcast ofdm r wesel j cioffi proc . 29th asilomar conf . on signals systems and computers & hellip ;  
the '' end of geography '' in financial services ? local embeddedness and territorialization in the p agnes economic geography  
international programming for microsoft windows da schmitt  2000.0 
s. lin . automaticsynthesisofasynchronous circuits kj linandc proc . of 28th dac  
classification and learning of similarity measures mm richter   
on the existence and uniqueness of solutions of mcshane stochastic integral equations g constantin r negrea   
cooperative caching for k-nn search in ad hoc networks b yang ar hurson proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
object-oriented techniques in hardware design s kumar jh aylor bw johnson   
the transaction costs theory of joint ventures : an empirical study of japanese subsidiaries in the jf hennart management science 1991.0 
phylip manual j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
extending the entity-relational model to capture spatial semantics t hadzilacos n tryfona sigmod record  
internet commerce basics d guay j ettwein electronic markets 1998.0 
microwave radiation of the earth 's surface in the presence of vegetation cover kp kirdiashev aa chukhlantsev am shutko radiotekhnika i elektronika 1979.0 
efficient simulation of system level models via bisimulation preserving transformations s sharad sk shukla submitted for  
quasi-phonemic contrasts in spanish ji hualde   
a framework for categorizing and computing geographical locality for web resources c wang x xie z hua l wang y lu wy ma   
factorization of the popov function of a multivariable linear distributed parameter system in the l pandolfi   
organization and management of systems prototyping pj mayhew pa dearnly information and software technology 1990.0 
ilog : declarative creation and manipulation of object identifiers r hull m yoshikawa vldb 1990.0 
impact of an education program about domestic violence on nurses and doctors in an australian gl roberts b raphael jm lawrence bo ` toole do ' journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
efficient bundle sorting y matias e segal js vitter   
architecture for a multimedia teleconferencing system la vi jj garcia-luna-aceves d moran ej proc . acm sigcomw86 symposium aug  
view in a theory of justice a least this is rawlsâ ?? s   
writing secure code 2 ( 2 ndedition ) â ?? ch 5 10 and 23 m howard dc leblanc microsoft  
an aspect-based approach to modeling access control concerns i ray r france n li g georg   
the boundary of subtropical zone in china q baojian geography  
design and implementation of rock & roll : a deductive object-oriented database system ml barja aaa fernandes nw paton mh williams   
tracking and data ass ociation academic press y barâ ?? shalom t fortmann inc. san diego  
towards desktop personal travel agents dt ndumu jc collis h nwana bt technology journal 1998.0 
calcium antagonists for aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage gj rinkel vl feigin a algra m vermeulen j van cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
fast discrete signal transforms and monomial representations of finite groups s egner m pã 1/4 schel submitted for  
higher excited states of polyatomic molecules ( academic new york 1974 ) mb robin vol .  
panel : â ?? from perception to visualizationâ ?? nd gershon proc . acm siggraph computer graphics  
research : some issues pm wortman ds cordray new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
an implementation andperformance analysisof spatialdata access '' inproc d greene acm sigmod  
there are cracks but the glass ceiling is still mostly intact c marenghi computerworld  
enhancing on-line learning for individuals with disabilities jm brown new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
_ _ basem a. nay & h monica s. lam ; and kunlc oh & o : tun . software and hardware for exploiting j opiinger d heine sw liao technical report csl-tr-97-715 stanford university computer  
autonomic index management s lifschitz mav salles   
acute l-thyroxine overdose ; therapy with sodium ipodate : evaluation of clinical and physiologic pd berkner h starkman n person journal of emergency medicine 1991.0 
adaptive reduction parallelization h yu l rauchwerger proc . 14th acm intl. conf . on supercomputing  
what is the role of stimulant laxatives in the management of childhood constipation and soiling kj price tm elliott cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
the role of faculty development programs in helping teachers to improve student learning through ea caldwell md sorcinelli new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
cross-cultural nongeneralizations mq patton new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
speech recognition : finding its voice g alwang pc magazine-american edition - 1998.0 
least index resolution of degeneracy in linear complementarity problems yy chang & hellip ; operations research stanford university technical report  
jorwerd : the death of the village in late twentieth-century europe . ( 288 p ) g mak  2001.0 
secure group communication using key graphs . proccedings of the siggcom conference vancouver ck wong m gouda ss lam  1998.0 
homotopy algebras via resolutions of operads available as math m markl   
how welfare and work policies affect employment and income : a synthesis of research . d bloom c michalopoulos  2001.0 
comparing caching techniques for multitasking real-time systems cs.rochester.edu   
assessing social-psychological classroom environments in program evaluation gd haertel hj walberg new directions for program evaluation 1988.0 
recent bt patents l xu bt technology journal 2004.0 
keutzer and white : estim . of average switching activity in comb . and seq. circuits d ghosh proc . of the 29th dac  
hyperbaric oxygen for carbon monoxide poisoning dn juurlink mb stanbrook ma mcguigan cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
b. dom and m. gorkani '' query by image and video content : the qbic system '' m flickner h sawhney w niblack j ashley q ieee computer  
numerical and experimental studies on adiabatic and nonadiabatic capillary tubes with hfc-134 a e dirik c inan my tanes proc int refrig conf 1994.0 
biol . 1995 252 248â ?? 262 ; c ) gr desiraju zs derewenda l lee u derewenda j mol acc . chem . res  
study to evaluate sensitivity analysis algorithms for low-cost structural design and optimisation r spence kj zimmermann  1977.0 
contextual learning in honeybees under laboratory conditions f hellstern d wã 1/4 stenberg m hammer learning and memory . proceedings of the 23rd gã ¶ ttingen  
toxicity trends during an oil spill bioremediation experiment on a sandy shoreline in delaware usa a mearns k doe w fisher r hoff k lee r siron proceedings  
organizational improvisation and organizational memory c moorman as miner the academy of management review 1998.0 
making connections with memory boxes a whatley social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
the problem with landscape : some philosophical and practical questions s harrison geography-london - 1999.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?probabilistic analysis of large finite state machines ã cents â ? ¬ â ? 31st acm/ieee design gd hachtel e macii a pardo f somenzi  1994.0 
teacher education : one deanâ ?? s perspective and forecast on the state of technology and teacher prep a glenn electronic learning  
traversal recursion : a practical approach to suporting recursive applications a rose861 rosenthal s heiler u dayal f manola acm sigmod int . conf. austin texas may  
& frost ac ( 1937 ) : glass in architecture and decoration ( l : ap ) r mcgrath   
guiding principles for evaluators dl newman ma scheirer wr shadish c wye new directions for program evaluation  
inhibiting and facilitating conditions of the human smile : a nonobtrusive test of the facial f strack ll martin s stepper journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
higher education as a field of study : its origins programs and purposes 1893-1960 lf goodchild new directions in higher education 1991.0 
uber die diaphanoskopische untersuchung der weiblichen beckenorgane j schramm-vogelsang mit demonstration seines neuen diaphanoskops . zentralblatt & hellip ;  
into the woods : visual surveillance of noncooperative and camouflaged targets in complex outdoor te boult rj michaels x gao m eckmann proceedings-ieee 2001.0 
source acm sigmod record archive w chen j naughton pa bernstein acm sigmod record 2000.0 
xml repository and active views demonstration jc mamou c souza s abiteboul v aguilera s proceedings of the 25th vldb conference edinburgh uk 1999.0 
improving availability bounds using the failure distance concept j carrasco procs . of the dcca4 int . conf. janary  
die tagebã 1/4 cher von joseph goebbels e frã ¶ hlich teil i  
combining aggregate and survey data s ansolabehere rd rivers  1991.0 
utilizing clinical factors to reduce head ct scan ordering for minor head trauma patients ec miller jf holmes rw derlet journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
digital city or urban simulator ? digital cities a aurigi lecture notes in computer  
implementing classroom research in a state university : a developmental process . e berry new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
photochemical and chemical studies on the chromophore of bacteriorhodopsin t schreckenbach d oesterhelt federation proceedings 1977.0 
quest : a project on database mining r agrawal   
the mechanism of particle formation in production of powders by rotating electrode process m narla powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ; 1980.0 
the role of pioneer neurons in the development of mouse visual cortex and corpus callosum j deng aj elberger anatomy and embryology 2001.0 
molecular recognition andchemistry inrestricted reaction spaces . photophysicsand photoinduced n turro acc . chem . res  
activation frame memory management for the monsoon processor . master 's thesis dt chiou  1992.0 
determining the specificity of nouns from text sa caraballo e charniak proceedings sigdat 1999.0 
scalable update propagation in epidemic replicated databases m rabinovich nh gehani a kononov & hellip ; on extending database technology : advances in database & hellip ; 1996.0 
homology studies on insect egg systems g krause see ref  
developing and maintaining accelerated degree programs within traditional institutions wj husson t kennedy new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
two approaches to bringing internet services to wap devices e kaasinen m aaltonen j kolari s melakoski t www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
distribution and growth of stone pine in greece . 14ht session of fao committee of sylva l romanas athens greece  
scheduling policies an on-demand server with in ad sitaram p shahabuddin proceedings acm multimedia  
fate of nitrate in subsurface academic press hb pionke rr lowrance san diego  
direct algorrthmi for computmg the transrtlve closure of database relations a agrawal hv jagadlsh proc international conference on very large data bases  
should computer scientists experiment more ? wf tichy ieee computer 1998.0 
insurer â ?? liesâ ?? to avoid year 2000 costs t ouellette computerworld  
incorporating updates in domain indexes : experiences with oracle spatial r-trees rkv kothuri s ravada n an data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
processing temporal queries in the context of object-oriented databases l wang m wing c davis n revell information and software technology 1999.0 
9685 scranton road i accelrys san diego  
com + v1 . 0 com services d cameron technical report microsoft corporation  
prostacyclin and analogues for acute ischaemic stroke . pm bath fj bath cochrane database syst .  
broadcast news transcription in mandarin l chen l lamel g adda jl gauvain   
recent bt patents r hatton bt technology journal 2000.0 
1994 . the impact of global clustering on spatial database systems t brinkho hp kriegel proc . 20th int . conf . on very large data  
values and methods : evaluation and management perspectives wd neigher w metlay new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
extending logging for database snapshot refresh int b kahler o risnes conf on vldb brighton september  
promis 1.6 userâ ?? s guide g hobler p pichler k wimmer technical university  
the nonlinear dynamics of focussed wave groups in two and three dimensions tb johannessen c swan submitted for  
timeless moral imperatives in causal analysis of social functioning e smikum  2000.0 
supporting application development in the semantic web d oberle s staab r studer r volz acm transactions on internet 2004.0 
ethernet controller adds communications to scsi bus . t russ electronic design 1988.0 
web sites dt der fourier-transformation i teil ii wird die acc . chem . res 2003.0 
tissue distribution and quantification of the expression of mrnas of peroxisome proliferator - j rieusset l fajas p vallier v frering jp diabetes-new  
embedded local search and variable neighborhood search heuristics applied to the travelling salesman ek burke pi cowling r keuthen unpublished manuscript  
on completeness query languages j clifford a croker a tuzhilin acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
on ergodicity of some tar ( 2 ) processes n kunitomo submitted for publication 2001.0 
with accumulator 2 t accumulator   
an integrating transformation-oriented approach to concurrency control and undo in group editors m ressel d nitsche-ruhland r gunzenhauser  1996.0 
boat-optimistic decision tree construction j gehrke v ganti r ramakrishnan wy loh   
context sensitive document analysis in the www environment n milic-frayling r sommerer r ms microsoft technical report : msr-tr-2001-63 june 2001 http : / /  
the last question on recursively enumerable many-one degrees a nies algebra i logika  
innovative stabilization and functionalization s ystems for ag-films n lelliâ ? ¦ proc . of 29th nat . agric . plastics  
spectral representations of linear features for generalisation e fritsch jp lagrange lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
optical limiting in media with absorbing microparticles k mansour ew van stryland mj soileau proc . spie 1989.0 
part two : should adult and continuing education strive for professionalization ? . m collins rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
language from within : a handbook of teaching strategies for personal growth and self reflection in b galyean  1976.0 
nist standard referencedatabase17â ?? 2q98 nist gaithersburg f westley j herron d frizzell r hampson g md  
intra-and interorganizational cooperation : toward a research agenda kg smith sj carroll sj ashford the academy of management journal 1995.0 
query processmg ma relauonal database management system k youssefi e wong proceedmgs of 1979 vldb conference  
sugar canes bt roach see ref  
rsim : simulating shared-memory multiprocessors with ilp processors cj hughes vs pai   
experiments on the interference of light hf talbot phil . mag  
the moderatorâ ?? mediator variable distinctioninsocialpsychologicalresearch : conceptual strategic rm baron da kenny journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
the birds of san diego county : san diego society of natural history p unitt san diego ca  
an analysis of competencies performed by administrative professionals for the administrative jkh taylor  2001.0 
the affective consequences of social comparison : either direction has its ups and downs bp buunk rl collins se taylor nw vanyperen ga journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
human resource development practitioners should strive for certification ad ellinger new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
optimum usage and an action plan for tungsten under indian context dvr rajkumar s prasad powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ; 1980.0 
motivating faculty to improve the quality of teaching . a lucas new directions for teaching and learning ( 37 ) 1989.0 
legion : an operating system for wide-area computing a knabe m humphrey ieee computer  
graphcut textures : image and video synthesis using graph cuts v kwatra a schodl i essa g turk a bobick   
latent variable modeling and cross-national differences in college-level academic performance sa hecht international journal of educational research 2001.0 
models and issues in data streaming systems b babcock s babu r motwani j widom sigmod record  
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions proceedings of the 22 ndvldb ay levy a rajaraman jj ordille mumbai ( bombay )  
vulcan : binary transformation in a distributed environment a edwards a srivastava h vo   
shape optimal design for a fluid-heat coupled system d chenais j monnier jp vila applied mathematics and computer science 1996.0 
critical thinking : toward research and dialogue c furedy jj furedy new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
prostaglandins for prevention of postpartum haemorrhage am gulmezoglu f forna j villar gj hofmeyr cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
coma : panel discussion hu keller study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
supporting exceptions to behavioral schema consistency to ease schema evolution in oodbms e amiel mj bellosta e dujardin e simon proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
ata a names at  
logistic regression and weights of evidence modeling in mineral exploration fp agterberg gf bonham-carter proc . 28th intern . symp  
international forum on coating science and technology w limin c xichong athens greece  
fabrication of cmos on ultrathin soi obtained by epitaxial lateral overgrowth and chemical - g shahidi   
mag . 46 17 ( 1955 ) [ cas ] ; jm freeman jm freeman phil . mag  
introduction to hilbert space pr halmos   
a framework for level set segmentation of volume datasets r whitaker d breen k museth n soni proceedings of acm intnl . wkshp .  
thermo-mechanical evolution of oceanic lithosphere : implications for the subduction process and deep s stein ca stein subduction top to bottom 1996.0 
may 1980 . a coding discipline for microprocessors j brakefield ieee  
advances in p/m and particulate materials o mars s bengtsson a bergmark proc . int . conf. vancouver mpif  
1 . p. vlahavas a non-uniform data fragmentation strategy for parallel main-menory database systems n bassiliades proc .  
tracing the lineage of vlew data in a warehousing environment y cui j widom jl wiener technical report stanford university database group november  
attitude strength and resistance processes em pomerantz s chaiken rs tordesillas journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
town brook relief tunnel designing for anoxia and h 2 s generation tg barker water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
career forum a labrinidis acm sigmod record 2001.0 
an outline of a general model for information retrieval jy nie proceedings of acm sigir  
differential expression of zap-70 and syk protein tyrosine kinases ( ptks ) and the role of this ac chan nsc van oers la turka cl law ea clark  1993.0 
immunolocalization of proliferating perisinusoidal cells in rat liver sj johnson je hines ad burt the histochemical journal 1992.0 
common-sense theory formation : towards understanding baseball em soloway em riseman & hellip ; of massachusetts coins technical report 75c-5 amherst  
a neural cocktail-party processor c malsburg w schneider biological cybernetics 1986.0 
ratio rules : a new paradigm for fast f korn a labrinidis y kotidis c faloutsos quantifiable data mining in vldb new york ny  
the conventional ils - so what 's new ( ils capability improvements on localizer and glide-slope antenna jb battistelli national aerospace meeting washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
generation of geometric model by registration and integration of multiple range images t masuda 3-d digital imaging and modeling 2001 . proceedings . third & hellip ; 2001.0 
low disturbance audio for awareness and privacy in media space applications ie smith se hudson   
query optimization for semistructured data j mchugh j widom proc . vldb 1999.0 
comprehensive colour image normalization gd finlayson b schiele jl crowley lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
use of a component architecture in integrating relational and non-relational r atkinson proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
backward step : the right direction for production workflow systems r muehlberger me orlowska b kiepuszewski   
biological control agents of russian wheat aphid in syria and turkey ks pike lk tanigoshi rh miller s kornosor proceedings 6 th rwa workshop january 23 â ?? 25 1994 fort & hellip ;  
towards a revised cen standard for electronic health record communication d kalra g freriks d lloyd g klein t beale s procs mobile-health europe  
critical thinking and collaborative learning ce nelson new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
discrete ridgelet transforms for image representation mn do m vetterli submitted for publication 2001.0 
tengger support of design-through-code [ uml through java ] for feature-oriented separation of w harrison c barton m raghavachari oopsla  
economic restructuring and black male joblessness in us metropolitan areas j johnson m oliver urban geography  
parametrisierung evolutionarer strategien fur die registrierung von wirbelknochen in ultraschall und s winter b brendel b illerhaus a al-amin h   
culture and cause : american and chinese attributions for social and physical events mw morris k peng journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
professional development artistry and style . rg brockett new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
entropy of he 2 and universality near the superfluid in he ( 4 ) al singaas ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1984.0 
guide to multimedia : how it changes the way we teach and learn ? i bruder electronic learning  
working with parents of conduct-disordered children : a collaborative process c webster-stratton & hellip ; manuscript university of washington seattle washington  
enhanced data types in predator p seshadri vldb journal  
xxl-a library approach to supporting efficient implementations of advanced database queries j van den bercken b blohsfeld jp dittrich j proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
gendered fishing among the meriam : implications for sexual division of foraging labor r bliege bird d bird  2001.0 
adapting to the revolution of equal opportunity for the handicapped . cw bailey new directions for higher education 1979.0 
a fatal incuriosity m dowd ny times new york ny usa . september  
performance monitoring for in-life capacity management dj chown j graham bt technology journal 2002.0 
theoretical studies of optical phenomena and related inverse problems of solar system bodies ( m kaasalainen s jamsa k lumme k muinonen j oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
pattern matching for program generation : a user manual tj biggerstaff   
the content and access dynamics of a busy web server ( poster session ) vn padmanabhan l qiu proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;  
on the criteria for selecting the site of the annual sigmod conference rh katz acm sigmod record 1981.0 
object-oriented encapsulation for dynamically typed languages n scharli ap black s ducasse   
virtual manufacturing gm bayliss a bowyer ri taylor pj willis proceedings csg 1994.0 
â ?? real time surveillance in multiple non-overlapping cameras o javed z rasheed o alatas a hakeem m shah demonstration in cvpr  
a high-level hardware design methodology using c++ 4th high level design validation and test r roth d ramanathan san diego  
marketing and retention strategies for adult degree programs ja brown new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
representation of three-dimensional digital images sn srihari acm computing surveys ( csur ) 1981.0 
a profile of the regional bioscience industry sm day  2001.0 
the humanism of cp snow wf hall wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
disciplines with an affinity for the improvement of undergraduate education jm braxton new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
the rialto virtual memory system rp draves g odinak sm cutshall   
multicystic dysplastic kidney m mentser j mahan s koff pediatric nephrology 1994.0 
federal perspectives on child obesity r carmona presentation  
a discounting method for reducing the eect of distribution variability in probability-level data k copsey procs . of eurofusion  
sept. 16â ?? 22 1979 . ???? ???? 1979 ussr region   
introduction : bringing programming to end users a sypher watch what i do : programming by  
design of algorithms for spatial-time reduction complexity of dynamic programming l moreno l acosta jl sanchez   
dimension of the solution set for differential inclusions z dzedzej b gelman demonstration math  
making sense and making use of feedback from focus groups r tiberius new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
endovascular repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms : where do we stand ? mh seelig wa oldenburg ag hakaim jw hallett a mayo clinic proceedings 1999.0 
an evaluation system for application specific architectures a de gloria p faraboschi   
olap relational and multidimensional database systems g colliat sigmod record 1996.0 
the overhead of locking ( and commit ) protocols in distributed databases . o wolfson acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
r-tree . an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles hpk nobertbeckmann bs ralfschneider proceedings of the 1990 acm  
the functional model and the dab language daplex dw ishipmanbll shipman acm trans . database syst  
gene duplications in evolution of archaeal family b dna polymerases dr edgell hp klenk wf doolittle   
selective disruption of neural synchronization by means of repeated transient phase reset pa tass df russell u barnikol a neimann t  2005.0 
synthesizing database transactions x qian vldb 1990.0 
the ï ? operator : discovering and ranking associations k anyanwu a sheth   
compt . rend . 240 963 ( 1955 ) [ cas ] ; h. de-waard n marty phil . mag  
the abcs of small grant acquisition for social studies teachers . middle level learning . b sliger social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
exploiting network proximity in peer-to-peer networks m castro p drushel yc hu a rowstron technical report msr-tr-2002-82 microsoft research  
causes of epilepsy : contributions of the rochester epidemiology project jf annegers wa rocca wa hauser mayo clinic proceedings 1996.0 
from unsupervised learning to data mining : linking cognition and data analysis l talavera proceedings of jornades dâ ?? intelligencia artificial : noves & hellip ; 1997.0 
randomized experiments in the federal courts ea lind new directions for program evaluation  
chemical properties division national institute of standards and technology gaithersburg kk irikura p synspec   
using iterated irs model reduction techniques to calculate eigensolutions mi friswell sd garvey jet penny proc . spie 1997.0 
death and the loss of civilized prã © dation among the piaroa of the orinoco basin j overing see ref 1993.0 
practical aspects on a nd : yag laser robot for sheet metal welding q huang bym karnermo ho skoog & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
design of radex-realtime database experimental system r sivasankaran b purimetla j stankovic k  1998.0 
studies on the distribution of calcitonin gene-related peptide-like and substance p-like s forsgren a bergh e carlsson le thornell the histochemical journal 1992.0 
isis : interface for a semantic information system kj goldman sa goldman pc kanellakis sb zdonik proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1985.0 
a csp and z combined modeling of document exchange processes in e-commerce protocols x wang sc cheung j wei information & software technology 2002.0 
overcoming the obstacles of zero-knowledge watermark detection a adelsbach m rohe ar sadeghi proceedings of acm multimedia security workshop 2004.0 
a robust category guesser for dutch medical language p spyns   
rainbow smelt ( osmerus mordax ) spawning habitat in the weymouth-fore river bc chase ar childs massachusetts division of marine fisheries technical report & hellip ;  
the olympic games in ancient greece : ancient olympia and the olympic games n gialoures  1982.0 
searching a minimal subset of a set of partial values fsc tseng alp chen wp yang the international journal of very large data bases | the vldb  
active modeling of 3-d objects : planning on the next best pose ( nbp ) for acquiring range images h zha k morooka t hasegawa t nagata 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1997 . proceedings. & hellip ; 1997.0 
the nuclear matrix and chromosomal dna loops : is their any correlation between partitioning of the sv razin cellular and molecular biology letters 2001.0 
some algorithmic aspects of subspace identification with inputs a chiuso g picci   
trt update course pj jastreboff mm jastreboff san diego april  
automatic direct and indirect schema mapping : experiences and lessons learned dw embley l xu y ding sigmod record 2004.0 
another look at data-bases nh minsky   
the university of miami . et footeâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1988.0 
measurement of low yield neutron pulses from dâ ?? d fusion reactions using a 3 he proportional j moreno l birstein re mayer p silva l soto  2003.0 
staggered striping in multimedia information systems s berson s ghandeharizadeh r muntz x ju proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
the numbers game r garner d weldon computerworld  
queuing systems vol . 1 l kleinrock i :  
kyzioz . shtsls ; l jb z daszkiewicz a domanski jb kyziol org . prep . proc . int  
be silva critical point theorems and applications to differential equations ea de ph-d thesis wisconsin university  
director in your pocket : holistic help for the hapless home videographer b adams s venkatesh proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
modern client-server dbms n roussopoulos sigmod record  
preparing instructors for online instruction ad fein mc logan new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
workshop report : the first international workshop on active and real-time database systems ( artdb-95 m berndtsson j hansson sigmod record 1996.0 
existential interpretation ys gurevich algebra i logika  
carbon dioxide capture from power stations ieaggrd programme isbn  
the interaction of dislocations and boundaries ak head phil . mag  
efficient 3d computation of electrostatic fields and forces in microsystems eth zurich m bã $ chtold isbn 3-907574-17-6 zurich switzerland  
spatial data mining : progress and challenges survey paper k koperski j adhikary j han   
influence of mass ratio and structural comparability on the severity of injuries sustained by the f hartemann jy foret-bruno c thomas c tarriere procs 23 rdstapp car crash  
a proof engine approach to solving combinational design automation problems p bjesse g andersson b cook z hanna proc ieee/acm design automation conference  
the ferns and fern-allies of maryland and delaware including district of columbia . reed herbarium cf reed md  
synthetic pet imaging for grasping : from primate neurophysiology to human behavior ma arbib ah fagg st grafton submitted for publication 2000.0 
enforcing small print to protect big business : employee and consumer rights claims in an age of ds schwartz wisconsin law review 1997.0 
bridging the lexical chasm : statistical approaches to answer-finding a berger r caruana d cohn d freitag v mittal proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
a single nucleotide polymorphism at the splice donor site of the human myh base excision repair gene s yamaguchi k shinmura t saitoh s takenoshita genes to cells 2002.0 
streaming raid : a disk storage system for video and audio files fa tobagi j pang r baird m gang proceedings of acm  
interpreting functional languages in interaction nets l huang procs of icycs pages  
ordering points to identify the clustering structure proc m ankerst mm breunig hp kriegel js optics acm  
rapid sequence induction in the emergency department l powell p holt journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 
methamphetamine-related stroke : four cases-non-hypertensive causes ja perez el arsura s strategos journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
data/knowledge packets as a means of supporting semantic heterogeneity in multidatabase systems d weishar l kerschberg sigmod record 1991.0 
staff development : addressing issues of race and gender . dd amstutz new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
ibm speeds up virtual tape system n dillon   
tommaso toffoli and norman h. margolus . invertible cellular automata : a review t und margolus  1990.0 
modern developments in fluid mechanics s goldstein vol .  
a framework for information visualisation jb kennedy kj mitchell pj barclay sigmod record 1996.0 
a contingency model for the selection of decision strategies lr beach tr mitchell the academy of management review 1978.0 
george orwell 's opaque glass in '' 1984 '' jo lyons g orwell wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
rate of convergence of polyharmonic splines to polysplines o kounchev h render   
opportunity buys loyalty j wexler computerworld  
from structured documents to novel query facilities v christophides s abiteboul s cluet m scholl sigmod conference 1994.0 
the problem of liberalism and the good . hs richardson see  
dampening status influence using a group support system : an empirical study bcy tan kk wei rt watson proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1993.0 
power minimization using simultaneous gate sizing dual-vdd and dual-vth assignment a srivastava d sylvester d blaauw   
formal verification of transformations for peephole optimization a dold fw von henke h pfeifer h ruess lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
university of washington a whiteley seattle washington . personal communication  
yu . a. nikolaev et al. â ?? influence of neutron flux density on radiation embrittlement of vvã?r -440 va nikolaenko ea krasikov at .  
qualcomm-icsi-ogi features for asr a adami l burget s dupont h garudadri f grezl   
no silver bullet virtualschool.edu   
language features for flexible handling of exceptions in information a borgida systems acm transactions on database systems  
reynolds number effects on a turbulent boundary layer with separation reattachment s song jk eaton  2002.0 
the quest for correct information on the web : hyper search engines m marchiori www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
contention-based reservation protocols in fiber optic local area networks with passive star topology hb jeon ck un electronic lett 1990.0 
next generation database systems wo n't work without semantics ! ( panel ) j mylopoulos proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1998.0 
a conceptual model for the co-maturation of it and fm processes j hinks & hellip ; of international conference facilities management in & hellip ;  
li 1 s photoionization and photoexcitation with satellites ( abstract only ) s aksela h aksela m levasalmi y furusawa a proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
organizational social capital and employment practices cr leana hj van buren iii the academy of management review 1999.0 
the power of partnering : vision commitment and action jg sujansky  1991.0 
tropical corn plant population/nitrogen fertilizer . p. 17-18 gm prine & hellip ; lands agricultural research/demonstration project first year & hellip ;  
high-concurrency in r-trees m kornacker d banks proc . 21th international conference on vldb  
giving legs to the legacyâ ?? web services integration within the enterprise j calladine bt technology journal 2004.0 
career academies : impacts on students ' engagement and performance in high school . jj kemple jc snipes  2000.0 
optimization ofqueries with user-defined predicates s chaudhuri k shim proc . ofthe conf . on very large data bases  
on interative proofs with a loconic power o goldreich s vadhan a wigderson proc . of the 28th icalp  
soil resource h jenny  1986.0 
efficient spatial query processing in geographic database systems . acms anthology   
taxonomy and classification of human astrocytic gliomas on the basisof gene expression s godard g getz h kobayashi p farmer m   
on-the-fly constraint mapping across web query interfaces z zhang b he kcc chang proceedings of the vldb workshop on information integration & hellip ; 2004.0 
xxl-a library approach to supporting e cient implementations of advanced database queries j van den bercken b blohsfeld jp dittrich j proc . of the vldb seiten  
rocuronium for rapid sequence intubation of emergency department patients-a comparison with jc sakles eg laurin aa rantapaa ea panacek journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
the epley ( canalith repositioning ) manoeuvre for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo m hilton d pinder cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
characterization of acid mine drainage big south fork national river and recreation area kentucky ss papadopulos i associates phase i report  
introductory combinatorics kp bogart   
development and trial of groupware for organizational design and management : distributed and j munemori y nagasawa information and software technology 1991.0 
parallel evolution of multi-join queries anwj flokstra pmg apers acm sigmod  
â ?? note on x-rays and scattered x-rays cg barkla phil . mag  
a trace semantics for long-running transactions m butler t hoare c ferreira   
a technique for rending approximate solutions to physical problems uniformly valid l mj phil . mag  
unlocking secure online commerce j vijayan computerworld  
towards more informative user interfaces jm janas vldb 1979.0 
real business processing meets the web j chong   
â ?? analysis of microstructural development and mechanical properties of si 3 n 4 mj hoffmann see  
of rna editing and cytoplasmic male sterility in plants a araya d begu pv graves m hernould s litvak see ref  
urban liveability : a review m pacione urban geography  
loadstar : load shedding in data stream mining y chi h wang ps yu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
human walking williams and wilkins baltimore vt inman hj ralston f todd md  
list of acronyms bbhp survey bt technology journal 2002.0 
multi-core soc platform integration using amba n stollon r veal l petrosian at designcon  
electro-klean electrokinetic soil processing i electrokinetics site technology profile-demonstration program available at & hellip ;  
overview of the common language runtime e meijer j gough microsoft  
, pz kunszt . designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives : the sloan digital sky survey atjgdr slutz  2000.0 
gm-1 ganglioside and motor recovery following human spinal cord injury fh geisler journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
e-mailiorating student writing s marcus electronic learning  
apparatus and techniques cm buck rp lancaster area 2001.0 
l. r onyai . polynomial time solutions of some problems in computational algebra k friedl proc . 17th acm  
duplicates and aggregates in datalog is mumick h pirahesh r ramakrishnan & hellip ; ibm reseaxch division computer science almaden research & hellip ;  
semi-discrete schemas for operator differential equations . tbilisi ja rogava  1995.0 
policies and practices in enforcing the credit hour jm shedd new directions for higher education 2003.0 
near neighbor search in large metric spaces s brin vldb 1995.0 
the self-fulfilling nature of positive illusions in romantic relationships : love is not blind but sl murray jg holmes dw griffin journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
columbus and the exploration of the americas : ideas for thematic units in the elementary grades . ga levitt social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
use of the trousseau dilator in cricothyrotomy-a decade of experience in denver kj bramwell dp davis tv cardall e yoshida gm journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
homoeopathic oscillococcinum for preventing and treating influenza and influenza-like syndromes aj vickers c smith cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
optimum commutation-current profile on torque linearization of switched reluctance motors ds schramm bw williams tc green proc . int . conf . electric machines  
frazzled ? letâ ?? s party k melymuka computerworld  
challenges : an application model for pervasive computing . august 2000 g banavar j beck e gluzberg j munson j sussman proc . 6th acm mobicom boston  
rise of end-user computing brings new challenges to mis/dp e goldberg computerworld  
the early history and characteristics of pl/i g radin history of programming languages 1978.0 
optimal selection of measurement locations for parameter estimation in distributed processes d ucinski applied mathematics and computer science 2000.0 
feff 8.00 manual a ankudinov b ravel jj rehr  1999.0 
components of a network operating system je donnelley computer networks 1979.0 
ahmed k. elmagarmid composing web services on the semantic web b medjahed a bouguettaya the vldb journal  
fundamental limitations of small antennas ha wheeler proc . ire  
therapy with glatiramer acetate for multiple sclerosis l munari r lovati a boiko cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
earthquakes and volcanic eruptions : a handbook on risk assessment h tiedemann  1992.0 
an investigation into loading a cache with query results l haas d kossmann i ursu technical report ibm almaden san jose ca march  
the role of object-oriented metrics b meyer ieee computer 1998.0 
guest editor 's introduction : music in multimedia systems w effelsberg   
an adaptive skin model and its application to objectionable image filtering q zhu ct wu kt cheng yl wu proceedings of acm multimedia 2004.0 
higher homotopy groups of complements of complex hyperplane arrangements preprint arxiv : math s papadima a suciu   
mineset ( tm ) : a system for high-end data mining and visualization mkp inc int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb &#39; 96 ) bombay india 1996.0 
â ?? inchworm inchworm measuring the marigoldsâ ?? : biometry in action â ?? inaugural lecture series jn perry isbn  
report on the 3rd web dynamics workshop at wwwâ ?? 2004 m levene a poulovassilis sigmod record 2004.0 
building a visual ontology for video retrieval l hollink m worring at schreiber   
efficiently supporting ad hoc queries in large datasets of time sequences portal.acm.org sigmod conference 1997.0 
the minimum entropy and cumulants based contrast functions for blind source extraction s cruces a cichocki s amari lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
biological oxidations in oxic and anoxic marine environments : rates and processes 208 pp ah devol ph. d. thesis university of washington seattle washington  
flow graph machine models in microcode synthesis ra mueller j varghese acm sigmicro newsletter 1983.0 
conservation biology : lessons for conserving natural enemies dk letourneau see ref  
microsoft access 97 field guide sl nelson  2000.0 
nyquistâ ?? s problem-the joint optimization of transmitter and receiver in pulse amplitude modulation dw tufts proc . ieee  
support environment for rp3 performance monitor wc brantley hy chang acm press frontier series 1990.0 
the clinical care and documentation for victims of drug-facilitated sexual assault le ledray journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 
good lattice rules in weighted korobov spaces with non-product weights j dick ih sloan x wang h wozniakowski   
unsupervised content discovery in composite audio r cai l lu a hanjalic proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
sequenced inventory of communication development : test manual dl hedrick em prather ar tobin  1984.0 
compactly representing parallel program executions a goel a roychoudhury t mitra   
12301 parklawn drive rockville atc collection   
655 main street moncton new brunswick mc hall   
w. w ] lson . an overview of db2 paraflel edition c barn g fecteau a goyaf h hsiao a jhnigmn s proceedings of 1995 sigmod international conference on  
johns hopkins university press baltimore gh golub cf van loan md  
introducing an annotated bibliography on temporal and evolution aspects in the world wide web f grandi sigmod record 2004.0 
understanding adult development as narrative m rossiter new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
impact of pretransplant hepatitis c antibody status upon long-term patient and renal allograft c ynares hk johnson t kerlin d crowe transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
assume-guarantee model checking c flanagan s qadeer   
an introduction to spatial databases a guting vldb journal  
a case against the go to wa wulf proceedings acm  
surfing the web backwards s chakrabarti da gibson ks mccurley www8 / computer networks 1999.0 
design of a high-power sheet beam klystron dul yu pb wilson aip conference proceedings 1992.0 
the significance of natural hazards in a developing area : a case study from north queensland j oliver geography  
understanding bayesian reasoning via graphical displays wg cole proceedings of acm conf . on human factors in computing  
finding and visualizing inter-site clan graphs l terveen w hill   
dunbeath : whittles 2005 . 851 pp g milligan   
benchmarking as an administrative tool for institutional leaders be bender new directions for higher education 2002.0 
dyslexia and anxiety : a relationship as strong as life ? td tsovili athens greece : elliniva grammata  
bankrupt firm blames sap for failure t diederich computerworld  
magnetic recording system design to reduce medium noise through signal precompensation aos joseph d agrawal dg porter rs indeck mw proc . 28th  
panel : real-time databases proc . of the 17th int k ramamritham vldb conf. barcelona september  
physica ( utrecht ) t koopmans  1934.0 
biogeography of ants in eastern madagascar bl fisher d girman see ref  
comparison of several instruments and their outcome measures including a novel upper limb-activity fc schasfoort jbj bussmann hj stam   
a comparison of selectivity estimators for range queries on metric attributes b blohsfeld d korus b seeger sigmod conference 1999.0 
sugar alcohols and diabetes : a review tms wolever fg building o toronto   
incomplete information in object-oriented databases r zicari sigmod record 1990.0 
linking the personal and the social for a more critical democratic adult education mv alfred new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
peterkreps and geraldheld . thedesign and implementation of ingres ew michaelstonebraker acm transactions on database system  
microprocesses of institutional change in the context of privatization g johnson s smith b codling academy of management review 2000.0 
grammatical functions and word order in combinatory grammar c bozsahin ms. middle east technical university  
nebulised anti-pseudomonal antibiotics for cystic fibrosis g ryan s mukhopadhyay m singh cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
extensible/rule based query rewrite optimization in starburst j hellerstein h pirahesh w hasan proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
tcbworks : using a web-groupware system for teaching and research ar dennis sk pootheri v natarajan   
e cient and effective clusteringmethodforspatialdatamining r ng j han proc . 1994 int . conf . very large data bases pages144 { 155  
some aspects of multivariate statistics for morphometrics lf marcus contributions to morphometrics 1993.0 
respirators recommendations and regulations : the controversy surrounding protection of health care r jarvis a bolyard j bozzi journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
antifibrinolytics for heavy menstrual bleeding a lethaby c farquhar i cooke cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
class and channel condition based scheduler for edge/gprs r agrawal a bedekar rj la rs pazhyannur v proc . spie 2001.0 
a possible terminological logic for modelling information retrieval f sebastiani proceedings of acm sigir 94 conferenceâ ?? dublin  
almost the voice of silence : the later novelettes of jd salinger i hassan wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
catalyzing private capital flows : do imf programs work as commitment devices a mody d saravia  2003.0 
nul : a navigational user 's language for a network structured data base c deheneffe h hennebert   
scheduling support for concurrency and parallelism in the mach operating system dl black   
implementation of logical query languages for databases . r source m zentralblatt acm trans . database syst 1985.0 
probabilistic points-to analysis ys hwang ps chen jk lee rdc ju lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
research issues in metamodeling rg sargent proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter simulation 1991.0 
on the representation and querying of sets of possible worlds s abiteboul p kanellakis g grahne proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 1987.0 
electronic commerce recommender applications . j ben schafer j konstan j riedl journal of data mining and knowledge discovery  
stationary and nonstationary learning characteristics of the lms adaptive filter b widrow mg larimore cr johnson ieee proceedings 1976.0 
elderly patients ' perceptions of care in the emergency department wt watson es marshall d fosbinder journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
message-based priority functions in local multiaccess communication systems r rom fa tobagi computer networks  
updates in a rule-based language for objects m kramer g saake   
query optimization for parallel execution s ganguly   
ccured in the real world j condit m harren s mcpeak gc necula w weimer   
electrical wholesale market report l barker   
insertion scheme for the crystal of the classical lie algebras ja kim du shin submitted for  
query optimization by stored queries k subieta w rzeczkowski vldb 1987.0 
on the suitability of genetic-based algorithms for data mining s choenni   
fyi on the x window system r scheifler   
the people 's wireless web b machrone pc magazine  
nederlands oecologische flora wilde planten en hun relaties vol . 1 p. 154 ej weeda r westra ch westra t westra isbn  
current methods in cellular neurobiology de schmechel de marangos i  
t. : '' a survey on logical models for olap databases ps vassiliadis technical report dwq ntua greece  
the chilean senate : internal distribution of influence wh agor  1969.0 
lockett f drell  1958.0 
parisi . g 1991 replica eld theory for random manifolds m mezard j. phys . i france  
introduction to queueing theory as tanenbaum computer  
stable local bases for spaces of splines on powell-sabin triangulations mj lai ll schumaker  1999.0 
meeting the needs of diverse learners in the social studies classroom through collaborative methods e negron lp ricklin social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
encapsulating distribution by remote objects as tanenbaumâ ? ¦ information and software  
methods of calculation of nonstationary processes for separating multicomponent isotope mixtures in ia vereninov yv rakitsky at . energ  
ams a magnetic spectrometer on the iss c lechanoine-leluc proc . 29th icrc pune  
apj d williams jf toland  1998.0 
avian physiology pd sturkie  1976.0 
braids trees and operads available at math j morava   
faculty goals and methods of instruction : approaches to classroom assessment . ds guthrie new directions for higher education 1992.0 
a practical report kg kaasi zurich  
standing committee p accounts   
design alternatives for disk duplexing sw ng  1987.0 
factorization of analytic functions in weighted bergman spaces sm shimorin algebra i analiz  
research directions for distributed databases h garcia-molina b lindsay acm sigmod record 1990.0 
kolyang t mossakowski hol-casl demonstration . in jm wing j. woodcock and j.  
a database with chemical and crystallographic information compiled and evaluated by the nist crystal nc data   
kp the monitoring of timing constraints on time intervals ak mok cg lee h woo proceedings of the 23rd ieee real-time systems symposium (  
when are two games the same ? j van benthem unpublished  
personality similarity in twin reared apart and together a tellegen dt lykken tj bouchandâ ? ¦  1988.0 
mixed and hybrid finite element methods f brezzi m fortin  1991.0 
nigeria supra note 1 . one us dollar is worth approximately 79 nigerian nairas ss africa   
negotiation-the art of the possible b batros computerworld  
psychodrama : discovering new meaning in personal drama . wd pearlman new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
semcog : an object-based image retrieval system and its visual query language ws li c ks k hirata y hara proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on  
a and ochs john b. '' collaborative engineering experiences '' p van kollenburg proceedings of the 22 '' d seed annual design conference  
extraction and computation of identifiable parameters in robot dynamic models : theory and ay zomaya   
london 's housing c hamnett area-institute of british geographers 2001.0 
page quality : in search of an unbiased web ranking j cho   
hyperview authoringdisplay software designed for educational instruction by paul beam and p beam demonstration versions are available by inquiry to pdbeam @  
munoza ( 1995 ) tigukat : a uniform behavioral objectbase management mt ã?zsu rj peters d szafron b irani a lipka vldb  
incremental updates of inverted indexes in document retrieval a tomasic h garcia-molina k shoens proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis alteration in posttraumatic stress disorder : an alternative r yehuda proceedings of 25 thispne  
feiner . s. '' scope : automated generation of graphical interfaces . '' c beshers proc . acm  
documentary television programs c titles soc .  
liveworld : a construction kit for animate systems m travers proceedings of acm chi 1994.0 
wireless sensor networks : a survey if akyildiz w su y sankarasubramaniam e cayirci computer networks 2002.0 
the garlic project . acms anthology p edition   
a sequential statistical mutation-based testing strategy m sahinoglu eh spafford ieee proc . 28th annual spring reliability seminar  
parallel computer vision l uhr  1987.0 
influence of the radiation composition factor on the radiation damage to graphite va nikolaenko vi karpukhin vn kuznetsovâ ? ¦ at .  
figure -- ground discrimination from temporal information m fahle proceedings : biological sciences 1993.0 
modeling and control of induction motors e delaleau jp louis r ortega   
spinal deformation following multi-level thoracic and lumbar laminectomy in children . d bell j walker goâ ?? connor j orrel r submitted for publication  
implementation of compression with reversible embedded wavelets e schwartz a zandi m boliek proc spie 1995.0 
automatic presentation of multimedia documents using relational grammars l weitzman k wittenburg   
finding refactorings via change metrics s demeyer s ducasse o nierstrasz   
investigating context-aware information push vs. information pull to tourists k cheverst k mitchell n davies proceedings of mobile hci 2001.0 
swale international standards for voip g travers p richard bt technology  
link spam detection based on mass estimation z gyongyi p berkhin h garcia-molina j pedersen   
the oracle warehouse g hallmark proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ; 1995.0 
data mining in the bioinformatics domain s tsur proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
aseismic ridge subduction and vertical motion of overriding plate i moretti k ngokwey see mascle  
antiplatelet therapy for preventing stroke in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation and no o benavente r hart p koudstaalâ ? ¦  2000.0 
empirical performance evaluation of e rahm acm transactions on database systems 1993.0 
dnre neg margins isbn  
roxels : responsibility weighted 3d volume reconstruction js de bonet p viola   
ontology-driven content search for personalized education awp fok proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
a 200 mhz cell for a parallel-successive-approximation adc in 0.8 âµ m cmos using a reference pre - je eklund   
paradigm : a highly scalable shared memory multicomputer dr cheriton ha goosen pd boyle ieee computer  
template-based wrappers in the tsimmis experience j hammer h garcia-molina s nestorov r yerneni proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
objectsand views s abiteboul a bonner proc . acm-sigmod conf. february  
dispositional optimism and recovery from coronary bypass surgery : the beneficial effects on physical mf scheier ka matthews jf owens gj magovern rc journal of personality and social psychology  
emotional expression and brain physiology i. approach/withdrawal and cerebral asymmetry rj davidson p ekman c saron j senulis wv journal of personality and social psychology  
how to read a poem : andfall in love with poetry e hirsch  1999.0 
distributed depth-first search and deadlock detection university of maryland at college park b groå ¡ elj md  
faulkner 's one ring circus r pearce wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
the pathophysiology of tension pneumothorax in ventilated swine ed barton p rhee kc hutton p rosen journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
linking the european monetary union and the information systems strategy of financial institutions : mj pereira lv tavares   
fishes of wisconsin gc becker  2001.0 
avtometriya al grokhol ` skii ã?l kashcheev no . i  
db 1998 testing for homogeneityof variance in time series : long memory wavelets and the nile river b whitcher sd byers pp guttorp submitted for  
senseye : a multi-tier camera sensor network p kulkarni d ganesan p shenoy q lu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
acquisition of terminology knowledge using database design techniques cf eick pc lockemann proceedings acm sigmod conference austin usa  
m. takagi â ?? the effect of bucket size tuning in the dynamic hybrid grace hash join method â ?? m kitsuregawa m nakayama proceedings of the 1989 vldb conference amsterdam august  
extensible content protection f pestoni c drews proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
spectral representation in vision ( abstract only ) j hallikainen j parkkinen t jaaskelainen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
content-based retrieval of music and audio j foote proc . spie 1997.0 
adaptive locking strategies in a multi-node data sharing environment am joshi vldb 1991.0 
method configuration : adapting to situational characteristics while creating reusable assets f karlsson pj ã?gerfalk   
distributed cache coherence for large scale shared memory multiprocessor systems m thapar b delagi technical report ksl-89-83 stanford university december  
lexequal : multilexical matching operator in sql a kumaran jr haritsa & hellip ; of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0 
clustering for searching near-replicas of images on the world-wide web e chang c li jz wang submitted for publication  
online index rebuild n ponnekanti h kodavalla   
fas-induced dna fragmentation and proteolysis of nuclear proteins a kawahara m enari rv talanian ww wong s genes to cells 1998.0 
temporal database system implementations m bã ¶ hlen acm sigmod record 1995.0 
dyndex : a dynamic and non-metric space indexer ks goh b li ey chang   
implementing deductive databases by mixed integer programming to appear in : acm transactions of c bell a nerode rt ng vs subrahmanian 11th symposium on principles of database systems  
maintaining a large spatial index with t2sm c jermaine e omiecinski wg yee proceedings of acm-gis  
sex effects on evaluation vf nieva ba gutek the academy of management review 1980.0 
multiple disease screening and genetics of resistance in cucumber zm abdul-hayja  1980.0 
doing more with less ( panel session ) : building a virtual helpsystem with a virtual team ( with jt colgrove j mcanally b arnold proceedings of the 23rd annual acm siguccs conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
applied microsoft . net framework programming in microsoft visual basic . net j richter f balena  2002.0 
team formation by self-interested mobile agents s ambroszkiewicz o matyja w penczek lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
making fast strategic decisions in high-velocity environments km eisenhardt the academy of management journal 1989.0 
the evolution of lisp rp gabriel gl steele & hellip ; conference on the history of programming languages ii for  
the mechanical response of single crystal hgi2 tw james ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1980.0 
developmental stabilityfitness relationships in animals : some theoretical considerations gm clarke see polak  
first-order temporal pattern mining with regular expression constraints s de amo da furtado   
on experiments with a transport protocol for pervasive computing environments s avancha v korolev a joshi t finin y yesha computer networks 2002.0 
communication in reform md george new directions for higher education 2002.0 
xenopus embryonic poly ( a ) binding protein 2 ( epabp2 ) defines a new family of cytoplasmic poly ( a ) pj good l abler d herring md sheets   
the design of the c++ booch components g booch acm sigplan notices 1990.0 
self-management in chaotic wireless deployments a akella g judd s seshan p steenkiste proceedings of acm mobicom 2005.0 
architectural issues in distributed data base systems cv ramamoorthy gs ho t kirshnarao bw wah vldb 1977.0 
expert systems : from database to knowledge base bj garner information and software technology 1987.0 
implementing crash recovery in quickstore : a performance study dj dewitt sigmod conference 1995.0 
data exchange : semantics and query answering r fagin pg kolaitis rj miller l popa lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
public displays of connection . donath judith and danah boyd j dona bt technology journal  
software process modelling and measurement : a qms case study a pengelly m norris r higham information and software technology 1993.0 
range queries in dynamic olap data cubes w liang h wang me orlowska data & knowledge engineering 2000.0 
outerjoin simplification and reordering for query optimization a rosenthal  1997.0 
logic aided lamarckian evolution e lamma   
the talk of the internet . jc dvorak pc magazine  
lower palaeozoic rocks of algeria p legrand see holland  
feature identities descriptors and handles in interoperating geographic information systems : second p sargent zurich switzerland . springer verlag .  
the ninth text retrieval conference ( trec-9 ) gaithersburg em voorhees dk harman md  
radioecological conditions on the territory of the far-east technical bases located onshore va danilyan vl vysotskii aa maksimov at .  
influence of loss of child on mother 's reproduction cp prakasam  1994.0 
evaluation of quantitative cardiac biomarker point-of-care testing in the emergency department te caragher bb fernandez fl jacobs la barr journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
indexing moving points pk argarwal l arge j erickson proc . of acm podsâ ?? 00  
silicon bipolar laser and line driver ic with symmetrical output pulse shape operation up to 12 gbit hm rein e bertagnolli a felder l schmidt electronic  
model checking team automata for access control mh ter beek rp bloem unpublished manuscript  
storage estimation for multidimensional aggregates in olap k runapongsa tp nadeau tj teorey proceedings of the 1999 conference of the centre for & hellip ; 1999.0 
query processing resource management and approximation in a data stream management system a arasu b babcock s babu m datar j rosenstein procs . of 1st cidr  
ma 02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 2002 c street   
51 lettersâ ?? no reply ! g da cunha bombay times the times of india  
fighting mckinsey p strassmann computerworld 2001.0 
the organization of behavior : a neuropsychological theory do hebb   
constructing end-to-end paths for playing media objects a nakao l peterson a bavier computer networks 2002.0 
aufklã $ rung vor schutzimpfungenâ ?? empfehlungen fã 1/4 r die praxis a nassauer g maass inffo i/98  
ibm upgrades pen line with thinkpad 710t b brown pc magazine 1993.0 
encoded bitmap indexing for data warehouses po ` neil d quass sigmod 1997 proceedings acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
wireless transmission and mobile technologies r clarke   
computing representations of the structure of written discourse sh corston-oliver   
action representation prediction and concepts m rosenstein pr cohen md schmill ms atkin   
long-term course of alveolar echinococcosis in 70 patients treated by benzimidazole derivatives ( b mesarina-wicki & hellip ; dissertation . university of zurich zurich switzerland  
critical analysis of 1î ± 25-dihydroxyvitamin d 3 response elements c carlberg proceedings of the 10th international vitamin d workshop  
a semantic model for flash retrieval using co-occurrence analysis d ding q li b feng l wenyin   
fault tolerance of the backpropagation neural network trained on noisy inputs ji minnix   
studies of individualism-collectivism : effects on cooperation in groups ja wagner academy of management journal 1995.0 
developing the uml as a formal modelling notation a evans r france k lano b rumpe proceedings of  
mocha : a self-extensible middleware system for distributed data sources m rodrä ± guez-martä ± nez n roussopoulos proc . acmsigmod  
no panaceasâ ?? s atre   
a technology independent approach to hierarchical ic layout extraction a bootehsaz ra cottrel proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
bypassing joins in disjunctive queries acm.org vldb 1995.0 
prj stergrd and r. aus dem spring asymptotic behaviour of optimal circle packings in a square kj nurmela submitted for  
gibbons and . matias . new sampling-based summary statistics for improving approximate query answers pb gm proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
modular manufacturing systems for laser welding cutting and heat treatment j held a gillner & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
the social side of creativity : a static and dynamic social network perspective je perry-smith ce shalley academy of management review 2003.0 
optimization of sequence queries in database systems r sadri c zaniolo a zarkesh j adibi   
cross-functional project groups in research and new product development : diversity communications rt keller   
interventions for preventing obesity in children cd summerbell v ashton kj campbell l edmunds s cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
internet congestion control for future high bandwidth-delay product environments d katabi m handley c rohrs proceedings of acm sigcomm 2002.0 
approximate reachability analysis of piecewise-linear dynamical systems e asarin t dang o maler o bournez lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
norman mailer and the revolt of the ego : some observations on recent american literature fj hoffman wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1960.0 
the impact of international students on domestic students in us institutions of higher education ss barger  2004.0 
evaluation of a limited sleep study system nj douglas   
a generational mostly-concurrent garbage collector d detlefs t printezis   
a fast general-purpose hardware synchronisation mechanism jt robinson   
p. dd chamberlain '' functional specifications of a sub-system for database integrity '' k eswaren proc . intl. conf . on very large databases ( sep. .  
spatial patterns of foreign investment in china 's cities 1980-1989 h gong urban geography 1995.0 
how far out is nanotechnology c levin pc magazine  
therapecutic drug monitoring of mycophenolic acid : comparison of hplc and immunoassay reveals new m shipkova vw armstrongâ ? ¦  1998.0 
how to leak a secret rl rivest a shamir y tauman lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
at al. analysis of low density parity check codes and improved designs using irregular graphs [ a ] mg luby m mitzenmacher proc acm symp  
in search of real-time internet service g lawton   
generalized partition testing via bayes linear methods fpa coolen m goldstein m munro information & software technology 2001.0 
everquest addiction : physical vs. psychological effects ( undergraduate term paper for communication e varriano k white seattle : university of washington  
release 9.5 du manual ise integrated systems engineering ag zurich switzerland  
addison-wesley 2000 m reading   
replicated declustering of spatial data h ferhatosmanoç § lu aå ? tosun a ramachandran & hellip ; of the twenty-third acm sigmod-sigact-sigart symposium on & hellip ; 2004.0 
automating daml-s web services composition using shop2 d wu b parsia e sirin j hendler d nau lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
feedforward control of waves in lattice elements jh williams jr ga norris ss lee  1985.0 
identification of sna41 gene which is the suppressor of nda4 mutation and is involved in dna s miyake s yamashita genes to cells 1998.0 
the relaxation response h benson m klipper   
brain computerized tomography after hyperbaric oxygen therapy for carbon monoxide poisoning . j pracyk b stolp c fife journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
dissection of the vertebral arteries : case report and discussion j glauser om hastings m mervart ma volk journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
global integration and the universal increase of state dominance 1910-1970 j boli-bennett see bergesen  
molecular computing : the lock-key paradigm m conrad   
the empowerment process : integrating theory and practice ja conger rn kanungo the academy of management review 1988.0 
ny : hill and wang n yonk   
the air pilot 's manual volume 2 : aviation law and meteorology t thom  2002.0 
design quality of websites for electronic commerce : fortune 1000 webmasters ' evaluations c liu electronic markets 2000.0 
an effective hash-based algorithm forming association rules [ a ] js park ms chen ps yu proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
an introduction to the theoretical aspects of coloured petri nets k jensen lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
on the minimization of xpath queries s flesca f furfaro e masciari proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
using midsemester student feedback and responding to it kg lewis new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
cross talk of the interferon-alpha/beta signalling complex with gp130 for effective interleukin-6 y mitani a takaoka sh kim y kato t yokochi n genes to cells 2001.0 
manipulating the distribution of liquid phases in ceramics k doyle  1996.0 
hong kong busks asia services trend a foley computerworld  
the pineal organ l vollrath  1981.0 
ultrasonographic guidance of transvenous pacemaker insertion in the emergency department : a report w macedo k sturmann jm kim j kang journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
nieto-santisteban ma thakar ar heber g. & rots ah 2004 â ?? there goes the neighborhood : j gray as szalay g fekete woâ ?? mullane microsoft technical report  
explaining the minnesota family investment programâ ?? s impacts by housing status c miller   
surgery for the resolution of symptoms in malignant bowel obstruction in advanced gynaecological and dj feuer ke broadley jh shepherd dp barton cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
rock preconditioning to prevent rock bursts wj karwoski wc mclaughlin w blake report on a field demonstrationâ ?? united states department & hellip ;  
the implications of autonomy for stable policy routing n feamster r johari h balakrishnan proc . acm  
recommended resources . ml mcbee new directions for higher education 1980.0 
a motion and shape-based pedestrian detection algorithm h elzein s lakshmanan p watta   
intergenerational conflicts in species of birds with precocial offspring r pierotti proc . int . ornithol . congr  
the academy of senior professionals at eckerd college . ll nussbaum new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
budesonide at different doses for chronic asthma n adams j bestall pw jones cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
morphology of the auditory pathway in congenitally deaf white cats equipped with cochlear implants s heid a kral r hartmann r klinke proc 29th gã ¶ ttingen neurobiol conf  
xmill : an efficient compressor for xml data h liefke d suciu   
application of inorganic insulating materials in nuclear reactors na aseev at . energ  
acm sigplan history of programming languages conference pl/i language summary rf rosin history of programming languages 1978.0 
supporting guarded and nested atomic actions in distributed objects sy lee  1998.0 
application-controlled storage management gr ganger r grimm mf kaashoek dr engler   
rna results from baseline and week 8 are summarized in figure 6 hiv plasma at  
pipes and water damage a klaus u straub c teuber  1992.0 
noncommand user interfaces j nielson comm . acm  
undergraduate research at the research universities ca merkel new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
benchmarking simple database operations wb rubenstein ms kubicar rgg cattell proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
current best practice against computer viruses . f cohen   
limits to predictability m van geenhuizen h van zuylen p nijkamp proceedings of seminar d european transport conference  
generalized multi-dimensional data mapping and query processing r zhang p kalnis bc ooi kl tan acm transactions on database systems 2005.0 
error propagation in directly georeferenced terrestrial laser scanner point clouds for cultural dd lichti sj gordon   
the measuring modes and observations with the x-ray spectrometer array sixa onboard spectrum-x-gamma j huovelin h paeivike o vilhu v kaemaeraeinen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
nature-materials 2002 w yang je butler w cai j carlisle d gruen t   
successful intubation with the combitube [ r ] in acute asthmatic respiratory distress by a parkmedic d liao m shalit journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
exploiting statistics on query expressions for optimization n bruno s chaudhuri sigmod conference 2002.0 
pict : a programming language based on the pi-calculus 1997 bc pierce dn turner & hellip ; documentation demonstration programs and standard  
an assessment of the performance of diffuser augmented wind turbines ( dawt 's ) gjw van bussel procs . 3 rd asme/jsme joint fluids engineering conference  
student services and the politics of survival . dc tilley new directions for higher education 1973.0 
poster nr . 218 at the 84 thaacc annual meeting kp lai jf steffe pkw ng seattle washington usa  
recent tourism development in cyprus . da gilmor geography  
an agoraphobia scale for assessing the clinical significance of treatment outcome ta dykstra wc follette unpublished manuscript  
aerodynamic perturbations on the frigate la fayette deck effects on the helicopter flight dynamics a taghizad a desopper c verbeke european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
cell based assays for the identification of selectively toxic compounds : novel dsb inducing hm dunstan c ludlow s goehleâ ? ¦   
chaos : an introduction to dynamical systems kt alligood t sauer ja yorke   
mondrian : a teachable editor h lieberman watch what i do : programming by demonstration the mit press & hellip ;  
infusion of cytotoxic t cells for the prevention and treatment of epstein-barr virus-induced cm rooney ca smith cyc ng sk loftin jw sixbey blood-new york - 1998.0 
mrna fingerprinting of transgenic food crops ej kok j keijer ama van hoef enw van der wal - report of the demonstration programme on food safety & hellip ;  
surface potentials and the method of matching asymptotic expansions in the problem of the helmholtz rr gadylâ ?? shin algebra i analiz  
semexâ ?? an efficient music retrieval prototype k lemstrom s perttu proceedings ismir 2000.0 
an associative classifier based on positive and negative rules ml antonie   
developing dual user interfaces for integrating blind and sighted users : the homer uims a savidis c stephanidis proceedings of chi 1995.0 
agents as mediators in electronic commerce rh guttman ag moukas p maes   
chameleon : an extensible and customizable tool for web data translation r torlone p atzeni proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
reaction of hydroperoxides with metallotetraphenylporphyrins in aqueous solution ej thomas acc . chem . res  
stephen s. pollock ad proia pd md md  
implementing a sentient computing system a hopper ieee  
supporting service level agreements on ip networks macmillan technical publishing d verma   
a sound and complete query evaluation algorithm for relational databases with disjunctive ly yuan da chiang proc . eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . principles of & hellip ; 1989.0 
the management and processing of network performance information o bashir i phillips d parish jl adams t bt technology journal 1998.0 
the analysis of variance h scheff new york  
multimethod communication for high-performance metacomputing i foster j geisler s tuecke c kesselman proceedings of acm/ieee  
smart books : thinking with a purpose across the curriculum . media corner . r colemanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
unattended audioconferencing dl gibson d pauley l willis bt technology journal 1997.0 
adult degrees and the learning society wh maehl new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
sql multimedia application packages ( sql/mm ) - part 2 : full-text pcisoaw draft iso/iec sc21/wg3  
a foodborne outbreak causing a cholinergic syndrome c greenaway p orr journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
disclosure from statistical databases : quantitative aspects of trackers jan schlijrer u ulm w germany acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
binary search trees of bounded balance j nievergelt em reingold proceedings of the fourth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ; 1972.0 
the globalization of japanese r & d : the economic geography of japanese r & d investment in the united r florida m kenney economic geography 1994.0 
conduction in non-crystaline systems v ea davis nf mott phil . mag  
a model for integrated information systems ia macleod vldb 1983.0 
mocha : a self-extensible database middleware system for distributed data sources m rodrä ± guez-martä ± nez n roussopoulos proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
operational characteristics of switched reluctance motor drives hh moghbelli m moallem   
gazetteer of the bombay presidency . thana volume xiii part ii jm campbell  1882.0 
learning the dimensionality of hidden variables n friedman g elidan proceedings of seventeenth conference on uncertainty in & hellip ; 2001.0 
vic : a flexible framework framework for packet video s mccanne v jacobson acm multimedia  
collaboration and coordination in process-centered software development environments : a review of p barthelmess information and software technology 2003.0 
learning to generate fast signal processing implementations b singer m veloso   
a 2 x 2 achievement goal framework aj elliot ha mcgregor journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
caffarella ( 1994 ) . â ?? experiential learning : a new approach.â ?? l jackson new directions for adult and continuing  
vol . 5 iset manuals ise integrated systems engineering ag zurich switzerland  
the global forest products model : structure estimation and applications j buongiorno   
auv navigation sensor integration 8p c stewart  2000.0 
art exhibition : impossible geographies 01 p gemeinboeck ma krell proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
solar-thermal electric technology p de laquil iii d kearney m geyer r diver see ref  
a constructive view of gpsg or how to make it work s buseinann c hauenschild procs . 12th col1ng-88 budapest  
changes in part d of idea : an initial analysis of benchmark policy changes and their relationships pj kleinhammer-tramill ks gallagher p earley unpublished manuscript  
five domains of interpersonal competence in peer relationships d buhrmester w furman mt wittenberg ht reis journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
biomechanics of the cardiovascular system bb sramek j valenta f klimes czech technical university  
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives a szalay j gray p kunszt a thakar sigmod conference  
electromigration failure modes in aluminum metallization for semiconductor devices jr black proc . ieee  
agent-based semantic integration of information in open and dynamic environments rj bayardo w bohrer r brice a cichocki g acm sigmod record vol . 26 no. 2 ( june 1997 ) sigmodâ ?? 97 .  
a primer for vacuum thermocouples h levinson best technology inc. seattle  
iuiâ ?? 05 a nguyen w woncke san diego  
june of 1999 ins mounted enforcement operation in the vanguard meat processing plant in nebraska ; i may   
performance measures for library networked services and resources r poll   
accelerating xpath location steps t grust   
enterprise java platform data access s white r cattell s finkelstein proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1998.0 
prevalence of hbv and hdv markers in patients infected with hiv in buenos aires [ abstract a 586 ] h fainboim j benetucci l astarloaâ ? ¦ & hellip ; international conference on aids ( montreal canada ) june  
age at resurfacing for flexible pavements in washington state s muench report university of washington seattle washington  
the racism and life experience scales sp harrell unpublished manuscript  
amphibian embryo protease inhibitors de slaughter  1976.0 
optimizing web queries through semantic caching b chidlovskii c roncancio ml schneider   
a million segments of oneâ ?? how personal should customer relationship management get ? nj millard bt technology journal 2003.0 
efficiency loss in a cournot mechanism for network resource allocation r johari jn tsitsiklis   
the branch and bound algorithm for a backup virtual path assignment in survivable atm networks k walkowiak   
newspapers in the geography class j haddon geography  
b. babu s. mcalister j. and widom j. ( 2002 ) : characterizing memory requirements for queries over b arasu proc . acm sigmod-sigact-sigart symposium on principles of  
traub f. ( 1972 ) acrasiales in schweizer waeldern l margulis jo corliss m melkonian dj chapman  1990.0 
m. hern andez . schema mapping as query discovery r miller l haas proc vldb  
genetic analysis of sym genes and other nodule-related genes in pisum sativum nf weeden be kneen ta larue see ref  
editor 's notes r diem social studies and the young learner  
dakoã?a - english dictionary project : a minnesota collaborative effort c cavender c schommer multimedia demonstration given at the sixth annual & hellip ;  
new realities for financial aid . rj gibson new directions for higher education 1982.0 
gender swapping on the internet a bruckman proceedings of inet 1993.0 
control-sensitive feature selection for lazy learners f domingos artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
the marine plant industry-commercially important species and resource management jd pringle the proceedings of the bras d &#39; or lakes aquaculture & hellip ;  
on the design of a query processing strategy in a distributed database environment ct yu cc chang acm sigmod record 1983.0 
generalizing mean field theory for distributed optimization and control . 2004 dh wolpert   
logical design of deductive natural language consultable data bases ieeexplore.ieee.org vldb 1979.0 
semi-join algorithms for multiprocessor systems p valduriez proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
meaningful change detection on the web s flesca f furfaro e masciari   
eye movement-based analyses of graphs and tables : the next generation gl lohse proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1993.0 
essays in periodicals jr bryer tj bergin jr wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
some optimal in-approximability results j hã ¸ astad proc . of 29th acm symp . on theory of comp  
tax changes retirement and pensions . ad sumberg new directions for higher education 1989.0 
in maia hls ( ed . ) peptides 1994 r dã ¶ lling m beyermann j haenel f kernchen e proceedings of the 23rd european peptide symposium escom & hellip ;  
a core calculus for java exceptions d ancona g lagorio e zucca   
history and purpose of arizona forfei ture under ars sections 13-4301 c holmes  1990.0 
educating patients and families about mental illness : a practical guide . gaithersburg cc bisbee md  
present experiences in a series of 26 abo-incompatible living donor renal allografts gpj alexandre jp squifflet m de bruyere d transplant proc 1987.0 
remote possibilities : whiteboard software ' d labriola pc  
a predictability analysis of network traffic a sang s li computer networks 2002.0 
fast cross-validation for high-breakdown resampling algorithms for pca m hubert s engelen  2004.0 
cultural accommodation : hybridity and the framing of social obligation d oyserman i sakamoto a lauffer journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
environmental management issues and challenges in the next millennium in malaysia s sham   
depression runs in families : the social context of risk and resilience in children of depressed cl hammen  1991.0 
efficient construction of low weight bounded degree planar spanner '' 2002 xy li y wang submitted for  
mosfets break out of the shackles of wirebonding p mannion electronic design  
on oscillation hysteresis in a triode generator with two degrees of freedom b van der pol phil . mag  
learn-ing community foundations . f gabelnick j macgregor rs matthews bl smith new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
essential role of active nuclear transport in apoptosis n yasuhara y eguchi t tachibana n imamoto y genes to cells 1997.0 
object fusion in mediator systems ( extended version ) y papakonstantinou h garcia-molina   
educating the virtual architect . promise and reality j petricâ ? ¦ proceedings of ecaade conference weimar [ ed donath  
transcriber 1820 us census harlan county kentucky ( posted at ftp://ftp . rootsweb . com/pub / l jones   
a wavelet tour of signal processing academic s mallat san diego calif  
interface synthesis : a vertical slice from digital logic to software components g borriello l lavagno rb ortega proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
which group ( ware ) are you ? l ulanoff pc magazine  
stability of linguistic control systems g langari m tomizuka  1990.0 
early childhood education bs pb chesler university of wisconsin  
interaction between type and path constraints p buneman w fan s weinstein proc . acm pods conference  
enterprise business planning : enabling the zero latency enterprise b vinod t bhatia i2 planet  
approximate similarity retrieval with m-trees p zezula p savino g amato f rabitti the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
spectrin isoform diversity and assembly in non-erythroid cells cd cianci jc kim j mclaughlin pr stabach cr cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
software development for computers and communication at nec . k fujino ieee computer  
qualitã $ tssicherung und qualitã $ tsmanagement in der sozialen arbeit m meinholdâ ? ¦ freiburg i. br  
a rule-based view of query optimization jc freytag freytag proc . acm sigmod conf  
software engineering . a european perspective rh thayer ad mcgettrick ieee computer 1993.0 
software testingâ ?? searching for the missing link m roper information and software technology 1999.0 
efficient support for interactive service in multi-resolution vod systems kkw law jcs lui l golubchik the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
su : modeling integrated manufacturing data with sam * yw stanley ieee computer  
analysis of add/drop multiplexing at 160 gbit/s to base data rates of 10 gbit/s and 40 gbit/s a melo g toptchiyski k petermann c schubert proc . 28th europ . conf . opt . commun.  
profilingâ ?? technology r newbould r collingridge bt technology journal 2003.0 
bloom 's syndrome gene suppresses premature ageing caused by sgs1 deficiency in yeast sj heo k tatebayashi i ohsugi a shimamoto y genes to cells 1999.0 
benchmark . michael stonebraker and jim frew and kenn gardels and jeff meredith s ts proceedings of sigmod  
a new approach to current density impedance imaging kf hasanov aw ma rs yoon ai nachman ml joy   
a dynamical theory of diffusion for nonelectrolytes and the molecular mass of albumin w sutherland phil . mag  
using active learning in college classrooms : a range of options for faculty tw sutherland cc bonwell new directions for teaching and learning series . san & hellip ;  
understanding soap a skonnard   
introduction rm keesing see herdt  
nevot implementation and program structure h schulzrinne university of massachusetts technical report  
evidence on economies of scale in software development rd banker h chang cf kemerer information and software technology 1994.0 
the national project grad evaluation f doolittle new york : manpower demonstration research  
science performance assessment with language minority students g solano-flores ma ruiz-primo gp baxter rj & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa barbara  
keeping employees in the know d williams area development  
still drowning a laplante   
modern times : the industrial revolution and the concept of time . fh doppen social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
computational methods for fast and accurate dna fragment assembly cf allex  1999.0 
continuous queries over data streams s babu j widom sigmod record 2001.0 
foundations of a logical approach to agent programming y lesperance hj levesque f lin d marcu r lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
from self-conceptions to self-worth : on the sources and structure of global self-esteem bw pelham wb swann journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
simonoff . theuseofregression methodology forthecompromiseofcon dential informationin ma palley andje reys acm transactions on database systems  
local knowledge : innovation in the networked age js brown p duguid management learning 2002.0 
species displaced by spartina in the pacific northwest k sayce & hellip ; grant program university of washington seattle washington & hellip ;  
random sampling for histogram construction : how much is enough ? pages 436 -- 447 s chaudhuri r motwani v narasayya  1998.0 
theory as method : small theories of treatments mw lipsey new directions for program evaluation 1993.0 
association rules and mechanizing hypotheses formation j rauch proceedings of ecml workshop : machine learning as & hellip ;  
reuse of components in data-intensive business programs through interface separation cdw ward ava resurreccion kh mcwatters bkt hee information and software technology 1998.0 
guidelines for blood recovery and reinfusion in surgery and trauma . american association for blood cp stowell gf giordano j kiss sw renner rb md  
reinforcement learning with bounded risk p geibel   
radiomap : experiential interactive environment m hohl   
perceptions and satisfaction with emergency department care kj rhee j bird journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
changes in taxi servicesâ ?? can new developments help people with a mobility handicap s trench a lister proceedings of seminar d public transport planning and & hellip ;  
energy spectra of light ions backscattered from random solids u littmark a gras-marti applied physics a : materials science & processing 1978.0 
science in india : institution building and the organizational system in historical perspective w morehause bombay : college of india and popular prakastan  
multiplex fusionplex and autoplex : three generations of information integration a motro j berlin p anokhin acm sigmod record 2004.0 
dewitt . equi-depthhistogramsfor estimating selectivity factors for multi-dimensional queries m muralikrishnaandd proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
a brief guide to critiquing research . e hayes new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
combining relational and network retrieval methods h chen smc kuck proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1984.0 
reactive components for pseudo-resistive networks e fragniere a van schaik e vittoz electronic letters 1997.0 
a new targeting procedure for the retrofit of heat exchanger networks cg shokoya e kotjabasakis & hellip ; pressented at the international conference athens greece & hellip ;  
on the closure of the family of conjunctive languages under inverse homomorphism a okhotin   
meta-functions and contexts in an object-oriented database language m caruso   
java security s oakes  1998.0 
hypergraph partitioning for vlsi cad : methodology for reporting and new results ae caldwell ab kahng aa kennings il markov   
inferring function semantics to optimize queries m cherniack sb zdonik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
arabesques of influence : the repressed conradian masterplot in the novels of graham greene rw pendleton  1992.0 
optimal and efficient merging schedules for video-ondemand service dl eager mc ferris mk vernon proc . of acm  
nearest neighbor queries in road networks cs jensen j kolar tb pedersen i timko   
editorial directons w kim acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1995.0 
a procedure for ranking efficient units in data envelopment analysis p andersen nc petersen management science 1993.0 
local scheduling techniques for memory coherence in a clustered vliw processor with a distributed e gibert j sã ¡ nchez a gonzã ¡ lez   
efficient updates to independent schemes in the weak instance model p atzeni r torlone proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1990.0 
inside ole k brockschmidt  1993.0 
shape coexistence in transitional ( 132 133 134 ) ba ( abstract only ) t loennroth p ahonen m carpenter c fahlander j oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
efficient relational storage and retrieval of xml documents a schmidt ml kersten m windhouwer f waas webdb ( informal proceedings ) 2000.0 
e-commerce applications of smart cards dm ` rahi m yung computer networks 2001.0 
motion estimation using rate distortion theory for very low bit rate image sequence coding '' d tzovaras mg strintzis proc . int &#39; l conf .  
the transmission of digital dual channel sound r wellbeloved mn kyffin at ibc  
buffer management in relational database systems gm sacco m schkolnick acm transactions on database systems 1986.0 
influence of social motives on integrative negotiation : a meta-analytic review and test of two ck de dreu lr weingart s kwon journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
effect of electric fields on fracture behavior of pzt ceramics ag tobin ye pak proc .  
electron energy-loss spectroscopy in the electron microscope . rf egerton  1996.0 
deleting completed transactions t hadzilacos m yannakakis proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
cohomologie et geometrie algebrique jp serre proc . int . cong . math. amsterdam  
width-3 permutation branching programs ' technical memorandum tm-293 da barrington mit laboratory for computer  
risperidone versus typical antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia e kennedy f song r hunter a clarke s gilbody cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a surrogate concept for engineering databases a meier ra lorie vldb 1983.0 
the ten immutable laws of security s culp   
infant day care : a cause for concern j belsky zero to three  
00db indexing by class-division s ramaswamy pc kanellakis proceedings of the acm sigmod  
an adaptive nonlinear least-squares algorithm je dennis jr dm gay re walsh acm transactions on mathematical software ( toms ) 1981.0 
the ontological properties of social roles g boella l van der torre procs . of loait at icailâ ?? 05  
inner and outer ecology ; transitions to a sustainable worldview . rk hetzel   
database techniques for the world-wide web : a survey d florescu a levy a mendelzon sigmod record 1998.0 
selective and authentic third-party distribution of xml documents b carminati ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
outward bound : strategies for team survival in an organization dg ancona the academy of management journal 1990.0 
local network technology and the lessons of history jm mcquillan computer networks  
using uml models for the performance analysis of network systems n de wet p kritzinger computer networks 2005.0 
a comparison of decision making performance in established and ad hoc groups j hall ms williams journal of personality and social psychology  
therapeutic ultrasound for venous leg ulcers k flemming n cullum cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
toward a common language : emergency nursing uniform data set ( enuds ) v bradley journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 
correctness of lazy database updates for object database systems f ferrandina t meyer r zicari   
consumerism consumption and a critical consumer education for adults ja sandlin new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
probabilistic message passing in peer data management systems p cudre-mauroux k aberer a feher   
taxane diterpene synthesis strategies . a review cs swindell org . prep . proc . int  
non-kekule molecules-theory practice and uses pm lahti a ichimura d modarelli m kearley  1988.0 
multilingual information technology s appleby bt technology journal 2003.0 
energy and depletable resources : economics and policy 1973-98 cd kolstad   
culture conflicts in software engineering technology transfer mv zelkowitz dr wallace dw binkley   
acute and chronic effect of insulin on leptin production in humans : studies in vivo and in vitro jw kolaczynski mr nyce rv considine g boden jj diabetes-new  
the effects of local spatial structure on epidemiological invasions mj keeling proceedings : biological sciences 1999.0 
program slicing m harman kb gallagher information and software technology 1998.0 
a vision driven automatic assembly unit : pose determination from a single image m berger g bachler s scherer a pinz   
nih class library reference manual . national institutes of health bethesda ke gorlen md  
the new private city : recreating civil society at the millennium a kirby association of american geographers &#39; conference hawaii & hellip ;  
health fertility and socioeconomic status as predictors of survival and later health of women : a l duffy j menken unpublished manuscript  
theories of chemisorption which incorporate band structure effects cp demelo ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1980.0 
generation and recognition of formal languages by modifiable grammars b burshteyn acm sigplan notices 1990.0 
dessis 4.0 manual r escoffier u krumbein e lyumkis b polsky a ise integrated systems engineering ag zurich switzerland  
intranasal corticosteroids for asthma control in people with coexisting asthma and rhinitis p taramarcaz pg gibson cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
fundamentals of data element definition rm curtice proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1981.0 
dynamics and patterns of deforestation in the western amazon : the napo deforestation front 1986â ?? r sierra applied geography 2000.0 
swipe : the ip security protocol j ioannidis m blaze p karn to  
improving object-oriented analysis g eckertâ ? ¦  1994.0 
building self-sufficiency in pregnant and parenting teens : final implementation report of project a branch  1984.0 
a unified characterisation for shared multimedia cscw workspace designs nn kamel information & software technology 1999.0 
functional and dysfunctional impulsivity : personality and cognitive correlates sj dickman journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
some maximum principles and continuity estimates for fully nonlinear elliptic equations of second p fok  1996.0 
recombinant factor viia concentrate versus plasma derived concentrates for the treatment of acute d hind m lloyd-jones m makris s paisley cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
reaching out : telecollaboration and social studies . pull-out 1 . k dawson j harris social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
hinterberger h. sevcik . kc : â ?? ibe grid file : an adapable symmetric multikey file structureâ ?? j nievergelt acm transactions cm database  
business rules show power promise : viewed as an effective new way to identify rule thinking for a/d e gottesdiener application development trends 1997.0 
a compressmn techtuque for large stattsttcal databases ' s eggers f olken a shosham proc  
experimental comparison of multistage networks s konstantinidou e upfal ibm almaden research center report rj  
process control simulation research in monitoring analog and digital displays rh hanson dg payne r shively b kantowitz proceedings of the human factors society 25 thannual meeting  
the interaction of clouds with the surrounding aerosol environment ip mazin meteorologiia i gidrologiia 1982.0 
real time : further misconceptions ( or half-truths ) r kurki-suonio   
stat -- a state transition analysis tool for intrusion detection p porras  1993.0 
improved formulations for the uncapacitated multiple allocation hub location problem l canovas m landete a marä ± n submitted for  
performance simulation of an alpha microprocessor j edmonson m reilly ieee computer  
state and parameter estimation for overall systems jf de souza & hellip ; of american control conference seattle washington 1995.0 
bisphosphonates for steroid induced osteoporosis j homik a cranney b shea p tugwell g wells r cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a methodology for modeling interprocessor traffic in shared memory multiprocessors j torrellas t weil j hennessy stanford university technical report no . csl-tr-89-385 july  
t.â ?? papatheodourou evaluation of hypermedia application development and management systems â ?? s christodoulou g styliaras proceedings of acm hypertext â ?? 98  
a common instructor operator station framework : enhanced usability and instructional capabilities mm walwanis nelson jm owens dg smith ml & hellip ; rom ] proceedings of the 25 thinterservice/industry training  
sensor-based wireless network for smart developmental problem-solving environments m srivastava r muntz m potkonjak proc . acm mobicom  
prism : indexing multi-dimensional data in p2p networks using reference vectors od sahin a gulbeden f emekci d agrawal a el proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
search via laser receivers for interstellar communications m ross proc . ieee  
lh * -- a scalable distributed data structure w litwin ma neimat da schneider acm transactions on database systems 1996.0 
a logical framework for active rules b ludascher u hamann g lausen   
how to summarize the universe : dynamic maintenance of quantiles in intl a gilbert y kotidis s muthukrishnan m strauss conf . on very large databases ( vldb ) hong kong china aug  
icon editor : the specification of graphic behavior without coding m rosenstein l weitzman proceedings of the 23rd annual hawaii international & hellip ;  
relationship between subsurface geohydrologic investigation and siting of upland disposal sites / ca coch jf tavolaro water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
ground ash densities in minas geraisâ ?? brazil jh diniz am carvalho lcl cherchiglia wj souza proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;  
discovery of a perceptual distance function for measuring image similarity ble chang y wu proc . acm multimedia  
reasoning about functional dependencies generalized for semantic data models ge weddell acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
implementing a star1 chip mr greenstreet   
method engineering for multi-perspective software development b nuseibeh a finkelstein j kramer   
rp3 performance monitoring hardware wc brantley kp mcauliffe ta ngo acm press new york 1989.0 
special libraries-how to survive in the twenty-first century r wittwer electronic library 2001.0 
1 : programming with unicode p nt   
distance-regular graphs related to uq ( sl ( 2 ) ) b curtin k nomura   
radarsat-1 sar for hurricane watch pw vachon pg black p dodge ka katsaros p   
larger sperm outcompete smaller sperm in the nematode caenorhabditis elegans cw lamunyon s ward proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
free-radical-mediated liver injury gl plaa see ref  
toward a classification scheme for software process modelling approaches ir mcchesney information and software technology 1995.0 
the d-tree : an index structure for planar point queries in location-based wireless services dl lee ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
three practical strategies for peer consultation bj millis new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
25 of all web spending goes for intranets s machlis   
transparency and awareness in a real-time groupware system m beaudouin-lafon a karsenty proceedings of the 5th annual acm symposium on user & hellip ; 1992.0 
analysis of plasma edge profiles at jet mna beurskens e giovannozzi j gunn y andrew m   
finite element method for optimal control problems governed by integral equations and integro - h brunner n yan   
emergence of leadership and its impact on group performance in virtual team environments : a field y yoo m alavi   
indexing multiple sets c kilger g moerkotte vldb 1994.0 
improved steiner tree approximation in graphs g robins a zelikovsky   
do story agents use rocking chairs ? km brooks   
context management in modeling information systems ( is ) b garner r raban information and software technology 1999.0 
coming to terms with mother nature : using the web to educate children about natural disasters mj berson ir berson social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
programming microsoft office 2000 web components d stearns  1999.0 
pion-nucleon sigma-term and the strange quark content of the proton ( abstract only ) j gasser h leutwyler me sainio oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
application of the new production theory to construction . l koskela  1992.0 
testing and reporting on graduates : the new jersey basic skills assessment program . ad lutkus new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
choosing an appropriate buffer strategy for an optical packet switch with a feed-back fdl buffer c develder m pickavet p demeester proc . 28th european conf . on optical communication  
maier 1991 : t. keller g. graefe and d. maier efficient assembly of complex objects g keller proc . acm sigmod  
the achievement motive in women : implications for career development r baruch journal of personality and social psychology 1967.0 
expansion of concrete through reaction between cement and aggregate te stanton proc . asce  
modeling design versions r ramakrishnan dj ram proceedings of the 22th international conference on very & hellip ; 1996.0 
modeling of imaging systems in matlab s vitek j hozman   
rs and stoy j. 1996 . lambda-s : an implicitly parallel lambda-calculus with letrec synchronization m arvind n jw technical report ( nov ) mit laboratory for computer science .  
analysis of nonlinear systems with multiple inputs jj bussgang l ehrman jw graham ieee proceedings 1974.0 
congestion pricing overlaid on edge-to-edge congestion control m yuksel s kalyanaraman a goel   
informal and incidental learning vj marsick ke watkins new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
â ?? institution building process in bangladesh . d choudhury am hasanuzzaman g hossain bangladesh at  
positive scalar curvature metricsâ ?? existence and classification s stolz proc . intern . congress math. zurich switzerland  
modeling the primary productivity of the world h lieth primary productivity of the biosphere 1975.0 
marketing for electronic market places : the relevance of two '' critical points of success '' t kollmann   
controlled trial of 1-alpha-hydroxycholecalciferol in chronic renal failure l tougaard j brochner-mortensen ms christensen lancet i 1976.0 
interventions targeted at women to encourage the uptake of cervical screening c forbes r jepson p martin-hirsch cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
software prototypingâ ?? progress and prospects dc ince s hekmatpour information and software technology 1987.0 
prefetch injection based on hardware monitoring and object metadata ar adl-tabatabai rl hudson mj serrano s   
h. and dolphin d. ( 1976 ) r abeles acc . chem .  
undecidability of the reachability problem for o-minimal hybrid systems 2005 t brihaye   
natural hazard in human ecological perspective : hypotheses and models rw kates economic geography 1971.0 
highly pumped inverted balmer and lyman populations rl mills p ray rm mayo   
e. galleani d'agliano and r. julien b coqblin proceedings of the conference on superconductivity in d and & hellip ;  
for the pierre auger collaboration r clayâ ? ¦ proc . 28th icrc ( tsukuba japan 2003 )  
equation of state and structural changes in diaminodinitroethylene from experimental studies and ab m suhithi p chak m maijaâ ? ¦ san diego california  
the organization of perception and action dg mackay   
the maximum rate of evaporation of water t alty phil . mag  
rough sleeping in wales-housing research report hr1/00 p bevan isbn  
video2cartoon : generating 3d cartoon from broadcast soccer video d liang y liu q huang g zhu s jiang z zhang   
the wealth of nations the modern library a smith new york  
improvement of luminance and luminance efficiency in pdpâ ?? s driven by radio frequency pulses j kang wg jeon od kim jw song jp boeuf mh proc . int . display  
new proposal for a common command language in information systems y vander auwera l bernard acm sigmod record 1982.0 
e1 abbadi a. and jeffers r. an approach to eliminate transaction blocking in locking protocols d agrawal proceedings of the acm sigmod-sigact symposium on principles  
the cause and nature ofradioactivityi ii ' e rutherford f soddy phil . mag  
maintenance of multidimensional histograms s muthukrishnan m strauss   
data conversion from object-oriented to relational database and its verification by use of r pang   
continual permutations of action al strauss  1993.0 
digital homesâ ?? for richer for poorer who are they for ? pa rout bt technology journal 2002.0 
a subspace rotation approach to signal parameter estimation a paulraj r roy t kailath ieee proceedings 1986.0 
aggregate instability in the fixed-cost approach to public spending pa pintus  2003.0 
privacy-preserving data mining r agrawal r srikant   
multisafe - a modular multiprocessing approach to secure database management . rp trueblood hr hartson jj martin acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
theory and development of a simple turbine as a prime mover for utilization of solar energy bs leo  1959.0 
generating a prototype from a uml model of system requirements x li z liu j he submitted for publication 2003.0 
blood and serum group and other genetical characters of some endogamous muslim groups sma hakim  1971.0 
performance of tcp/ip over next generation broadband wireless access networks i stojanovic m airy d gesbert h saran   
evaluated phase diagrams of binary metal -- tellurium systems of the d-block transition elements sr bharadwaj  1989.0 
regulation of interaction of the acetyltransferase region of p300 and the dna-binding domain of sp1 t suzuki a kimura r nagai m horikoshi genes to cells 2000.0 
jacquet r. & hirsh-pasek k. ( 1993 ) . lexical principles underlie verb learning rm golinkoff unpublished  
injection molding of metals and ceramic [ j ] m randall ab german isbn  
editors ' notes pj gray tw banta new directions for higher education  
guangr . gao herbert hj hum kevin theobald and xin-min tian . polling watchdog : combining polling o maquelin proceedings of the 23rd annual international symposium on & hellip ;  
park 0 . a framework for effective retrieval ct yu w meng acm trans . database syst  
the university presidency today : a word for the incumbents . s muller new directions for higher education 1988.0 
achieving dynamic interfaces with agent concepts t juan l sterling   
database partitioning in a cluster of processors d sacca g wiederhold acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
distinctiveness-sensitive nearest-neighbor search for efficient similarity retrieval of multimedia n katayama s satoh & hellip ; 2001 . proceedings . 17th international conference on 2001.0 
atic experiment : elemental spectra from the ight in 2000 hs ahn jh adams g bashindzhagyanâ ? ¦ proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf. tsukuba  
soil erosion in the west midlands : an act of god or agricultural mismanagement i foster s harrison d clark geography 1997.0 
anda . shukla . simultaneous optimization and evaluation of multiple dimensional queries y zhao pm deshpande jf naughton proceedings of the 1998 acm-sigmod  
workfile disk management for concurrent mergesorts in a multiprocessor database system kl wu ps yu jy chung jz teng distributed and parallel databases 2000.0 
linear prediction of speech jd markel ah gray   
gamma-rays and ionizing component during thunderstorms at gran sasso m aglietta b alessandro p antonioli f arneodo   
formac session tj bergin history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
the impact of wages and school characteristics on teacher mobility and retention b scafidi d sjoquist t stinebrickner unpublished manuscript  
finnish space projects : space astronomy ( abstract only ) o vilhu oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
reducing power consumption and enhancing performance by direct slave-to-slave and group c de morais cordeiro s abhyankar dp agrawal computer networks 2004.0 
medisyn : a synthetic streaming media service workload generator w tang y fu l cherkasova a vahdat   
metabolism of cyclosporine g maurer transplant  
modular synchronization in multiversion databases d agrawal s sengupta proceedings of sigmod  
mechanisms for flexible representation and use of knowledge in user modeling shell systems w pohl j hoehle courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ; 1997.0 
statstream : statistical monitoring of thousands of data streams in real time y zhu d shasha vldb 2002.0 
wavelet shinkage wvd-a ten minutes tour dl donoho technical report tr-416 statistics department stanford  
design and management of data warehouses : report on the dmdw '99 workshop s gatziu ma jeusfeld m staudt y vassiliou sigmod record 1999.0 
fuzzy logic enhanced electrochemical impedance spectroscopy ( fleeis ) to determine battery soc p singh c fennie de reisner   
minimal probing : supporting expensive predicates for top-k queries kcc chang s hwang sigmod conference 2002.0 
mining concept-drifting data streams using ensemble classifiers h wang w fan ps yu j han proceedings of the ninth acm sigkdd international conference & hellip ; 2003.0 
an analysis of storage utilization factor in block split data structuring scheme t nakamura t mizoguchi vldb  
mobile agents : ten reasons for failure ( panel ) g vigna & hellip ; conference on mobile data management ( mdmâ ?? 04 ) berkeley ( & hellip ;  
the limits to globalization : technology districts and international trade m storper economic geography 1992.0 
detection of normal and pathological fetal states by means of neural and fuzzy classifiers applied g magenes d arduini   
fusion amont en detection de sources ponctuelles a ayoun proceedings des journees thematiques en fusion dâ ??  
suicidal behaviors questionnaire mm linehan & hellip ; inventory university of washington seattle washington 1981.0 
wild relatives as sources of disease resistance jj burdon am jarosz see ref  
large scale enterprise atm node with per-vc traffic control n endo t aimoto t yazaki t nishijima computer networks 1999.0 
photo time stamp recognition xr chen  2001.0 
special issue on advanced user interfaces for database systems y ioannidis acm sigmod record  
reversible blindness associated with alcoholic ketoacidosis : pseudomethanol intoxication-visual loss c feeney m muller s bryzman t nakada journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
faulting and uplift of the northern channel islands california cc sorlien the fourth california islands symposium : update on the & hellip ; 1994.0 
statistical grid-based clustering over data streams nh park ws lee sigmod record 2004.0 
microsoft sql server 2000 resource kit chapter rdbms performance tuning guide for data warehousing jh miller h lau microsoft press  
efficient retrieval of similar shapes d rafiei ao mendelzon the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2002.0 
word for word d haskins pc  
super-symmetric decomposition of the fourth-order cumulant tensor . blind identification of more jf cardoso   
image data compression - a review ak jain ieee proceedings 1981.0 
prior knowledge and preferential structures in gradient descent learning algorithms re mahony rc williamson journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
garcia-mâ ? cents lina h scheduling real-time transactions : a performance acm transactions on database r abbott proceedings of the 14th vldb conference ( los angeles aug. 29  
modelling temporal data au tansel information and software technology 1990.0 
improved service top-cited outsourcing goal . j vijayan t hoffman computerworld  
an early implementation of a davic v1 . 0 systemâ ?? use of dynamic connections for interactive pw reece rd macey ri miles ri galbraith bt technology journal 1998.0 
a smart start to service-learning ms rubin new directions for higher education 2001.0 
rpm : a rapid prototyping engine for multiprocessors l barroso j jeong k oner k ramamurthy m dubois ieee computer  
a service learning approach to faculty development e zlotkowski new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
vascular smooth muscle and neurohypophyseal hormones bm altura bt altura fed proc 1977.0 
buffering database operations for enhanced instruction cache performance . j zhou ka ross proc . sigmod 2004.0 
weighted hypertree decompositions and optimal query plans f scarcello g greco n leone   
static analysis of concurrent communicating loops pb ladkin bb simons technical report rj 8625 ibm almaden research center feb  
il trattamento delle varianti hello spoglio elelttronico di un testo . una prova sui carmina di a bozzi a nikolova g cappelli g giuliani md  
autonomous interface agents ( lokal ) h lieberman  1997.0 
multiagent reinforcement learning in stochastic games j hu mp wellman submitted for publication 1999.0 
qos control in arts/fddi continuous media communications y tobe h tokuda stc chou jmf moura proceedings of acm sigcomm  
global epidemic of human t-cell lymphotropic virus type-i ( htlv-i ) - pathophysiology prevention and rf edlich ja arnette fm williams journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
obtaining confidence measures from sentence probabilities b rueber proc .  
baring it all to software : raw machines a agarwalâ ? ¦ ieee computer  
kay : e865 monte-carlo s pislak zurich switzerland  
knowledge-based support for requirements engineering p loucopoulos rem champion information and software technology 1989.0 
analysis and simulation of a fair queueing algorithm a derners s keshav s shenker proceedings of acm sigcomm pages  
a model to query documents by contents and structure g navarro r baeza-yates proc . acm sigir  
an introduction to enumeration and graph theory 2002 m bona awt combinatorics   
distributed multimedia databases : techniques and applications tk shih  2002.0 
individual differences in internal state awareness : a neural model of neuroticism ni eisenberger md lieberman submitted for publication  
the electronic commerce trials platform pj wittgreffe c dix bt technology journal 1999.0 
lawrenece page . the anatomy of a lorge-scale hypertextual web search engine [ c ] s brin the seventh international world wide web conference  
shape priors for level set representations m rousson n paragios lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
probabilistic temporal databases i a dekhtyar r ross vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems  
rj dempster och rw reed ss blackman demonstration of multiple hypothesis tracking ( mht )  
palenque : an interactive multimedia digitalvideointeractive prototypeforchildren ks wilson proc . acm  
an overview of data warehouse and olap technology s chauduri u dayal sigmod record  
on first-order-logic databases . h rybinski acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
adaptive-level memory caches on world wide web servers c da-wei k hao-ren c rui-chuan computer networks  
cardosin b is an aspartic proteinase expressed at the extracellular matrix of the transmitting m vieira j pissarra p verissimo p castanheira  1999.0 
an exact solution of the spherical blast wave problem jl taylor phil . mag  
database estimation evaluation using multiple regression techniques j fedorowicz proc acm sigmod conference boston usa  
design and analysis of composite material vessels . ( retroactive coverage ) d hui tj kozik  1987.0 
determination of rare earth elements in environmental samples using inductively coupled plasma mass vk panday k hoppstock js becker hj dietze at . spectrosc  
incidence and student response to faculty teaching norm violations jm braxton m rogers mann new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
fikeset . al. knowledgeinterchangeformat version3 m geneserethandr 0referencemanual . technical report computer science department  
online aggregation acm sigmod int jm hellerstein pj haas hj wang conference on management of data  
imperialism : the highest stage of capitalism vi lenin   
the interpreted-compiled range of ai/db systems . acms anthology sigmod record 1989.0 
prohexadione-ca-a new plant growth regulator for apple with interesting biochemical features . p. 113 w rademacher jb speakman rr evans jr evans s proceedings of the 25 thannual meeting of the plant growth & hellip ;  
the efficacy of gloss for the text database discovery problem l gravano a tomasic   
intergenerational progress of mexican-origin workers in the us labor market sj trejo   
signature les : design and performance comparison of some signature extraction methods c faloutsos proc .  
m. and billsus gp webb d. machine learning for user modeling . user modeling and & hellip ;  
conference overview : first national conference on software engineering p hsia ieee computer  
on the goal-dependence of automatic attitude activation : a model of affective priming by two kc klauer j musch unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
marital interaction : physiological linkage and affective exchange rw levenson jm gottman journal of personality and social psychology 1983.0 
m-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metrix spaces p ciacca m patella p zezula proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very & hellip ;  
a scrape-off layer based density limit for jet elmy h-modes k borrass j lingertat r schneider contributions to plasma physics 1998.0 
pat-a reliable path following algorithm aug. 2000 d mezher b philippe submitted for  
jp airline-fleets international 98/99 32 ndedition and 99/2000 u klee   
toward creating an international technology transfer paradigm rd robinson see ref  
a model of queries for object-oriented databases w kim vldb 1989.0 
struct . bonding 2000 97 91 ; d. schrã ¶ der s. shaik h. schwarz d schrã ¶ der acc . chem . res  
tick size and market quality dc porter dg weaver financial management 1997.0 
spectroscopic study of highly stable novel inorganic hydrides from aqueous electrolysis and plasma r mills e dayalan p ray b dhandapani j he   
emotional intelligence : in search of an elusive construct m davies l stankov rd roberts journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
bipolar nickel-metal hydride aircraft battery m eskra p ralston m klein w johnson j erbacher   
an occurrence of cryptostigmatic mite around syowa station area y ohyama h sugawara proc . int . symp . antarct . rec  
clinical effects of intravenously administered dantrolene . d wedel j quinlan p iaizzo journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
states dj 1994 . the repeat pattern toolkit ( rpt ) : analyzing the structure and evolution of the c. p agarwal proc .  
foraging ranging and nesting behavior of stellerâ ?? s jays in western washington sm vigallon  2003.0 
a framework for determining efficient management configurations h abdu h lutfiyya ma bauer computer networks 2004.0 
wf 2 q : worst-case fair weighted fair queueing j bennet h zhang proc . infocom  
palladium-catalyzed-arylation of carbonyl compounds and nitriles da culkin jf hartwig acc . chem . res 2003.0 
fast multislice b 1-mapping s topp e adalsteinsson dm spielman proc int soc magn reson med  
regular tree languages over non-ranked alphabets a bruggemann-klein m murata d wood unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
laser beam welding of zinc-coated sheets and quality control r imhoff k behler e beyer d maischner & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
pep version 2.0 c stehno   
persistent acute otitis media : i. causative pathogens . m pichichero c pichichero journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
microsoft windows security resource kit b smith b komar  2003.0 
bounded ignorance : a technique for increasing concurrency in a replicated system n krishnakumar aj bernstein acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
ackoffâ ?? s fables rl ackoff isbn  
educating feminists : life histories and pedagogy . s middleton  1993.0 
seattle washington.â ?? m transit riderlink demonstration project evaluation report.â ?? & hellip ;  
zezula pm-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metric spaces [ c ] p ciaccia m patella proc of vldb  
guest editorial wireless ad hoc networks zj haas m gerla db johnson ce perkins mb selected areas in communications ieee journal on 1999.0 
a rule-based language for programming software updates m erwig d ren   
adaptive multi-stage distance join processing h shin b moon s lee proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2000.0 
integral variable structure control approach for robot manipulators tl chern   
automated authoring of coherent multimedia discourse in conversation systems mx zhou s pan   
'' the comedian as the letter c '' f murphy wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1962.0 
matrix metalloproteinases and metastasis de kleiner wg stetler-stevenson cancer chemotherapy and pharmacology 1999.0 
web services selection for distributed composition of multimedia content m wagner w kellerer proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the decomposition of leaves in two southern california streams sd hart  1975.0 
taking the distance out of education mm watts new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
multiple-instance learning of real-valued data ra amar dr dooly sa goldman q zhang   
development of a bipolar element for pe-fuel cells fn bã 1/4 chi m ruge demonstration in  
a typology of elderly migration based on the decision making process rf wiseman cc roseman economic geography 1979.0 
recent bt patents acc brennan bt technology journal 2001.0 
temporal data management a shoshani vldb 1986.0 
jh and blott s. : a quantitative analysis and performance study for similarity-search methods in rs weber proceedings of 24th international conference on very large  
women and medicare kf foundation  2001.0 
acfa cryst. 1952 5,670 ; jm robertson ca beevers phil . mag  
good advice cheap ae alter r saia computerworld  
violations of stochastic dominance branch independence upper and lower cumulative independence in mh birnbaum s yeary submitted for  
michael tan . data caching and replacement s dar mj franklin bã ? jã ³ nsson d srivastava proc . very large data bases conference bombay india  
may 2001b . software engineering metrics for cots-based systems s sedigh-ali a ghafoor ra paul ieee  
demo . griddb : a relational interface to the grid dt liu mj franklin d parekh sigmod . june  
partitioning sparse rectangular matrices for parallel processing tg kolda lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
coma-asystemforflexiblecombinationofschemamatchingapproaches h do e rahm proceedings of the 28th vldb conference hong kong china (  
anterior process fracture or calcaneus secundarius : a case report-part i : anatomy injury mechanism jc hodge journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
fatal tetanus in a drug abuser with '' protective '' antitetanus antibodies fm abrahamian cv pollack jr f lovecchio r nanda journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
an experimental study of the placement of an aircraft inside a large welded zinc-plated steel pa johnson kr goldsmith seattle washington usa november  
needs assessment : concept and practice m scriven j roth new directions for program evaluation  
sarin â ?? 8 efficient monitoring of database assertions hs hammer proc . acm conf . on management of data-extension may  
new models for the formation of linear sand dunes i livingstone geography  
dynamic planar warping for optical character recognition e levin r pieraccini   
a single nine-amlno acid peptide induces virus-specific cd8 + human cytotoxic t lymphocyte clones of j zivny i kurane am leporati ma brinton fa   
hypertext systems and applications pav hall s papadopoulos information and software technology 1990.0 
y fernã ¡ ndez-chamizo c. : 1997 un enfoque basado en conocimiento para la reutilizaciã ³ n de m gã ³ mez-albarrã ¡ n p gonzã ¡ lez-calero procs . of the conferencia de la asociaciã ³ n espaã ± ola para  
relaxed currency and consistency : how to say '' good enough h guo pa larson r ramakrishnan j goldstein sql . sigmod conference  
sagas h garcia-monina k salem proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
extended fuzzy cognitive maps . in 92 ieee int conf fuzzy syst fuzz-ieee m hagiwara san diego  
erenes uv/vis spectroscopy v balzani s campagna g denti a juris s serroni acc . chem . res 1998.0 
biochemical monitoring of toxic and carcinogenic organic pollutants along the ä ° zmä ° r bay after the t boyuneä?mez  2004.0 
reengineering revisited th davenport l prusak computerworld  
an extension of the cayley-hamilton theorem for a standard pair of block matrices t kaczorek   
comparison of organic and conventional rotations at the neely-kinyon long-term agroecological km delate c cambardella & hellip ; armstrong research and demonstration farm progress report & hellip ;  
declustering databases on heterogeneous disk systems lt chen d rotem proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
logical design for temporal databases with multiple temporal types xs wang c bettini a brodsky s jajodia acm transactions on database systems 1997.0 
transformative learning : theory to practice j mezirow new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
full distribution in objectivity/db . ae wade   
astroparticle phys m gasperini g veneziano i  
related-key and slide attacks : analysis connections and improvements m ciet g piret jj quisquater   
the contexts of college teaching past and future . ke eble new directions for teaching and learning 1988.0 
brodley ce : the effect of instance-space partition on significance jp bradford machine learning  
structure and semantics in oodb class specifications ej neuhold g darmstadt sigmod record 1991.0 
geese of the yukon-kuskokwim delta : improvements or illusions js sedinger proc int waterfowl symp  
digital circuit applications of resonant tunneling devices p mazumder s kulkarni m bhattacharya jp sun gi proceedings-ieee 1998.0 
balancing histogram optimality and practicality for query result size estimation v poosala  1995.0 
implementing large production systems ina dbms environment : concepts and algorithms tk sellis cc lin l raschid proceedings of acm sigmod 1988 international conference on  
from process logic to program logic k honda   
fine scale structure of the eurasian crust and upper mantle from high-frequency waves th jordan  1995.0 
does megestrol acetate down-regulate interleukin-6 in patients with cancer-associated anorexia and a jatoi j yamashita j sloan p novotny h supportive care in cancer 2002.0 
dlfm : a transactional resource manager hi hsiao i narang sigmod conference 2000.0 
ed short staffing : it is time to take a hard look at a growing problem and strategies such as gp lenehan journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
priorities in wlans i aad c castelluccia computer networks 2003.0 
the fundamental nature of requirement engineering activities as a decision-making process a aurum c wohlin information and software technology  
filtering with approximate predicates n shivakumar h garcia-molina c chekuri proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
microsoft word version 2002 step-by-step i perspection  2001.0 
evolution of symbolic grammar systems t hashimoto t ikegami lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
franz kafka and william sansom pf neumeyer wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
grounded mos resistor . '' sa mahmoud ho elwan am soliman electronic engineering  
antibiotics for preventing recurrent urinary tract infection in non-pregnant women x albert i huertas ii pereiro j sanfelix v cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
high-speed policy based forwarding using efficient multi-dimensional range matching tv lakshman d stiliadis proceedings of acm  
education : the fuel for tech 's golden age j costello electronic business 2000.0 
voip gateways and the megaco architecture b rosen bt technology journal 2001.0 
acm sigmod record : special issue on electronic commerce a dogac acm sigmod record . acm  
full text pdf format pdf ( 190 kb ) source acm sigmod record archive t catarci if cruz acm sigmod record 1996.0 
assessing student work from chatrooms and bulletin boards jf bauer new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
sexual intercourse for cervical ripening and induction of labour j kavanagh aj kelly j thomas cochrane database syst rev 2005.0 
microporous and mesoporous materials l gora jc jansen t maschmeyer   
aplicacionesâ ?? microsoft excel m del usuario de visual basic  2000.0 
link-dependent explanation generation k kukich proceedings of the 23rd an-nual meeting of the association & hellip ;  
some reviews of current literature jr swenson acm sigmod record 1974.0 
modeling crosscutting in aspect-oriented mechanisms h masuhara g kiczales lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
surface plasmons confined by microstructures rw rendell ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1979.0 
a decomposition-based simulated annealing technique for data clustering ka hua sd lang wk lee proceedings of the thirteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1994.0 
gluconeogenesis : methodological approaches in vivo jl chiasson je liljenquist ww lacy as jennings fed proc 1977.0 
tpc-ds taking decision support benchmarking to the next level m poess b smith l kollar p larson sigmod conference 2002.0 
large elapids and arboreality : the ecology of jameson 's green mamba ( dendroaspis jamesoni ) in an l luiselli fm angelici gc akani contributions to zoology 2000.0 
probabilistic delay guarantees using delay distribution measurement k gopalan t chiueh yj lin proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
scatternet formation algorithms in the bluetooth network k balaji s kapoor aa nanavati l ramachandran submitted for  
segmenting the breast border and nipple on mammograms r chandrasekhar y attikiouzel & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems  
und narasayya vr : automated selection of materialized views and indexes for sql databases s agrawal s chaudhuri proceedings of 26th international conference on very large  
literature and social studies : a spicy mix for fifth graders . k tomasino social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
tradeoffs in processing complex join queries via hashing in multi-processor database machines ds sd901 d dewitt proc . of the intl. vldb conference melbourne australia  
costly bidding in online markets for it services em snir lm hitt management science 2003.0 
effect of enkephalins and morphine on insulin secretion from isolated rat islets ic green d perrin kc pedley rdg leslie da pyke diabetologia 1980.0 
attitude strength : one construct or many related constructs ? ja krosnick ds boninger yc chuang mk berentâ ? ¦ journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
modelling quality of service for workflows and web service processes a sheth j cardoso j miller j arnold  2002.0 
artemether-lumefantrine for treating uncomplicated falciparum malaria aa omari c preston p garner cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
north from mexico : the spanish speaking people of the united states c mcwilliams   
the indiana postsecondary-encouragement experiment . d hossler j schmit new directions for higher education 1995.0 
the functional data model and daplex dw shipman acm transactions on database systems  
embedding expert knowledge and hypothetical data bases in a data base system m stonebraker k keller   
live ego-motion estimation d nister demonstration iccv  
measurement of lateral strains of sand with lateral ldts in triaxial tests t sato y kamegai msa siddiquee e hoque y proc . 29th japan nat . conf . soil mech . found . engng morioka  
the cognition-emotion process in achievement-related contexts b weiner d russell d lerman journal of personality and social psychology  
brief announcement : concurrent maintenance of rings x li j misra cg plaxton   
an online video placement policy based on bandwidth to space ratio ( bsr ) a dan d sitaram   
â ?? parlog : a tutorial introduction . d gilbert   
rigor but not rigor mortis in depression research pc kendall ec flannery-schroeder journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
study of a gas microstrip detector for medical applications gc giakos s chowdhury a dasgupta a dasgupta p proc . int . soc . opt . eng . ( spie )  
detection of signals in chaos s haykin xb li proceedings-ieee 1995.0 
knowledge-based information acquisition : norms and the functions of consensus information dj hilton rh smith md alicke journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
files with semantics n minsky proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1976.0 
distribution abundance and aspects of the life histories of the midwater fishes from three regions tg bailey  1984.0 
silver acetate for smoking cessation t lancaster lf stead cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
smith. k. and robinson p. eds. â ?? strategies for energizing large classes : from small groups to j macgregor j cooper new directions for teaching and  
a practical environment for fortran programming a carle kd cooper rt hood k kennedy l torczon ieee computer  
maryland : supplemental report on the baltimore options program d friedlander  1987.0 
problems in the analysis of non-linear models by least squares da meeter  1964.0 
individual effects and estimation of the motives to remit from international migration e funkhouser   
phluid : the design of a parallel functional language implementation on workstations c flanagan rs nikhil proceedings of the first acm sigplan international & hellip ; 1996.0 
heavy metal toxicity part i : arsenic and mercury ka graeme cv pollack journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
fire and ice : the cascade volcanoes : the mountaineers s harris seattle washington  
developing an indexing scheme for xml document collections using the oracle8i extensibility s sundara y hu t chorma proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
parallel part segmentation for object recognition a pentland technical report 108 vision sciences media laboratory  
, and gray j. : designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives : the sloan digital sky survey as szalay pt kunszt microsoft technical report  
applying the del technique to the analysis of cross-classification data : a test of ceo succession r drazin rk kazanjian the academy of management journal 1993.0 
alon itai . maintenance of views o shmueli sigmod record  
incremental organization for data recording and warehousing s seshadri proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
management of schema evolution in databases j andany c palisser vldb 1991.0 
multidimensional binary search trees used for associative searching . com-mzm . acm 18 9 ( sept. 1975 ) jl bentley acm transactions on database systems  
instructions for applying discourse reference annotation for multiple applications ( drama ) r passonneau unpublished manuscript  
health habits and history questionnaireâ ?? diet history and other risk factors personal computer g block md  
chi '90 workshop on multimedia and multimodal interface design mm blattner rb dannenberg acm sigchi bulletin 1990.0 
an active service framework and its application to real-time multimedia transcoding acm sigcomm e amir s mccanne r katz  1998.0 
private information retrieval b chor o goldreich e kushilevitz m sudan j acm 1998.0 
purine and pyrimidine levels in cultured skin fibroblasts from control and lesch-nyhan patients sp hussain ja duley gp connolly cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
large scale parallel data mining mj zaki ct ho  2000.0 
a new fault modeling and testing technique for cmos devices yk malaiya syh su proc . int . test conf  
materializing views with minimal size to answer queries r chirkova c li   
concurrent maintenance of rings x li j misra cg plaxton   
kac algebras and duality of locally compact groups m enock jm schwartz  1992.0 
synchronization models for multimedia presentation with user interaction b prabhakaran sv raghavan proceedings of acm multimediaâ ?? 93  
feature construction with version spaces for biochemical application ld raedt s kramer proc . 18th int . conf . on machine learning  
a weak type inequality for convolution products a bellow ap calderon to  
objektorientierte spezifikation von informationssystemen teubnerâ ?? verlag 1993 [ sk94 ] a. sheth n. g saake 20th vldb conference poster paper collection  
a hypothesis-confirming bias in labeling effects jm darley ph gross journal of personality and social psychology  
an evaluation of different symbolic shallow parsing techniques p blache t van rullen procs of lrec-02  
severe rhabdomyolysis with renal failure after intranasal cocaine use bz horowitz ea panacek nj jouriles journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
anchoring in the detection of deception and leakage m zuckerman r koestner mj colella ao alton journal of personality and social psychology  
user/is team grows extranet c sliwa computerworld  
design principles of the internet architecture dd clark proc . acm sigcomm  
a primer on campus networks . s charp d hines new directions for higher education 1988.0 
linux os competitive analysis v valloppillil j cohen   
the management of conflict . mj williamsâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1985.0 
performance based design of 4 story moscone convention center expansion using steel couple girder r sahai j laws d chen f kong f castillo & hellip ; seaoc annual convention santa barbara california  
coesite and pure pyrope in high-grade blueschists of the western alps : a first record and some c chopin contributions to mineralogy and petrology 1984.0 
a combined hplc-elisa evaluation of fk 506 in transplant patients mc friob a hassoun d latinne g lhoã `` st jb otte transplant proc 1991.0 
beal ar and yoffe ad 1977a rh friend phil . mag  
mining association rules between sets of items in large database ra may proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data & hellip ;  
relation between static adhesion and contact pressure for a concentrated dispersion b fleming s biggs kp galvin proceedings of the 25 thaustralian and new zealand chemical & hellip ;  
distinct effects of semantic plausibility and semantic composition in meg l pylkkã $ nen r llinã ¡ s b mcelree   
iglue . v3 : an electronics metaphor for multimedia technologies integration t cabello-miguel o fernã ¡ ndez-barracel o garcãa proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
integrating information applications and services on the web jc lavariega lg gã ³ mez-martã nez   
genes involved in the determination of the rate of inversions at short inverted repeats mm slupska jh chiang wm luther jl stewart l genes to cells 2000.0 
remarks on two-liquid model of helium ii rb dingle phil . mag  
research in knowledge representation for natural language understanding-annual report 1 september cl sidner m bates r bobrow b goodman a haas r  1983.0 
casl : a guided tour of its design pd mosses lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
hard problems for simple logic programs yp saraiya   
auditory-visual interaction in virtual room acoustics d vã $ stfjã $ ll p larsson c olsson m kleiner bi submitted for publication  
the amino terminal and e2f interaction domains are critical for c/ebpalpha-mediated induction of lm johansen ea nelson hs radomska ek evans p blood-new york - 2003.0 
the ottawa ankle rules in asia : validating a clinical decision rule for requesting x-rays in sy tay fl thoo yy sitoh e seow hp wong journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
dictionary ofpuget salish t hess  1976.0 
on distributed processibility of datalog queries by decomposing databases g dong proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1989.0 
enterprise information integration : successes a halevyâ ? ¦ challenges and controversies acm sigmod international & hellip ;  
adhesions : laparoscopic surgery versus laparotomy s milingos g kallipolitis d loutradis a liapi annals-new york academy of sciences 2000.0 
excitatory amino acid antagonists for acute stroke kw muir kr lees cochrane database syst . rev 2003.0 
a new character-based indexing method using frequency data for japanese documents y ogawa m iwasaki proc . 18th acm sigir conf  
oktober 1993 a over de nwo-organisatie   
the trading behaviour of uk institutional investors a ersoy-bozcuk ma lasfer unpublished manuscript 2001.0 
optimizing refresh of a set of materialized views n folkert a gupta a witkowski s subramanian s proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
technical considerations in the selection of a personal emergency response system as baldwin sa syverud rf edlich journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
adaptive filters for continuous queries over distributed data streams c olston j jiang j widom sigmod conference 2003.0 
ecdeu assessment manual for psychopharmacology . rockville w guy md  
database challenges in global information systems jj ordille bp miller   
design metrics and aids to their automatic collection u heitkoetter b helling h nolte m kelly information and software technology 1990.0 
implementation of a prolog-ingres interface sp ghosh cc lin sigmod record 1988.0 
on optimal coverings by colored stable sets u faigle b fuchs b peis   
the design and construction of the holbeck hall landslide coast protection and cliff stabilisation ar clark s guest proc . 29th maff conf . of river and coastal engineers . maff & hellip ;  
data description for data independence wc mcgee acm sigmod record 1969.0 
the impact of maintainability on component-based software systems m matinlassi e niemelã $ the proc . of the 29th euromicro conference . ieee computer & hellip ;  
classroom assessment across the disciplines r eisenbach v golich r curry new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
operator theory . | academic press gjm c-algebras san diego  
the demokritos meteorological research tower gt amanatidis  1990.0 
tangible weather channel yc hsu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
the use of cluster analysis in physical design ja hoffer dg serverance proc . first international conference on very large data & hellip ;  
spectral wave attenuation by bottom friction : theory os madsen yk poon hc graber proc . 21st int . conf . on coastal engineering  
theory and analysis for optimization of composite multi-row bolted joints lj hart-smith & hellip ; structures technology conference seattle washington  
pink 's model and lipid membranes k kubica cellular and molecular biology letters 1997.0 
the formula commonly used to calculate velocity change in vehicle collisions r smith proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1998.0 
mining quantitative association rules r srikant r agrawal proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
an object-oriented endronment for ois applications om nierstrasz dc tsichritzis proc . vldb  
a computational and experimental study of the scavenging flow in the transfer duct of a motored two - jp creaven rg kenny r fleck g cunningham proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
workshop on performance and architecture of web servers k kant p mohapatra acm sigmod record 2000.0 
why ethics in citizenship education ? . wc parker social studies and the young learner 1988.0 
dasd dancing : a disk load balancing scheme for video-on-demand systems jl wolf ps yu h shachnai proceedings of acm sigmetrics  
the business of software in the zone : the need for flexible roles p armour communications-acm 2003.0 
translinear circuits-25 years on . pt . 1 : the foundations b gilbert electronic engineering 1993.0 
how senior managers think . d isenberg computerworld. 1984.0 
sequence analysis of a 3.5 b contig in human 19p13 . 3 containing a serine protease gene cluster je lamerdin pm mccready e skowronski aw adamson   
an algorithm for in-core frequent itemset mining on streaming data r jin g agrawal submitted for publication 2004.0 
rollin ` down the river : an interdisciplinary study l sammons j waters social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
inner functions : results methods problems ab aleksandrov proc . int . cong . math. berkeley  
on optimal node splitting for r-trees yj garcia ma lopez st leutenegger proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
two writes make a read jd victor ieee computer  
globalised manufacturing and technology transfer strategiesâ ?? the development of a technology dj bennett kg vaidya hy zhao xm wang & hellip ; of the sixth international conference on management of & hellip ;  
cooperation for cost-effectiveness in purchasing m dorger new directions for higher education 1999.0 
understanding semantic relationships vc storey the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
high dose chemotherapy and autologous bone marrow or stem cell transplantation versus conventional c farquhar r basser j marjoribanks a lethaby cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
3-designs from psl ( 2 q ) with block size 6 and their large sets gr omidi mr pournaki b tayfeh-rezaie   
numerical database management system : a model ooa daini proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
hmap-a temporal data model managing intervals with different granularities and indeterminacy from c combi g pozzi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
an optimal representative set selection method jg lee cg chung information & software technology 2000.0 
reverse synthesis compilation for architectural research mg stan841 jl hennessy v sarkar technical report # 257 computer systems laboratory stanford  
grades : their influence on students and faculty f janzow j eison new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
adaptive speech noise reduction w jiang h malvar  1999.0 
random sampling from b + trees f olken d rotem vldb 1989.0 
guest editor 's introduction : imaging in medical education p dev   
in ultrastructure processing of ceramics glasses and composites j livage m henry san diego  
web payoffs now j maglitta computerworld  
digital signal processing . a computer based approach km sanjit santa barbara : university of california  
ands . chaudhuri . finding faces in photographs an rajagopalan ks kumar j karlekar r & hellip ; . of internationalconferenceoncomputervision bombay india  
compass : a concept-based web search engine for html xml and deep web data ( demo ) j graupmann m biwer c zimmer p zimmer m bender  2004.0 
krpm 1,100 f magnetic bearings for jet turbine engines m mekhichen proc . of 7th int . symp on magnetic bearings 2000.0 
chronic hibernating myocardium and chronic atrial fibrillation ; a prelude to apoptosis gd dispersyn j ausma f thonã © w flameng ju   
offering a precision-performance tradeoff for aggregation queries over replicated data . submitted c olston j widom stanford technical report http : / / ~ w ~ - db stanford edu/pub /  
static and dynamic modelling of materials forging cal bailer-jones djc mackay tj sabin pj withers aust . j. intelligent information processing systems 1998.0 
trade and conflict : assessing the impact of interdependence on militarized conflict . k barbieri unpublished manuscript  
ima : technical foundations application and performance analysis m postigo-boix j garcia-haro m aguilar-igartua computer networks 2001.0 
numerical analysis problem solving system jr rice s rosen proc . 21st acm nat .  
the effect of therapeutic touch on disruptive behaviors of individuals with dementia of the dl woods seattle : university of washington  
the ciliary epithelium and aqueous humor j caprioli see ref  
svmfu r rifkin   
discussion of gass jdm . pathogenesis of hemorrhagic disciform lesion of the posterior ocular fundus . ae maumenee md  
xcerpt and visxcerpt : from pattern-based to visual querying of xml and semistructured data ( s berger f bry s schaffert c wieser   
amalgamating knowledge vs subrahmaniam acm trans . database systems  
multigranularity locking in multiple job classes transaction processing system s ng s hung acm sigmod record 1995.0 
optimal multi-step k-nearest neighbour queries t seidl hp kriegel proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference  
the rewards of teaching wj mckeachie new directions for teaching and learning : motivating & hellip ;  
on certain graphs with linearly bounded ramsey numbers a kostochka v rodl   
solution of systems of linear inequalities on a digital computer a orden proc . acm 1952.0 
between asia and global community : india and china in comparative perspective s mansingh international studies-bombay then new delhi - 2002.0 
development of fuel elements for power reactors operating on fast neutrons is golovnin yk bibilashvili ts menâ ?? shikova at .  
combinatorial scheduler : simulation & optimization algorithm t aoki s nakayama m yamamoto m hashimoto j   
the determinants of daily travel-activity patterns : relative location and sociodemographic factors s hanson urban geography  
algorithms for mining distance-based outliers in large datasets em knorr rt ng vldb 1998.0 
a parameterized interpreter for modeling different aop mechanisms n ubayashi g moriyama h masuhara t tamai proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
preparation of carbon nanotube catalyst a note firstnano santa barbara  
te opttmtzatzons and data integrlty in transaction systems us ( ng wr # te-ahead logglng c mohan d read-wr ibm research report rj9741 ibm almaden research center & hellip ;  
parag and s b aditya s chakrabarti r desai a hulgeri h & hellip ; in banks system : a demonstration . intâ ?? l conference of & hellip ;  
electronic brokerages for online trading p konana n menon d abramowitz electronic markets  
an overview of a few well-known national children 's gun safety programs and ena 's newly developed pk howard journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 
computer system heal thyself ld paulson   
data accessforthemasses through oledb j blakeley proc . acm sigmod conf  
general and specific interfaces : experiences with a multimedia platform d bargeron j grudin a gupta   
revealing the problems with 802.11 medium access control protocol in multi-hop wireless ad hoc s xu t saadawi computer networks 2002.0 
segmented minimax approximation cl lawson proc . acm natl. conf  
holistic twig joins on indexed xml documents h jiang w wang h lu jx yu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
better writing through electricity r rabinovitz pc magazine  
koreaâ ?? s national system for industrial innovationâ ?? l kim national technical system conference at stanford university  
economic development and consortia a watson l jordan new directions for higher education 1999.0 
a temporal evolutionary object-oriented model and its query language for medical image processing ww chuâ ? ¦ proceedings of vldb  
advances in databases and information systems adbisâ ?? 95 j bubenko l kalinichenko y zhuravlev proc . 2nd int . worlshop moscow  
avatar mediated conversational interfaces r colburn m cohen s drucker  2000.0 
basic mountaineering 3rd edition 6th printing h mandolf san  
participative governance bodies in higher education : report of a national study j gilmourâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1991.0 
evidence for racial prejudice at the implicit level and its relationship with questionnaire measures b wittenbrink cm judd b park journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
a mechanism for managing the buffer pool in a relational acm transactions on database systems vol . gm sacco m schkolnik proceedings of the 8th vldb ( mexico city sept. 1982 )  
information theoretic aspects of data bases s abiteboul m spyratos n spyratos proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
seasonal nutrition of black bears in the great smoky mountains national park tc eagle mr pelton international conference on bear research and management  
data mining on an oltp system ( nearly ) for free e riedel c faloutsos gr ganger df nagle sigmod conference 2000.0 
issues in developing real-time multimedia applications for a multiprocessor system pa subrahmanyam a sharma proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ; 1996.0 
the friction andlubrication of solids fp bowden d tabor part i  
five themes in geography and the primary-grade learner . cl salter c riggs-salter social studies and the young learner 1988.0 
ultrastructure processing of ceramic glasses and composites c sanchez f babonneau s doeuff a leaustic  1987.0 
vertebrate non-receptor protein-tyrosine kinase families k neet t hunter genes to cells 1996.0 
discovery and evaluation of graph-based hierarchical conceptual clusters i jonyer dj cook lb holder journal of machine learning research  
concurrent object-oriented programming languages c tomlinson m scheevel acm press frontier series 1989.0 
e. and kang y.â ?? ra ndomized algor ithms f or optiâ ?? m izin g imse joi n queries.â ?? y ioannidis proc . sigmod  
community food webs : data and theory je cohen f briand cm newman  1990.0 
scheduling i planning submitted  
efficiency and equity in augmenting water supply lj mercer wd morgan  1973.0 
an active memory as a model for information fusion s wrede m hanheide c bauckhage g sagerer   
a limited sampling strategy for the measurement of cyclosporine auc a johnston i sketris jt marsdenâ ? ¦ transplant proc 1990.0 
a framework for parallel processing of aggregate and scalar functions in object-relational dbms m jaedicke b mitschang proc . sigmod conf seattle  
realm-based spatial data types : the rose algebra . fernuniversitã $ t hagen informatik-report 141 rh gã 1/4 ting m schneider vldb  
advanced data processing in krisys : modeling concepts implementation techniques and client/server s deã?loch t hã $ rder n mattos b mitschang j the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
light scattering by small particles 1dover hc van de hulst new york  
japan 's newest dam . i brightmer geography 1991.0 
social value orientations and impressions of partner 's honesty and intelligence : a test of the might pam van lange d michael kuhlman journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
site-directed mutagenesis of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 reverse transcriptase at amino acid h pelemans a aertsen k van laethem am vandamme virology-new york - 2001.0 
research and practice in federated information systems w hasselbring wj van den heuvel gj houben rd sigmod record 2000.0 
and the american obesity association . guidance for treatment of adult obesity . shape up america ! su america md  
the argument for making large classes seem small jl cooper p robinson new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
extranet services target health care b cole-gomolski computerworld  
robotic gait training : toward more natural movements and optimal training algorithms dj reinkensmeyer d aoyagi j emken j galvez w   
unsupervised adaptive filtering k torkkola volume  
the art and theory of dynamic programming se dreyfus am law  1977.0 
distribution and abundance of fishes and invertebrates in north atlantic estuaries . elmr rep. no. 13 sh jury jd field sl stone dm nelson me monaco md  
hand recognition using geometric classifiers y bulatov s jambawalikar p kumar s sethia lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
formalization and correctness of a concurrency control algorithm for an open and safe nested sk madria sn maheshwari b chandra proceedings of 8th international conference on management of & hellip ;  
women journal writing and the reflective process ea peterson am jones new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
r validation and performance evaluation for distributed queries lf mackert gm lohman proc . 12th int . vldb  
a unique cell contact in the adrenal cortex ds friend proc . 29th electron microsc . soc . amer  
processing sliding window multi-joins in continuous queries over data streams l golab proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
liberal education inquiry and academic organization . fs weaver new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
the next steps sql standardization  2000.0 
risky subjects : changing geographies of employment in the automobile industry d butz d leslie area 2001.0 
understanding geographic space without the use of vision ( nsf final report sbr95-14907 ) rg golledge m blades r kitchin d jacobson & hellip ; ofgeography university of california santa barbara  
temporal semantic assumptions and their use in database query evaluation c bettini xs wang s jajodia   
on improved performance guarantees through the use of slack times s baruah j haritsa submitted for  
a compiler to implement lotos specifications in distributed environments k yasumoto t higashino k taniguchi computer networks 2001.0 
the real-time cost of timing uncertainty : consensus and failure detection . sm thesis s ponzio report mit/lcs/tr -518 laboratory for computer science mit  
the effect of food and cholestyramine on the absorption of cyclosporine in cardiac transplant a keogh r day l critchley g duggin d baron transplant proc 1988.0 
the acquisition of anaphora by simple recurrent networks r frank d mathis w badecker  2005.0 
braids trees and operads arx iv : math j morava   
machine learning for intelligent information access gj karakoulas g semeraro   
kinetic model for oscillations in a cycle of enzymatic reactions related to methoxyphenols j sielewiesiuk a czubla e malarczyk m pazdzioch cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
choosing the best storage system for video service al chervenak da patterson rh katz & hellip ; of the third acm international conference on multimedia 1995.0 
transmission of information by orthogonal functions hf harmuth  1969.0 
toward automatic detection of software failures t savor re seviora ieee computer 1998.0 
a note on the determinents of corporate debt capacity sc myers unpublished manuscript  
microwave-stimulated incubation in immunoelectron microscopy : a quantitative study pe zondervan a de jong cwj sorber lp kok wc de the histochemical journal 1988.0 
adoption of computer aided software engineering ( case ) technology : an innovation adoption g premkumar m potter acm sigmis database 1995.0 
metabolic effect of thyroid hormones in handbook of physiology sec. 7 : endocrinology vol . iii fl hock md  
a data transformation system for biological data sources p buneman sb davidson k hart c overton l wong vldb 1995.0 
genetic loads and the cost of natural selection jf crow mathematical topics in population genetics 1970.0 
implementing internet remote login on a personal computer lj konopelski mit/lcs/tm 233 laboratory for computer science massachusetts  
analyzing the role of aspects in software design jad pace mr campo communications-acm 2001.0 
an investigation of cloning in web applications d rajapakse s jarzabek submitted for  
priti mishra margaret eich fc in oo databases sigmod record 1992.0 
the realities and options of practice . s vernon new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
terraserver : a spatial data warehouse t barclay dr slutz j gray sigmod conference  
obturator hernia : the usefulness of emergent computed tomography for early diagnosis-a new technique r terada s ito h kidogawa k kashima h ooe journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
solid state electronics laboratory lw james stanford university ) technical report no. 5221-2 1969 (  
incremental clustering for mining in a data warehousing environment m ester hp kriegel j sander m wimmer x xu vldb 1998.0 
image thresholding techniques : quantitative performance evaluation m sezgin b sankur submitted for publication  
what 's so different about the world wide web anyway ? m bieber s conger b ives w janko bo ` keefe proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1998.0 
hiding in the crowd : can mortality salience promote affiliation with others who oppose one 's a wisman sl koole journal of personality and social psychology 2003.0 
barriers to clinical computing in american hospitals vw slack hl bleich procs . medinfo  
discrete principal component analysis w buntine   
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization p roy s seshadri s sudarshan s bhobe   
energy-efficient data collection for bluetooth-based sensor networks h mathias d jan t dirk ieee instrumentation and measurement technology conference & hellip ;  
formal specification of a persistent object management system j murphy j grimson information and software technology 1993.0 
a dynamic clustering technique for physical database design jm chang ks fu   
code complete : a practical handbook of software production s mcconnell  1993.0 
hinge joints : do they really exist k halvorsen p westblad a lundberg proceedings of the fifth international symposium 3-d & hellip ;  
an o ( n ) algorithm for transistor stacking with performance constraintsâ ?? ra rutenbar  1996.0 
enterprise in higher education g clark geography  
neural vision sensors for surface defect detection s malki l spaanenburg n ray   
women 's career development in trade unions : the need for a holistic approach mc lundy new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
intestinal capillaries . i f clementi ge palade permeability to  
the chairperson and teaching . ka trask new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
modeling policy interventions tf cooley sf leroy n raymon & hellip ; university of california santa barbara ca and university & hellip ;  
personas participatory design and product development : an infrastructure for engagement j grudin j pruitt   
virus taxonomy : classification and nomenclature of viruses : seventh report of the international mhv van regenmortelâ ? ¦   
september 1994 . the plasma earth process : a versatile solid mixed waste treatment technology . php rl gillins washington dc and in seattle  
reconstructing an urban and regional political economy : on the state politics scale and g macleod m goodwin political geography 1999.0 
timing and frequency synchronization in ofdm systems using the cyclic prefix m sandell jj van de beek po borjesson proc . int . symp .  
two types of granule cells in the cerebellar cortex yi arshavskii mb berkinblit im gel ` fand vs neirofiziologiya i  
fast on-line index construction by geometric partitioning n lester a moffat j zobel proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
supra note 31 at 135 ( citing tinga v. shekeda 1970 aac30 ) . however pursuant to the maintenance s ncube   
exactly solved models in statistical mechanics academic press rj baxter san diego  
the brittle fracture of alumina below 1000 c j congleton nj petch sa shiels phil . mag  
development and validation of a detailed reaction mechanism for the combustion of small hydrocarbons aa konnov proc. 28th int . symp . on combustion edinburgh uk  
the analogue of shafarevich conjecture for cy manifolds i. k liu a todorov st yau k zuo to  
the cognitive functions of linguistic categories in describing persons : social cognition and gr semin k fiedler journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
endohedral rare-earth fullerene complexes ' in fullerenes ' 93 eg suâ ? ¦ santa barbara  
the bloomba personal content database r stata p hunt mg thiruvalluvan   
web-based consumer decision tools : motivations and constraints k mathieson electronic markets 1999.0 
path expressions for complex queries and automatic database program conversion b shneiderman g thomas vldb  
the support of the available bit rate bearer capability using virtual source/destination concepts jl adams aj smith bt technology journal 1995.0 
web services and context horizons c shirky   
a global inventory of hospitals using powder-free gloves : a search for principled medical leadership em jackson ja arnette ml martin wm tahir l journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
computing representations of discourse structure sh corston-oliver  1998.0 
fractal dimensions of time series in turbulent flows kr sreenivasan a juneja unpublished manuscript.  
interview by lynne greeley 17 november 2001 se case san  
viscous flow through pipes with cores nav piercy ms hooper hf winny phil . mag  
aquery : query language for ordered data optimization techniques a lerner d shasha and experiments . technical report march 2003 . csdocs . cs . nyu .  
faculty evaluation . km stroup new directions for higher education 1983.0 
a high-level user interface for update and retrieval in relational databases - language aspects g vossen v brosda   
the model loqic of pro- . grams z manna a pnueli & hellip ; reportr computer science dept. stanford university  
desmopressin for minimising perioperative allogeneic blood transfusion da henry aj moxey pa carless do ` connell b cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
piece resolution : towards larger perspectives s coulondre e salvat lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
application program conversion due to data base changes syw su vldb 1976.0 
connected domination graphs of tournaments and digraphs dc fisher jr lundgren sk merz kb reid   
perspectives of the use of tissue culture models as an alternative to human prostate cancer j romijn s erkens-schulze fh schroder contributions to  
design multicast protocols for non-cooperative networks 2004 w wang xy li z sun submitted for  
development life cycle has 10 milestones . g guttman computerworld. 1984.0 
adaptive optical systems technology pl wizinowich proc . spie 2000.0 
citizenship knowledge in young learners . j passe social studies and the young learner 1991.0 
auble ( 1998 ) . new techniques for open vocabulary spoken document retrieval m wechsler e munteanu p sch proc . acm  
persistent threads u hamburg vk stral3e   
o. shmueli-composite event model specification in active databases : model and implementation nh gehani hv jagadish proceedings  
color-based probabilistic tracking p perez c hue j vermaak m gangnet lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
a model of authorization for next-generation database systems r fausto b elisa k won w darrell acm trans on database systems  
a systematic approach to ultrasonic slurry gfaas nj miller-ihli at . spectrosc  
thin solid films dc meyer aa levin p paufler   
penetrating head injury in children : a case report and review of the literature j koestler r keshavarz journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
compression and decompression of digital seismic waveform data for storage and communication ys bhadauria v kumar  1991.0 
impact assessment on electronic publishing in the federal republic of germany : part one . u riehm b wingert k boehle i gabel-becker m electronic library 1989.0 
liminality religion and the ( re ) construction of community . paper given to the a hayford annual conference of the association of american geographers  
stabbing triangulations by lines in three dimensions pk agarwal b aronov s suri proc . 11th acm sympos . comput . geom  
for the pierre auger collaboration p ghia proc . 28th icrc ( tsukuba japan 2003 )  
examining edge congestion mst carpendale r xing proceedings of acm chi &#39; 94 2001.0 
interpreting the components of a smooth goodness of fit test for normality am carolan jcw rayner  2000.0 
the economy of mauritius during the second dutch occupation ( 1664â ?? 1710 ) in globalization and the d sleigh proc . int . sem  
information processing as an integrating concept in organizational design ml tushman da nadler the academy of management review 1978.0 
widom . resourcesharingincontinuoussliding-windowaggregates a arasuandj technical report 2004-15 stanford university  
a study of the aerosol of santiago de chile . 3 . light absorption measurements h horvath l catalan a trier at . env.  
an inherently lossless and bandwidth efficient scheme for periodic broadcast of vbr video i nikolaidis f li a hu proc . acm sigmetricsâ ?? 00  
rochester 's intelligent gateway ka lantz kd gradischnig ja feldman rf rashid ieee computer  
educator and architect partnerships for success j butz new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
a proof for a generalized nakayama conjecture a maroti   
gaining public understanding for the liberal arts . lt benezet fw magnusson new directions for higher education 1979.0 
random and imprinted monoallelic expression d watanabe dp barlow genes to cells 1996.0 
verb classes and alternations in bangla german english d jones r berwick f cho z khan k kohl n and korean . technical report massachusetts institute of  
xlib-c language x interface version 9 j gettys r newman technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions . '' l ayâ ? ¦ proceedings of the vldb conference  
an algorithm for linearly constrainted adaptive array processing ieeexplore.ieee.org   
ginkgo biloba for cognitive impairment and dementia j birks ev grimley m van dongen cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
computing a 3-dimensional cell in an arrangement of quadrics : exactly and actually m hemmer e schomer n wolpert   
family migration and the employment of married women and men . tj cooke aj bailey economic geography 1996.0 
de vries mark g. lm van doorn henk m. blanken & peter mg apers the mirror mmdbms architecture p arjen proceedings of the international conference on very large  
adaptative blind identification of convolutive mixtures n delfosse p loubaton proc . int . conf . asilomar  
the oberon system : user guide and programmer 's manual m reiser  1991.0 
content management systems at a glance j clyman pc magazine  
a consensus glossary of temporal database concepts csjj clifford r elmasri c dyreson f grandi wkn sigmod record 1994.0 
ndfloating voters in us presidential elections 1948-2000 j zaller unpublished  
on the content of materialized aggregate views s grumbach l tininini   
â ?? grundkurs des steuerrechts bd . 3 buchfã 1/4 hrungstechnik und bilanzsteuerrecht â ?? stuttgart 2001 r wuttke w weidner  1784.0 
metadata standards for data warehousing : open information model vs. common warehouse metamodel [ j ] t vetterliy a vaduvaz m staudty sigmod record  
the future of nanocomputing g bourianoff   
chapter 17 : reputation . peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies ed . andy oram r lethin oâ ?? reilly and associates  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?receiver - driven layered multicast ã cents â ? ¬ â ? s mccanne v jacobson proceedings of acm sigcomm ã cents  
lectures in theoretical physics edited by we brittin ( interscience new york 1959 ) rj glauber vol .  
atmospheric deposition and forest nutrient cycling dw johnson se lindberg  1992.0 
chemotherapy with etoposide vincristine doxorubicin bolus cyclophosphamide and oral prednisone g akpek hk koh s bogen coâ ?? hara fm foss   
performing tasks in networks with a constant fraction of non-faulty processors bs chlebus l gasieniec dr kowalski aa   
maggard clan connection ( posted at www . gencircles . com ) '' ro ` hagan   
diverse divers : physiology and behavior gl kooyman  1989.0 
adaptive and incremental processing for distance join queries hsbms lee   
elective delivery in diabetic pregnant women m boulvain c stan o irion cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
is considered d lomet bpsw caching sigmod record  
the nature of nursing v henderson   
vhdl langage modã © lisation synthã ¨ se 2ã ¨ me ã © dition presses polytechniques et universitaires r airiau jm bergã © v olive j rouillard   
evaluation of the forest fires of 1998 in east kalimantan indonesia using multi-temporal ers-2 sar f siegert aa hoffmann & hellip ; conference on data management and modelling using remote & hellip ;  
1975 national computer conferenceâ ?? report on selected sessions j hiles ieee computer  
job characteristics of a production parallel scientific workload on the nasa ames ipsc/860 dg feitelson b nitzberg lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
engineers must make manufacturing a prior . ity l maliniak electronic design  
the marx-engels reader rc tucker new york  
can we push more constraints into frequent pattern mining j pei j han proceedings of the sixth acm sigkdd international conference & hellip ; 2000.0 
support vector machines : theory and applications t evgeniou m pontil   
an extensive logic simulation method of very large scale computer design m miyoshi y ooshima a sugiyama n onizuka n proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
on the theory of the magnetic influence on spectra ; and on the radiation from moving ions j larmor phil . mag  
enhancing the resistance of a provably secure key agreement protocol to a denial-of-service attack s hirose k matsuura lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
extending maple to the grid : design and implementation d petcu d dubu m paprzycki   
visual information systems : new hope for decision makers . m borgmann computerworld. 1985.0 
the possibility of postnationality in the case of european union citizenship ã ? ay  2003.0 
motion interpolation by optimal control ls brotman an netravali acm siggraph computer graphics 1988.0 
developing dual user interfaces for integrating blind and sighted users : the homer uims ` in katz i. a savidis c stephanidis proceedings of acm chi &#39; 95  
quantifying completion r lowen b windels submitted for  
development of a diesel vehicle operator co2 exposure meter mk gangal ed dainty procs . 6th us mine ventilation symposium  
stability and level of self-esteem as predictors of anger arousal and hostility mh kernis bd grannemann lc barclay journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
corporate support in the aftermath of a natural disaster : effects on employee strains ji sanchez wp korbin dm viscarra the academy of management journal 1995.0 
smallman and westmacott pb hirsch j silcox phil . mag  
generalized contextualization method for xml information retrieval p arvola m junkkari j kekã $ lã $ inen proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
lo and tomaso poggio . information dissemination and aggregation in asset markets with simple n chan b lebaron w andrew technical report cbcl no. 164 massachusetts institute of  
panigrahy . consistenthashingandrandomtrees : distributedcachingprotocolsfor relievinghot spotson the d karger e lehman f leighton m levine d lewin proc . acm sotc may  
dynamic address configuration in mobile ad hoc networks y sun em belding-royer   
sexual assault nurse examiner ( sane ) program coordinator co ` brien journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
an adaptive energy-efficient and low-latency mac for data gathering in wireless sensor networks g lu b krishnamachari cs raghavendra   
differential chaos shift keying : a robust coding for chaos communication g kolumban b vizvari w schwarz a abel proc . ndes  
inductive completion of monoidal categories and infinite net computations v sassone j meseguer u montanari submitted for  
around the turn of the century i would guess b area at  
too close for comfort : sex differences in response to invasions of personal space jd fisher d byrne journal of personality and social psychology  
compressing sql workloads s chaudhury acm sigmod  
asim reference manual . alewife systems memo 28 d nussbaum  1991.0 
a graphic method to simulate garment fitting on a human body model in various posture r matsuda h imaoka fiber 1995.0 
news on-demand for multimedia networks g miller g baber m gilliland   
distributed processing of logic programs o wolfson a silberschatz proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
richard wright ( 1908-1960 ) : a selected checklist of criticism jr bryer wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1960.0 
heuristic principles for the design of artificial neural networks s walczak n cerpa information & software technology 1999.0 
orienting of visual attention r klein a kingstone a pontefract eye movements and visual cognition : scene perception and & hellip ; 1992.0 
discriminative justice : can discrimination be just ? ts rocco sj gallagher new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
fuzzy association rules in large databases with quantitative attributes cm kuok a fu mh wong acm sigmod records march  
future of ip backbone networks comprising hikari ( photonic mpls ) routers s okamoto proc . 28th european conference on optical communication ( & hellip ;  
tetanus prophylaxis following ocular injuries wh benson is snyder v granus jv odom journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
congress vienna 1980 . 1981 ja emerton   
effects of instructional procedures on learning a first programming language p bayman  1983.0 
mclover : mobile content-based leaf image retrieval system s kim y tak y nam e hwang proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
semantic verification for fact seeking engines d roussinov w fan fad neves   
couch potato pcs . b brown pc  
study on elliptical properties of single-fed circularly polarized microstrip antenna m haneishi t nambara s yoshida electronic letters  
personal communication d honneycut santa barbara california december  
syntactic and morphological contributions to processing subject-object asymmetries m bader  1997.0 
socializing new chairs jr thomas jh schuh new directions for higher education 2004.0 
the sciences and liberal arts : reaching a common language . c vest new directions for higher education 1994.0 
a model for backup archive and restore-a proposal to x / @ est. dm choy a saxena ibm almaden research report  
acute renal vascular occlusion : an uncommon mimic sk hall journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
dual-doppler radar analysis of an oklahoma squall-line system bf smull ra houze conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
active views for electronic commerce s abiteboul vldb 1999.0 
synthesis of operating procedures for complete chemical plants part i : hierarchical structured l ramachandran s george lispe technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
lane detection and tracking by video sensors j goldbeck b huertgen   
barcelona : mondadori 2000 . 232 p n desgracia   
superhard nc-tin/a-bn/a-tib 2 and nc-mnn/a-metal nanocrystalline composite coatings p karvankova munich : technical university munich  
vacillation in spherical couette flow p zhang k zhang  2002.0 
acute short-term memory loss from trimethyltin exposure nn yanofsky d nierenberg jh turco journal of emergency medicine 1991.0 
middlegrunden 40 mw offshore wind farm a prestudy for the danish offshore 750 mw wind program hc soerensen jh larsen fa olsen j svenson sr   
botanische untersuchungen fiber schimmelpilze o brefeld i -- iv  
powerherd : dynamically satisfying peak power constraints in interconnection networks l shang ls peh nk jha proc . int . conf . supercomputing  
additional resources . wt daly new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
the theory of probability bv gnedenko   
the totem process group membership and interface ca lingley-papadopoulos  1994.0 
hierarchical source routing using implied costs m montgomery g veciana computer networks 2000.0 
the nesc language : a holistic approach to networked embedded systems d gay p levis r von behren m welsh e brewer d   
carbon reinforcements and carbon/carbon composites e fitzer lm manocha  1998.0 
searching for components t harbert electronic business  
make a difference ! elementary service projects . b wolfenbarger s turner d lerner b sloyer j social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
compounds and complex predicates : evidence from japanese for a â ?? globalâ ?? parameter n miyoshi proceedings of the 23rd boston university conference on & hellip ;  
profile of mood states manual . edits/educational and industrial testing service m mcnair m lorr l droppleman  1992.0 
inhibition of virus multiplication by foreign nucleic acid . z rotem ra cox nature i 1963.0 
the target zone controversy r dornbusch  1999.0 
visualization study of natural gas direct injection combustion z huang s shiga t ueda h nakamura t ishima t   
surface engineering to extend service life : new uses for traditional steels ma zampronio a cabo ah bott pev miranda proc . iev94 int . congress 29th juneâ ?? 1st july buenos & hellip ;  
wanted : programmers for handheld devices d kiely   
approach-withdrawal and cerebral asymmetry : emotional expression and brain physiology i rj davidson p ekman cd saron ja senulis wv journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
dealing with customersâ ?? leakage h report   
dual chamber versus single chamber ventricular pacemakers for sick sinus syndrome and j dretzke wd toff gy lip j raftery a fry-smith cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
nonlinear singular perturbation phenomena : theory and applications kw chang fa howes  1984.0 
teaching in learning communities . f gabelnick j macgregor rs matthews bl smith new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
a perspective on id k ekanadham acm press frontier series 1991.0 
the reaction of ammonium dinitramide under thermal load kj krautle aj atwood proc . 29th jannaf combust . subcommittee  
using bilingual materials to develop word sense disambiguation methods kw church proceedings of acm sigir conference  
simulation study of the capacity effects of dispersity routing for fault-tolerant real-time channels ab ban961 proc . acm sigcomm 1961.0 
a dbms for large statistical databases mj turner r hammond p cotton vldb 1979.0 
knowledge discovery in alarm data analysis j shao proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ; 1996.0 
continuous media data manegement k kawagoe sigmod record  
estimating case development size from outline specifications s cockcroft information and software technology 1996.0 
cond-mat/0306374 a pluchino v latora a rapisarda submitted for  
mp and morris on r. 1995 . orthogonally persistent systems on atkins the vldb  
budgeting for academic quality : structures and srategies . d jones new directions for higher education 1984.0 
the importance of seed source in programmes to increase species diversity in arable systems m keller  1999.0 
nonlinear dynamics and stochastic behavior of semiconductor lasers with optical feedback j moerk  1989.0 
physiotherapy for patients with parkinsonâ ?? s disease ( cochrane review ) kh deane d jones ed playford y ben shlomo ce cochrane database syst rev  
a randomized sorting algorithm on the bsp model av gerbessiotis cj siniolakis   
staffing and organizational development . tr harvey new directions for higher education 1975.0 
a flexible system for creating music while interacting with the computer z obrenovic proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
social behavior of black bears at a garbage dump in jasper national park s herrero international conference on bear research and management  
greedy numeration systems and recognizability m hollander unpublished manuscript  
ullmannâ ?? s encyclopedia of industrial chemistry s topham electronic  
model-enabled control of hybrid systems s mcilraith g biswas m fromherz j howe r fikes   
the support of autonomy and the control of behavior el deci rm ryan journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
dolphin : intelligent meeting support across liveboards local and remote desktop environments n striz jh geibler j hol proc . of acm  
pupilsâ ?? attitudes towards geography in lower school : an investigation into gender differences j bramwell geography  
catastrophic interference with coral atoll ecosystems dr stoddart geography  
antivirals for the common cold to jefferson d tyrrell cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
a stateless approach for improving tcp performance using diffserv e altman   
implications of nd-isotopic study of proterozoic garnet amphibolites and wollastonite skarns from ar basu be faggart m sharma proc . 28th internat . geol . congr . washington dc  
andreina ca ( 1999 ) . scalingem ( expectation-maximation ) clustering to large databases ps bradley um fayyad technical report no . msrtr-98-35 seattle microsoft  
group communication using modular protocol stacks sp rana ma fisher pf mckee bt technology journal 2000.0 
zhe development of scientific thinking skills d kohn e amsel mo ` loughlin  1988.0 
towards on-line analytical mining in large databases j han sigmod record 1998.0 
rpj : producing fast join results on streams through rate-based optimization y tao ml yiu d papadias m hadjieleftheriou n proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
pianoforte : a system for piano education beyond notation literacy sw smoliar   
ultra-wide bandwidth instrument product based on josephson junctions er hanson gkg hohenwarter sr whiteley sm faris proc . int . conf . computer  
the emergence of affluence in beijing : residential social stratification in china 's capital city x hu dh kaplan urban geography 2000.0 
stopâ ?? andâ ?? go queueing framework for eongesticm management sja golestani proc acm  
a multi-method for defining the organizational change s nurcan c rolland information & software technology 2003.0 
patterns ofthe hypnotic techniques ofmilton h. erickson r bandler j grinder md  
automatic subspace clustering of high dimensional data for data mining applications a rakesh j gehrke d gunopulosâ ? ¦   
automobile air bag-mediated injury : a case presentation sa weinman journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 
an overview of cafe specification environment k futatsugi a nakagawa proceedings  
adaptive partial feedback linearization of induction motors r marino s peresada p valigi   
on completeness of historical relational data models j clifford a croker a tuzhilin acm transactions on database systems  
physical medicine modalities for mechanical neck disorders ar gross pd aker ch goldsmith p peloso cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
tods report r snodgrass acm sigmod record 2005.0 
rewards for teaching c knapper new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
the effects of knowledge embeddedness on the diffusion of case technologies within organizations rl purvis v sambamurthy rw zmud proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1995.0 
modelling human perception aw rix a bourret mp hollier bt technology journal  
solid modelling of post-tensioned bridge beams using finite elements p fanning a znidaric at  
the chipping forecast ng supplement supplement to nature genetics  
structural properties for two classes of combined generators pl ` ecuyer s tezuka submitted for publication  
imprecise schema : a rationale for relations with embedded subrelations hm dreizen sk chang acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
consultation using critical friends g handal new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
estimating software development effort with connectionist models p courcoux m semenou g wittig g finnie information and software technology 1997.0 
database architecture for new hardware a ailamaki   
cooperation and alliances : higher education and the use of television lg dotolo new directions for higher education 2002.0 
pu . apracticaland modularimplementation technique of extended transaction models r bargaandc proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;  
the ordering of events in a distributed system âº comm l lamport c time acm  
the next database revolution j gray   
airfoil design and data r eppler  1992.0 
typing of clinical and domestic animal strains of staphylococcus aureus by aflp am simoons-smit phm savelkoul tm starink c submitted for  
semi-automatic bug localization in software maintenance m kamkar p fritzson  1990.0 
a comparison of the coding efficiency of perceptual models rj safranek proc . spie 1995.0 
placement experiences of the youngest foster care population rm goerge f wulczyn zero to three 1999.0 
the urban geography of sars : paradoxes and dilemmas in torontoâ ?? s health care dd affonso gj andrews l jeffs urban  
interview with authors e larson san diego  
expansion caches for superscalar microprocessors jd johnson technical report csl-tr-94-630 stanford university palo alto  
jade : a high-level machine-independent language for parallel computing mc rinard dj scales ms lam ieee computer  
iterative performance and wirability improvement for fpgas s nag k roy proc . ieee/acm design automation conf  
toward decent text encoding n holmes ieee computer 1998.0 
springer verlag gmbh & co kg dt fã 1/4 r den maschinenbau   
roy automatic control for accurate navigationn around underwater structures n dabalb a terribile m bellin at  
automatic construction of valuation systems from general clauses a saffiotti e umkehrer procs of ipmu-92 . also tech . rep. tr/iridia/91  
simple singularities and simple algebraic groups p slodowy   
database research at the indian institute of technology bombay db phatak nl sarda s seshadri s sudarshan sigmod record 1996.0 
woodland culture area c ross r fernandes curriculum associates seattle washington  
regularity theory for the homogeneous boltzmann with angular cut-o c mouhot c villani  2002.0 
integration of time versions into a relational database system p dadam vy lum hd werner vldb 1984.0 
a distributed database project based on web technology j kolar i halaska z ilek czech technical university  
asymptotic stability of infinite-dimensional semi-linear systems : application to a nonisothermal i aksikas jj winkin d dochain  2004.0 
the false promise of objects j gantz computerworld  
this test is to be performed in conjunction with test 1 above p test during the demonstration of the lifting and lowering test  
a comparative analysis of evolutionary algorithms for function optimisation i de falco r del balio a della cioppa e procs . of the second workshop on evolutionary computing (  
on the light from the sky its polarization and its colour jw strutt phil . mag  
copper-dioxygen chemistry a bioinorganic challenge kd karlin z tyeklar acc . chem . res  
evidence of lower-atmospheric ozone '' sloshing '' in an urbanized valley aw ellis ml hildebrandt hjs fernando physical geography 1999.0 
a test of the social support deterioration model in the context of natural disaster k kaniasty fh norris journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
influences on internal evaluation data dependability : organizational issues and data quality control fl newman r white d zuskar e plaut new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
automatic software evaluation based on domain knowledge and formal evaluation specification bi cogan to matveeva software quality management-international conference - 1998.0 
exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained association queries rt ng lvs lakshmanan j han a pang proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data  
garbage collection for a client-server persistent object store l amsaleg mj franklin o gruber acm transactions on computer systems 1999.0 
improvement of haart-associated insulin resistance and dyslipidemia after replacement of protease r walli gm michl jr bogner fd goebel european journal of medical research 2001.0 
from the wings of drosophilia to the brains of mental patients s mednick mo huttunen unpublished manuscript  
modeling and testing of dynamic aspects of web applications y wu j offutt x du submitted for publication 2004.0 
the religious ceremonies and customs of the parsees jj modiâ ? ¦  1922.0 
professional opinions on the current state of the municipal solid waste industry in the uk a read p phillips g robinson geography  
preparation and properties of alkylphospholipid liposomes : a review r zeisig i fichtner d arndt cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
outward foreign direct investment by central european economies and restructuringâ '' m svetlicic proceedings of the 23rd annual eiba conference on global & hellip ;  
precedents for social responsibility among scientists : the american association of scientific e hodes  1982.0 
rna polymerase iii transcription rj white  1998.0 
semantic and schematic similarities between objects in databases : a context-based approach v kashyap a sheth public server 1995.0 
sg and badia . 1996 . providing better support for a class of decision support systems agd rao & hellip ; sigmod international conference on management of data ( 1996  
spatial characterization of fbgâ ?? s using layer-peeling oh waagaard e rã ¸ nnekleiv jt kringlebotn proc . 28th eur . conf . optical communication ( ecoc 2002 )  
ncgia core curriculum in giscience m goodchild university of california santa barbara  
burnham-on-crouch ad 2000 burnham-on-crouch town council p harper isbn  
some approximations to hypergeometric functions d wrinch phil . mag  
query execution techniques for caching expensive predicates jm hellerstein j naughton  1996.0 
architectural issues of transaction management in layered systems g weikum hj schek proceedings of the tenth international conference on vldb  
adaptive software testing with fixed-memory feedback ky cai b gu h hai yc li submitted for publication  
relative performance of preemption-safe locking and non-blocking synchronization on multiprogrammed mm michael ml scott   
optical waveguide theory aw snyder jd love   
toward a model for backtracking and dynamic programming maa borodin j buresh-oppenheim r impagliazzo a unpublished manuscript  
theory of intersections on the arithmetic surface sj arakelov proc . int . congr . of  
hstash kai h summetoch tou patera sthn antmetvpish tvn yucologikvn problhmatvn tvn ejhbvn [ the t kallinikaki & hellip ; doctoral dissertation university of athens greece  
a learning generalization bound with an application to sparse-representation classifiers y gat machine learning 2001.0 
prolonged versus short course of indomethacin for the treatment of patent ductus arteriosus in c herrera j holberton p davis cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
the realization of dynamic walking robot wl-10rd a takanishi m ishida y yamazaki i kato proc . int . conf . advanced robotics  
global value numbers and redundant computations '' . 15 thpopl bk rosen mn wegman fk zadeck san diego california  
the familial phylogeny of the tetraodontiformes ( acanthopterygii : pisces ) as evidenced by their r winterbottom smithsonian contributions to zoology  
high speed arithmetic design using cpl and dpl logic pyk cheungâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 23rd european solid-state circuits & hellip ;  
passing over easter : constructing the boundaries of messianic judaism s feher  1995.0 
the topsfield foundation : fostering democratic community building through face-to-face dialogue c flavin-mcdonald mh barrett new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
user to user : colorful equations in microsoft word 97 md stone pc  
uniting teacher learning : collaborative inquiry for professional development jn bray new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
neuroprotective effect of apolipoprotein e against ischemia k kitagawa m matsumoto m hori t yanagihara annals-new york academy of sciences 2002.0 
on the relative cost of sampling for join selectivity estimation pj haas jf naughton an swami proceedings of the thirteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1994.0 
jet database engine programmerâ ?? s guide d haught j ferguson  1995.0 
arvind and derek chiou . start the next generation : integrating global caches and dataflow bs ang  1994.0 
sitespecific analysis of strong motion data from the september 7 1999 athens earthquake gd bouckovalas gp kouretzis is kalogeras special issue on the catastrophic athens ( greece ) earthquake & hellip ;  
query optimization for parallel execution sg ghk w hasan r krishnamurthy proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
connection admission control of atm network using integrated mlp and fuzzy controllers nol ng ck tham computer networks 2000.0 
determination of radon daughtersdisequilibrium in air by gamma spectrometry c rangarajan vr chandrasekaran ss gopalakrishnan  1974.0 
variables in fracture energy and toughness testing of rock cc barton proceedings of the 23rd us symposium on rock mechanics  
time series similarity measures ( tutorial pm-2 ) d gunopulos g das conference on knowledge discovery in data 2000.0 
parental investment and the control of sexual selection : predicting the direction of sexual ga parker lw simmons proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
ba. and santos sm triggers in a logic data base using query-by-example jcf neves proceedings of the colloque international d &#39; lntelligence & hellip ;  
oxford university press oe dictionary   
omdoc : an infrastructure for openmath content dictionary information m kohlhase   
coming to america will docomo 's i-mode wildly successful in japan translate to the us market ? d normile electronic business 2001.0 
the many faces ofteam-teaching and learning : an overview . mj eisen new directions for adult and continuing  
use of the ramberg-ba 1 cklund rearrangement for the synthesis of medium and large heterocyclic di magee ej beck acc . chem . res 1968.0 
a method for the construction of minimum redundancy codes da human proc . ire  
switching to monotherapy with lamictal compared to valproate m kerr k kane am moorat 23rd international epilepsy proceedings  
incremental computation and maintenance of temporal aggregates j yang j widom the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
the communist movement in andhra : terror regime 1948å ? 51 â ?? in ar desai p sundarayya peasant struggles in india oxford university press bombay  
on the use of optimistic methods for concurrency control in distributed system [ a ] c ovickis proc . 6th int . conf . on distributed data management and & hellip ;  
s d. duchamp and gq maguire . ip-based protocols for mobile internetworking j ioannidi proc . of acm szgcomm  
on the physical units of nature gj stoney phil . mag  
web release date : august 30 2002 h mayr b kempf ar ofial acc . chem . res 2003.0 
learning and performing by exploration : label quality measured by latent semantic analysis r soto   
dynamic alternative routing in the british telecom trunk network rr stacey dj songhurst proc . int . switching  
web services : the next big thing ? jk waters   
improving bandwidth efficiency of video-on-demand sw carter dde long computer networks  
microwave stimulation of an immunological reaction ( cea/anti-cea ) and its use in a hjerpe me boon lp kok the histochemical journal 1988.0 
robustness principles for public key protocols r anderson r needham lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
a model-based approach to updating databases with incomplete information m winslett acm transactions on database systems 1988.0 
web question answering : is more always better ? ( 2002 ) s dumais m banko e brill j lin a ng proceedings of the 25 thannual international acm sigir  
groundnut ak singh sn nigam see ref  
tods -- the first three years ( 1976 -- 1978 ) dk hsiao acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1980.0 
comparison of fault classes in specification-based testing v okun pe black y yesha information and software technology 2004.0 
vibrotactile feedback in delicate virtual reality operations r kazman j robinson proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
muscles : testing and function . williams and wilkins baltimore ho kendall fp kendall ge wadsworth md  
lucretius and the delusions of narcissus . pr hardie md  
simultaneous biatrial contact and three-dimensional non-contact mapping improves beat-to-beat s saksena a prakash s kim rb krol g philip submitted for  
the case for and against business assumption of social responsibilities k davis the academy of management journal 1973.0 
acute quetiapine poisoning-a review of the available clinical experience fm hustey journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
storm damage insuranceâ ?? quo vadis ? s re kaufmann hr zurich switzerland  
r a. lorie and tt price . access path selection ma relational database management system pg selinger mm astrahan dd chamberlain proc . olfacm sigmod conf  
behavioral patterns of heterometallic cuboidal derivatives of [ m 3 q 4 ( h 2 o ) 9 ] 4 ( m = mo w ; q = s r hernandez-molina mn sokolov ag sykes acc . chem . res 2001.0 
characterization of classification algorithms j gama p brazdil lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
minimization of tree pattern queries s amer-yahia s cho lvs lakshmanan d srivastava   
nist electron elastic-scattering cross-section databaseâ ?? version 3.0 national institute of a jablonski f salvat cj powell md  
if you build it will they come ? a statewide two-way interactive network for distance education gs miller ww miller & hellip ; la agriculture student achievement . proceedings of the 25 & hellip ;  
the effect of age on positive and negative affect : a developmental perspective on happiness dk mroczek cm kolarz journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
refinements in resolution theory d luckmand proc . iria symp . automatic demonstration  
application of the melts of the leadâ ?? bismuth eutectic and lead as heat carriers at nuclear power bf gromov vi subbotin gi toshinskii at .  
digital subscriber lines jm cioffi p silverman t starr computer networks  
a study on the management of semantic transaction for efficient data retrieval t mun h kong   
a two-layered integration approach for product information in b2b e-commerce b omelayenko d fensel lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
feeling the elephant : some observations on agenda-setting research dl swanson communication yearbook i  
the new standard j seymour pc magazine 1993.0 
storage structures and access methods in the relational data base management system ingres . g held m stonebraker acm pacific  
a coalgebraic modelling of head-driven phrase structure grammar s kepser   
academics studying nike d boje  2002.0 
the computer as presidential factotum . jl powell new directions for higher education 1988.0 
response of shamouti orange and minneola tangelo on six rootstocks to salt stress a vardi p spiegel-roy g ben-hayyim h neumann j proc . int . citrus congress  
a fast and versatile path index for querying semi-structured data m barg rk wong database systems for advanced applications 2003 . ( dasfaa & hellip ; 2003.0 
discovery of fk-506 a novel immunosuppressant isolated from streptomyces tsukubaensis t goto t kino h hatanaka m nishiyama m okuhara transplant  
cuba communism and computing gm mesher ro briggs se goodman l press   
seq : design and implementation of a sequence database system p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan computer sciences technical report-university of wisconsin & hellip ; 1996.0 
effect ( s ) of assisted hatching on assisted conception ( ivf & icsi ) e edi-osagie l hooper p mcginlay m seif cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
integration : plug and pray b boehm c abts ieee computer  
antibiotic prophylaxis to reduce respiratory tract infections and mortality in adults receiving a liberati rdâ ?? amico tv pifferi l brazzi cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
the natural and migrational components of population changes in england and wales 1921-1931 jw webb economic geography 1963.0 
development of instructional material to improve middle school ruler reading by ka schrage  2000.0 
an approach to monitoring and assertion-checking of real-time specifications m brockmeyer f jahanian c heitmeyer b labaw proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ; 1996.0 
land policies and farm productivity in thailand . baltimore g feder t onchan y chalamwong c hangladoran md  
building a national capital in an age of globalization : the case of berlin a cochrane a passmore area 2001.0 
source international conference on management of data archive u dayal proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
multiresolution analysis of arbitrary meshes metdrt duchamp hhm lounsbery w stuetzle proceedings of acm  
tutorial : an introduction to interdomain routing and bgp tg griffin proc . acm sigcomm  
volume phase transition in a non-ionic gel y hirokawa t tanaka aip conference proceedings 1984.0 
shady practice : gender and the political ecology of resource stabilization in gambian garden / ra schroeder economic geography 1993.0 
local cortical circuits m abeles  1982.0 
postglacial sediments in union bay da mcmanus lake washington seattle washington : northwest science  
the participatory electronic product catalog : supporting customer collaboration in e-commerce p schubert electronic markets 2000.0 
the relationship of disciplinary differences and the value of class preparation time to student j franklin m theall new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
confronting value conflicts pg risser new directions for higher education 1996.0 
recursive linear hashing k ramamohanarao r sacks-davis acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 
engineering dynamic scheduler for work manager d lesaint n azarmi r laithwaite p walker bt technology journal 1998.0 
scheduling algorithms for multiprogramming in a hard-real-time environment . acms anthology j. acm 1973.0 
studies on superconducting bi 2 sr 2 ca ( n-1 ) cu ( n ) o ( 4 + 2 n ) compounds with fe-57 and eu-151 j linden j hietaniemi t karlemo m karppinen t oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
learnfare : how to implement a mandatory stay-in-school program for teenage parents on welfare da long jm bos  1998.0 
repre # nting boolean structure within ' a pmbabilisti ~ framework . a bookstein recherche d &#39; informations assw # e par ordinateur proceedings & hellip ;  
an introduction to ocular pharmacology and toxicology am burkman pn patil   
semantic types : a fresh look at the ideal model for types j vouillon pa mellies   
schwefelhexafluorid als tracer zum studium von mischungsprozessen in seen j schlatter ph. d. dissertation 9596 eth zurich switzerland  
fast simulation of rare events in queueing and reliability models p heidelberger acm transactions on modeling and computer simulation ( tomacs & hellip ; 1995.0 
lenzerini m. [ 1994 a ] making object-oriented schemas more expressive in ã cents â ? ¬ proc . of the 13th acm d calvanese acm press and addison wesley minneapolis ( minnesota  
on saying '' enough already ! '' d kossmann m carey & hellip ; in â ?? proc . of the 1997 acm-sigmod conference on management & hellip ;  
curriculum vitae prof. dr. thorsten hens t hens  1993.0 
the kdb tree j robinson proc . of sigmod  
the real and financial decisions of unionized firms in a dynamic setting . sg bronars dr deere university of california at santa barbara . processed  
cluster tools enhanced ; may soon fabricate drams asics d holden electronic news  
optimal mean-squared-error batch sizes bw schmeiser wmt song management science 1995.0 
mediate : video as a first-class datatype s kristoffersen proceedings of acm groupâ ?? 97  
list partitions and trigraph homomorphisms t feder p hell k tucker-nally   
is asia ready for m-commerce d wilson electronic news  
visualizing digital library search results with categorical and hierarchical axes b shneiderman d feldman a rose xf grau   
preservation of capsular material of streptococcal cells by specific lectins determined by a molinari g orefici g donelli c von hunolstein the histochemical journal 1988.0 
hate crimes : a reference handbook a donald  1999.0 
constructive conflict in academic bargaining . r birnbaum new directions for higher education 1980.0 
hypothetical queries in an olap environment a balmin t papadimitriou y papakonstantinou proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 
new teachers : unplugged jm barksdale electronic learning  
the genus aspergillus . williams and wilkins co. baltimore kb raper di fennell md  
linear algebra and sets theory ( last ) - based formal modeling for is client-specification l gonzalez c ruiz   
modified iteration method in the problem of large deflection of thin circular plates with non - y kai-yuan w xin-zhi icnm-i 1985.0 
pseudomonas aeruginosa infection due to contaminated vaccination equipment v mireles c alvarez proc . 28th western poultry disease conference and 13th & hellip ;  
on the synthesis of discrete controllers for timed systems o maler a pnueli j sifakis lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
userâ ?? s guide to the mvl system ml ginsberg   
methods of calculating retinocorticalinformationtransmissionformulti-dimensionalvisualand electrical m eger r eckhorn t schanze gottingen neurobiology report . proc . 28th gottingen & hellip ;  
maximum flow-life curve for a wireless ad hoc network tx brown hn gabow q zhang   
practical application of dna markers for genetic improvement g plastow s sasaki tp yu n deeb g prall k   
bk taneja â ?? processing aggregate queries with hard time constraintsâ ?? wc hou g ozsoyoglu proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
composing workflows of semantic web services m laukkanen h helin   
acceleration of ray-casting using 3-d distance transforms ki zuiderveld ahj koning ma viergever proceedings of spie 1808.0 
an archaeology of environmental racism in los angeles l pulido s sidawi ro vos urban geography  
faculty culture and college life : reshaping incentives toward student outcomes mj amey new directions for higher education 1999.0 
a fast distributed algorithm for mining association rules dw cheung j han vt ng aw fu y fu proceedings of the fourth international conference on on & hellip ; 1996.0 
strategic sequential bidding in auctions using dynamic programming in aamas bolgna italy 2002 g tesauro d bredin   
visual motion : linking neuronal activity to psychophysical performance wt newsome mn shadlen e zohary kh britten ja see gazzaniga  
internet hiccup ks nash b wallace computerworld  
spinal cord ischemia after cardiac arrest h imaizumi y ujike y asai m kaneko journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
evaluating program impact : a time to cast away stones a time to gather stones together as bryk new directions for program evaluation  
perinatal rrsk factors in children with serious motor and mental handicaps kb nelson h broman   
optimizatimization of the treatment of malignant tumors as singin proceedings of the int . jubilee conf.â ?? 25 years of clinical  
independence and bipolarity in the structure of current affect lf barrett ja russell journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
employee turnover : a meta-analysis and review with implications for research jl cotton jm tuttle the academy of management review 1986.0 
interpleural block for patients with multiple rib fractures : comparison with epidural block k shinohara h iwama y akama c tase journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
relational databases for querying xml documents : limitations and opportunities j shanmugasundaram k tufte vldb 1999.0 
heterogeneity of casi-estimated leaf chlorophyll in corn : assessment and comparison with ground d haboudane jr miller n tremblay pj zarco - proceedings of the 23rd canadian symposium on remote sensing & hellip ;  
handling load with less stress n bansal d gamarnik submitted for publication 2005.0 
chemical soil physics phenomena for chemical sensing of buried uxo jm phelan sw webb   
graphical process definition language and its application to a maintenance project am christie information and software technology 1993.0 
interaction between gypsum and csh phase formed in c 3 s hydration i odler see  
the papi system : point of access to providers of information r castro-rojo dr lopez computer networks 2001.0 
a rare plant survey of the hanford nuclear reservation fe caplow ka beck the nature conservancy of washington seattle washington  
personality characteristics and social and achievement behaviors associated with childrenâ ?? s social vc crandall journal of personality and social psychology 1966.0 
integration of magnetoencephalography and magnetic resonance imaging ( abstract only ) so tissari ms hamalainen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
e-cient asynchronous consensus with a valueoblivious adversary scheduler y aumann m bender proceedings of the 23rd international conference on automata & hellip ;  
oracle outsourcing erp applications j dash computerworld  
permission and authorization in policies for virtual communities of agents g boella l van der torre   
mdas : heterogeneous distributed database management system bc desai r pollock information and software technology 1992.0 
study of crystallization in lithium silicate glasses using high-voltage electron microscopy pf james sr keown phil . mag  
cortical and subcortical localization of response to pain in man using positron emission tomography akp jones wd brown kj friston ly qi rsj proceedings : biological sciences 1991.0 
rule languages and internal algebras for rule-based optimizers m cherniack sb zdonik sigmod conference 1996.0 
the information on the chernobyl accident and its consequences prepared for iaea aa abagyan vg asmolov ak gusikovaâ ? ¦ at energ  
lessons from a â ?? living in a databaseâ ?? graphical query language d fogg proceedings of the acm-sigmod conf . on management of data  
data mining techniques based on the self-organizing map j vesanto master degree thesis department of engineering physics and & hellip ;  
river of blood : the genesis of a martyr cult in southern malawi jm schoffeleers  1992.0 
group awareness in distributed software development to appear c gutwin r penner k schneider proceedings of acm cscw  
a close look at the ifo data model ms hanna sigmod record 1995.0 
dans james clifford et roger king editeurs s abiteboul aj bonner proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference  
x-ray diffraction polarizing optical microscopy and rheological studies of a lamellar gel he warriner  1997.0 
on the best constant in a sobolev inequality on compact 2-manifolds and application w ding unpublished manuscript  
schwab impresses p gillin computerworld  
owl optical design active optics and error budget p dierickx b delabre l noethe proc .  
making work pay : final report on the self-sufficiency project for long-term welfare recipients c michalopoulosâ ? ¦  2002.0 
geometrie et theorie des groupes m coornaert  1990.0 
e-cient and effective metasearch for a large number of text databases c yu w meng kl liu w wu n rishe proc . acm cikm  
continously adaptive continuous queries over data streams s madden ma shah jm hellerstein v raman acm sigmod  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?tuning red for web traffic ã cents â ? ¬ â ? m christiansen k jeffay d ott fd smith proc . of acm  
histoqual : the development of a historic houses assessment scale i frochot h hughes tourism management 2000.0 
banks : browsing and keyword searching in relational databases b aditya g bhalotia s chakrabarti a hulgeri c vldb 2002.0 
on parallel stability of two-dimensional dynamics t ooba  2000.0 
airy functions chapter 11 digital library of mathematical functions project . national institute of fwj olver   
risks of the passport signon protocol dp kormann ad rubin computer networks  
vmcwd : a fortran subroutine for constrained optimization mjd powell acm sigmap bulletin 1983.0 
f. ; luck m. ; and dâ ?? inverno m. 2001 . a framework for norm-based inter-agent dependence ly lopez procs . of 13rd mexican international conference on computer  
epidemiology in sweden u krause see ref  
the whole story of the two-electron bond with the bond as a paradigm fa cotton dg nocera acc . chem . res 2000.0 
specifying software quality with the extended iso model rhj van zeist prh hendriks software quality management-international conference - 1996.0 
optimal multi-step k-nearest neighbor search t seidl hp kriegel   
a coalition-form analysis of the allocation of voting rights in the council of the ecb u bindseil unpublished manuscript  
babesiosis mr filbin ee mylonakis l callegari e legome journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
communication-efficient distributed mining of association rules a schuster r wolff data mining and knowledge discovery 2004.0 
active magnetic bearings basics properties and applications of active magnetic bearings . 1994 vdf g schweitzer h bleuler a traxler isbn  
in preparation dg long kc ryan rd stratton southern utah fuel management demonstration  
client/server costs hard to divvy up r cafasso computerworld  
a semantics of objects in type theory jj hickey unpublished manuscript 1997.0 
solving elliptic problems using ellpack jr rice rf boisvert  1985.0 
information technology user devices in higher education d mclaughlin new directions for higher education 2001.0 
beyond query by example s santini r jain proceedings of the sixth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
angew . chemie 1999 111 794-815 ; d ) b. ganem td heitmann at vasella acc . chem . res  
information transparency in electronic marketplaces : why data transparency may hinder the adoption k zhu electronic markets 2002.0 
complete axiomatization for relational update transactions '' d karabeg v vianu s rules acm tods  
rapid fibrin d-dimer tests for deep venous thrombosis : factors affecting diagnostic utility-elisa cj carter k serrano dj breen ar buckley dv journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
quasi-random testing ty chen r merkel   
a tutorial introduction to computational biochemistry using darwin g gonnet   
a distributed multimedia authoring environment l hardman g van rossum dca bulterman proceedings of acm multimedia  
correspondence education ad lockmiller  1996.0 
king arthurâ ?? s march je morris   
megaw nd ( 1972 ) am glazer phil . mag  
parallel probabilistic inference on cache-coherent multiprocessors a kozlov jp singh ieee computer  
using a wizard of oz study to inform the design of sentoyâ ?? designing interactive systems ( dis ) g andersson k hã ¶ ã ¶ k d mourã # o a paiva m costa  2002.0 
effects of distribution of feedback in work groups sh barr ej conlon the academy of management journal 1994.0 
treatment for primary postpartum haemorrhage ha mousa z alfirevic cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
keeping faith with one another . gl van harn new directions for higher education 1992.0 
ashley . 1 . huang q. dom b gorkani m halner j lee d fetkovic d steele d & yankerp ( 1995 ) query m fij flickner h sawhney w nibtack ieee  
nutritional supplementation for hip fracture aftercare in the elderly a avenell hh handoll cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
molina f. andrade l. yudovich m.-simul-taneous mandibular and maxillary distraction f ortiz-monasterio marchac d. proceedings of the sixth congress of the  
automatic array privatization p tu d padua lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
the homely allotment : from rural dole to urban amenity : a neglected aspect of urban land use h thorpe geography  
disturbance and ecological succession in marine intertidal boulder fields wp sousa  1977.0 
support vector clustering bh asa d horn th siegelmann v vapnik journal of machine learning research  
transcription termination and anti-termination in e. coli e nudler me gottesman genes to cells 2002.0 
burned vegetation mapping in mountainous areas with satellite remote sensing msra caetano  1995.0 
learning practical knowledge p jarvis new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
ica-based hierarchical text classification for multi-domain text-to-speech synthesis x sevillano f alä ± as jc socoro   
region-of-interest based image resolution adaptation for mpeg-21 digital item y hu lt chia d rajan proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
importance of physical attractiveness in dating behavior e walster v aronson d abrahams l rottman journal of personality and social psychology 1966.0 
sectoral adjustment costs and real exchange rate dynamics in a two-sector dependent economy akmm morshed sj turnovsky  2000.0 
enabling conferencing applications on the internet using an overlay multicast architecture c yang-hua g rao sanjay s srinivasanâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm sigcomm  
in-memorydata management for consumer transactions the times-ten approach t times-ten team proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
a trial of etomidate for rapid sequence intubation in the emergency department-a clinical and dc smith jm bergen h smithline r kirschner journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
qos management in distributed real-time databases y wei sh son ja stankovic kd kang   
ion-exchange processes in the food industry f lopez environment protection engineering 1999.0 
cosmic ray source and cosmic ray acceleration dc ellison proc . 21st int . cosmic ray conf. adelaide  
academic press inc r gilbert san diego  
the design and implementation of k : a high-level knowledge-base programming language of osam * . kbms ym shyy j arroyo syw su h lam the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
the scattering of high energy neutrons by a coulomb field rgp voss r wilson phil . mag 1956.0 
using wiss to enhance competitiveness al lederer da mirchandani k sims communications-acm 1998.0 
foodnet . differences in escherichia coli o157 : h7 annual incidence among foodnet active surveillance c hedberg f angulo j townes d vugia m farley md  
exploiting hierarchy for planning and scheduling ag cass k ramamritham lj osterweil   
techniquesforsimultaneous placement and routing of custom analog cells in koan/anagramii j cohn d garrod r rutenbar lr carley proc . acm/ieeeiccad  
h. { p. kriegel design and implementation of spatial access methods b seeger proc . 14th international conference on very large data bases  
m. stonebraker the performance of concurrency control algorithms for database management systems c carey proc . intl. conf . on very large data bases vldb  
ground water management plan for the construction of the bonneville navigation lock jd graham d scofield s farooqui s sagstad k water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
comparative report of three non-ballasted track systems tested for channel tunnel j eisenmann technical university mã 1/4 nchen  
evaluating chicago school reform . rp niemiec hj walbergâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation 1993.0 
environment and development ( 1995 ) i peoples international conference may 1995 zurich  
the accumulation buffer : hardware support for high-quality rendering h paul a kurt proceedings of acm siggraph  
autoreactive t cells in mercury-induced autoimmune disease : l pelletier r pasquier f hirsch c sapin p vitro demonstration . j immunol  
development of high performance thermal interface material s lee p chen intel technology symposium seattle washington september  
ulyssesâ ?? urban lifestyles sustainability and integrated environmental assessmentâ ?? rtd proposal cc jaeger m chadwick b wynne s funtowicz m darmstadt technical university darmstadt germany  
the impact of topology on overlay routing z li p mohapatra proceedings of the 23rd conference of the ieee & hellip ;  
effectiveness of a neuro-fuzzy classifier in automated modeling of classification problem-solving n bolloju   
is homophobia mental illness v brownworth bay area reporter  
effective action and cosmological particle production mv fischetti ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1978.0 
benchmarking in student affairs re mosier gj schwarzmueller new directions for higher education 2002.0 
an information theory approach to categorical clustering d barbara j couto y li submitted for  
identification and functional analysis of the gene for type i myosin in fission yeast m toya f motegi k nakano i mabuchi m yamamoto genes to cells 2001.0 
evaluating reputation systems for document authenticity n daswani p golle s marti h garcia-molina d   
probabilistic object bases t eiter jj lu t lukasiewicz vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems 2001.0 
uab : islam in bangladesh ra banu   
an overview of three commercial object-oriented database management systems : ontos objectstore and v soloviev sigmod record 1992.0 
classics in cytology viii : early cerebrospinal fluid cytology : dufourâ ?? s original report of d grzybicki j assouline ah wille mb cohen   
in : twentieth biennial conference on carbon b rand m turnip t cheung uc santa barbara ( california usa ) american carbon society  
comments on â ?? process synchronization in database systemsâ ?? pa bernstein m casanova n goodman acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
analogical modes of reasoning and process modeling bv funt ieee computer  
documentation of the geos/das observation data stream ( ods ) version 1.0 . dao o ce note 95-01 . . data a da silva c redder md  
how useâ ?? oriented development can take place y dittrich o lindeberg information and software  
fuzzy neural hybrid position/force control for robot manipulators k kiguchi t fukuda applied mathematics and computer science 1996.0 
f-logic a higher order language for reasoning about logic inheritance and schemes m kifer g lausen proc . acm sigmod int . conf : minagement of data  
optimizing windows ntâ ?? microsoft windows nt resource kitâ ?? vol . 3 . r blake  1993.0 
conditions for effectiveness . jt wright new directions for higher education 1988.0 
discovering interesting patterns for investment decision making with glower & xcirc ; â ?? a genetic v dhar d chou f provost data mining and knowledge discovery 2000.0 
theory of noisy fourpoles h rothe w dahlke proc . ire  
plato 's rhapsody and homer 's music : the poetics of the panathenaic festival in classical athens g nagy  2002.0 
external q factor measurement of an oscillator by the injection locking ellipse f diamand m armand electronic letters  
accelerating xpath location steps in any rdbms t grust m van keulen j teubner acm tods  
fine-grain distributed shared memory on clusters of workstations it schoinas  1998.0 
index server optimization for p2p file sharing in mobile ad hoc networks c ohta z ge y guo j kurose   
the concept of a mediating electronic product catalog s handschuh bf schmid k stanoevska-slabeva   
r mere ` nyi l stella hg viehe z janousek acc . chem . res  
constraintâ ?? the missing variable in the coal burst problem co babcock dl bickel proceedings of the 25 thus symposium on rock mechanics  
logical and physical versioning in main memory databases pbdwl abraham sssr rastogi s seshadri  1997.0 
memory dependence prediction a moshovos  1998.0 
stakeholder influence in the evaluation of cities-in-schools re stake new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
maximal objects and the semantics of universal relation databases . r source m zentralblatt acm trans . database syst 1983.0 
molecular systematics of lemurs : ph. d j pastorini  2000.0 
a tool to schedule parallel applications on multiprocessors : the nanos cpu manager x martorell j corbalan ds nikolopoulos n lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
transport protcols : their performance and status in international standardization p von studritz computer  
scheduling algorithms for message transmission over a satellite broadcast system e modiano milcom 97 proceedings 1997.0 
comments on the present state of the standardization in europe in the field of bolted flange h kockelmann san diego  
comparative analysis of five xml query languages de e informazione   
query and data mapping across heterogeneous information sources kcc chang  2001.0 
hispanic-serving institutions : challenges and opportunities m benitez new directions for higher education 1998.0 
refinement theorems in resolution theory d lucktiam proc . iria symp on automatic demonstration versailles & hellip ;  
the qq { estimator and heavy tails available as tr1122 . ps m kratz s resnick z  
ldap directory services-just another database application ? ( tutorial session ) s shukla a deshpande proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2000.0 
automatic physical database tuning : a relaxation-based approach n bruno s chaudhuri proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
orientation on go-331 5 rs grewal ciba research centre ciba ( india ) ltd. bombay  
the echo state approach to analysing and training recurrent neural networks h jaeger submitted for publication  
fitting statistical distributions : the generalized lambda distribution and generalized bootstrap za karian ej dudewicz  2000.0 
linear concepts and hidden variables aj grove d roth machine learning 2001.0 
cn jenty and the mezzotint plates in his '' demonstrations of a pregnant uterus '' 1757 . jl thornton pc want j audiov media med 1978.0 
an empirical study of machine learning algorithms applied to modeling player behavior in a â ?? first b geisler  2002.0 
the squall line of 21 july 1992 in southern germany : an observational case study sp haase-straub m hagen t hauf d heimann m contributions to atmospheric physics 1997.0 
environmental impact assessment of the charcoal production and utilization system in zambia . 82p w serenje en chidumayo jh chpuwa h egnã © us a  1994.0 
experience with tcp vegas : emulation and experiment js ahn pb danzig z liu l yan proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 95  
expectations for japanese children l bennett social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
communicating hci modelling to practitioners s buckingham shum ah jã ¸ rgensen a aboulafia nv proceedings of acm  
seer cancer statistics review 1973â ?? 1992 : tables and graphs national cancer institute . nih pub . cl kosary lag ries ba miller bf hankey a md  
compiling separable recursions jf naughton   
bcd logic v : bcd square root h schmid electronic  
database machine architecture in the context of information technology evolution dk hsiao se madnick vldb 1977.0 
automatic tuning of optimum pid controllers m zhuang dp atherton  1993.0 
treatment of acromegaly with b2036-peg a growth hormone receptor antagonist ( abstract or14â ?? 6 ) . a barkan e dimaraki gm besser san diego  
landscape-level effects of the interaction between residential development and public forest bc ward  2004.0 
a static analyzer for large safety-critical software b blanchet p cousot r cousot j feret l   
role of matrix vesicles in calcification r felix h fleisch federation proceedings 1976.0 
an axiomatic model for deductive object-oriented databases zt kardkovacs gm suranyi   
karl kautsky and the social science of classical marxism . 1989 jh kautsky   
negotiating power and interests in planning : a critical perspective tj sork new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
the interpreted-compiled range of ai/db systems a sheth acm sigmod record 1989.0 
database design tools : an expert system approach m bouzeghoub g gardarin e metais vldb  
scheduling problems in parallel query optimization c chekuri   
a reservation protocol for broadcast wdm networks and stability analysis gn rouskas v sivaraman computer networks  
counterurbanization : a rural perspective p cloke geography  
relational reinforcement learning s då 3/4 eroski l de raedt k driessens machine learning 2001.0 
a survey of clear-air propagation effects relevant to optical communications rs lawrence jw strohbehn proc . ieee  
acme : an architecture description interchange language d garlan r monroe d wile proceedings of cascon 1997.0 
type grammar revisited j lambek lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
processes with local and global liveness requirements h guerra jf costa   
a data warehouse intelligent cache manager p scheuerman j shim r vingralekâ ?? watchman vldb journal  
profiling and internet connectivity in automotive environments m cilia ap buchmann vldb 2002.0 
f. kleinrock l. '' hierarchical routing for large networks kk kamoun computer networks  
human resource development practitioners should resist professional licensing jw gilley new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
helen custer iw nt  1993.0 
como nã # o matar a criatividade tm amabile hsm management  
andb . plattner . router plugins-amodularandextensible software framework for modern high performance d decasper z dittia g parulkar proc . of acm  
protein oxidation in aging and age-related diseases er stadtman annals-new york academy of sciences 2001.0 
special issue on peer to peer data management k aberer acm sigmod record  
conference : 1st annual international ieee-embs special topic conference on microtechnologies in s takayama e ostuni x oian jc mcdonald x jiang proceedings ( eds ) a. dittmar and d. beebe ( ieee piscataway  
kc sevick the grid file : an adaptable symmetric mulikey file structure j nievergelt h hinterberger acm transactions on database  
auto-summarization of audio-visual presentation l he e sanoki a gupta j grudin proceedings of acm multimedia  
the effect of blue and red light on the development of the photosynthetic units during greening of h anni g akoyunoglou see ref  
leader of the pack : a proposal for disclosure of board leadership structure ce bagley rh koppes san diego law review 1997.0 
microsoft sql server 2000 programming step by step r riordan  2000.0 
ling and helmut thone . new directions for uncertainty reasoning in deductive databases u guntzer w kie proc . acm sigmod  
fundamentals of ... incident illumination photomicrography . part 2 : dark field and oblique techniques ar williams j audiov media med 1978.0 
on automating web services discovery b benatallah ms hacid a leger c rey f toumani the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
nearly integrable infinite-dimensional hamiltonian systems sb kuksin  1993.0 
performance and scalability of ejb applications e cecchet j marguerite w zwaenepoel   
why rose is fast : five optimizations in the design of an experimental database system for cad/cam portal.acm.org   
sna primer for programmers : part i. dm baer j sturch computerworld. 1983.0 
mediation across cultures s myers b filner san diego  
natural amphiphilic phenols as bioactive compounds a kozubek m stasiuk j gubernator   
plan of the scientific operations necessary for reorganizing society a comte see rieff  
evolution of b2b marketplaces k tomak electronic markets 2002.0 
pajek-analysis and visualization of large networks v batagelj a mrvar lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
a o. and sagiv y. testing imphcauons of data dependencies d mamr mv ndelzon acm trans . database syst  
handwriting recognition using position sensitive n-gram matching a el nasan g nagy s veeramachaneni procs .  
quadratic and hermitian forms over rings ma knus  1991.0 
polarization and intensity in microwave radiative transfer q liu c simmer contributions to atmospheric physics 1996.0 
evaluating the teaching portfolio : a role for colleagues ja centra new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
the ve-minute rule ten years later and other computer storage rules of thumb j gray g graefe sigmod record  
expanded beam connectors with microlens fibers p chanclou m thual o gautreau c kaczmarek g proc . 29th eur . conf . optical communication 14th int . conf .  
wy sy tolic archltecturea ht kung ieee computer  
warming automotive catalysts with pulsating flows sf benjamin ca roberts proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
g-presentations of coxeter groups with three generators h perez-roses procs . first int . conf . maths . comp . sc. mexico  
conditional random fields : probabilistic models for segmenting and labeling sequence data j lafferty a mccallum f pereira   
query evaluation in deductive databases with alternating fixpoint semantics w chen acm transactions on database systems 1995.0 
load-balancing solutions for static routing schemes in atm networks c casetti rl cigno m mellia computer networks 2000.0 
concurrency control performance modeling : alternatives andimplications r agrawal mj carey m livny acm trans . database systems  
design and selection of materialized views in a data warehousing environment : a case study gky chan q li l feng   
capillary electrophoresis pd grossman jc colburn san diego : academic  
convexity theories vi . l ^ n-convex modules and representations of n-distributive lattices h roehrl   
resource scheduling-comparing simulated annealing with constraint propagation ib crabtree bt technology  
policies for systemic innovation : the case of the brazilian biotechnology network tmm guedes & hellip ; of the ninth international conference on management of & hellip ;  
integrating association rule mining with databases : alternatives and implications s sarawagi s thomas r agrawal acm sigmod intl. conf . management of data  
progress in identification of disease resistance in the oryza species accessions gc eizenga th tai fn lee y jia proc . 29th rice technical working group . little rock ar  
walking the tightrope : sexual risk and male sex work in the philippines m tan see aggleton  
on the monotonic fragment of extended logic programs pa bonatti   
performance tradeoffs in multistreamed superscalar architectures mj serrano  1994.0 
optimum space-time convolutional codes q yan rs blum   
a bounded retransmission protocol for large data packets jf groote j van de pol lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
userâ ?? s guide for tn/tnbc : fortran routines for nonlinear optimization report 397 mathematical sg nash md  
efficient view maintenance warehouses d agrawal a el abbadi a singh t yurek proc . of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
kotz dittrich a. et schmidt d. using the calanda time series management system w dreyer proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod san josã © california & hellip ;  
a comparison of the quantity and composition of material caught in a neutrally buoyant versus ko buesseler dk steinberg af michaels rj   
implicit attributions in question-answer exchanges : analyzing language in court p catellani d pajardi a galardi g semin unpublished manuscript  
therapy in iga nephropathy ar clarkson aj woodroffe km bannister j odum contributions to nephrology 1993.0 
the effects of head start and socioeconomic status on cognitive development of disadvantaged bs barnow  1973.0 
querying across languages : a dictionary-based approach to multilingual information retrieval da hull g grefenstette & hellip ; of the 19th annual international acm sigir conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
adees an open event-based infrastructure for distributed information systems g vargas-solar c collet submitted to vldb 2001.0 
grammaticalization and related changes in contemporary german c lehmann approaches to grammaticalization  
some concepts in reaction dynamics jc polanyi acc . chem . res 1972.0 
using random sampling for histogram construction s chaudhuri r motwani v narasayya proc . acm sigmod conference  
beating the clock db davis electronic business  
mobile web services p farley m capp bt technology journal 2005.0 
05/03/01 v easy the boeing company seattle washington  
perturbation methods bifurcation theory and computer algebra rh rand d armbruster  1987.0 
lawâ § 14-114 .1 . a ny elec handbook  
structure in sanderling ( calidris alba ) populations : the magnitude of intra-and interyear dispersal jp myers ct schick g castro proc int ornithol congress  
storage mapping for multidimensional linear hashing '' m ouksel p scheuermann proc . of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symp . on principles of  
symbolizing data into a â ?? bumpâ ?? a bakker proceedings of the 25 thconference of the international & hellip ;  
wilkes . anintroduction to diskdrivemodeling c ruemmlerandj ieee computer  
an analysis of bgp convergence properties [ a ] g timothy g wllfong proceedings of acm  
the long-run return to investors in share issue privatization wl megginson rc nash jm netter al schwartz   
appraisal and goal processes as predictors of psychological well-being in bereaved caregivers n stein s folkman t trabasso ta richards journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
the post office experiment : designing a large asynchronous chip a davis b coates k stevens proc 26th annu . hawaii int . conf . on systems  
towards an efficient evaluation of general queries : quantifier and disjunction processing revisited f bry   
reptiles of washington and oregon rm storm wp leonard seattle audubon society seattle washington  
gpu-assisted decoding of video samples represented in the ycocg-r color space w de neve d van rijsselbergen c hollemeersch proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
performance driven migration an optimization of a common molecular dynamics code ( charmm ) on e perathoner diploma thesis eth zurich switzerland  
querying business processes with bp-ql c beeri a eyal s kamenkovich t milo proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
entrepreneurial privatization strategies : order of entry and local partner collaboration as sources jp doh academy of management review 2000.0 
it 's power stupid ! . mw gray new directions for higher education 1994.0 
team from jet propulsion laboratory johnson space center and langley research center n multi-center formal methods demonstration project for space applications  
computer-supported cooperative work - guest editors ' introduction jd palmer na fields ieee computer  
a new perspective on equity theory : the equity sensitivity construct rc huseman jd hatfield ew miles the academy of management review 1987.0 
sugar cane coca-cola and hypermarkets : consumption and surrealism in the argentine northwest c classen see howes  
xquec : pushing queries to compressed xml data a arion a bonifati proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
visualizing forest stand dynamics using the stand visualization system rj mcgaughey proceedings  
ad sokoler t. â ?? aroma : abstract representation of presence supporting mutual awarenessâ ?? e pedersen proc . acm  
does a southern european model exist ? a andreotti journal of european area studies 2001.0 
gmser a. and yost r. a history of system r and sql/data system d chamberl proceedings 7th international conference on very large data  
on relativism and interpretivism -- with a prolegomenon to the '' why '' question pf anderson see hirschman  
an algorithm for the identification of proteins in sequence databases using peptide masses and n-or c korostensky w staudenmann p dainese g gonnet  1998.0 
maintenance of automatic summary tables in ibm db2/udb w lehner   
dynamic multipaging in even less space th merrett l hamel sigmod record 1988.0 
an anatomy of the information resource semantic interoperability la kalinichenko acm sigmod record  
deutsche meeresfische : bestimmungsbuch r fricke  1987.0 
the entity-relationship model : towards a unified view of data p pin s chen acm transactions on database systems acm press new york ny & hellip ;  
globalization of the airline industry and implications for canada mw tretheway proceedings of canadian transportation research forum 25 & hellip ;  
student self-evaluations and developmental change rh haswell new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
shades of green in local environmental policy-making : a regional case-study k muir m phillips m healey area  
a distributed cache architecture with snooping for qos routing in large networks m rezvan k pawlikowski h sirisena computer networks 2004.0 
is cobol dead j cunningham   
supplement.â ?? the sky is the limit : 100 best places to work in is.â ?? m decarolis computerworld  
some remarks on variable independence closure and orthographic dimension in constraint databases l libkin sigmod record 1999.0 
processing of dues from the moving environment in the drosophila navigation system kg g & z see braitenberg  
mod le de pr diction du â ?? deuxi me formant effectifâ ?? f2â ?? â ?? application ã lâ ?? tude de la m mantakas jl schwartz p escudier proceedings of the 15th journ es dâ ?? tude sur la parole  
workforce scheduling with constraint logic programming n azarmi w abdul-hameed bt technology journal 1995.0 
pilot development of a consumer constructed questionnaire to evaluate mental health service j law lg oades unpublished manuscript  
the marriage of video and computer graphics . n kalowski computerworld. 1985.0 
ensemble approach to simulated arming g ruppeiner jm pedersen p salamon j. phys . i  
negative life events perceived stress negative affect and susceptibility to the common cold s cohen daj tyrrell ap smith journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
supporting social worlds with the community bar g mcewan s greenberg proceedings of acm group 2005.0 
lossless compression : how it works b simon pc magazine 1993.0 
information integration and xml in ibm 's db2 pg selinger vldb 2002.0 
analysis of the z-ordering method using the hausdorff fractal dimension c faloutsos v gaede proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
interaction ergonomics control and separation : open problems in user interface management g cockton information and software technology 1987.0 
cmc component development supporting the nasa-led 2 ndand 3 rdgeneration rlv investment areas : jd kiser mr effinger de glassâ ? ¦ the proceedings of 25 thannual conference on composites  
web acceleration a hickman j morris c levin s rupley d willmott pc  
combining stacking with bagging to improve a learning algorithm w macready dh wolpert  1996.0 
academic freedom and regional accreditation : guarantors of quality in the academy se elman new directions for higher education 1994.0 
editor 's notes wmk trochim new directions for program evaluation  
radiotherapy for the palliation of painful bone metastases hj mcquay sl collins d carroll ra moore cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
non destructive technique based on vibrations measurements and piezoelectric patches array for e monacoâ ? ¦ nde for health monitoring and diagnostics 2002.0 
the lateral diffusion of a stream of ions in a gas lgh huxley phil . mag  
from focused crawling to expert information : an application framework for web exploration and portal s sizov j graupmann m theobald proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
ion implantation in semiconductorsâ ?? part ii : damage production and annealing jf gibbons proc . ieee  
a hora ea vez dos data martsâ ?? a farias   
pharmacokinetic aspects of the in vivo non invasive study of neuromceptors in man jj frost see ref  
rooted circuits of closed-set systems and the max-flow min-cut property of stem clutters of affine m hachimori m nakamura submitted for publication  
measuring software engineering maturity : a rasch calibration d drehmer s dekleva proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1993.0 
educational rhythmics for mentally and physically handicapped children f robins j robins  1966.0 
introduction to radiative transfer : methods and applications in astrophysics 464pp a peraiah  2001.0 
enhancing security of frequency domain video encryption z liu x li z dong proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
channel-estimation-based adaptive dfe for fading multipath radio channels pk shukla lf turner iee proceedings 1991.0 
purge those merge problems : realistic solutions for accurate and more complete matching of inexact j palermo proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group international & hellip ;  
a new voronoi-based surface reconstruction n amenta m bern m kamvysselis proc . acm siggraph  
new algorithms for efficient mining of association rules l shen h shen l cheng   
new telephone speech corpora at cslu ra cole m noel t lander t durham proc . eurospeech  
public-key encryption in a multi-user setting : security proofs and improvements m bellare a boldyreva s micali lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
documenting electronic commerce systems and software using the unified modeling language k saleh information & software technology 2002.0 
precious metals 1990 . ( retroactive coverage ) d corrigan  1990.0 
spatial queries in dynamic environments y tao d papadias acm transactions on database systems 2003.0 
canine dilated cardiomyopathy bw keene proceedings . 23rd voorjarsdagen congress  
optimizationâ ?? an emerging tool in computer graphics j marks m cohen jt ngo s shieber j snyder proceedings of acm siggraph  
trawling impact on benthic ecosystems a zenetos national center for marine research athens greece report  
measurement of the force characteristics of a contactless electromagnetic rotor bearing a traxler g schweitzer institute for mechanics eth zurich switzerland  
a factor and structural equation analysis of the enterprise systems success measurement model d sedera gg gable proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference on  
isrn kth/na/p -- 99/14 -- se m rosbacke t lindeberg pe roland  1999.0 
a baseline mollusk survey of southwestern oregon with emphasis on the rogue and umpqua river tj frest ej johannes deixis consultants seattle washington . vii  
story diagrams : a new graph rewrite language based on the unified modeling language and java t fischer j niere l torunski a zundorf lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
learn visual c++ now m andrews  1996.0 
collaboratively controlled objects in support of collaboration lj bricker & hellip ; dissertation university of washington seattle washington  
deadlock resolution and semantic lock models in object-oriented distributed systems portal.acm.org   
interface issues and interaction strategie for information retrieval s heminger n berlkin proceedings of : acm  
synthetic molecules as antibody replacements pbs molecules acc . chem . res 2004.0 
on fine 's partition theorems dyson andrews and missed opportunities i pak mathematical intelligencer 2003.0 
computer animated simulation of traffic flow fj sarno proc . acm urban symposium  
weight-by-sonority in cowichan v bianco ms. university of california santa barbara  
the development of professional expertise in the workplace vw mott new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
online partial evaluation for shift and reset k asai   
software testing techniques b beizer   
improving index performance through prefetching s chen pb gibbons tc mowry   
landmark recognition k tokusai technical report robotics laboratory stanford university  
renal disease in the elderly am davison contributions to nephrology 1998.0 
one-month study in the open nw mediterranean sea ( dynaproc experiment may 1995 ) : overview of the v andersen l prieur   
distinguishing between single and multi-source attacks using signal processing a hussain j heidemann c papadopoulos computer networks 2004.0 
meral ã?zsoyoglu li-yan yuan a normal form for nested relations z oy proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on  
1. frank-kamenetskii av lukashin vv anshelevich br amirikyan a md  
infant feeding in north east england : contested spaces of reproduction r pain c bailey g mowl area 2001.0 
heuristics for trie minimization d comer acm transactions on database systems  
implicative ideals of bci-algebras yl liu j meng submitted for  
agenericframework for modeling resourceswithuml b selic ieee computer  
adult and continuing education graduate programs : prescription for the future . saj colinâ ? ¦ new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
from transmission to multiplicity : interactive art installations as a site for research k smith proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the effects of rosiglitazone on insulin sensitivity lipolysis and hepatic and skeletal muscle ab mayerson rs hundal s dufour v lebon d diabetes-new york - 2002.0 
glucocorticoids for acute viral bronchiolitis in infants and young children h patel r platt jm lozano ee wang cochrane database syst . rev 2004.0 
tql : a query language for semistructured data based on the ambient logic l cardelli g ghelli mathematical structures in computer science 2004.0 
combining equational theories sharing non-collapse-free constructors f baader c tinelli lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
fine-grained version control for collaborative software development b magnusson u asklund s minã ¶ r proceedings of acm  
geographic themes and social mathematics through the power of children 's literature . children 's rh lombard ma capanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
emerging alternatives to today 's advanced service architectures for internet telephony : in and rh glitho computer networks 2001.0 
sonar : system for optimized numeric associationrules . acms anthology p edition   
oral treatments for fungal infections of the skin of the foot ( cochrane review ) sem bell-syer r hart f crawford dj torgerson w cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
fk 506 in clinical kidney transplantation r shapiro m jordan v scantlebury j fung c transplant proc 1991.0 
multi-query optimization tk sellis acm trans . on database systems  
word97 fkgl assessment microsoft corporation  
helicopter encounters with aircraft vortex wakes gd padfield gp turner european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
memantine for dementia sa areosa f sherriff cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
a new generation of workflow management systems : beyond taylorism with mobile c bussler s jablonski h schuster acm sigois bulletin 1996.0 
h. pylori eradication therapy vs. antisecretory non-eradication therapy ( with or without long-term jp gisbert s khorrami f carballo x calvet e cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
concurrency control in generalized search trees m kornacker c mohan jm hellerstein proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
animating rotations with quaternions k shoemake proceedings of acm siggraph  
mergers and the performance of the acquiring firm m lubatkin the academy of management review 1983.0 
the microsoft database research group . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
of xml and databases ( panel session ) : where 's the beef ? j widom a bosworth b lindsay m stonebraker d proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2000.0 
10x : human-machine symbiosis d roy bt technology  
andh . paik . 2001 . peer-to-peertracedexecutionofcompositeservices m fauvet md umas bb enatallah proceedings of the vldb workshop on technologies for e -  
discovery spatial associations in image or zaiane j han data mining and knowledge discovery : theory tools and & hellip ;  
folk medicine and the intercultural jest . a paredes  1968.0 
content-based image analysis : object extraction by data-mining on hierarchically decomposed medical c thies v metzler t aach   
rigid-rod molecules in biomembrane models : from hydrogen-bonded chains to synthetic multifunctional n sakai j mareda s matile acc . chem . res 2005.0 
andasdex upgrade team m jakobi b kurzan h murmann j neuhauser proc . 29th eps conf . on controlled fusion and plasma phys . (  
url http://www . microsoft . com/speech/download / sdk51 / sdk speech microsoft accessed  
privacy-enhanced data management for next-generation e-commerce c clifton i fundulaki r hull b kumar d lieuwen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
user attitudes and management information system use d robey the academy of management journal 1979.0 
flooracquisition multiple access forpacket-radio networks c fullmer jj garcia-luna-aceves proc . acm  
openvidia : parallel gpu computer vision j fung s mann c aimone   
what can boyce-codd normal form do pa bernstein n goodman proceedings 6th international conference on very large data  
integrated-services networks '' jm peha atm simulating proc . 29th annual ieee/acm/scs simulation symp  
microsoft quick c programming m waite microsoft  
dev. and hsui dt heidlauf g klein  1986.0 
ion damage to metal films inside an electron microscope dw pashley aeb presland phil . mag  
design ( 1989 ) m analysis saint plus demonstration software boulder  
mining frequent patterns without candidate generation ( to appear ) j han j pei y yin proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference  
voice recognition reaches new height with dragon naturally speaking d haskin pc magazine  
a software design method for real-time systems h gomma commun . acm  
robust learning with missing data m ramoni p sebastiani machine learning 2001.0 
probabilistic ranking of database query results s chaudhuri g das v hristidis g weikum proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
evaluation of the progress in mental health in india since independence sr murthy nn wig  1993.0 
adhesion-dependency of serum-induced p42/p44 map kinase activation is released by retroviral h inoue a yamashita a hakura virology-new york - 1996.0 
self-tuning cost modeling of user-defined functions in an object-relational dbms z he bs lee r snapp acm transactions on database systems 2005.0 
1vl and davies il 1950 pm woodward phil . mag  
no longer europe 's best kept secret : the algarve 's tourist boom jr lewis am williams geography  
public administration and environment : the greek experience k spanou & hellip ; politics in greece typothitoâ ?? g. dardanos athens  
biological recording in the united kingdom 3 vols . prepared on behalf of the coordinating commission j burnett c copp p harding isbn  
the case for perspicuous programming n holmes   
tutorial on object-oriented databases ms jackson information and software technology 1991.0 
estimating the size of generalized transitive closures rj lipton jf naughton vldb 1989.0 
performance evaluation of the statistical aggregation by categorization in the sm3 system ck baru syw su acm sigmod record 1984.0 
conflict resolution : four steps worth taking emg burnett social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
managing persistent objects in a multi-level store m stonebrakerâ ? ¦   
peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies ma nascimento acm sigmod record 2003.0 
buer managementin relational database systems gm sacco m schkolnick acm transactions on database systems  
practical neural network recipes in c++ : academic press t masters san diego california  
early regulation of unresponsive flows a rangarajan  1999.0 
converting relational database into xml documents with dom j fong hk wong z cheng information and software technology 2003.0 
sharing of home responsibilities between professionally employed women and their husbands m biernat cb wortman journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
instructional evaluation as a feedback process . dh gil new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
chip : coping health inventory for parents ma mccubbin family assessment inventories for research and practice 1987.0 
data bubbles : quality preserving performance boosting for hierarchical clustering acm sigmod mm breunig hp kriegel p krã ¶ ger j sander santa barbara california  
virus induced erythema multiforme and stevens-johnson syndrome ac choy pr yarnold je brown gt kayaloglou allergy proceedings 1995.0 
policy-enabled mechanisms for feature interactions : reality expectations challenges p dini a clemm t gray fj lin l logrippo s computer networks 2004.0 
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents in in-patient pediatrics ji singer gc hamilton journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
data allocation in distributed systems p apers acm trans . database systems  
the bub-tree r fenk proceedings of 28rd vldb international conference on very & hellip ; 2002.0 
wk ho â ?? refinements of the ziegler-nicholsttuning formulaâ ?? cc hang kj astrdm lee proceedings-d  
pm3 : an orthogonal persistent systems programming language-design implementation performance a hosking j chen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
guest editor 's introduction y singer machine learning 2001.0 
'' quaker hero burning '' ; of poetry and power : a poem and comment b noll wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
mining frequent pattems without candidate generation j han j pei y yin prtoceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
hierarchical conditional dependency graphs as a unifying design representation in the codesis high - aa kountouris c wolinski proc . int . symp . syst . synthesis 2000.0 
a thin slice preparation for patch clamp recordings from neurones of the mammalian central nervous fa edwards a konnerth b sakmann t takahashi pflã 1/4 gers archiv european journal of physiology 1989.0 
temperature field in deformed fast-reactor fuel assemblies od kazachkovskii av zhukov ap sorokinâ ? ¦ at .  
d. back m. want r. and frederick r. ( 1997 ) . audio aura : light-weight audio augmented reality e mynatt proc . of acm  
heidorn . extracting semantic hierarchies from a large on-line dictionary m chodorow r byrd proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association  
mostly lock-free malloc d dice a garthwaite   
determinants of job satisfaction of federal government employees . y ting public personnel management 1997.0 
robotic planetary exploration by sun-synchronous navigation d wettergreen b shamah p tompkins w whittaker   
a hybrid discrete elementâ ?? boundary element method of stress analysis lj lorig bhg brady proceedings of the 23rd us symposium on rock mechanics & hellip ;  
maintaining consistency in a database with changing types sb zdonik   
trade politics and the environment : tailpipe vs. smokestack c mcausland   
direct pooling of sensitivity and specificity using bivariate models in meta-analysis of studies of jb reitsma as glas aws rutjes r scholten pmm   
hemopoietic colonies d metcalf  1977.0 
database research : achievements and opportunities into the 21st century . a report of an nsf workshop a siberschatz m stonebraker jd ullman sigmod record march  
virtual geometry : a mechanism for modification of cad model topology for improved meshability j kraftcheck  2000.0 
programming pascal with physical units a dreiheller b mohr m moerschbacher acm sigplan notices 1986.0 
cr acad . sci . 46 1157 ( 1858 ) : as couper phil . mag  
advanced knowledge technologies : selected papers n shadbolt  2003.0 
strategic budgeting . dp jones new directions for higher education 1993.0 
what can you build with thousands of bricks ? musings on the cumulation of knowledge in program mw lipsey new directions for program evaluation 1997.0 
corgi : a robot to play fetch gf wyeth & hellip ; intelligent information processing systems special issue on & hellip ;  
stratigraphy and sedimentology of the upper proterozoic kingston peak formation panamint range jmg miller ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1983.0 
aurora * : a distributed stream processing system h balakrishnan d carney u cetintemel m submitted for  
statistical analysis of variance-time plots used to estimate parameters of a long-range dependent wa rosenkrantz j horowitz submitted for publication february  
cache invalidation scheme for mobile computing systems with real-time data jch yuen e chan hw leung sigmod record 2000.0 
deadlock-freedom ( and saftey ) of transactions in a distributed database o wolfson m yannakakis proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
logical design for temporal databases with multiple granularities xswcba brodsky s jajodia i > acm trans . database systems < / i > to appear  
theuseofinsolublepolymersupportsingeneralorganic synthesis cc leznoff acc . chem . res  
tolerance design of r spence rs soin electronic  
the isochronal recovery of quenched-in al-in alloys je epperson p fuernrohr v gerold phil . mag. 1974.0 
web caching with consistent hashing a sherman d karger a berkheimer b bogstad r computer networks  
analysis of response bias p shepherd life at  
toward a multilevel relational data model s jajodia r sandhu proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
translating models across scales in the landscape aw king quantitative methods in landscape ecology 1991.0 
epidemiology and management of almond anthracnose and brown rot in california je adaskaveg j diã © guez-uribeondo h fã ¶ rster d proc . of the 29th annual almond conference  
answering queries using views m vines vldb journal 2001.0 
debugging hw/sw interface for mpsoc : video encoder system design case study mw youssef s yoo a sasongko y paviot aa   
contribution in studying harmful thysanoptera in glasshouse cultivations pn deligeorgidis  1997.0 
a formula for expanding an integral as a series hf willis phil . mag  
using the accreditation process to transform the mission of the library ra wolff new directions for higher education 1995.0 
international organization for standardization organisation internationale de normalisation c proposal rt snodgrass mh bohlen cs jensen a acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
the dec oo7 benchmark m carey dj dewitt jf naughton proc . acm sigmod conf.  
finite element analysis of synchronous belt tooth failure kw dalgarno aj day thc childs proceedings-institution of mechanical engineers part d & hellip ; 1993.0 
search for gamma-ray events in the batse data base w lewin  1994.0 
a uniform geometrical theory of diffraction for an edge in a perfectly conducting surface rg kouyoumjian ph pathak ieee proceedings 1974.0 
dos ; shuai z. g jl brã © das j cornil d beljonne da dos santos acc . chem . res  
a molecular shock tube p simon eth zã 1/4 rich   
database research : achievements and opportunities into the 1st century a silberschatz m stonebraker j ullman acm sigmod record 1996.0 
simulating and controlling the effects of transmission line impedance mismatches re canright jr proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
j. volmer v. welch r. butler d. engert . a national-scale authentication infrastructure d engert i foster c kesselman s tuecke ieee computer  
ye loannidis pj haas and ej shekita . improved histograms for selectivity estimation of range v poosala proceedings of the 1996 acm international conference on & hellip ;  
resource sharing in continuous sliding-window aggregates a arasu j widom proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
dna-miner : a system prototype for mining dna sequences j han h jamil y lu l chen y liao j pei proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2001.0 
invitations to celebrations . children 's literature . rh lombard social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
lack of it integration hurts chem/bio warfare defenses d verton computerworld  
generating efficient plans for queries using views fn afrati c li jd ullman   
application of dbms to land information systems au frank vldb 1981.0 
location-aided geometry-based broadcast for wireless ad hoc network systems m sun th lai submitted for  
birch : an e cient data clustering method for very large databases t zhang r ramakrishnan m livny proc . 1996 sigmod  
the fifty state quarters : art and historical inquiry ta keiper be larson social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
the structure of privatization plans ec perotti se guney   
â ? ³ incremental evaluation of rules and its relationship to parallelism.â ? ³ acm sigmod international o wolfsonâ ? ¦ sigmod record  
computer simulation of solidification wc erickson & hellip ; in metal processing proceedings 25 th sagamore army & hellip ; 1978.0 
penile incarceration : a wrapping technique mb detweiler d perkins journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
non-pharmaceutical measures for prevention of post-thrombotic syndrome dn kolbach mw sandbrink k hamulyak ha neumann cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
workflow automation : technology applications and research a sheth caise 95 tutorial  
portfolio assessment as a strategy for self-direction in learning je jones new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
performance of switch-blocking in multithreaded processors k gopinath mk krishna narasimhan bh lim a proceedings of the 23rd international conference on parallel  
interrogating the ten-year transport plan i docherty area 2001.0 
task scheduling using intertask dependencies in carnot d woelk p attie p cannata g meredith sigmod record 1993.0 
using tools to compose systems d garlan ge kaiser d notkin ieee computer  
subquadratic algorithms for approximate clustering in high dimensional spaces a borodin r ostrofsky y rabani proceedings of acm stoc  
scheduling video programs in near video-on-demand systems el abram-profeta kg shin   
fast lossy internet image transmission gm davis   
l-iypermed : medical records implemented with hypercard mr dambro dp jennings demonstration digests . the twelfth annual symposium on & hellip ;  
java and java tools : waking up the web j lam pc magazine  
are p-branes asymptotically black holes ? a bytsenko k kirsten s zerbini   
andb . seeger . ecientprocessingofspatialjoinsusingr-trees t brinkho hp kriegel proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
minsal marzo 2003 g perinatal   
systems integration throughout the early life cycle wm pryke bt technology journal 1997.0 
the inherent cost of nonblocking commit c dwork d skeen proc . of acm podc  
the interpolation problem for cardinal splines oi kounchev h render   
computing global combine operations in the multi-port postal model abnj bruck ct ho s knipis b schieber procs . of the 5th ieee symp . on parallel and distributed & hellip ;  
no more turn over s alexander computerworld  
eos : exactly-once e-service middleware g shegalov g weikum rs barga db lomet vldb 2002.0 
theory of point estimation el lehmann  1998.0 
prediction risk and architecture selection for neural networks j moody nato asi series f computer and systems sciences 1994.0 
market and nonmarket values of the georgia landscape mg turner ep odum r costanza tm springer environmental management 1988.0 
the birds of santa barbara county pe lehman california . univ. of california santa barbara . santa barbara  
design transformation and abstract design prototyping g friel d budgen information and software technology 1991.0 
the asynchronous backtracking family c bessiere i brito a maestre p meseguer submitted for publication  
resistin/fizz3 expression in relation to obesity and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor - db savage cp sewter es klenk dg segal a vidal - diabetes-new york - 2001.0 
professional learning through workplace partnerships . bk lovin new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
the face in the crowd revisited : a threat advantage with schematic stimuli a ohman d lundqvist f esteves journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
the d-policy for the m/g/1 queue : queue length and optimality rr artalejo electronic modelling  
d'accord guitar : an innovative guitar performance system g cabral i zanforlin h santana r lima g proceedings of journã © es d &#39; informatique musicale ( jim01 ) & hellip ;  
a global garbage collector for federated database management systems m frã © dã © ric t jean-marc b pierre   
c. dw ork and m. naor . non-malleable cryptography d dolev proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on the theory of & hellip ;  
radiation characteristics of graphite from decommissioned uraniumâ ?? graphite reactors vi bulanenko vv frolov ag nikolaev at .  
power conditioning system using sliding mode control m carpita m marchesioni m oberti l puguisi proceedings pesc 1988.0 
multi-object tracking : explicit knowledge representation and implementation for complexity reduction m spengler b schiele   
the beginnings of oeo a yarmolinsky see sundquist  
ultrashort pulse measurements dj bradley ghc new proc . ieee  
addendum to : treatment of simulated wastewater from oxiana resources nl phase iiâ ?? material f geosciences & hellip ; prepared by frontier geosciences inc. seattle washington  
exact observability of diagonal systems with a one-dimensional output operator b jacob h zwart   
worms that wo n't let go m dlunginski pc magazine  
positional versus keyword parameter communication in programming languages wt hardgrave acm sigplan notices 1976.0 
re-engineering : an emetic in a perfume bottle ? p strassman computerworld  
mechanics of underwater swimming in foot-propelled diving birds jr lovvorn proc . int . ornithol . congr  
windows ce prgrammers guide a chen  1998.0 
filtering algorithms and implementation for very fast publish/subscribe systems f fabret ha jacobsen f llirbat j pereira ka sigmod record 2001.0 
the infomix system for advanced integration of incomplete and inconsistent data n leone proc . acm sigmod/pods 2005 conference june 13-16 2005 & hellip ; 2005.0 
rotating squares journal of pattern recognition a donafee c maple  2000.0 
the design process utilized to restore diked salt hay farms to natural marshes l weishar j balletto proceedings of the 23rd annual conference on ecosystems & hellip ;  
understanding web query interfaces : best-effort parsing with hidden syntax z zhang b he kcc chang sigmod conference 2004.0 
software visualizing in the large t ball sg eick ieee computer  
the effect of variable infiltration on design and management guidelines for surface irrigation sr raine dj mcclymont rj smith   
vic 2 : a flexible framework for packet video smcm vetterli proc . of acm multimedia  
on the number of edges in geometric graphs with no self-intersecting cycle of length 4 r pinchasi r radoicic to  
a flexible infrastructure for gathering xml statistics and estimating query cardinality j freire m ramanath l zhang data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
clustering based on association rule hypergr ~ phs the acm sigi40d workshop o ~ res ~ rch issues o ~ eh han g karypis v kumar b mobasher montreal canada june  
application of efficient linear fm matched filtering algorithms to synthetic aperture radar m sack ig cumming mr ito iee proceedings 1985.0 
guest editorial m huhns g weiss machine learning 1998.0 
tinydb : an acquisitional query processing system for sensor networks sr madden mj franklin jm hellerstein w hong acm transactions on database systems 2005.0 
preventive health pamphlets in the emergency department p berger m luskin s krishel journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? concurrency control performance modeling : alternatives and implications ã cents â ? ¬ â ? acm trans rk agrawal mj carey m livny database syst  
tools for self-organizing applications engineering c bernon v camps mp gleizes g picard lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
thermally tunable polarization converter tm koster pv lambeck submitted for  
database research at bellcore t bowen d deluca g gopal p krishnamurthy k lee sigmod record 1990.0 
effects of acute stress on hippocampal long-term potentiation lg nivã ³ n m lehtinen c pavlides   
a tutorial and survey s servers ieee computer  
a database interface for le update s abiteboul s cluet t milo sigmod  
repositories and object oriented databases ; p. 34-26 in : tagungsband zur gi-fachtagung pa bernstein  1997.0 
collaborative concept mapping on the world wide web g regev x gilbert a wegmann   
video summarization based on user log enhanced link analysis b yu wy ma k nahrstedt hj zhang proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
spectra of random and almost-periodic operators la pastur a figotin  1991.0 
corticosteroids for acute traumatic brain injury p alderson i roberts cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
using events to build distributed applications j bacon j bates r hayton k moody   
elective high frequency jet ventilation versus conventional ventilation for respiratory distress t bhuta dj henderson-smart cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
garlic : the science and therapeutic application of allium sativum l. and related species 2nd edn. hp koch ld lawson md  
forbidden triples implying hamiltonicity : for all graphs rj faudree rj gould ms jacobson discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2004.0 
examination of the carbon balance hypothesis of alpine treeline location in glacier national park dm cairns gp malanson physical geography 1997.0 
mapping insurance transaction streams b subirana p carvajal electronic markets 1998.0 
heuristics for trie index minimization d comer acm transactions on database systems 1979.0 
a new look at women 's learning er hayes new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
leonardo da vinci -- anatomical drawings . l pegus j audiov media med 1978.0 
different - adrenergic-specific molecular probes reveal the same dna species in paramecium l surmacz k krawczyk e wyroba cellular and molecular biology letters 1997.0 
secure buffering in firm real-time database systems b george jr haritsa the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
advantages of sige for gsm rf front-ends r lodge electronic engineering 1999.0 
scored her 100 thnwt point in her 90 thgame with the nwt april 7 2001 vs n drolet finland at  
bubbles and drops and stokes ' law wn bond da newton phil . mag  
a probabilistic approach to fast pattern matching in time series databases e keogh p smyth   
2.0 programmerâ ?? s reference and data access sdk m db  1998.0 
international labor standards once again ! tn srinivasan & hellip ; labor bureau of international labor affairs international & hellip ;  
year 2000 woes may blindside desktop apps a jacobs computerworld  
integrating synchronous multimedia collaboration into workflow management g schneider m weber g partschâ ? ¦ proc of acm group  
the marriage of roi and sla t pisello computerworld  
the problem of the whispering gallery l rayleigh phil . mag  
fail-safe compilation of protocols on dynamic communication networks b awerbuch  1987.0 
ip telephony solutions for the customer premises ab catchpole cj middleton t nelson bt technology journal 2001.0 
capabilities transaction costs and evolution : understanding the institutional structure of mg jacobides sg winter unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
freshness aware scheduling in a cluster of databases u rohm k bohm hj schek h schuldt proceedings of 28rd international conference on very large  
on the power of algebras with recursion c beeri t milo proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
a burst-level traffic analysis tool a evangelatos t rapsomanikis n mitrou gi computer networks 2000.0 
media engineering sm west mt norris bt technology journal 1997.0 
bpms : business process management systems d karagiannis acm sigois bulletin 1995.0 
crossed signals : 802.11 b bluetooth and homerf f derfler pc magazine . zdnet  
microwave antenna theory and design s silver   
prednisolone alone or in combination with estrogen or dietary calcium deficiency or immobilization v shen r birchman xg liang dd wu r lindsay bone-new york - 1997.0 
embedded linuxâ ?? informal collaborative software development by commercial firms j henkel   
testing as a dual to learning university of maryland at college park college park k romanik md  
absorption dipolaire et conductivitã © de l'eau adsorbã © e sur la montmorillonite calcique r calvet proc . int . clay conf  
ano wwom j. 1990b . deriving production rules for constraint maintenance s czm tech . rep. rj7348 ibm almaden research center san jose  
fundamental techniques for order optimization de simmen ej shekita t malkemus sigmod conference 1996.0 
lipid peroxidation damage to cell components al tappel fed proc 1973.0 
wirkungen von jod und arsenit auf meeresalgen in kultur ha von stosch proc . int . seaweed symp  
wll the lmplemzntatlon of a simple clclss of logic queries for databases â ?? d sac & c zamolo proc fifth acm sigact-sigmod symp on prmclples of database  
the clotting of the haemorrhage.â ?? i migration geography  
fast and scalable handoffs for wireless internetworks c ramon n venkata proc of acm  
radio spectrum management for tetherless communications js dixon bt technology journal 2003.0 
the student as historian . teacher 's resources . ph porterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
calentador auxiliar para secaderos solares utilizando residuos forestalesâ ?? avances en energãas a iriarte c rodriguez l saravia tomo  
functional specifications ofa subsystem for database integrity k eswaran d chamberlin proc . jc vldb  
innovation diffusion theory as a predictor of adoption intention for financial edi hh teo bcy tan kk wei proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1995.0 
the organizational imperative rj gerhard new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
experiences in federated databases : from iro-db to miro-web p fankhauser g gardarin proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
wal-mart revisesâ ?? 05 rfid expectations c sliwa computerworld  
dimensions of change-a better picture of disruption av lewis g cosier pm hughes bt technology journal 2001.0 
reverse synthesis compilation for architectural research m ganapathi j hennessy v sarkar   
accessible access 2000 m whitehorn b marklyn  2000.0 
characterization of alpha axp performance using tp and spec z cvetanoic d bhandarkar proc . of the 21st annual int . symp . on computer  
ecology of tropical oceans : academic press ar longhurst d pauly inc. san diego  
experiences with the design fielding and evaluation of a real-time communications agent e horvitz j apacible m subramani r sarin p   
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ç ?? é ?? è ¯ '' æ ² '' ç ?? æ ³ ? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # ï 1/4 ? é '' ? é ¹ $ å ¹ ´ ï 1/4 ? ä ¸ ? è ?? â ? ¦ washington : tiger drs seattle  
userâ ?? s guide for the substitution model ar meyer  1994.0 
optimizing existential queries r ramakrishnan c beeri r krishnamurthy & hellip ; . sigact-sigmod principles of database systems conference ( & hellip ;  
awhy do so many more black women than black men enroll in college jm constantine l perna unpublished  
plumage colour signals nutritional condition in the house finch ge hill r montgomerie proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
performance of multihop wireless networks : shortest path is not enough d aguayo ba chambers r morris acm sigcomm computer communication review 2003.0 
birch : an efficient clustering method for very large databases t zhang r ramakrishnan m livny & hellip ; workshop on research issues on data mining and knowledge & hellip ;  
islam and economics chapters 3 and 4 : '' islam and underdevelopment â ?? university of southern t kuran  1999.0 
0 . botti f. cassinari v. dc florio and r. lauwereins . stable memory in substation automation : a g deconinck proc . of the 28th jet . symposium on fault-tolerant computing & hellip ;  
fuzzy control : from fuzzy controllers to cognitive controllers mm gupta w pedrycz j kiszka proc . 3 rdifsa congress seattle washington  
to be presented at 9th iaea technical meeting on h-mode physics gw pacher hd pacher g janeschitz as kukushkin san diego  
interventions for preventing falls in elderly people ld gillespie wj gillespie mc robertson se lamb cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
single-molecule spectroscopy . pf barbara acc chem res 2005.0 
semantic clustering and querying on heterogeneous features for visual data g sheikholeslami w chang a zhang   
toward a foundational typed assembly language k crary   
version 90.1 '' computation structures group memo 284-2 rs nikhil ir manual  1990.0 
hidden messages n rubenking pc magazine . may  
potassium and its regulation fc luft see ref  
standardization for displays . r bowlby g bragg m king j audiov media med 1978.0 
hours of employment and child care . ' d chaplin s hofferth  1995.0 
theclustratelecom database : high availability high throughput and realtime response proceedings of so hvasshovd o torbjornsen se bratsberg p zurich switzerland  
data on the web : from relational to semistructured data and xml s abiteboul p buneman d suciu sigmod record 2003.0 
federating diverse collections of scientific literature b schatz wh mischo tw cole jb hardin ap bishop   
catch-up growth in children with successful renal transplants immunosuppressed with cyclosporin jf knight lp roy agr sheil lancet i 1985.0 
it barometer survey : the use of information technology in building r howard  2001.0 
the geology and geochemistry of the joffre and whaleback shale members of the brockman iron d mcconchie precambrian iron-formations : athens greece theopharstus  
xquery on sql hosts t grust proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
development of a heavy-duty chassis dynamometer driving route rd nine nn clark jj daley cm atkinson proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1999.0 
humanization of the software factory ac gillies information and software technology 1991.0 
pseudo-continuous-time quadratic regulators with pole placement in a specific region ls shieh jl zhang   
tapping the right tools p fox computerworld  
herpes virus-induced athe rosclerosis in chickens â ? ¦  1983.0 
the clothes have no emperor or cabining the commerce clause jt valauri san diego law review 2004.0 
tpc-d-the challenges issues and results r bhashyam sigmod record 1996.0 
simulated annealing and combinatorial optimization s nahar s sahni e shragowitz proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
disk allocation for cartesian product files hc du js sobolewski acm trans . on database systems  
an examination of the effect of ecological factors especially competitive exclusion on the dj woodland proceedings of the 5 th indo-pacific fish conference noumea & hellip ; 1999.0 
an internet-based negotiation server for e-commerce syw su c huang j hammer y huang h li l wang the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
the diffraction of radio waves trom meteor trails and the measurement of meteor velocities jg davies cd ellyett phil . mag  
four-wave frequency mixing in gases cr vidal topics in applied physics 1992.0 
referral of patients with a family history of breast/ovarian cancerâ ?? general practitioners ' pw rose ek watson p yudkinâ ? ¦   
editorial s wright a steventon bt technology journal 2004.0 
a layered architecture for describing information system development methodologies p steele j han   
vist : a dynamic index method for querying xml data by tree structures h wang s park w fan ps yu sigmod conference 2003.0 
a comparison of entropy constrained still image subband coding and transform coding '' jm lervik ta ramstad proc . int . conf . digital signal  
the demarcation protocol : a technique for maintaining linear arithmetic constraints in distributed acms anthology   
rare earthsâ ?? 93 processing and utilisation workshop papers australian mineral foundation adelaide am stewart isbn  
the ibook disaster . jc dvorak pc  
braided hamstring reconstruction of the acl utilizing interference screws w sterret r hawkins m begg aaos surgical demonstration video  
modelling and verification of end-to-end transport protocols aas danthine j bremer computer networks  
case-based rigorous object-oriented methods jm bruel b france m larrondo-petrir as evans and dj duke procs of the 1st northern formal & hellip ;  
natural disasters : recent trends and future prospects m degg geography  
rule management in object oriented databases : a uniform approach . actes o diaz n paton p gray 17th international conference vldb barcelona  
a formal approach to mpsoc performance verification k richter m jersak r ernst   
198 si architekten-verein sia untertagebau zurich switzerland  
is the possibility of a costly aircraft bird strike growing ? p. 169â ?? 178 : m robinson proceedings of the 25 thinternational bird strike committee . & hellip ;  
theoretical problems of organic chemistry oa reutov mgu moskva  
a simple vector-approximation file for similarity search in high-dimensional vector spaces . s blott r weber & hellip ; for informatics systems-eth zentrum zurich switzerland  
extensions ( fpce ) technical report c floating-point   
the stream-line motion of fluid in a curved pipe wr dean  1928.0 
inner-block operations on compressed images b shen   
milk industry np zygouris ministry of agriculture athens greece  
plasma chemistry and technology hv boenig  1982.0 
crystal structure of the pyrococcus horikoshii dna primase-utp complex : implications for the n ito o nureki m shirouzu s yokoyama f hanaoka genes to cells 2003.0 
diffraction data were kindly collected by amm a cryst acc . chem .  
brain mechanisms of spatial memory in lizards e font e desfilis proceedings of the 23rd international ethological conference & hellip ;  
database systems : road kill on the information superhighway ? dj de witt proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
unobtrusive drowsiness detection by neural network learning of driver steering r sayed a eskandarian proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
running microsoft windows nt server 4.0 c russel s crawford  1997.0 
cyclosporine a for induction of remission in severe ulcerative colitis o shibolet e regushevskaya m brezis k soares - cochrane database syst rev 2005.0 
africentric philosophy : a remedy for eurocentric dominance lm hunn new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
opening doors : expanding educational opportunities for low-wage workers s golanka l matus-grossman  2001.0 
finding your cronies : static analysis for dynamic object colocation sz guyer ks mckinley   
structured programming programming teaching and the language pascal o lecarme acm sigplan notices 1974.0 
project 02â ?? 01 february 2003 o resource  2003.0 
join synopses for approximate query answering sapbg viswanath ps ramaswamy   
similarity searching in medical image databases egm petrakis c faloutsos   
initial process of polyglutamine aggregate formation in vivo y kimura s koitabashi a kakizuka t fujita genes to cells 2001.0 
exploiting object oriented methods for multi-modal trip planning systems je mccormack s roberts information and software technology 1996.0 
nist electron elastic-scattering cross-section database version 2.0 ( srd 64 ) . us department of a jablonski cj powell md  
digital watermarking using multiresolution wavelet decomposition k deepa h dimitrios international conference on acoustic speech and signal & hellip ; 1998.0 
experiments with fixed and adaptive herschel-quincke waveguides on the pratt and whitney jt15d jp smith ra burdisso v blacksburg   
a multiagent system for content based navigation of music d de roure s el-beltagy s blackburn w hall proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 1999.0 
lessons learned from three elderly sexual assault survivors k simmelink journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
radar and raingage precipitation comparison as a function of the integration time dea antonio conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
workshop report : international workshop on distributed object management mt ã?zsu u dayal p valduriez acm sigmod record 1993.0 
refrigeration and air conditioning with reduced e nvironmental impact dj bateman  1999.0 
the fiasco kernel : system architecture m hohmuth unpublished manuscript  
considering data skew factor in multi-way join query optimization for parallel execution ka hua yl lo hc young the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
a qualitative approach to recognition of man-made objects in laser-radar images e jungert unpublished manuscript  
hierarchical terrain models : survey and formalization l de floriani p marzano e puppo proc . acm sympos . applied comput 1994.0 
convexity methods in hamiltonian mechanics i ekeland  1990.0 
iterative spatial join eh jacox h samet acm transactions on database systems 2003.0 
the atomic strain tensor p mott as morgan uw sutter  1991.0 
deletion mapping of the potyviral helper component-proteinase reveals two regions involved in rna s urcuqui-inchima ig maia p arruda f bernardi virology-new york - 2000.0 
user-assisted knowledge discovery : how much should the user be involved a silberschatz a tuzhilin proceedings of the sigmod workshop on research issues on & hellip ;  
data access for the masses through ole db . ja blakeley  1996.0 
the five-minute rule ten years later and other computer storage rules of thumb / / sigmod record . 1997 j gray g graefe   
jun. 1994 . alphasort : a risc machine sort c nyberg t barclay z cvetanovic j gray db sigmod record ( acm special interest group on management of  
ontological feedback in multiagent systems rj beun rm van eijk h prust   
sensor fusion for mobile robot navigation m kam x zhu p kalata proceedings-ieee 1997.0 
iddq testing finds further faults j novellino electronic design  
prospective interim lost use value due to ddt and pcb contamination in the southern california bight rt carson wm hanemann rj kopp ja krosnick rc md  
practical handbook of genetic algorithms : applications : volume i l chambers i ( crc press  
an intelligent module generatorâ ?? p sixâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 23rd design automation conference  
overview of the fth text retrieval conference ( trec-5 ) . the fth text retrieval conference ( trec-5 ) em voorhees d harman md  
natural partners : resource-based and integrative learning . jr porter new directions for higher education 1992.0 
approximate joins : concepts and techniques n koudas d srivastava proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
integration of digital libraries into learning environments f oldenettel m malachinski d reil   
design and development of a stream service in a heterogenous client environment n pappas s christodoulakis proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 
a microwave biased gaas submillimeter detection system jd crowley wl wilson jr fk tittel ta rabson & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
new york : viking press 1941 a angyal especially  
optimality analyses of operant behavior and their relation to optimal foraging jer staddon limits to action  
a and fourkas jt 2003 r farrrer acc . chem .  
automatic detection of sentence boundaries and disfluencies based on recognized words a stolcke e shriberg r bates m ostendorf d   
a-topss : a publish/subscribe system supporting imperfect information processing h liu ha jacobsen   
code-based analysis of the development effort of a large scale courseware project im marshal s price pi dugard p hobbs wb samson information and software technology  
schroeder pa rs crisp wg henry phil . mag  
decision feedback equalization ca belfiore jh park ieee proceedings 1979.0 
the implementation of the cilk-5 multithreaded language . in 1998 acm sigplan conf . on programming m frigo ce leiserson kh randall  1998.0 
a privacy-preserving index for range queries b hore s mehrotra g tsudik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
helpmate autonomous mobile navigation system s king c weiman procs . spie conf . mobile  
online feedback for nested aggregate queries with multi-threading kl tan ch goh bc ooi proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
middleware moves to the forefront j charles   
performance and stability characteristics of risk-sensitive controlled structures under seismic ch won mk sain bf spencer jr proceedings american control conference seattle  
lightâ ?? oxygen effect in cells and the prospects for its application in tumor therapy sd zakharov av ivanov quantum electronic  
analytical formulae for dc hopping conductivity . degenerate hopping in wide bands pn butcher kj hayden phil . mag  
amdb : an access method debugging tool m kornacker m shah jm hellerstein sigmod conference 1998.0 
the sum-product and max-product algorithms for graph partitions pj cowans  2004.0 
durkheimian sociology and cultural studies today . jc alexander see alexander  
decentralisation and corruption : why are federal states perceived to be more corrupt ? ucla d treisman unpublished manuscript  
determination of the ionic charge states of seps using the university of chicago imp-8 instrument w dietrich c lopate   
a more symmetrical fourier analysis applied to transmission problems rvl hartley proc . ire  
operational support systems for the future local network rt boyd kj brodrick bt technology journal  
why do they get it when i sayâ ?? gingivitisâ ?? but not when i sayâ ?? gum swellingâ ??? b maylath new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
fast portable orthogonally persistent javatm a marquez jn zigman sm blackburn   
one-versus two-man crew study general purpose attack aircraft : vol iv . crew performance model nr outcault j loughlin w smith l whitley the boeing company seattle washington march  
validation of the embryonic stem cell test ( est ) in the ecvam international validation study on in e genschow h spielmann g scholz i pohl a at la  
quality of service and flow level admission control in the internet n benameur sb fredj s oueslati-boulahia jw computer networks 2002.0 
domino : databases for moving objects tracking int o wolfson ap sistla b xu j zhou s chamberlain sigmod conference  
how to exchange ( secret ) keys m blum acm transactions on computer systems ( tocs ) 1983.0 
hackers steal legislators ' attention . j kirchner computerworld. 1983.0 
adopting self-directed learning in continuing professional education : physicians and architects . gj confessore sj confessore new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
long-term survival of patients with renal transplantation in fabry 's disease r mignani d gerra l maldini l bignardi s contributions to nephrology 2001.0 
manufacturing strategy environmental uncertainty and performance : a path analytic model pm swamidass wt newell management science 1987.0 
an appraisal of the wisconsin junior livestock expositions dl drew  1963.0 
an efficient parallel join algorithm based on hypercube-partitioning hi choi bm im mh kim yj lee parallel and distributed information systems 1994. & hellip ;  
a unified hw/sw interface model to remove discontinuities between hw and sw design a bouchhima x chen f pã © trot wo cesã ¡ rio aa proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
an annotated bibliography of literate programming lmc smith mh samadzadeh acm sigplan notices 1991.0 
pasmac - . a macro processorfor pascal al lansky technical report csl-tn-174 stanford university computer  
java web services architecture j mcgovern s tyagi  2003.0 
space-time analysis of forest fires cd avalos  1998.0 
answering queries using views ay levy ao mendelzon y sagiv d srivastava   
why ta training needs instructional innovation . jdw andrews new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
new york 1999 ny wiley   
official microsoft ( c ) netmeeting ( tm ) book r summers  1998.0 
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database discovery problem l gravano h garcia-molina a tomasic sigmod conference 1994.0 
contextualizing the information space in federated digital libraries . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
from boolean to probabilistic boolean networks as models of genetic regulatory networks i shmulevich er dougherty w zhang proceedings-ieee 2002.0 
structure and optical polarizabilities of small silicon clusters ( abstract only ) t rantala m stockman d jelski t george proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
experimental studies of the progressive tearing failure of pultruded frp composite tubes in flexure ko mertens  2003.0 
clinical and pathological findings of pmws cases in europe j segalã © s m domingo proceedings of the 26th annual allen d. leman swine & hellip ;  
a writing support program for junior women faculty j gainen new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
comparison of ilp formulations for the rwa problem b jaumard c meyer b thiongane submitted for  
photometric chemical analysis jh yoe vol .  
perceived intragroup homogeneity in minority-majority contexts b simon r brown journal of personality and social psychology  
the uneasy alliance ; jewish-anglo relations in san diego 1850-1860 . h schwartz  1974.0 
distributed query evaluation on semistructured data d suciu acm transactions on database systems 2002.0 
next generation structure of management information for the internet j schoenwaelder f strauss lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
managing diversity : lessons from the private sector . mf dobbs public personnel management 1996.0 
binding time analysis for high order untyped functional languages c consel proceedings of the 1990 acm conference on lisp and & hellip ; 1990.0 
designing a large-scale video chat application j scholl p parnes jd mccarthy a sasse proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
miami redskins : deciding about a university nickname pg risser new directions for higher education 2004.0 
multics relational data store ( mrds ) ja weeldreyer o friesen   
record high characteristic temperature ( t0 = 122 k ) in 1.55 m algainas lasers with alas/alinas n ohnoki g okazaki f koyama k iga proc . int . semiconductor laser conf  
efficient representation of extensible records d remy proceedings of acm sigplan workshop on ml and its & hellip ; 1992.0 
link processes : supporting workflow management using a hypermedia scripting language c kacmar j carey m alexander information & software technology  
implementing the concept of strategy : resolving the dilemma of manipulation speed versus learning a cockayne & hellip ; msc thesis department of computer science university of & hellip ;  
liquid membranes : chemical applications t araki  1990.0 
attitudes cause behaviors : a cross-lagged panel analysis lr kahle jj berman journal of personality and social psychology  
diorama table k takahashi s sasada proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
text categorization by boosting automatically extracted concepts l cai t hofmann proc . of the 26th annual int . acm sigir conference on  
leadership jk poley new directions for higher education 2001.0 
moves that matter : issue selling and organizational change je dutton sj ashford ka lawrence   
a handbook of the birds of eastern china jdd la touche volume i  
chrysanthos and n. dellarocas '' proteus user documentation ea brewer technical report mit laboratory for computer science  
the code 2.0 graphical programming environment p newton jc browne proceedings of acm intl. conf . on supercomputing  
studies on oceanography : a collection of papers dedicated to koji hidaka rw stewart  1964.0 
the student evaluative data and secondary analysis rf boruch j reis new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
griddb : a data-centric overlay for scientific grids d liu mj franklin proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
multi-agent reinforcement learning with bidding for segmenting action sequences r sun c sessions   
student activism at ithaca college : reflections on management and leadership pr williams mr mcgreevey new directions for higher education 2004.0 
. enalapril : safe and effective therapy for posttransplant erythrocytosis rs gaston ba julian cv barker ag diethelm  1993.0 
the ibm smart surveillance system a hampapur l brown j connell m lu h merkl s   
distributed speech recognition l burget f grezl   
nondeterministic polling systems mm srinivasan management science 1991.0 
solution of exterior helmholtz problems with radiation boundary condition by imbedding og ernst technical report sccm { 95 { 01 stanford university scientific  
maize breeding for drought stressed areas of ethiopia m nigussie g bogale g sebokesa proceedings of the 25 thanniversary of nazret agricultural & hellip ;  
mapping petri nets to concurrent programs in cc + y weili h xudong information and software technology 1997.0 
m. tsukada i. toizume a. konda and k. hirabayashi h ishikawa sen-i gakkaishi  
instructions for coding explanations : identifying segments relations and minimal units m moser jd moore e glendening unpublished manuscript 1996.0 
er and steward o. ( 1992 ) yx li y zhang ha lester em schuman nt davidson demonstration of local  
an efficient message scheduling algorithm for wdm lightwave networks m ma b hamidzadeh m hamdi computer networks 1999.0 
seeking the truth about ad hoc join costs lm haas mj carey m livny a shukla the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
a scalable algorithm for answering queries using views ay levy   
the federal role . rh davidson js stark new directions for higher education 1976.0 
pull for data broadcast '' swarup acharya michael franklin and stan zdonik . acm sigmod intl b push conference on management of data . may  
money elections and candidate quality s ansolabehere j snyder unpublished manuscript  
b. 1999 modern information retrieval r baeza-yates b ribeiro-neto acm press new  
the cdf collaboration p tipton proc . 28th int . conf . on high energy physics warsaw poland  
chemokines bj rollins blood-new york - 1997.0 
fadbad a flexible c++ package for automatic differentiation c bendtsen o stauning   
concurrency control and recovery in transactional process management h schuldt g alonso hj schek proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst 1999.0 
sgml : a librarian 's perceptions . j corthouts r philips electronic library 1996.0 
towards a european modified business judgement rule for takeover law c kirchner rw painter unpublished manuscript 2001.0 
june 1999 . dbis toolkit-adaptible middleware for large-scale data delivery m altinel d aksoy t baby m franklin w shapiro acm sigmod intl. conference on management of data ( sigmod 99  
effects of alcohol of e ~ 2 - stimulated luteinizing hormone in ovariectomized rhesus monkeys nk mello jh mendelson j drieze m kelly neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -  
college : the undergraduate experience in america el boyer  1987.0 
real-time applications on the internet s rudkin a grace mw whybray bt technology journal 1997.0 
temperature field in deep disposal site for liquid radioactive wastes : simulation of multistep im kosareva mk savushkina mm arkhipovaâ ? ¦ at .  
peer-to-peer transaction processing in a websphere application server environment o biderbost masterâ ?? s thesis eth zurich switzerland 2004 . ( in  
job satisfaction and the good soldier : the relationship between affect and employee '' citizenship '' ts bateman dw organ the academy of management journal 1983.0 
core elements of student motivation in problem-based learning mm mackinnon new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
a comparison of shewhart control charts based on normality nonparametrics and extreme-value theory ra ion r does caj klaassen submitted for publication  
analysis and design of web-based information systems k takahashi e liang www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
online documentation system c visual microsoft corporation  
technological design considerations for monolithic mos switched-capacitor filtering systems dj allstot wc black ieee proceedings 1983.0 
airborne doppler radar observations of the boundary layer of hurricane debby ( 1982 ) md powell pg black conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
generalization in simple recurrent networks m vilcu rf hadley   
linguistic styles : language use as an individual difference jw pennebaker la king journal of personality and social psychology 1999.0 
the first text retrieval conference ( trec-1 ) gaithersburg d harman md  
personalizing xml text search in pimen t s amer-yahia i fundulaki p jain l lakshmanan proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
application of spreadsheet software in software engineering measurement technology p kokol information and software technology 1989.0 
the recentralization of it e von simson computerworld  
challenges for global information systems ay levy a silberschatz d srivastava m zemankova proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
telling the holocaust story to children . pull-out feature ii . s totten social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
high-power laser propagation - thermal blooming dc smith ieee proceedings 1977.0 
price discovery across multiple markets s thomas k karande  2001.0 
0 . ( 1970 ) . exit voice and loyalty a hirschman responses to decline  
management-audit-unternehmenskontext teams und managerleistung systematisch analysieren.-gabler k wã 1/4 bbelmann   
advanced os/2 programming r duncan  1989.0 
nimbus-7 smmr derived global snow cover and snow depth data set . the pilot land data system . nasa atc chang jl foster dk hall hw powell yl chien md  
ad-hoc self-supervising peer-to-peer networks b cooper h garcia-molina technical report stanford university  
ecology and classification of north american freshwater invertebrates : academic press jh thorp ap covich san diego california  
approximate computation ofmultidimensionalaggregates ofsparsedata using wavelets js vitter m wang proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod international conference  
processing speed in the cerebral cortex and the neurophysiology of visual masking et rolls mj tovee proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
long-term persistence of modoc virus in hamster kidney cells hn johnson vivo and in vitro demonstration . am j tropmed hyg  
multi-level ray tracing algorithm a reshetov a soupikov j hurley proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
cross sections for ( n p ) and ( n î ± ) reactions on chromium iron copper and molybdenum nuclei at oiaiv kazachevskii vn levkovskii vl poznyak vf at . energ  
comparing models of decision and action for guideline-based decision support : a case-study approach m peleg s tu j bury p ciccarese j fox ra submitted for  
n. a game theory approach to digital robust control [ c ] dj limebeer proc . of 28th ieee conference on decision and control usa  
video streaming g lawton ieee computer  
using unobserved supply shocks to estimate the returns to educations v hogan r rigobon unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
the pantograph : a large workspace haptic device for multimodal interaction . c ramstein v hayward proc . of acm chi  
a randomized protocol for signing contracts s even o goldreich a lempel  1985.0 
nucleic acids res it weber db mckay ta steitz   
effect of flank or belly-nosing on growth rate of early weaned pigs j borgman b straw p bartlett proc . of the 29th annual meeting of the am . assoc. swine & hellip ;  
cybergrace : the search for god in the digital world jj cobb  1998.0 
improving the start-up behavior of a congestion scheme for tcp j hoe proceedings of acm  
pattern-based design and implementation of an xml and rdf parser/interpreter g neumann u zdun submitted for publication  
operational petri net semantics for ccsp er olderog lecture notes in computer science 1987.0 
on designing incentive-compatible routing and forwarding protocols in wireless ad-hoc networks s zhong l li y liu yr yang   
continuous system modeling fe cellier  1991.0 
the correlatedcorrespondencealgorithm for unsupervised registration of nonrigid surfaces dksth pang d anguelov p srinivasan j davis  2004.0 
shamed into anger ? the relation of shame and guilt to anger and self-reported aggression jp tangney p wagner c fletcher r gramzow journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
stochastic processes in physics and chemistry ng van kampen  1992.0 
superoxide dismutase for preventing chronic lung disease in mechanically ventilated preterm infants gk suresh jm davis rf soll cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
mpeg-7 standard for multimedia databases jr smith   
a case study of electronic banking operations at meridian bancorp r banker r kauffman information and software technology  
social interaction basis of cooperatorsâ ?? and competitorsâ ?? beliefs about others hh kelley aj stahelski journal of personality and social psychology 1970.0 
reliable gossip schemes with random link failures k diks a pelc proc . of the 28th annual allerton conference on & hellip ;  
multiparty computation from threshold homomorphic encryption r cramer i damgard jb nielsen lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
b. 1986 . a formal view integration method j bjskup a convent proceedings of the acm sigmod conference . acm new  
reasonable expectations and the erosion of privacy sb spencer san diego law review 2002.0 
adjustment with a human face : protecting the vulnerable and promoting growth : a study by unicef.-v . ga cornia r jolly f stewart   
certain features of the technology for separating hydrogen isotopes by chemical isotopic exchange of bm andreev ã?p magomedbekov ys parkâ ? ¦ at .  
efficient self-maintenance of materialized views n huyn   
philosophical foundations of physics r carnap new york  
panel performance of rf pdp j kang od kim wg jeon jw song j park jr lim proc . int . display workshops  
dropshaft cascades in roman aqueducts h chanson   
an empirical study of software reuse vs. reliability and stability p mohagheghi r conradi om killi h schwarz proc . of the 26th int . conf . on softw .  
survivable distributed systems : design and implementation kp kihlstrom   
b-to-b portals worry industry ; e-markets may cut manufacturers ' profits j vijayan computerworld  
information integration : the momis project demonstration scacr guidetti gmmmd beneventano s bergamaschi international conference on very large data bases ( vldb )  
storing semistructured data in relations a deutsch m fernandez d suciu   
persistent rubella infection and rubella-associated arthritis jk chantler dk ford aj tingle lancet i 1982.0 
volatiles magma mixing and the mechanism of eruption of augustine volcano alaska da johnston  1978.0 
using separation of concerns for embedded systems design ek jackson j sztipanovits   
inspector joins s chen a ailamaki pb gibbons tc mowry proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
progress on hpcc and nii m winslett   
new york 2001 ; 419 pp k annan r house   
paradigm wars : a basis for peaceful coexistence and beyond l datta new directions for program evaluation  
inland fishes of washington . second edition revised and expanded . american fisheries society rs wydoski rr whitney  2003.0 
extemalising abstract mathematical models . la tweedie r spence h dawkes h su proc . acm  
microsoft excel version 2002 inside out c stinson m dodge  2001.0 
what bakke leaves to the states : preliminary thoughts . rm o'neil new directions for higher education 1978.0 
estimation of settlement in cohesionless soil . bp papadopolous  1984.0 
real time obstacle detection in stereo vision on non flat road geometry through r labayrade d aubert jp tarel v-disparityâ ?? representation â ?? in procs . ieee intelligent & hellip ;  
regulation of dna gyrase operon in mycobacterium smegmatis : a distinct mechanism of relaxation s unniraman v nagaraja genes to cells 1999.0 
ambient intelligence e aartsâ ? ¦ lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
from local to global : the anti-dam movement in southern brazil 1979-1992 fd rothman pe oliver   
childhood lightning injuries on the playing field m cherington fj martorano lv siebuhr rl stieg journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
an extensible notation for spatiotemporal index queries vj tsotras cs jensen rt snodgrass sigmod record 1998.0 
regulation of transgene expression in sugarcane s hansom r bower l zhang b potier a elliot s proc . int . soc . sugarcane  
analysis of high-speed interconnects with frequency dependent parameters r khazaka e chiprout m nakhla qj zhang proc . int . symp .  
arthroplasties ( with and without bone cement ) for proximal femoral fractures in adults mj parker d rajan cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
the alphaslider : a compact and rapid selector b shneiderman   
a reference framework for integrating multiple representations of geographical maps a belussi b catania e bertino   
democracia conhecimento e incerteza : a experimentaã § ã # o democrã ¡ tica nas â ?? sociedades de riscoâ ?? ja nunes  2003.0 
0. and almstrã ¶ m e. : â ?? transmission at 20 gb/s with directly modulated dbr lasers over 30 km i kjebon e almstrom proc . 28th european conference on optical communication & hellip ;  
on the hardware-software partitioning problem : system modeling and partitioning techniques m lopez-vallejo jc lopez acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems 2003.0 
some child-rearing antecedents of criminal behavior in adult men j mccord journal of personality and social psychology 1979.0 
a routing underlay for overlay networks a nakao l peterson a bavier   
hidac camera design for positron emission tomography jc hand   
optimizing queries using materialized views j goldstein pa larson  2001.0 
the principal 's other problems : honest incompetence and the specification of objectives j hendry academy of management review 2002.0 
shoring up persistent applications mj carey dj dewittâ ? ¦   
1994 '' block structured multigrid solution of 2 d and 3 d elliptic pde 's . '' technical report afm 94 - ja michelsen technical university of  
e-mail from don mooty 2002 ( 2002 ) '' d mooty   
decidability and complexity of petri net problems-an introduction j esparza lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
relabeling internal and external validity for applied social scientists dt campbell new directions for program evaluation 1986.0 
a statecharts-based software development process for mobile agents g fortino w russo e zimeo information and software technology 2004.0 
evaluating teaching through teaching awards e carusetta new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
autofocusing techniques for imaging moving targets by sar based on a multilinear time-frequency s barbarossa r mascolo proc . int . conf .  
regional ( spinal epidural caudal ) versus general anaesthesia in preterm infants undergoing pd craven n badawi dj henderson-smart mo ` brien cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
applied bayesian and classical inference : the case of the federalist papers f mosteller dl wallace  1984.0 
the national dialogue on academic and student affairs collaboration dm bourassa k kruger new directions for higher education 2001.0 
successful down-regulation of natural and xenoreactive antibodies in pig-to-baboon t morschheuser g steinhoff l indzhiia a heiser transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
the implementation and performance evaluation of the adms query optimizer : integrating query result cm chen n roussopoulos lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
empty words and whiffs of hypocrisy : behavioral integrityâ ?? the fit between words and deeds as a t simons unpublished manuscript  
hybrid sender and receiver driven rate control in multicast layered video transmission j vieron c guillemot   
microsoft guide to visual basic for ms-dos pg aitken microsoft programming series 1993.0 
the illusion of courage : underestimating social-risk aversion in self and others . l van boven g loewenstein n welch d dunning submitted for publication  
plan-per-tuple optimization solution - parallel execution of expensive user-defined functions f carino wo ` connell vldb 1998.0 
a database design for musical information wb rubenstein acm sigmod record 1987.0 
implementing radical change : gradual versus rapid pace mj gallivan jd hofman wj orlikowski proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
automatic extraction and integration of bibliographic information on the web using hidden markov j geng  2002.0 
value of information in capacitated supply chains s gavirneni r kapuscinski s tayur management science 1999.0 
hormonal activity and membrane action of plants terpenoids mv zamaraeva ai hagelgans lv lubnina ae abramov cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
on newtonâ ?? s method for singular problems a griewank mr osborne submitted for  
autonomous acquisition of fuzzy rules for mobile robot control : first results from two evolutionary ag pipe b carse procs . of genetic & evolutionary comp . gecco 2000  
monotonically convergent iterative learning control for linear discrete-time systems kl moore yq chen v bahl for submission to automatica  
efficient estimation of models with conditional heteroscedasticity d steigerwald   
fu . discovery of multiple-level association rules from large databases j han andy proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;  
paws : a performance evaluation tool for parallel computing systems d pease a ghafoor i ahmad dl andrews k foudil -   
coauthors 1998 : final report nfp31 : operational use of radar for precipitation measurements in j joss   
a framework for agents cooperative working in emergency management . c balducelli m boero b errico the proceedings of the d-ai * ia &#39; 93 3rd meeting of the & hellip ; 1993.0 
others 1995 . oregon caves national monument 1995 visitor survey . national park service d rolloff pacific northwest region seattle  
178 ] p. : ill. maps e du chene  2002.0 
b. theodoulidis and u. dayal \ \ towards an infrastructure for temporal databases '' n pissinou r snodgrass r elmasri i mumick t sigmod record  
new ores for old furnaces : pelletized ironâ ?? fcf earney geography 1958.0 
edsos implosion and explosion : concepts to automate part of application maintenance of relational rj veldwijk mv van dijk erk spoor information and software technology 1991.0 
wk # m and hf korth '' a model of cad transactions '' f bancllhon proc vldb  
missing the memory wall : the case for processor/memory integration a sausbury f pong a nowatzyk proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on computer & hellip ;  
influence of low-energy hadronic interaction programs on air shower simulations with corsika d heck r engel g battistoni a fasso a ferrari   
threshold models in non-linear time series analysis h tong  1983.0 
the contribution of individual motor units to the emg power spectrum rs lefever cj de luca the proc 29th ann conf on engrg med biot  
high-temperature irradiation behavior of structural graphite ip kalyagina ys virgilâ ?? ev vr zolotukhinâ ? ¦ at . energ  
compiler group . an overview of the suif compiler system s stanford technical report stanford university  
some factors affecting the spatial distribution of chicago land values 1910-1960 mh yeates economic geography 1965.0 
cidnp experiments with pulsed optical and pulsed radio frequency excitation s schaeublin & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1976.0 
functional interaction of general transcription initiation factor tfiie with general chromatin sw kang t kuzuhara m horikoshi genes to cells 2000.0 
on the vibrations set up in molecules by collisions jh jeans phil . mag  
andd . suciu . catching the boat with strudel : experiences with a web-site management system m fernandez d florescu j king a levy proc . acm  
pamoramic image mosaic hy shum r szeliski technical report msr-tr-97-23 microsoft research one microsoft  
a model for electronic documents r koo   
the role of planning in grid computing j blythe e deelman y gil c kesselman a agarwal   
developing sustainable communities : the future is now d geis t kutzmark   
academic press nf optics gp agrawal inc. san  
neoadjuvant treatment of locally advanced carcinoma of the uterine cervix with epirubicin gd ` agostino m distefano s greggi m salerno g cancer chemotherapy and pharmacology 2002.0 
query flocks : a generalization of association-rule mining d tsur jd ullman s abiteboul c clifton r proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1998.0 
simulating a $ 2m commercial server on a $ 2k pc . ar alameldeen mmk martin cj mauer ke moore m   
three-dimensional computer vision y shirai  1987.0 
gynaecological services in greece d niakas the economics of gynaecological services in greece . athens : & hellip ;  
performance evaluation of two concurrency control mechanisms in a distributed database system wtk lin proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference  
knowledge interchange format version 3.0 reference manual . computer science department mr genesereth re fikesâ ? ¦  1992.0 
a predicate matching algorithm for database rules systems '' e hansenâ ? ¦ proc . 1990 acm-sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
beeldende kunst en onze hersenen l maffei a fiorentini isbn  
a satellited human y chromosome p genest m bouchard j bouchard lancet i  
parameter estimation in stochastic logic programs j cussens machine learning 2001.0 
view relevance driven materialized view selection in data warehousing environment s vadapalli k karlapalem   
pericardio-diaphragmatic rupture : five new cases and literature review1 op sharma journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
a tsql2 tutorial rt s & grassâ ? ¦ slgmod record  
a comparison of several approximate algorithms for finding multiple ( n-best ) sentence hypotheses r schwartz s austin   
brave new algebraic geometry and global moduli spaces of ring spectra preprin t math b toen g vezzosi   
constant response to change : the role of the financial aid office . nk hart new directions for higher education 1991.0 
3d internet developments m crossley j davies r taylor-hendry bt technology journal  
self-testing of test units in user -- programmed fpgas p tomaszewicz a kraå?niewski proceedings of the 25 theuromicro conference milan italy & hellip ;  
druin ( 1999 ) a. single display groupware : a model for co-present collaboration j stewart b bederson proc acm chi  
component based applications designing m kirtland  1999.0 
blood pressure and end-stage renal disease in men - group of 2 & raquo ; mj klag pk whelton bl randall jd neaton fl   
from region encoding to extended dewey : on efficient processing of xml twig pattern matching j lu tw ling   
washineton birds-their identification and location ej larrison kgs anii seattle audubon society seattle washington  
mood projection bias and equity market volatility r mehra r sah university of california santa barbara  
benefiting from the unique properties of lanthanide ions . jc bunzli acc chem res 2006.0 
some optimal inapproximability results j hastad journal-acm 2001.0 
content-based image indexing and retrieval wy ma hj zhang handbook of multimedia computing  
distance learning through distributed collaborative video viewing a balachandran jj cadiz   
reinterpreting the empathy-altruism relationship : when one into one equals oneness rb cialdini sl brown bp lewis c luce sl journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
sync : a system for mobile collaborative applications j munson p dewan   
application of an analytical model to evaluate storage structures tj teorey ks das proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1976.0 
the decomposition and factorization of boolean expressions rk brayton c mcmullen proc . iscas  
fast codebook design for vector quantization on partitioned space s momose k sano t nakamura   
knowledge utilization and power in university decision making ae guskin new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
abstracts of invited industrial track presentations z ives proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2003.0 
re-sends '' j gemmell srmu erasuring-correcting technical report msr-tr-97-20 microsoft research june  
attention automatism and consciousness rm shiffrin scientific approaches to consciousness  
public-key cryptography and password protocols . february 1999 . earlier version in proc . of the 5th s halevi h krawczyk  1998.0 
source international conference on management of data archive jm peckman s ram m franklin proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1997.0 
strong functional dependencies and their application to normal forms in xml mw vincent j liu c liu acm transactions on database systems 2004.0 
efficient view maintenanceat data warehouse d agrawal a el abbadi a singh t yurek proceedings of the acm sigmod conference  
phrase identification in cross-language information retrieval m adriani cj van rijsbergen proceedings of the riao ( recherche dâ ?? informations assistee & hellip ;  
evaluation issues in medical research synthesis wh yeaton pm wortman new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
searching in the presence of linearly bounded errors ja aslam   
national marine fisheries service n commerce seattle  
a laser controlled area must be established whenever there is a nhz c area   
entropy and information theory rm gray  1991.0 
elderberry bark lectin-gold techniques for the detection of neu5ac ( î ± 2 6 ) gal/galnac sequences : dj taatjes j roth w peumans ij goldstein the histochemical journal 1988.0 
what qos research hasnt understood about risk b teitelbaum s shalunov   
incremental evaluation and its relationship to parallelism o wolfson h dewan s stolfo y yemini proceedings of the acm-sigmod 1991 international conference & hellip ;  
post-war economic growth in the group of five countries mj boskin lj lau  1992.0 
a model for active object oriented databases t milo vldb 1991.0 
interpersonal forgiving in close relationships : ii . theoretical elaboration and measurement me mccullough kc rachal sj sandage el journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
l. and rausher e simms md  
pulmonary embolism presenting as an acute surgical abdomen dc smith journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
contamination of surfaces during high-energy electron irradiation rk hart tf kassner jk maurin phil mag 1970.0 
dynamic linking and hot swapping for mobile code languages august 1999 d duggan unpublished  
recursive ascent : an lr analog to recursive descent gh roberts acm sigplan notices 1988.0 
â ?? quantum electrodynamics of two-level atoms in cavities : some theoretical studies a joshi ph. d. thesis ( university of bombay india  
a cluster approach to incremental learning r brits ap engelbrecht   
investment policies for college and university endowments wt spitz new directions for higher education 1999.0 
learning self-evaluation : challenges for students j macgregor new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
eduard ayguad e and antonio gonz alez . hypernode reduction modulo scheduling j llosa m valero proc . of the 28th ann . intl. symp . on  
syw su . k : a high-level knowledge base programming language ym shyy proceedings international conference on management of  
the next really bad idea jc dvorak pc magazine  
interactive exploration of interesting findings in the telecommunication network alarm sequence m klemettinen h mannila h toivonen information and software technology 1999.0 
lcs net address format n chiappa d clark d reed mit laboratory for computer science network implementation note  
communication theory and the utilization of evaluation dl newman rd brown la braskamp new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
channel classification prediction of channel response and assessment of channel condition dr montgomery jm buffington  1993.0 
modelling of cloud and radiation in the echam model e roeckner m rieland e keup procs . ecmwf/wcrp workshop on â ?? clouds radiative transfer & hellip ;  
microsoft access version 2002 inside out h feddema   
data quality yu huh fr keller tc redman ar watkins information and software technology 1990.0 
optimizing queries using materialized views : a practical scalable solution j goldstein pa larson sigmod conference 2001.0 
orientation of nursing assistant instructors by nancy radke a research paper submitted in partial ja benkowski  2003.0 
sep data from the apex cosmic ray upset experiment : the performance of commercial devices in space j adolphsen j barth eg stassinopoulos ka label at  
a case-based approach to information integration m panti l spalazzi a giretti vldb 2000.0 
starts : stanford proposal for internet meta-searching hgmap luis cckc gravano technical report stanford university  
introduction . fa hayek see bastiat  
first looks voice recognition : ibmâ ?? s dictation system is quite a talk show r malloy pc magazine  
methods of theoretical physics pm morse h feshbach  1953.0 
i7gde windows nt h chtw microsoft prrss  
jf lu . a new metric for object-oriented design jy chen information and software technology  
subjective barriers to prevent wandering of cognitively impaired people jd price dg hermans j grimley evans cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
complications of cornstarch as a donning agent for latex gloves mw brown-beasley journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
adata modeland query languagefor exodus jm carey dj dewiit sl vandenberg proc . acm sigmod  
the burnside problem and identities in groups si adian  1979.0 
parity striping of disk arrays : low-cost reliable storage with acceptable throughput j gray b horst m walker vldb 1990.0 
hierarchical test generation for digital circuits represented by decision diagrams j raik  2001.0 
joint ventures and the option to expand and acquire b kogut management science 1991.0 
vox populi no. 2 : a bilingual text and sound installation cl jaramillo proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
weizhao . \ \ on real-timetransactions . '' j stankovic acm sigmod record  
adaptive long-lived renaming using bounded memory y afek h attiya a fouren g stupp d touitou unpublished manuscript  
new directions in management information transfer . rn farmer  1968.0 
referring patients from triage out of the emergency department to primary care settings : one ka kelly journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
speech pathology phonological screening awareness test a henty unpublished manuscript  
toward a unified conception of business ethics : integrative social contracts theory t donaldson tw dunfee the academy of management review 1994.0 
generation gap in the workplace between baby boomers and generation x wv govitvatana  2001.0 
dynamic memory allocation for multiple-query workloads m mehta dj dewitt proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
the stability scalability and performance of multi-agent systems lc lee hs nwana dt ndumu p de wilde bt technology journal 1998.0 
a light-weight formalism for the specification of reactive systems p scholz proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ; 1996.0 
the analysis of the effects of concurrency control on distributed database system performance dz badal vldb  
computations on a spherical view space for efficient planning of viewpoints in 3-d object modeling k morooka h zha t hasegawa 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ; 1999.0 
a model for a data acquisition solution for a medium size accelerator laboratory ( abstract only ) a lampinen k loberg m lahtinen j rauma oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
lpminer : an algorithm for finding frequent itemsets using length-decreasing support constraint m seno g karypis   
engineering hydrology d koutsoyiannis t xanthopoulos national technical university  
impact of guided mastery and enactive exploration on self-regulatory mechanisms and knowledge s debowski re wood a bandura submitted for publication  
analysis and measurement of latency in group communication systems e thomopoulos   
a basic local alignment search tool . journal of molecular biology 1990 . 14 ] a. guttman . r-trees : a sf altschul w gish w miller ew myers dj lipman proc . acm sigmod  
alfred werner revisited : the coordination chemistry of anions . k bowman-james acc . chem . res 2005.0 
two-view geometry estimation by random sample and consensus o chum  2005.0 
characterization and generation of a general class of resource-constrained project scheduling r kolisch a sprecher a drexl management science 1995.0 
administering a distributed database management system h walker acm-sigmod  
m. hassoun ja dudley ra & ward gf ( 1992 ) jd rueb j barnaba & hellip ; -135 crew reduction feasibility demonstration study : 3 . test  
the ioa language and toolset : support for mathematicsbased distributed programming sj garland na lynch submitted for  
the new grove dictionary of music and musicians second edition vol . 11 be humperdinck   
empirical status of cognitive behavioral therapy for obsessive compulsive disorder : a meta-analytic js abramowitz me franklin eb foa unpublished manuscript  
assessing organisational obstacles to component-based development : a case study approach d kunda l brooks information & software technology 2000.0 
g-exec geological data handling system s henley   
charity box 1 c harris c kuehn proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
simulations of gravity wave induced turbulence using 512 pe cray t3e jm prusa pk smolarkiewicz aa wyszogrodzki   
falcon : relevance feedback in metric spaces l wu c faloutsos k sycara t payne submitted to acm  
the late pleistocene of the central north-siberian lowland . izvestia academy of sciences ussr el fisher bn leonov mz nikolskaya om petrov ap geography  
the impact of the internet on telecommunication architectures jp hubaux c gbaguidi s koppenhoefer jyl boudec  1999.0 
first looks : delphi combines visual programming and local code compiler n rubenking pc magazine no  
mariposa : a wide-area distributed database system m stonebraker pm aoki w litwin a pfeffer a sah the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
the marine gram-negative eubacteria : genera photobacterium beneckea alteromonas pseudomonas and p baumann l baumann the prokaryotes 1981.0 
the architecture of a multiple representation system mr genesereth  1981.0 
la notion de dã © pense g bataille å?uvres complã ¨ tes i  
the spallation neutron source diagnostics s assadi procs . of this conference  
colchicine-induced bone marrow suppression : treatment with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor r harris g marx m gillett a kark s arunanthy journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
sperm competition games : a prospective analysis of risk assessment ga parker ma ball p stockley mjg gage proceedings : biological sciences 1997.0 
functional organization of chlorophyll in chlorophyll ccontaining marine phytoplankton ba boczar  1985.0 
a system for watermarking relational databases r agrawal pj haas j kiernan   
on the harm that pretesting does dl danilov jr magnus submitted for publication 2001.0 
softech microsystems u pascal inc. san diego  
building bridges with practice : an empirical study of electronic commerce issues ng shaw   
empowering young citizens for social action . children 's literature . t mcgowanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
japanese syntactic lexicon in mu project y sakamoto proc . of 28th conference of ipsj  
xml schemas in oracle xml db r murthy s banerjee proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
high-t-low-p metamorphism in the ryoke belt of japan : consequences of ridge subduction.-geol . soc . m brown t nakajima annual meeting seattle washington . abs . with programs  
it 's the curriculum stupid ; in union city nj we remade our schools before adding technology . f carrigg g ramella electronic learning 1996.0 
a particulate matter risk analysis for philadelphia and los angeles . prepared by abt associates for a associates md  
synchrotron radiation research and finnish beamline at max-lab ( abstract only ) s aksela proceedings of the 25 th annual conference on the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
on extended stochastic integrals ym kabanov teor . verojatnost . i primenen  
chord : a p2p lookup protocol for internet applications i stoica r morris d karger m kaashock h proc . of acm sigcomm  
innovative methods for installing fiber optic ed areas in communications vol . sac-1 no. 3 april jb masterson proc . 29th int . wire cuble  
intelligent planning : a decomposition and abstraction based approach q yang me pollack  1997.0 
developmental needs as intrinsic incentives . jh lawrence new directions for higher education 1985.0 
the variables of positive change df sullivan new directions for higher education 2002.0 
b. ( 2001 ) . ratio comparison : performance on ratio in similarity tesk j margarit og figueras proceedings of the 25 conference of the international group  
evaluation of the focal distance of lenses by white-light lau phase interferometry m thakur c shakher   
re-engineering needs generic programming language technology mgj van den brand p klint c verhoef   
an object-oriented procedural database for vlsi chip planning w wolf proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
new results on visual cryptography s droste lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
guest editor 's introduction sa goldman machine learning 1995.0 
nasa storage/retrieval net to go on-line june 1984 . p gillin computerworld. 1983.0 
vist : a dynamic index method for querying xml data by tree structures hwspw fan ps yu proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
gofer 2.30 a release notes mp jones unpublished manuscript  
dynamic fine-grained localization in ad-hoc networks of sensors a savides b strivastava proc . acm mobicom  
macromolecules hr kricheldorf p jahnke   
å ¸ ? æ ?? å ? 3/4 ä ¹ ¦ å ?? ä 1/2 ? å ® $ è ¯ ? d shank m roberts t myers microsoft office  
summary of the final report of the nsf workshop on scientific database management jc french ak jones jl pfaltz sigmod record  
a review of recent work oil multi-attribute acce methods d lomet sigmod record  
social behavior jo wolff advances in the study of peromyscus 1989.0 
fracture-related amplitude variations with oset and azimuthin marineseismic data : 67th annual c macbeth xy li f ohlsen h jakubowicz w kirk expanded abstracts i  
constructive validity d scott symposium on automatic demonstration  
controlled expansion of a molecular cavity in a steroid host compound k sada m sugahara k kato m miyata acc . chem . res 1994.0 
magnetic field settings for the k 130 cyclotron ( abstract only ) m rinta-nikkola oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the cougar project : a work-in-progress report a demers j gehrke r rajaraman n trigoni y yao sigmod record 2003.0 
designing dbms for the temporal dimension v lum p dadam r erbe j guenauer p pistor g proc acm sigmod  
low-fip to high-fip gamma-ray line ratio in an impulsive flare on 6 november 1997 m yoshimori a shiozawa k suga proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf  
checking consistency of database constraints : a logical basis . 12th int f bry r manthey vldb conf kyoto japan  
sexual conflict : males with highest mating success convey the lowest fertilization benefits to rr warner dy shapiro a marcanato cw petersen proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
activators and repressors : making use of chromatin to regulate transcription ap wolffe j wong d pruss genes to cells 1997.0 
the enigma of organizational effectiveness k cameron new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
the pertâ ?? brm mce ot concurrency 1080 ieee rransactions on software engineering . vol . 14 . no 8 . m carey m stonebraker prw . vldb  
read this only to yourself : the private writings of midwestern women 1880â ?? 1910 ( bloomington 1982 e hampsten at  
behavior of database production rules : termination confluence and observable determinism a alexander w jennifer mh joseph proc . of the 1992 acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . on management of & hellip ;  
entspannungstraining verlag klett-cotta mã 1/4 nchen 1987 d bernstein t borkovec   
an e cient fault-tolerant protocol for replicated data management a el abbadi d skeen f cristian proc . 4th acm sigact-sigmod conf . on principles of database & hellip ;  
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource bt technology journal c wheddon bt technology journal 1998.0 
geometry on gpus h fuchs proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
formal semantics of sql queries m negri g pelagatti l sbattella acm transactions on database systems 1991.0 
c. mead . computing motion using analog and binary resistive networks j hutchison c koch i luo ieee computer  
teaching in a diverse environment : knowledge and skills needed by tas . n chism new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
optimal and time-consistent fiscal policy with international mobility of capital : why does the us p klein v quadrini j rios-rull unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
an overview of actor languages g agha   
a benthic index of biotic integrity for streams in the pacific northwest ls fore jr karr rw wisseman submitted for publication  
managing semantic heterogeneity with production rules and persistent queues s ceri j widom   
ieee xplore y matias l portman data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
procrastination scheduling in fixed priority real-time systems r jejurikar r gupta   
erotic stimuli and aggression : facilitation or inhibition e donnerstein m donnerstein r evans journal of personality and social psychology 1975.0 
molecular biology of the hepatitis b virus a mclachlan  1991.0 
overview of faculty learning communities l richlin a essington new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
demonstrating the usage of single-case designs in experimental software engineering a zendler e horn h schwaertzel e ploedereder information & software technology 2001.0 
structural properties of stress relaxation and convergence from viscoelasticity to polyconvex c lattanzio ae tzavaras   
geographic information systems for geoscientists : modelling with gis : pergamon press gf bonham-carter new york  
kimura and s. nishizaki â ?? cache miss heuristics and preloading techniques for general-purpose t ozaway proc . 28th int . symp . microarchitecture  
using sas/graph â ® software to create graphs on the web h patel   
effectiveness of cbi : a different finding j orlansky electronic learning 1983.0 
a cmos quaternary latch kw current   
timed intercourse versus intra-uterine insemination with or without ovarian hyperstimulation for bj cohlen p vandekerckhove er te velde jd cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
applying database visualization to the world wide web mz hasan ao mendelzon d vista sigmod record 1996.0 
terminal developments and their media capabilities w johnston bt technology journal 2001.0 
standard neutron field at the center of a bir-2 reactor core vd sevastâ ?? yanov as koshelev gn maslovâ ? ¦ at . energ  
aurora : a data stream management system dj abadi d carney u cetintemel m cherniack c   
survival skills and first grade academic achievement . report # 1 . oregon research institues ja cobb center for research and demonstration in the early education & hellip ;  
a distance scan algorithm for spatial access structures a henrich   
deriving structural hylomorphisms from recursive definitions z hu h iwasaki m takeichi proceedings of the first acm sigplan international & hellip ; 1996.0 
sympathectomy for neuropathic pain a mailis a furlan cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
treemaps : visualizing hierarchical and categorical data university of maryland at college park bs johnson md  
mining undiscovered public knowledge from complementary and non-interactive biomedical literature x hu i yoo m song y zhang iy song proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
chemical characterization and microtoxâ ® testing of water accommodated fractions jn hokstad lg faksness ps daling k almã ¥ s proceedings  
purification and properties of an extremely thermostable nadp + - specific glutamate dehydrogenase from n aalã © n ih steen nk birkeland t lien archives of microbiology 1997.0 
carrier sense multiple access protocol for local area networks ss lam computer networks  
authenticating distributed data using web services and xml signatures dj polivy r tamassia   
providing better support for quantified query processing s rao a badia d van gucht proceedings of the fifteenth acm sigmod conference . acm  
the computational complexity of avoiding conversational implicature e reiler proc . 28th annual meeting of the association for & hellip ;  
general hybrid orthogonal functions and some potential applications in systems and control a patra   
using xml security mechanisms a selkirk bt technology journal 2001.0 
gender-related traits and gender ideology : evidence for a multifactorial theory jt spence journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
beam energy spread induced by beampipe steps kcd chan r schweinfurth   
