the zero multiplicity of linear recurrence sequences wm schmidt to  
the defect structure and mechanical properties of spinel single crystals mh lewis phil . mag  
code compression j ernst w evans cw fraser ta proebsting s proceedings of the acm sigplan 1997 conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
preferential treatment for short flows to reduce web latency x chen j heidemann computer networks 2003.0 
participation 's effects on performance and satisfaction : a reconsideration of research evidence ja wagner iii the academy of management review 1994.0 
address compression through base register caching a park m farrens   
to edit rdf u protã © gã ©   
implicit stereotyping in person judgment mr banaji c hardin aj rothman journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
safetynet : a language-based approach to programmable networks i wakeman a jeffrey t owen d pepper computer networks 2001.0 
distributed restoration in telecommunications networks d johnsonâ ? ¦ bt technology journal 1994.0 
mapinfo spatialware : a spatial information server for rdbms . c mina vldb 1998.0 
the stakeholder approach to evaluation : origins and promise ch weiss new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
i2i trust in e-commerce js olson gm olson communications-acm 2000.0 
a characterization of the bivariate normal-wishart distribution d geiger d heckerman   
downsizing in privatized firms in russia ukraine and belarus i filatotchev t buck v zukov academy of management journal 2000.0 
experimental results on qcd from cleo ii t browder proc . 28th international conference on high energy physics  
routing worm : a fast selective attack worm based on ip address information cc zou d towsley w gong s cai   
regulated cascode switched-current memory cell c toumazou jb hughes dm pattullo electronic letters 1990.0 
groundwater fauna of the south platte river system colorado jv ward nj voelz see ref  
local correspondence for detecting random forgeries jk guo d doermann a rosenfeld   
domain-specific keyphrase extraction yb wu q li rs bot x chen proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
the effects of latency and occupancy on the performance of dsm multiprocessors c holt m heinrich jp singh jl hennessy technical report csl-tr-95-xxx stanford university  
issacâ ?? 96 : proceedings of the 1996 international symposium on symbolic and algebraic computation yn lakshman zurich switzerland . acm press new york  
efficient processing of expressive node-selecting queries on xml data in secondary storage : a tree c koch proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
promise : peer-to-peer media streaming using collectcast m hefeeda a habib b botev d xu b bhargava proceedings of acm multimedia 2003.0 
having h-space structure is not a generic property p jianzhong   
agricultural biotechnology : critical issues and recommended responses from the land-grant abt force md  
schubert varieties and cycle spaces at huckleberry ja wolf   
r. yavatkar . distributed file organization with scalable cost/performance . acm-sigmod int . conf r vingralek y breitbart g weikum on management of data  
lightweight uses of logic in conceptual modelling d robertson j augustä ± acm press new york  
inside visual c++ 6.0 ( mit cd ) d kruglinski g sheperd s wingo   
efficient semantic-based content search in p2p network ht shen y shu b yu ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering. 2004.0 
behavior of dielectric barrier discharges in nitrogen/oxygen mixtures r brandenburg kv kozlov am morozov he wagner p proc . 26th int . conf . on phenomena in ionized gases ( icpig - & hellip ;  
h. garc ia-molina and andreas paepcke . starts stanford protocol proposal for internet retrieval and l gravano k chang technical report computer science department stanford  
usage scenarios of dbms keynote r munz 25th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
an integrated system for the evaluation of risk from volcanic gases at vulcano isalnd ( sicily ) m favalli f giannini mt pareschi m ranci proceedings of iamg98 isola dâ ?? ischia naples 1998  
usage and attitude survey about credit and t & e cards ba agency athens greece  
some complexity questions related to distributed computations a yao proc . 11th acm  
additive problems and eigenvalues of the modular operators yv linnik proc . int . cong . math . stockholm  
fast evolutionary strategies x yao y liu pj angeline e d. proceedings of the sixth annual conference & hellip ; 1997.0 
dynamic pricing by software agents jo kephart je hanson ar greenwald computer networks 2000.0 
semantics-based concurrency control : beyond commutativity br badrinath k ramamritham acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
dynamic queries : database searching by direct manipulation b shneiderman c williamson c ahlberg   
fast recognition of lines in digital images without user-supplied parameters a busch proceedings of  
k : a high-level knowledge base programming language for advanced database applications ym shyy   
anti-self dual lagrangians ii : unbounded non self-adjoint operators and evolution equations ( 2005 ) n ghoussoub l tzou   
the potential for open source software in telecommunications operational support systems gl bruce jp wittgreffe jmm potter p robson bt technology journal 2005.0 
policy for older adult education da peterson h masunaga new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
how state regulatory agencies address privatization : the case of wastewater treatment jg heilman gw johnson new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
hepatic artery in liver transplantation s todo l makowka ag tzakis jw marsh jr fm transplant proc 1987.0 
high-end computing on shv workstations connected with high performance network lp huse h bugge   
generation of neo-tendon using synthetic polymers seeded with tenocytes y cao jp vacanti x ma kt paige transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
department of agricultural and resource economics 2200 symons hall university of maryland college plj olson   
apply data mining techniques to a health insurance information system m viveros j nerahos m rothman   
practical data-swapping : the first steps sp reiss acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 
the implication problem for inclusion dependencies : a graph approach r missaoui r godin acm sigmod record 1990.0 
interactive voice facsimile and touchtone dialogues ba cross bt technology journal 1994.0 
applied mathematical demography n keyfitz   
t. : power browser : efficient web browsing for pdas o buyukokten hg molina aw paepcke technical report stanford university stanford  
analyst : marketing should lead web teams . m wagner computerworld  
the mills college tuition-freeze experiment . ml rothman new directions for higher education 1995.0 
inear operators part ii interscience n dunford j schwartz new york  
modeling time-based media s gibbs c breiteneder d tsichritzis the handbook of multimedia information management table of & hellip ; 1997.0 
characteristics of the instrumental precipitation records during the last 220 years in seoul korea hs jung gh lim jh oh   
the query by image content ( qbic ) system j ashley m flickner j hafner d lee w niblack proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
global functioning within a system of care for youths with serious emotional disturbance : a closer mp bates  1999.0 
cacao and the economic integration of native society in colonial soconusco new spain jl gasco  1992.0 
paradox lost ? firm-level evidence on the returns to information systems spending e brynjolfsson l hitt management science 1996.0 
spire : a progressive content-based spatial image retrieval engine cs li ld bergman yc chang v castelli jr smith sigmod record 2000.0 
technology alone no match for security risks s van dijk computerworld  
succinct descriptions of regular languages with binaryâ ?? - nfas l van zijl   
teacher expectations : self-fulfilling prophecies perceptual biases and accuracy l jussim journal of personality and social psychology  
physics 133 lectures : winter quarter s peale university of california santa barbara  
keynote address t bailey women in aviation international conference reno nv march  
swoâ ?? malley and ll peterson â ?? tcp vegas : new techniques for congestion detection and avoidance ls brakmo proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 94  
semantic cache mechanism for heterogeneous web querying b chidlovskii c roncancio ml schneider www8 / computer networks 1999.0 
automatic generation of data conversion programs using a data description language ja ramirez na rin ns prywes proceedings of the 1974 acm sigfidet ( now sigmod ) workshop & hellip ; 1974.0 
a desk-supported computer-based interacting with paper documents w newman p wellner proc . acm  
an empirical evaluation of lfg-dop r bod proceedings coling-2000 2000.0 
family life in the digital homeâ ?? domestic telecommunications at the end of the 20th century b anderson a mcwilliam h lacohee e clucas j bt technology journal 1999.0 
aflp molecular markers as a tool for genetic variability studies of rye inbred lines pt bednarek k chwedorzewska j kroliczak j biuletyn-instytutu hodowli i aklimatyzacji roslin 1999.0 
consortial fundraising lm peterson new directions for higher education 1999.0 
spectrum structure for the three-dimensional periodic landau operator va geä ± ler va margulis ii chuchaev algebra i analiz  
weighted chinese restaurant processes and bayesian mixture models lj brunner at chan lf james ay lo unpublished manuscript  
web database tools sw plainâ ? ¦ pc magazine september  
et30 '' bf4e j christ y corlach w von der saal t lett acc . chem .  
evaluation of it in the danish construction industry jl andresen technical university of denmark  
gibbs 1989 concurrency control in groupware systems ca ellis j simon proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of data  
office information models and the representation of ` office objects ' sj gibbs acm sigoa newsletter 1982.0 
the derivation of statistical expressions from gibbsâ ?? canonical ensemble f ansbacher w ehrenberg phil . mag  
incident monitoring network nears completion r jackson at 1993.0 
studies of voids in neutron-irradiated aluminum single crystals . pt . 1 . small-angle x-ray scattering je epperson rw hendricks k farrell phil . mag. 1974.0 
the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications acm int e rundensteiner h kuno y ra v crestana-taube m conf . on management of data ( sigmodâ ?? 96 )  
concise descriptions of subsets of structured sets k pu ao mendelzon acm transactions on database systems 2005.0 
some remarks on linear diffeomorphisms in wavelet space july 2003 q xie m holschneider m kulesh   
prevalence of iron deficiency and iron deficiency anemia in county of rodopi e karanikolaou g lepidas b tsifouti n 30th greek pediatric congress athens greece may 22ã ? / 24 . & hellip ;  
equivalences among aggregate queries with negation s cohen w nutt y sagiv   
toward the future of stakeholder approaches in evaluation ch weiss new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
source characteristics of the july 17 1998 papua new guinea tsunami inferred from runup data a piatanesi p heinrich submitted for  
the effect of neutron irradiation on the elastic moduli of graphite single crystals c baker a kelly phil . mag  
early ( < 96 hours ) corticosteroids for preventing chronic lung disease in preterm infants ( cochrane h halliday ra ehrenkrantz cochrane database syst rev  
principle component feature detector for motor cortical control j hu j si bp olson j he   
video parsing retrieval and browsing : an integrated and content-based solution hj zhang cy low sw smoliar   
rapid composition of domain-specific design environments a ledeczi a bakay m maroti p volgyesi g ieee computer  
sex typing and androgyny : further explorations of the expressive domain sl bem w martyna c watson journal of personality and social psychology 1976.0 
report on a trip downtown . ko doyle new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
ties that bind jm wexler computerworld  
semantic caching of web queries b chidlovskii um borghoff the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
12th intern . zeolite conf. baltimore p wagner si zones rc medrud me davis md  
far-field optical microscopy of single metal nanoparticles . ma van dijk m lippitz m orrit acc . chem . res 2005.0 
metrics and measurement : software sizing through function point analysis c jones application development trends 1996.0 
the throughflow within ombai strait r molcard m fieux f syamsudin deep-sea research i 2001.0 
kornatzky . ( 1995 ) . thelyric language : queringconstraintobjects . incareyandschneider editors a brodsky & y proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of  
reinterpreting the category utility function b mirkin machine learning 2001.0 
xmdvtool : visual interactive data exploration and trend discovery of high-dimensional data sets ea rundensteiner mo ward j yang pr doshi sigmod conference 2002.0 
the struggles of minority students at predominantly white universities rw saufley ko cowan h black new directions for teaching and learning  
the new second generation a portesâ ? ¦  1996.0 
intussusception following a baby walker injury gp conners ce weber rw emmens journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
structural analysis of point defects in solids jm spaeth jr niklas rh bartram  1992.0 
realising effective intelligent network overload controls pm williams mj whitehead bt technology journal 2002.0 
static detection of security flaws in object-oriented databases k tajima sigmod conference 1996.0 
olap services : semiadditive measures and inventory-white paper a netz microsoft corporation  
a picture book of thomas jefferson holiday house new york 1990 d adler   
the teacher as leader . e glassman new directions in teaching and  
analysis of interacting bpel web services x fu t bultan j su   
personal history and professional career . m bloom m freedman new directions for higher education 1973.0 
andb . eftring deeds : towards a distributed and active real-time database systems sf andler j hansson j eriksson j mellin m acm sigmod record  
software cultures h tellioglu i wagner communications-acm 1999.0 
sensitivity of an astronomical infrared heterodyne spectrometer t kostiuk mj mumma mm abbas d buhl & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
responses of ia and spindle group ii afferents to single muscle unit contractions md binder dg stuart proc . int . union physiol . sci  
strata : a multi-layer communications library ea brewer r blumofe technical report to appear mit laboratory for computer science .  
building intelligent agents that learn to retrieve and extract information t eliassi-rad  2001.0 
the probabilistic analysis of a greedy satisfiability algorithm ac kaporis lm kirousis eg lalas lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
assessing performance in problem-based service-learning projects to peterson new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
fatal pancreatitis as a complication of therapy for hiv infection mt pelucio t rothenhaus m smith dj ward journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
land cover of washington state : description and management km cassidy  1997.0 
gartner : most it security problems self-inflicted jc perez computerworld  
und lin k.-i . ( 1995 ) . fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of c faloutsos proceedings of the 1995 int . acm/sigmod conf . on management  
quantum scattering for homogeneous of degree zero potentials : absence of channels at local maxima i herbst e skibsted unpublished  
use of policy management to achieve flexibility in the delivery of network-centric ict solutions mp dames ma fisher jp wittgreffe bt technology journal 2005.0 
joust : a platform for communications-oriented liquid software j hartman l peterson a bavier p bigot p ieee computer  
pruning decision trees with misclassification costs jp bradford c kunz r kohavi c brunk ce brodley lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
an algorithm for solving the job-shop problem j carlier e pinson management science 1989.0 
antidepressants for smoking cessation jr hughes lf stead t lancaster cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
linux : at a turning point ? n leavitt   
crucial factors in the origins of word-meaning l steels f kaplan a mcintyre j van looveren   
diffusion of cobalt in aluminum ms anand rp agarwala phil . mag. 1972.0 
not e. : generating multilingual personalized descriptions of museum exhibitsâ ?? the m-piro project i androutsopoulos v kokkinaki a dimitromanolaki proc . 29th conference on computer applications and & hellip ;  
hierarchical file organization and its application to similar-string matching t ito m kizawa acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
distributed file sharing : barbarians at the gates ? m macedonia   
data on the variation in ice concentration along the okhotsk sea coast of hokkaido m aota m ishikawa umi to sora  
video conference recording on the mbone w holfelder proceedings of acm  
navigation in liver surgeryâ ?? results of a requirement analysis p hassenpflug m vetter c cã ¡ rdenas m thorn hp   
virtual private network bandwidth management with traffic prediction w cui m bassiouni computer networks 2003.0 
laser physics : x-ray lasers ultrashort pulses strong laser systems av borovsky al galkin  1996.0 
multisite evaluations of health care policies and programs ja freedman new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
creating community within individual courses aw chickering new directions for higher education 2000.0 
testing the distribution of nonstationary mri data sj kisner tm talavage   
cj & whelan mj ( 1977 ) p rez cj humphreys phil . mag  
infrared plasma diagnostics with lasers e holzhauer & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
bandwidth management for the people f saffre c hoile m shackleton bt technology journal 2005.0 
enrichment of dioxin-dehalogenating bacteria by a two-liquid-phase system with 1 2 3 - m bunge a wagner jr andreesen u lechner   
h. g.-m. and silberschatz a. 1992 . overview of multidatabase transaction management y breitbart vldb  
a modeling study of the tpc-c benchmark a publication in a conference st leutengger d dias proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
concise papers he blok s choenni hm blanken ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
decompositions of multigraphs into parts with two edges j ivanco m meszka z skupien discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2002.0 
magneto-spectroscopy of photo-excited states in semiconductors using far-infrared lasers y nisida k muro u kawata & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
clc-3 deficiency leads to phenotypes similar to human neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis m yoshikawa s uchida j ezaki t rai a hayama k genes to cells 2002.0 
the bandit computer program for the reduction of matrix bandwidth for nastran . rep. 3827 naval ship gc everstine md  
venepuncture versus heel lance for blood sampling in term neonates v shah a ohlsson cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a dependability benchmark for oltp application environments m vieira h madeira proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
creep behaviour in the superplastic pb-62 sn eutectic fa mohamed tg langdon phil . mag  
acquiring tense in form and meaning l wagner proceedings of the 23rd annual boston university conference & hellip ;  
optimising bandwidth of abr sources dk madhu pg harrison computer networks  
and ta todd . 1996 jd law kn brewer rs herb demonstration of an optimized tru . flowsheet for  
mapinfo spatialwareâ ® a spatial information server for rdbms m chebel proceedings of the 24 thvldb conference new york usa  
â ?? user access in portable radio systems in the noise limited environment rc bernhardt ieee icc â ?? 87 seattle  
efficient algorithms for discovering association rules h mannila h toivonen   
sj gibbs . concurrency control in groupware systems ca ellis proc . of the acm sigmod  
evaluating synchronization on shared address space multiprocessors : methodology and performance s kumar d jiang r chandra jp singh proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ; 1999.0 
school violence and teachersâ ?? perception of the zero tolerance policy dr konter  2002.0 
on waves l rayleigh phil . mag  
in peptides 1994 cw lee q zhu h shao shh wang g osapay m proceedings of the 23rd european peptide  
herbal medicine in the emergency department : a primer for toxicities and treatment tm moss journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
c and peterson wk 1972 at cb opal e beaty at . data  
â ?? on physical lines of force . part iii . the theory of molecular vortices applied to statical jc maxwell phil . mag  
surgical management of colorectal cancer i kanellos e zacharakis h demetriades d betsis medimond int proc  
solving geometric problems with the rotating calipers tt godfried proceedings ofieee melecon &#39; 83 athens greece  
query by image content : the qbic system m flickner h sawhney w niblack j ashley q ieee computer  
landau levels above the optical-phonon continumin two and three dimensions h frohlich h pelzer s zienau phil . mag  
models for reactive systems z manna a pnueli technical report dept. of comp . sci. stanford university  
sex differences in achievement : a test of alternate theories js eccles t adler jl meece journal of personality and social psychology  
combined work/quality assurance project plan for water quality monitoring and combined sewer ac rex di taylor  2000.0 
dependability of surge protective devices due to lightning flashes gl amicucci bdâ ?? elia g platania proc . of the 26th int . conf . on lightning protection  
prediction by supervised principal components e bair t hastie d paul r tibshirani   
query by image and video content : theqbicsystem m flickner h sawhney w niblack j ashley q ieee computer  
high availability in very large workflow management systems m kamath g alonso r gunthor c mohan research report ibm almaden research center february  
euso collaboration s bottai s giurgola proc . 28th international cosmic ray conference tsukuba & hellip ;  
a practical multicast monitoring scheme j walz bn levine   
inside track j dvorak pc magazine 1993.0 
fast decipherment algorithm for rsa public-key cryptosystem c couvreur j quisquater electronic letters  
on property ( ï ? ) a lubotzky a zuk   
on the derivation of cosmic ray specific yield functions wr webber jj quenby phil . mag  
inside distributed com e guy e henry  1998.0 
1996 . deeds | towards a distributed active and real-time database system sf andler j hanson j eriksson j mellin m acm sigmod  
communications deregulation seen as helter-skelter process by gte chief . b hoard computerworld. 1983.0 
the qbic systemâ ?? v content ieee computer  
getting the most from textbooks : making instruction motivating . j wooster social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
adaptive refinement of search patterns for distributed information gathering um borghoff py chevalier j willamowski   
opportunity in adversity : the case of bradford college . a levine new directions for higher education 1985.0 
understanding the connectivity of heap objects m hirzel j henkel a diwan m hind   
key note address l zadeh proceedings of the 2 ndnew zealand international t wo-stream & hellip ;  
the effect of electrical stimulation and hot boning on veal quality fjm smulders g eikelenboom jg van logtestijn proc . 28th europ . mtg. of meat res . workers madrid spain  
creating a culturally relevant dialogue for african american adult educators ea peterson new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
explicit control of logic programs through rule algebra t imielinski s naqvi proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1988.0 
positive affect facilitates creative problem solving am isen ka daubman gp nowicki journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
[ training practitioners to work with infants toddlers and their families ] . j pawlâ ? ¦ zero to three 1989.0 
form operation by example : a language for office information processing sb yao d luo proc . acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
high sensitivity magnetic field sensor using amorphous alloy g vertesy j szollosy kl varga a lovas electronic horizon  
a most probable path approach to queueing systems with general gaussian input p mannersalo i norros computer networks 2002.0 
minimizing communication costs in hierarchically-clustered networks of wireless sensors s bandyopadhyay ej coyle computer networks 2004.0 
incremental evaluation of a monotone xpath fragment h matsumura k tajima proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
data modeling of time-based mediaâ '' the proceedings of the acm-sigmod 1994 s gibbs c breiteneder dc tsichritzis conference on management  
critical point theory and hamiltonian systems j mawhin m willem  1989.0 
modeling parallel program behaviour in alpes jp kitajima b plateau   
the design and implementation of k : a highlevel knowledge-base programming language of osam * ym shyy j arroyo-figueroa syw su h lam kbms &#39; &#39; very large data bases ( vldb ) journal  
cosmic-ray modulation and the structure of the heliospheric magnetic field j kota jr jokipii proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf 1999.0 
some statistics concerning the disturbance lines of west africa gop obasi unpublished manuscript  
en varian hr ( 1999 ) information rules c shapiro a strategie guide to the network  
the use of integrated remotely sensed and gis data to determine causes of vegetation cover change in s ringrose c vanderpost w matheson applied geography 1996.0 
on porous bodies in relation to sound l rayleigh phil . mag  
acm oopsla workshop on domain-specific visual languages jp tolvanen j gray s kelly   
annealing of point defects in quenched nial je eibner hj engell h schultz h jacobi g phil . mag. 1975.0 
improved performance guarantees for bandwidth minimization heuristics u feige r krauthgamer unpublished manuscript  
information access for all dh rothman computerworld  
some theorems about formal functions g faltings to  
swap meet c metz pc magazine march 2002.0 
genetic algorithms and hopfield neural networks for solving combinatorial problems j balicki a stateczny b zak applied mathematics and computer science 1997.0 
efficient algorithm for bcnf-decomposition wy lin information and software technology 1992.0 
mj maher separability of poyhedra for optimal filtering of spatial and constraint data a brodsky c lassez jl lassez proc . acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles of & hellip ;  
p-karaoke : personalized karaoke system hua xian-sheng l lu hj zhang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the advanced theory of statistics ( hafner new york 1963 ) mg kendall a stuart vol .  
enterprise objects framework : a second generation object-relational enabler c kleissner proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
mindreader : querying databases through y ishikawa r subramanya ps center c faloutsos   
splitting the baby in two : how to solve solomon 's dilemma when agents are boundedly rational g ponti   
power point para windows 95 para leigos . sã # o paulo : berkeley brasil 1997 . 329p. : il . 1 exemplar d lowe microsoft  
the neuronal system of the saccus vasculosus of trout ( salmo trutta fario and oncorhynchus mykiss ) : j yã ¡ ã ± ez m rodrãguez s pã © rez f adrio i cell and tissue research 1997.0 
supervised versus unsupervised binary-learning by feedforward neural networks n japkowicz machine learning 2001.0 
corel focusing on graphics market posts small profit . 2001 tr weiss   
a taxonomy oftime in databases rt snodgrass i ahn acm sigmod international conference on the management of  
dynamic assembly of views in data cubes jr smith v castelli a jhingran cs li   
on cognitive busyness : when person perceivers meet persons perceived dt gilbert bw pelham ds krull journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
the pond : information exploration using an ecosystem metaphor o stã ¥ hl a wallberg j sderberg j humble le proceedings of acm collaborative virtual environments ( cve )  
result sharing among agents using reactive rules m berndtsson s chakravarthy b lings lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
facilitating faculty development . m freedman new directions for higher education 1973.0 
new genetic local search operators for the traveling salesman problem b freisleben p merz lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
introduction to design of experiments umetrics ab sweden 2000 l eriksson e johansson n kettaneh-wold c   
ersatz estimation for sensitivity analysis : a methodology f vazquez-abad l zubieta to be submitted  
academic leadership . tm hesburgh new directions for higher education 1988.0 
immunocytochemical characterization of malignant mesothelioma and carcinoma metastatic to the pleura cs kortsik p werner n freudenberg jc virchow lung-heidelberg - 1995.0 
in pharmacognosy and pharmacobiotechnology williams and wilkins : baltimore je robbers mk speedie ve tyler md  
an integrated enrollment management system . ma claffey d hossler new directions for higher education 1986.0 
rural tourism and marketing : synthesis and new ways of working d gilbert tourism management  
the gulf of aqaba : ecological micropaleontology z reiss l hottinger  1984.0 
investigation of selected voice therapy techniques . presented ai the 19th symposium : care of the jk casper rh colton p woo d brewer san  
diffusion creep of a thin foil gb gibbs phil . mag  
integrating rule-based and case-based decision making in diabetic patient management r bellazzi s montani l portinale a riva lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
formalisation of a cooperation model based on joint intentions fmt brazier cm jonker j treur lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
design of a generalized balanced multiple-valued file organization scheme of order two s yamamoto s tazawa k ushio h ikeda proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference  
using electronic circuits to model simple neuroelectric interactions er lewis ieee proceedings  
functional assessment in alzheimerâ ?? s disease ( abstract ) . 16 annu meet can coll l gauthier s gauthier m mcintyre montreal canada june  
from browsing to interacting : dbms support for responsive websites r ramakrishnan proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2000.0 
recording advances for neural prosthetics ra andersen jw burdick s musallam h scherberger   
recent research on the native history of amazonia and guayana nl whitehead see ref 1993.0 
se ~ tz cl 1989 . variants of the chandy-misra-bryant distributed discreteevent simulation algorithm wk su proceedings of &#39; the scs multzconference on d ~ strzbuted  
concurrency control in group systems ca ellis sj gibbs sigmod record ( acm special interest group on management of & hellip ;  
acm oopsla workshop on domain-specific modeling jp tolvanen j gray m rossi   
spatial operators e clementini p di felice   
linking arc/info with snactor sc shapiro ch chalupski hc chou santa barbara california. : national center for geographic  
experience based sampling technique for multimedia analysis j wang ms kankanhalli   
video browsing using brightness data k otsuji y tonomura y ohba proc  
evaluation of database access paths sb yao d dejong proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference  
fractal telecommunications networks s appleby bt technology journal 1994.0 
the ccube constraint object-oriented database system : an overview a brodsky ve segal proc . second international workshop on constraint database & hellip ;  
on minimizing setups in precedence constrained scheduling wr pulleyblank unpublished manuscript  
ofs : an integrated form management system d tsichritzis vldb 1980.0 
semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles hv jagadish j madar rt ng & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ; 1999.0 
the point of no return during sexual arousal at which ejaculatory orgasm is inevitable pon return   
compound semiconductor device physics academic press s tiwari san diego  
application of a statistical in the data processing 2âª asamblea hispano-portuguesa de geodesia y a venedikov j arnoso r vieira  2000.0 
web services and information delivering for diverse environments j freire b kumar vldb conference cairo october  
design of new daspk for sensitivity analysis s li lr petzold   
improving the start-up of a congestion control scheme for tcp jc hoe proc . acm sigcommâ ?? 96  
non-technical issues in network design-economic legal social and other considerations ph enslow jr ieee computer  
query by image and video content m flickner h sawhney w niblack j ashley q ieee computer  
preliminary optimal orbit design for the laser interferometer space antenna sp hughes proceedings of the 25 thaas guidance and control conf. & hellip ;  
spotfire : an information exploration environment c ahlberg sigmod record 1996.0 
seismic regionalization signal detector and source locator es husebye yv fedorenko   
beclomethasone for asthma in children : effects on linear growth pj sharek da bergman cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
automatic generation of self-test programsâ ?? a new feature of the mimola design system g krã 1/4 ger proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
incremental maximization of non-instance-averaging utility functions with applications to knowledge s wrobel   
aspects of a high-performance parallel-architecture simulator ea brewer master &#39; s thesis mit laboratory for computer science  
keynote address to the acm history of programming languages ~ conference gm hopper history of programming languages . academic press new york  
aqueous electrolyte : model parameters and process simula-tionph d thesis k thomsen technical university of denmark  
designing clusters with infiniband : early experience with mellanox technology j liu j wu dk panda c shamir submitted for  
j am oil chem soc jj la scala rp wool   
the contagion of self-focus within a dyad b stephenson ra wicklund journal of personality and social psychology  
induction of apoptotic cell death by 1 25 ( oh ) 2 d 3 in mcf-7 breast cancer cells j welsh m simboli-campbell m tenniswood proceedings of the ninth workshop on vitamin d. walter de - & hellip ;  
quantifying urban and rural sprawl using the sprawl index dm theobald annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;  
responses of grapevines and grapes to spacing of and within canopies nj shaulis grape and wine centennial symposium proceedingsâ ?? . ed . d. & hellip ;  
characterization of multipotent adult progenitor cells a subpopulation of mesenchymal stem cells m reyes cm verfaillie annals-new york academy of sciences 2001.0 
adaptive network overload controls mj whitehead pm williams bt technology journal 2002.0 
score region algebra : building a transparent xml-r database v mihajloviä ? he blok d hiemstra pmg apers proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
microsoft . corn : a high-scale data management and transaction processing solution s kennamer sigmod record 1998.0 
studies of voids in neutron-irradiated aluminum single crystals . pt . 2 . small-angle neutron rw hendricks j schelten w schmatz phil . mag. 1974.0 
an interactive query language for external data bases fh lochovsky d tsichritzis vldb 1982.0 
d. ( 1995 ) . fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and c faloutsos ki lin proceedings of  
the effects of changes of body temperature on the oxygen deficit incurred in exercise ad claremont  1969.0 
the cougar approach to innetwork query processing in sensor networks a wand a chandrakasan acm sigmod record  
susceptibility of nun moth ( lymantria monacha l. ) larvae to insecticides h malinowski & hellip ; of international conference ; integrated management of & hellip ;  
variations in the seasonal cycle of biological production in subarctic oceans : a model sensitivity mjr fasham deep-sea research i  
prosody and wh-questions m deguchi y kitagawa proceedings-nels 2002.0 
using gibbs sampling for bayesian inference in multidimensional contingency tables ld epstein se fienberg computing science and statistics . proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
the magnetizationâ ?? temperature curves of iron cobalt and nickel f tyler phil . mag  
process control and scheduling issues on a network of multiprocessors a tucker a gupta proc . 12th acm symp . operating system principles  
change k. garcia-molina h. paepcke a. : starts stanford proposal for internet meta-searching l fravano proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on  
stochastic consistency and scalable pull-based caching for erratic data stream sources s zhu cv ravishankar proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
two remarks on simulated tempering s caracciolo a pelissetto ad sokal unpublished manuscript  
comprehending decompositions : a theory and two empirical tests r weber  2001.0 
p. marron the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications e rundensteiner h kuno y ra v crestana-taube m proc . of the acm sigmod international conference on  
variable block-size image coding dj vaisey a gersho   
optimal information dispersal for probabilistic latency targets mk nakayama b yener computer networks 2001.0 
tcp vegas and wan emulator j ahn pb danzig z liu e yan proc . of acm sigcomm  
effective change detection using sampling ( extended version ) j cho a ntoulas technical report ucla computer science department  
zork : a computerized fantasy simulation game pd lebling ms blank   
application-level scheduling on distributed heterogeneous networks fd berman r wolski s figueira j schopf g shao proceedings of the 1996 acm/ieee conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
size-class structure of contiguous riparian woodlands along a rocky mountain river wl baker physical geography  
delivering qos in the next generation networkâ ?? a standards perspective d mustill pj willis bt technology journal 2005.0 
elective versus selective caesarean section for delivery of the small baby a grant cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a case-based technique for tracking concept drift in spam filtering sj delany p cunningham a tsymbal l coyle   
activities and procedures performed by nurse practitioners in emergency care settings fl cole e ramirez journal of emergency nursing 2000.0 
geology of the northern hijaz quadrangles kingdom of saudi arabia gf brown ro jackson rg bogue wh maclean maps i  
group theory in physics ( academic london 1984 ) jf cornwell vol .  
the emergence of distributed component platforms d krieger rm adler ieee computer 1998.0 
software quark model : a universal model for case repositories t ajisaka information and software technology 1996.0 
formal methods are research not development p zave ieee computer  
resource integration using a large knowledge base in carnot mn huhns c collet wm shen ieee computer  
plasma exchange for guillain-barrã © syndrome jc raphael s chevret ra hughes d annane cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
applications . ( 3 ) i ii pf concepts discussion demonstration practice of fitness concepts and  
ã cents â ? ¬ reducing the bandwidth of sparse symmetric matricesã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents e cuthill j mckee proc . acm nut .  
chronic parenting stress : moderating versus mediating effects of social support al quittner rl glueckauf dn jackson journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
safety property verification of cyclic circuits k claessen submitted for publication  
identity negotiation : where two roads meet wb swann journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
search space reduction in qos routing l guo i matta computer networks 2003.0 
cleavage of metal single crystals an stroh phil . mag  
automatic and semiautomatic methods for image annotation and retrieval in query by image content ( j ashley r barber m flickner jl hafner d lee proceedings of spie 2003.0 
servo-system design technique utilising sensitivity as a design parameter y kamiya iee proceedings d. control theory and applications 1983.0 
the alphaslider : a rapid and compact selector c ahlberg b shneiderman proc . acm chi &#39; 94 conference  
species sampling models j pitman unpublished manuscript  
decentralized coordination of transactional processes in peer-to-peer environments k haller c tã 1/4 rker proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
pharmacological management for agitation and aggression in people with acquired brain injury s fleminger rj greenwood dl oliver cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
boundary behaviour of conformal maps c pommerenke  1992.0 
an efficient and cost-effective technique for browsing querying and indexing large video databases j oh ka hua acm sigmod dallas tx may  
curricular learning communities jh levine ns shapiro new directions for higher education 2000.0 
single and loving it : must-alias analysis for higher-order languages . in 25 thpopl s jagannathan p thiemann s weeks ak wright san diego ca  
image compression for pc graphics : something lossed something gained l grunin pc magazine  
macro-actions in reinforcement learning : an empirical analysis a mcgovern rs sutton   
mathematical theories of brittle fracture . liebowitz h. ( ed . ) fracture gc sih academic san diego  
evaluation of dutch health council guidelines on preoperative evaluation wa van klei kgm moons b lo jta knape de   
hydroinformaticsâ ?? 96 a mueller isbn  
getessconstructing a linguistic search index for an internet search engine a dã 1/4 sterhã ¶ ft g neumann m becker j   
moerkotte 1991 : a. kemper c. kilger and g. moerkotte function materialization in object bases k kemper proc . acm sigmod  
genetics of host-parasite interrelationships c person g sidhu see ref  
feynmanâ ?? s operational calculi for noncommuting systems of operators b jefferies gw johnson submitted for  
the lumi-graph siggraphâ ?? 96 sj gortler r grzeszczuk r szeliski mf cohen proceedings of the 23rd annual conference on computer & hellip ;  
the geometry of graphs and some of its algorithmic applications n linial e london y rabinovich combinatorica 1995.0 
allogeneic vascularized transplantation of human femoral diaphyses and total knee joints-first go hofmann mh kirschner fd wagner l brauns o transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
a methodology for enterprise performance management . 1997 decision sciences institute proceedings a presley l whitman d liles  1997.0 
fractional difference quotients along vector fields and applications to second order a domokos submitted for  
a digital video-on-demand service supporting content-based queries tdc little g ahanger rj folz jf gibbon fw proc . acm multimedia  
a critical period effect in the acquisition of a primary language el newport t supalla unpublished manuscript  
minimizing maximum response time in scheduling broadcasts y bartal s muthukrishnan proc annu acm siam symp discrete algorithms 2000.0 
remote virtual disk protocol specifications m greenwald  1984.0 
power optimization of system-level address buses based on software profiling w fornaciari m polentarutti d sciuto c silvano   
visual information seeking : tight coupling of dynamic query filters with f : a ; $ 17 displays c ahlberg b shneiderman proc . acm sigchi â ?? 94  
chaotic evolution of some coastal plain soils jd phillips physical geography  
elementary number theory . e landau   
fascicles for semantic compression and pattern extraction j madar msc . thesis department of computer science university of  
ch . perlot j. rigaudy and r. schmidt jm aubry acc . chem . res  
query by image and video content : the qbic system m flickner h sawhneyâ ? ¦   
automatic measurement of quality metrics for colonoscopy videos s hwang jh oh jk lee y cao w tavanapong d liu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
the impact of freshman year academic success on student persistence and bachelorâ ?? s degree b xiao & hellip ; for institutional research annual forum seattle washington  
partnerships with k-12 education r druckman lm peterson ms thrasher new directions for higher education 2002.0 
ovulation suppression for endometriosis e hughes d fedorkow j collins p vandekerckhove cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
federalist disciplines or local capture ? an empirical analysis of decentralization in uganda o azfar j livingston  2002.0 
transaction management issues in a failure-prone multidatabase system environment y breitbart a silberschatz gr thompson the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
detecting security vulnerabilities in java applications with static analysis vb livshits ms lam technical report . stanford university . http://suif . stanford .  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?concurrency control in a groupware systemã cents â ? ¬ â ? c ellis s gibbs proc . acm  
breast implants revisited : beyond science on trial rs dresser we wagner pc giannelli wisconsin law review 1997.0 
hypercup m schlosser m sintek s decker w nejdl april 2002 ) technical report stanford  
the evolution of functionally novel proteins after gene duplication al hughes proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
the conversational classroom proceeding of the 34th technical symposium on computer science w waite m jackson a diwan  2003.0 
high energy particles b rossi   
traits : composable units of behaviour n scharli s ducasse o nierstrasz ap black lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
some enzymatic properties of polymannuronic acid câ ?? 5 epimerase in brown algae m ishikawa k nisizawa proc . int . seaweed symp  
formation of the impacted ghetto : evidence from large metropolitan areas : 1970â ?? 1980 . ma hughes urban geography  
râ $ uhl t. and bal he 1998b . user-level network interface protocols raf bhoedjang ieee  
variable optical polarization in her x-1 ( abstract only ) pj hakala j egonsson oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
keynote address m lehman proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer - & hellip ;  
on the formalism of local variational differential operators s igonin a verbovetsky r vitolo   
recent argus results on charm baryon physics j stiewe proc . 26th int . conf . on high energy physics ( dallas tx  
cognitive psychology and college-level pedagogy : two siblings that rarely communicate mw matlin new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
plug-and-play pcmcia cards o rist pc magazine 1993.0 
descriptions of heretofore unknown mammals from islands in the gulf of california mexico . wh burt  1932.0 
telecommunications and higher education : in search of a public policy . mb goldstein new directions for higher education 1983.0 
attitudinal and normative variables as predictors of specific behaviors i ajzen m fishbein journal of personality and social psychology  
laparoscopic surgery for subfertility associated with endometriosis tz jacobson dh barlow pr koninckx d olive c cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
a critical look at critical chain project management t raz r barnes   
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions ay levy a rajaraman jj ordilleâ ? ¦ vldb 1996.0 
zero reversibility and induction of the english auxiliary system s pilato rc berwick proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association & hellip ;  
aaai-94 workshop knowledge discovery in databases um fayyad r uthurusamy seattle washington  
bananas : an evolutionary framework for explicit and multipath routing in the internet ht kaur s kalyanaraman a weiss s kanwar a   
http extensions for distributed authoringâ ?? webdav . proposed standard-request for comments ( rfc ) y goland e whitehead a faizi s carter d jensen technical report microsoft uc irvine netscape novell  
from recombination of genes to the estimation of distributions i. binary parameters h muhlenbein g paaã ? lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
centralized concurrency control methods for high-end tp . a thomasian sigmod record 1991.0 
utilization of full fat jatropha seeds in broiler diet : effect on haematological parameters and oa adeyemi oe fasina mo balogun proceedings of the 25 conference of thnigerian society for & hellip ;  
evaluation strategies for statistical query processing wk ng cv ravishankar submitted for publication  
sampling large databases for association mining h toivonen proc . 22nd int &#39; l conf . very large databases  
choosing celebrity endorsers ar miciak wl shanklin marketing management  
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension vy lum p dadam r erbe j guenauer g walch h   
parameter free bursty events detection in text streams gpc fung jx yu ps yu h lu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
determinants of social distance among east african tribal groups mb brewer journal of personality and social psychology  
contracts and member checks in qualitative research in human geography : reason for caution ? m bradshaw area 2001.0 
campaign address computer ethics â ?? voidâ ?? m betts computerworld  
research directions in data base management systems d tsichritzis acm sigmod record 1977.0 
discovering all most specific sentences by randomized algorithms . acms anthology   
vera : an architecture for extensible routers . s karlin l peterson computer  
answer -- reason extraction in a parallel relational database . ms th . ( draft copy ) dept. comptr . sci. p powell md  
lossless image compression : a comparative study nd memon k sayood   
an empirical study of design evolution in a software system w li l etzkorn c davis j talburt information and software  
combined chemotherapy and radiotherapy ( without surgery ) compared with radiotherapy alone in w rebecca m richard cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
airborne doppler radar study of the structure and three-dimensional airflow within a hurricane dp jorgensen fd marks conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
ã?lv -1 electron accelerator for commercial use gi budker va gaponov bm korabelâ ?? nikovâ ? ¦ at .  
e cienttransient simulation of lossy interconnect jsrdo pederson proc . 28th acm/ieee dac jun  
a monte-carlo simulation of reproduction jc barrett see ref  
b fg johnson ( 1968 ) j lewis acc . chem . res  
integrating data mining with sql databases : ole db for data mining a netz s chaudhuri u fayyad j bernhardt & hellip ; 2001 . proceedings . 17th international conference on 2001.0 
scored her 50th all-time nwt point on april 3 rdvs v sunohara russia at  
load mitigation in cellular data networks by peer data sharing over wlan channels k lee y ko t nandagopal computer networks  
determination of prehospital blood glucose : a prospective controlled study jl jones vg ray je gough hg garrison journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
clomiphene citrate for unexplained subfertility in women e hughes j collins p vandekerckhove cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the roentgenographic findings associated with air embolism in sport scuba divers cp harker ts neuman lk olson i jacoby journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
queryby image and video content : the qbic system m flickner h sawhney w niblack j ashley q ieee computer  
utility of the creatinine prior to intravenous contrast studies in the emergency department jc olsen b salomon journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
inferred values and the reverse-incentive effect in induced compliance jl freedman ja cunningham k krismer journal of personality and social psychology  
model-based region growing segmentation of textured images pw fung g grebbin y attikiouzel   
the concurrency workbench : a semantics-based verification tool for finite state systems r cleaveland j parrow b steen acm toplas  
a theory of correct protocols for database systems ds fussell z kedem a silberschatz proceedings seventh international conference of very large  
gluing copies of a 3-dimensional polyhedron to obtain a closed nonpositively curved pseudomanifold d burago s ferleger b kleiner a kononenko proceedings-american mathematical  
auditory integration training and other sound therapies for autism spectrum disorders y sinha n silove d wheeler k williams cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
cover your assets ma olson sigmod conference 1995.0 
leveraging non-relevant images to enhance image retrieval performance r gupta s ghosal proceedings of the tenth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2002.0 
weakly pinned random walk on the wall : pathwise descriptions of the phase transition stoch y isozaki n yoshida proc . appl  
how is abstract generative knowledge acquired ? a comparison of three learning scenarios tj nokes s ohlsson   
qos-aware bandwidth provisiong for ip network links h van den berg m mandjes r van de meent a pras submitted for publication february  
the ascendency of high-tech marketing wh davidow electronic business  
os agents : using ai techniques in the operating system environment o etzioni hm levy rb segal ca thekkath seattle washington tech . rep. uw-cse-93-04-04 university & hellip ; 1993.0 
an efficient and cost effective technique for browsing and querying large video databases jh oh ka hua proceedings of acm  
j. . j. ordille . quering heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions ay levi a rajaraman proc . 22nd vldb conference bombay india  
critical analysis of tools for computer-aided software engineering m crozier d glass jg hughes w johnston i information and software technology 1989.0 
refining initial points for km clustering p bradley um fayyad microsoft technical report 98-36 may  
durability gap analysis for fiber-reinforced polymer composites in civil infrastructure vm karbhari jw chin d hunston b benmokrane t   
radial diffusion coefficients of galactic and anomalous cosmic rays in the heliosphere . z fujii fb mcdonald proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf 1999.0 
what is a â ?? largeâ ?? number of parameters in robust systems ? j ackermann w sienel   
a dbms prototype to support extended nf 2 relations : an integrated view of flat tables p dadamâ ? ¦ proc . of the 1986 sigmod  
a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia datasets c faloutsos k lin management of  
location-aware data broadcasting : an application for digital mobile broadcasting in japan k matsumura k usui k kai k ishikawa proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
deeds towards a distributed and active real-time database system s andler j hansson j eriksson j mellin m sigmod record 1996.0 
sensory-motor fusion architecture based on high-speed sensory feedback and its application to a namiki m ishikawa   
morphmix : peer-to-peer based anonymous internet usage with collusion detection m rennhard   
routing andadmissioncontrol in generaltopologynetworks r gawlick a kamath s plotkin k ramakrishnan technical report cs-tr-95-1548 stanford university may  
computing the least common subsumer and the most specific concept in the presence of cyclic aln - f baader r kuesters lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
employer health insurance premium subsidies unlikely to enhance coverage significantly ( washington jd reschovsky j hadley lessons from a small business health insurance demonstration  
beyond document similarity : understanding value-based search and browsing technologies . acms anthology sigmod record 2000.0 
remarks upon the law of complete radiation l rayleigh phil . mag  
cosmic ray effects caused by great disturbances of the interplanetary medium in 1990-1996 av belov ea eroshenko vg yanke proc . 26th int . cosmic ray  
gibbs . concurrency control in groupware systems ca ellis j simon sigmod conference  
ibm db2 spatial extender-spatial data within the rdbms dw adler proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
the function and meaning of work and the job : morse and weiss ( 1955 ) revisited rp vecchio the academy of management journal 1980.0 
the ccube constraint object-oriented database system a brodsky ve segal j chen pa exarkhopoulo constraints 1997.0 
held . g. the design and implementation of ingres m stonebraker e wong p kreps acm trans . database syst  
minimization of tree patterns queries s flesca f furfaro e masciari proceedings of the 29th vldb conf  
a multi-version cache replacement and prefetching policy for hybrid data delivery environments a seifert mh scholl vldb 2002.0 
integration of data mining and relational databases a netz s chaudhuri j bernhardt u fayyad proc . 2000.0 
physics for young children y hadzigeorgiou  1998.0 
simulating stable stochastic systems vi : quantile estimation dl iglehart journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1976.0 
erp beyond y2k r freedman pc magazine june  
protocol version 11 j gettys r newman rw scheier xclx interface  1987.0 
mobile hop-by-hop multicast routing r vida l costa s fdida computer networks 2004.0 
boston blue-but hiring . l guisbond computerworld  
minimizing the i/o-operations for undo-logging in database systems a reuter very large data bases 1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ; 1979.0 
the policy of poverty and the poverty of policy : geography and the construction of national poverty a glasmeier annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;  
on the phaenomena presented by light in its passage along the axes of biaxial crystals h lloyd phil . mag  
estimation of parameters of structural model for genetic covariances in international genetic r rekaya k weigel d gianola   
hybrid cooperative schemes for scalable and stable performance of web content delivery r lancellotti f mazzoni m colajanni computer networks 2005.0 
computational fluid dynamics in a traditional animation environment p witting   
variable impacts of people on brown bear use of an alaskan river tl olson bk gilbert international conference on bear research and management  
using sound to extract meaning from complex data c scaletti ab craig proceedings spie 1991.0 
verification results from 1982-1984 operational radar reflectivity experiment we mcgovern re saffle kc crawford conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
browsing electronic mail : experiences interfacing a mail system to a dbms . j kent db terry ws orr vldb 1988.0 
well-posed linear systems-a survey with emphasis on conservative systems g weiss oj staffans m tucsnak   
reliable transaction management in a multidatabase system y breitbart a silberschatz gr thompson proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1990.0 
college of saint benedict : a planning model that works . sf escher new directions for higher education 1976.0 
hiv-positive adults ' meaning making over time lm baumgartner new directions for adult and continuing education 2005.0 
comparisons of some home range and population parameters among four grizzly bear populations in ja nagy ma haroldson international conference on bear research and management  
concluding remarks on learning in isolated neuronal structures en sokolov aod willows brain and behav proc . 28th intern . congr physiol . sci. & hellip ;  
data modeling of time-based media s gibbs c breiteneder d tsichritzis sigmod conference 1994.0 
methodus inveniendi lineas curvas maximi minimive proprietate gaudentes sive solutio problematis l euler oo ser .  
aranye . ( 2002 ) entertainment value . [ website ] lo fradenburg university of california santa  
on optimal processor allocation to support pipelined hash joins ml lo cv ravishankar   
and wilson eg 1981a k donovan phil . mag  
inside dymaic html s issaacs  1997.0 
a bayesian algorithm for simultaneous localization and map building h durrant-whyte s thrun submitted for publication 2001.0 
the physics of radiation therapy . williams and wilkins baltimore fm khan md  
space-time adaptive processing for airborne radar data systems j ward technical report 1015 massachusetts inst . of technology lincoln  
the nonequivalence of vertical merger and exclusive dealing econ.ucsb.edu   
color 3-d electronic imaging of the surface of the human body m rioux proceedings of  
semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles rt ng hv jagadish j madar proc int conf on very large databases  
l. wiecke for the hires collaboration k martens proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf . ( tsukuba )  
critical evaluation of the association of acute with chronic graft rejection in kidney and heart g opelz transplant  
distributed file organization with scalable cost/performance r vingralek y breitbart g weikum sigmod conference 1994.0 
the jobs evaluation : early findings on program impacts in three sites s freedman d friedlander   
view operations on objects with roles a albano g antognoni g ghelli submitted for  
ecological consequences of shallow-water hydrothermal venting along the el requesã ³ n fault zone mj forrest a melwani & hellip ; general meeting abstracts with programs seattle washington & hellip ;  
discovering all most specific sentences by randomized algorithms extended abstractâ '' rapport 1997 d gunopulos h manila s saluja academy of  
why talk about different ways to grade ? the shift from traditional assessment to alternative rs anderson new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
the paternal methylation imprint of the mouse h19 locus is acquired in the gonocyte stage during t ueda k abe a miura m yuzuriha m zubair m genes to cells 2000.0 
non-reversible privacy transformations sp reiss mj post t dalenius proceedings of the 1st acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1982.0 
skill station models for teaching incision and drainage of abscesses felons and paronychia to fl cole e ramirez j mickanin journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
processes supporting teacher change within a school-based professional development program pj lin proceedings of the national science councilâ ?? part d : & hellip ;  
strategic changes and frameworks affecting future oss/bss in the telecommunications industry jmm potter ar brady bt technology journal 2005.0 
vibrations in structures . h bachmann w ammann iabse eth-hoenggerberg ch-8093 zurich ( switzerland ) 1987 & hellip ; 1987.0 
the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications ea rundensteiner ha kuno yg ra v crestana-taube sigmod conference 1996.0 
ssch : slotted seeded channel hopping for capacity improvement in ieee 802.11 ad-hoc wireless p bahl r chandra j dunagan   
fdm -- functional data model b housel sb yao v waddle proc . 5th int . conf . very large data bases ( rio de janeiro & hellip ;  
evaluation within the us department of health and human services office of inspector general mf mangano new directions for program evaluation  
the social psychology of creativity tm amabile  1983.0 
supramolecular metal-organometallic coordination networks based on quinonoid-complexes m oh gb carpenter da sweigart acc . chem . res 2004.0 
development of annular coupled structure t kageyamaâ ? ¦ procs . of the 1994 linear accelerator conference  
survey of applications integrating constraint satisfaction and case-based reasoning mh sqalli l purvis ec freuder   
the long-range shelling of paris and physical chemistry problems of extremely long-range firing a stettbacher & hellip ; at the physics society zurich switzerland 8 may 1919 & hellip ; 1986.0 
reference model for a marketing information system and its application h tuominen   
value-based software engineering : a case study b boehm   
operator placement for in-network stream query processing u srivastava k munagala j widom   
keeping and losing contrasts j kingston proc . 28th annu . meet . berkeley ling . soc. berkeley  
the convergence rate of inexact preconditioned steepest descent algorithm for solving linear systems h munthe-kaas   
understanding availability r bhagwan s savage gm voelker lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
on image denoising methods a buades b coll jm morel   
a constraint-based approach to the representation of software usage models jh poore gh walton ja whittaker information & software technology 2000.0 
optical fiber telecommunications iv b h kogelnik rm jopson le nelson san diego ca  
inside directx b bargen p donnelly   
a relationship mechanism for a strongly typed object-oriented database a albano g ghelli r orsini proc . of the 17th int . conf . on vldb barcelona s  
the sea surface temperature changing trend of the last 40 years in the lei-qiong sea area k yu tropical geography 2000.0 
virtual environments for critical intervention support : modeling design and implementation issues d poussart f bernier m simoneau d ouellet n   
creating a culture of leadership ph lewis new directions for higher education 1994.0 
ductile fracture in copper single crystals s saimoto wf hosford wa backofen phil . mag  
deeds towards a distributed and active real-time database system . 25 ( 1 ) : 38â ?? 40 s andler j hansson j eriksson j mellin m  1996.0 
improving the availability of internet2 applications and services g carpenter g goldszmidt   
integrated semiconductor magnetic field sensors hp baltes rs popovic ieee proceedings 1986.0 
systems management of operational support systems applications sm bouch ic hayes tj oldham bt technology journal 1997.0 
supporting a knowledge based software information system with a large code database pg selfridge rj brachman kbms workshop national conference on artificial & hellip ;  
a study of locking phenomenon in oscillators r adler proc . ire  
gene proximity analysis across whole genomes via pq trees 2004 gm landau l parida o weimann   
the role of vhdl within tosca co-design framework s antoniazzi a balboni w fornaciari d sciuto procs . euro-vhdl grenoble france  
generation classification and analysis of switched-mode dc-to-dc converters by the use of converter r tymerski v vorperian proc . int . telecommunications energy conf . ( intelec )  
advanced microprocessor bus architecture ( amba ) bus system r weiss electronic design  
minimizing the pain of local infiltration anesthesia for wounds by injection into the wound edges am kelly m cohen d richards journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
distribution of wolbachia among neotropical arthropods jh werren d windsor l guo proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
an n log n algorithm for the two-variable-per-constraint linear program satisfiability problem cg nelson technical report technical note sta stanford university  
cover your assets d essex computerworld  
finding all simple disjunctive decompositions using irredundant sum-of-products forms s minato g de micheli proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
a case for end system multicast y hua chu sg rao h zhang proc . of acm sigmetrics  
dietary fiber in nutrition management of diabetes jw anderson k ward see ref  
the demsetz hypothesis and hospital markets : an empirical analysis ideas.repec.org   
robert lewis dabney apostle of the old south dh overy  1967.0 
ã?ã?in search of the sourceã?ã ? fj derfler pc magazine  
media companion : delivering content-oriented web services to internet media wy maâ ? ¦   
solving non-boolean satisfiability problems with stochastic local search : a comparison of encodings . am frisch tj peugniez unpublished manuscript available from http://www . cs . york .  
data base system security and ingres v downs g popes m proc . conf . very large data bases  
ceo ownership leasing and debt financing h mehran ra taggart d yermack   
collaboration and learning within immersive virtual reality rl jackson e fagan the proceedings of acm cve 2000.0 
conditionally immortalized cell lines with differentiated functions established from temperature - m obinata genes to cells 1997.0 
the sun drops its torchâ ?? 1994 ja gillerman r terry proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
characterization of the gene for adp-ribosylation factor ( arf ) 2 a developmentally regulated im serventis e cavanaugh j moss m vaughan   
psychologia spoå?eczna e aronson td wilson rm akert serce i umyså ?  
histological typing of salivary gland tumours g seifert lh sobin  1996.0 
fish robert s. kraut robert e. : expressive richness : a comparison of speech and text as media for be chalfonte proceedings of acm  
network performance effects of http/1 .1 h frystyk j gettys a baird-smith e prud ' proceedings of acm  
classical dynamics of a spin interacting with a mrfm cantilever d rugar r budakian technical report ibm almaden research center july 11  
the cougar approach to in-network query processing in sensor networks y yao j gehrke sigmod record 2002.0 
rainbowii : multi-xquery optimization using materialized xml views x zhang   
customer experience in a merchandising platform june 2002 ch bell sigmod conference keynote  
video scouting demonstration : smart content selection and recording n dimitrova l agnihotri r jasinschi j zimmerman proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia datasets c faloutsos ki lin  1994.0 
on no-regret learning fictitious play and nash equilibrium a jafari a greenwald d gondek g ercal   
analysis of the interacting levels v ( sub 9 ) = 1 and v ( sub 10 ) = 2 of propyne ( abstract only ) k pekkala g graner g wlodarczak j demaison proceedings of the 25 th annual confernece of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
on connection of cosmic ray long term variations with solar-heliospheric parameters av belov rt gushchina vg yanke proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf 1999.0 
data mining with neural networks : solving business problems from application development to decision jp bigus  1996.0 
measuring the dynamic behaviour of aspectj programs b dufour c goard l hendren o de moor g   
instant-win products and prize draw : are these forms of gambling m griffiths   
temporal abstractions and case-based reasoning for medical course data : two prognostic applications r schmidt l gierl lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
evaluation of the duration of immunity of a single dose of ingelvacâ ® - m sk miller m roof d cleveringa j husa k hyo at  
a new approach to the information function in marketing . gs albaum  1962.0 
min-max compression methods for medical image databases k karadimitriou jm tyler sigmod record 1997.0 
implementation of data abstraction in the relational system ingres j ongâ ? ¦ acm sigmod record march  
a ward gf & dudley ra ( 1992 ) jm barnaba jd rueb j hassoun & hellip ; crew reduction feasibility demonstration simulation study : 2  
multiple steady states in azeotropic and reactive distillation te guttinger  1998.0 
using squids to address forwarding pointer aliasing jp grossman j brown a huang t knight   
a study of social stereotype of body image in children jr staffieri journal of personality and social psychology 1967.0 
towards a low bandwidth talking face using appearance models bj theobald g cawley s kruse ja bangham   
new results from the ccfr collaboration d harris proc . 28th international conference on high energy physics & hellip ;  
routing in telecommunications networks with ant-like agents e bonabeau f henaux s guerin d snyers p kuntz lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
an attempt to hand raise a killer whale calf : a case history dg huff a johnson s innes r lewis proceedings of the 23rd international association of aquatic & hellip ;  
a minnesota story : a system approach to classroom assessment and research . c stack j peterson new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
the best way to teach computer literacy . a leuhrmann t spain electronic learning 1984.0 
query by image and video content : the qbic system m plickner h sawhney  1995.0 
building invisible interfaces . keynote talk m weiser proc . acm uist  
comparison of trends and variability in cru era-40 and ncep/ncar analyses of monthly-mean surface aj simmons pd jones v da costa bechtold acm  2004.0 
real-time generation of sound from parameters of additive synthesis r strandh s marchand   
automated home video editing xs hua l lu hj zhang proc . acm multimedia  
memex : a browsing assistant for collaborative archiving and mining of surf trails s chakrabarti s srivastava m subramanyam m proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
sharing the wealth w spain computerworld  
social capital : prospects for a new concept ps adler sw kwon academy of management review 2002.0 
some remarks on a paper by adiba et . al. on '' issues in distributed data base management systems : a h schneider conf . on vldb proceedings supplement : panelists &#39; statements & hellip ;  
simulation and measurement of dielectric antennas at 150 ghz j weinzierl j richter   
arbitrarily small pupils in lo mcao r ragazzoni e diolaiti e vernet  2002.0 
approximation algorithms for the largest common set s khanna r motwani ff yao technical report stan-cs-95-1545 stanford university  
the jaeri-kek joint project ( the j-parc project ) for the high intensity proton accelerator y yamazaki proc . pac  
towards an empirical evaluation of cbr approaches for product recommendation-in electronic shops s weibelzahl r bergmann g weber i > procs . of the eighth german workshop on case-based & hellip ;  
solving implication problems in database applications xh sun n kamel lm ni proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1989.0 
words for the world : creating critical environmental literacy for adults rs clair new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
hankel operators and continuity properties of best approximation operators vv peller algebra i analiz  
low cost approach to realize novel detectors for color recognition d knipp h stiebig b rech h wagner procs . internat . congress on imaging science ( icps ) antwerp & hellip ;  
flexible relations-operational support of variant relational structures c kalus p dadam proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
scene change detection and content-based sampling of video sequences b shahraray proc . spie 1995.0 
quantum world in 2 + 1 dimensions ( abstract only ) h hansson oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the whitehead group of the novikov ring e-print : math av pajitnov a ranicki at/0012031  
collective restraint in social dilemmas : procedural justice and social identification effects on tr tyler p degoey journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
deriving traffic demands for operational ip networks : methododoly and experience a feldman a greenberg c lund n reingold j proceedings of acm sigcom  
mathematical problems from combustion theory j bebernes d eberly  1989.0 
the faculty member yesterday and today m freedman n sanford new directions for higher education 1973.0 
andg . r. thompson . reliable transactionmanagement in a multidatabase system y breitbart a silberschatz proceedings of acm-sigmod 1990 international conference on & hellip ;  
quantile decomposition of a density db kim  1999.0 
generating descriptions in context e krahmer m theune procs . of workshop generation of nominal expressions esslli  
telecommunications network total cost of ownership and return on investment modelling am elvidge j martucci bt technology journal 2003.0 
exposure to benevolent sexism and complementary gender stereotypes : consequences for specific and jt jost ac kay journal of personality and social psychology 2005.0 
the next it strategy : the information utility k melymuka computerworld  
rainbow : mapping-driven xquery processing system x zhang m mulchandani s christ b murphy ea   
total phenolics and antiradical efficiency of rice bran extracts fd goffman c bergman proc 29th rice technical workshop group  
prediction of slant-path amplitude scintillations from meteorological parameters g ortgies proc . int . symp . radio  
a new sine wave in sine wave out conversion technique eliminates reactive elements m venturini proc . powercon  
physiology of heat sensitivity dl denlinger gd yocum see ref 1998.0 
petkovic . automatic and semi-automatic methods for image annotation and retrieval in qbic b ashley h flickner n lee technical report rj-9951 . ibm almaden research center  
a reconfiguration algorithm for distributed problem solving b dunin-keplicz r verbrugge   
ricin a-chain structural determinant for binding substrate analogues : a molecular dynamics ma olson   
second report on the biology and status of the arroyo toad ( bufo microscaphus californicus ) on the ss sweet  1993.0 
inference in smoothing spline anova w guo submitted for publication  
lr-white and lr-gold resins for postembedding immunofluorescence staining of laminin in mouse kidney r herken m fussek s barth w gã ¶ tz the histochemical journal 1988.0 
teaching thinking through problem solving e greenfield new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
the infant mental health specialist dj weatherston zero to three  
broadband in-home networks s hughes dj thorne bt technology journal 1998.0 
new narrow cs states from cleo s stone these proceedings the cleo collaboration ( d. besson et al ) hep -  
on the minimization of xpath queries s bottcher   
coyote stories of the navaho people . ra roessel d plateroâ ? ¦  1968.0 
effects of fuels with a low aromatic content on diesel engine exhaust emissions n ladommatos z xiao h zhao proceedings-institution of mechanical engineers part d & hellip ; 2000.0 
reliability stability and sensitivity of the colorado symptom index b lee d shern a coen unpublished manuscript  
permafrost-affected soils in the pangnirtung pass area baâ ? n island canada g broll g mueller c tarnocai proceedings seventh international conference on permafrost . & hellip ;  
van ; bergman pca h boerrigter svb paasen & hellip ; technology development : pilot demonstration of tar removal  
investigation of the operational characteristics of the core and parameters of the irradiated fuel vm gryazev va afanasâ ?? ev gi gadzhievâ ? ¦ & hellip ; construction and operating experience of demonstration  
id lin '' fastmap : afast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional c faloutsos andk conference on data management ( sigmod ) san jose ca  
computation hierarchy for in-network processing r kumar v tsiatsis mb srivastava   
the compass search engine for unified ranked retrieval of heterogenous xml and web data j graupmann m biwer c zimmer c zimmer m bender proceedings of the 30th vldb conference toronto canada  
the qbic project : querying images by content using color texture and shape r research report w niblack r barber w equizâ ? ¦ ibm almaden research center san jose ca  
abstract interpretation of reactive systems d dams r gerth o grumberg acm transactions on programming languages and systems ( & hellip ; 1997.0 
empirical study of software maintenance m van genuchten g brethouwer t van den boomen f information and software technology 1992.0 
analytics on demand : the zero latency enterprise c white intelligent enterprise-san mateo - 2001.0 
dart/hyess users guide jh friedman   
rainbow : multi-xquery optimization using materialized xml views x zhang k dimitrova l wang m el sayed b murphy proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2003.0 
a ( 1998 ) . perceptually based adaptive sampling algorithm mr bolin gw meyer proc . of acm siggraph  
microsoft . com : a high-scale data management and transaction processing solution proc s kennamer acm sigmod  
water and human health fe mcjunkin   
am b. whelan mj and hirsch pb 1967 gr booker amb shaw phil . mag  
case marking and subject extraction in danish b ã?rsnes   
on physical lines of force . part i. the theory of molecular vortices applied to magnetic phenomena jc maxwell phil . mag  
social roles and their descriptions c masolo l vieu e bottazzi c catenacci r   
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing c faloutsos ki lin data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia & hellip ;  
expressive writing and coping with job loss sp spera ed buhrfeind jw pennebaker the academy of management journal 1994.0 
a simplex based algorithm to solve separated continuous linear programs g weiss unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
some sikp-complete set cover problems wj masek  1978.0 
ak savchenko mesoscopic effects in hopping conductivity of gaas mesfet ei laiko ao orlov proceedings of 25 thsu conference on low-temperature physics & hellip ;  
the software process improvement paradox dn wilson t hall n baddoo software quality management-international conference -  
wide area cartesian routing l hughes o banyasad e hughes computer networks 2000.0 
lightweight flexible isolation for language-based extensible systems l daynes g czajkowski vldb 2002.0 
ontogenetic allometry of threespine stickleback body form using landmark-based morphometrics ja walker contributions to morphometrics 1993.0 
encouraging critical reflection in preservice teacher education : a narrative of a personal learning c van halen-faber new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
beta testers endorse e-checks l didio computerworld  
concurrency control in groupware sys 2 tems i ell sj gibbs proc of acm sigmod conf on management of data 1989.0 
ca-dbfast 2.0 turns database projects into windows apps sw plain pc magazine 1993.0 
high-temperature strength of dispersionhardened single crystals ii . theory ' rsw shewfelt lm brown phil . mag  
finding bugs in an alpha microprocessor using satisfiability solvers p bjesse t leonard a mokkedem lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
assessing a consortium 's effectiveness lm peterson new directions for higher education 2002.0 
emerging standards for component software rm adler   
understanding and using the implicit association test : ii . methodological issues ba nosek ag greenwald mr banaji unpublished manuscript  
electromobility of aquatic humus : fractionation by the use of the isoelectric focusing technique et gijessing t gjerdhal proc . int . meet . humic substances  
the naos system c collet t coupaye proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
stanford proposal for internet meta-searching l gravano kcc chang h garcia-molina a paepcke proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod conference  
a characterization of the sensitivity of query optimization to storage access cost parameters f reiss t kanungo sigmod conference 2003.0 
clustering techniques for minimizing external path length aa diwan s rane s seshadri s sudarshan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
battle of the networks : the source versus compuserv lj magid pc magazine  
sampling large databases for finding association rules h toivonen proceedings of the 22nd international conference on very & hellip ;  
torsion angle dynamics : reduced variable conformational sampling enhances crystallographic structure lm rice proteins-new york - 1994.0 
motives for multiple open-market repurchase programs m jagannathan c stephens   
a 23-year-old with refractory seizures following an isoniazid overdose ra steinmann mk rickel journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
the nation 's report card ar weiss ad lutkus bs hildebrandt ms johnson geography  
the roots of federal student aid policy js hansen new directions for higher education 1991.0 
intellectual property issues for the new round ke maskus the wto after seattle . ( washington dc : institute for & hellip ; 2000.0 
effects of nitrogen and phosphorus enrichement on in vivo symbiotic zooxanthellae of pocillopora a snidvongs ra kinzie marine biology 1994.0 
design and implementation of a genetic-based algorithm for data mining s choenni vldb 2000.0 
fast evolution strategies x yao y liu lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
operations and maintenance centreâ ?? delivering network services a dawson-maddocks d cooper c scobie bt technology journal 1997.0 
user acceptance of information technology : inside the american home v venkatesh sa brown   
spatial operators . acms anthology sigmod record 2000.0 
myths and reality in post-communist transformations referat na kongres american economic gw koå?odko san diego  
mobility of hg as sb s and c in a metamorphic belt : insights into the source of elements ik pitcairn mr ashley dah teagle drh green cr proceedings of the 7th biennial sgameeting athens greece  
yu . a. nikolaev and av nikolaeva â ?? effect of cascade micropores on diffusion fluxes of point yr kevorkyan at .  
avirulence factor avr4 of the tomato pathogen cladosporium fulvum is a chitin-binding lectin that ha van den burg sj harrison m joosten j submitted for publication  
adding relevant to xml a theobald g weikum proc . sigmod/pods workshop on the web and databases  
2005 annual conference : presidential address b chambers   
basisboek zwartwit fotografie l bartlettâ ?? s j tarrant   
towards interoperability in digital libraries a paepcke s cousins h garcia-molina   
tourist development in spain : growth versus conservation on the costa brava . a morris g dickinson geography 1987.0 
3 . miller . comparing images using color coherence vectors o pass r zabih proc . of acm multimedia  
work hardening and deformation sub-structure in iron single crystals deformed by tension at 298 k as keh phil . mag  
genetic diversity units and major ancestral lineages for sockeye salmon in washington jb shaklee j ames l lavoy  1996.0 
a crime prevention wrap-up : concluding comments on specific crime issues r fossey mc smith new directions for higher education 1996.0 
infant regulation and sleep-wake state development tf anders bl goodlin-jones m zelenko zero to three 1998.0 
plasmid-encoded multiple antibiotic resistance in vibrio cholerae el tor from bangladesh ej threlfall b rowe i huq lancet i 1980.0 
testing monadic code with quickcheck k claessen j hughes   
conflict management gossip and affective meaning on nukulaelae n besnier see ref  
making the most of professional reading . hw stubblefield new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
partial match retrieval of multidimensional data p flajolet c puech journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1986.0 
antiphase boundary energies in iron-aluminium alloys rc crawford ilf ray phil . mag  
overstocking the range : a critical analysis of the environmental science of sahelian pastoralism m turner economic geography 1993.0 
mude ( demonstration ) : a multimedia database engine for content-based retrieval jk wu ad narasimhalu yh ang cp lam hh loh b proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
the dis-diseasing of mental health h goolishian unpublished manuscript  
unlocking knowledge assets s conway c sligar  2002.0 
the aeroelastic code hawcã?model and comparisons ' jt petersen proc . 28th meet . of experts iea annex xi  
confinement of metal complexes within porous hosts : development of functional materials for gas ll welbes as borovik acc . chem . res 2005.0 
query by image and video content : the qbic system q huang b dom m gorkani j hafner d lee d ieee computer  
boston architects cited for use of cad tools . k hafner computerworld. 1983.0 
a metadatabase system for semantic image search by a mathematical model of meaning y kiyoki t kitagawa t hayama sigmod record 1994.0 
an analyzable annotation language s khurshid d marinov d jackson   
design and performance tools for data base systems pp chen sb yao vldb 1977.0 
infrasound monitoring of atmospheric events he bass ma garces ma hedlin gl dâ ?? spain jv   
discovering marketing-driven navigation patterns ag bã 1/4 chner m baumgarten md mulvenna ss anand submitted for publication  
et alii ( 1999 ) . â ?? ipchinook : an integrated ip-based design framework for distributed embedded p chou proceedings acm press  
dtl 's dataspot : database exploration using plain language s dar g entin s geva e palmon vldb 1998.0 
application of stochastic optimal control to thin rib machining m anjanappa dk anand j kirk   
a system for interactive error detection ga wilson vldb 1979.0 
outcomes-oriented marketing . gd kuh gh wallman new directions for higher education 1986.0 
the cydra 5 departmental supercomputer br rau dwl yen w yen ra towle ieee computer  
the xxl search engine : ranked retrieval of xml data using indexes and ontologies a theobald g weikum sigmod conference 2002.0 
on the state of stress in a plastic-rigid body at the yield point r hill phil . mag  
an optimal path cover for cographs r lin s olariu g pruesse   
heparin for pregnant women with acquired or inherited thrombophilias mc walker se ferguson vm allen cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
high energy physics c collab proc . 29th int . conf. ichepâ ?? 98 vancouver canada jul. .  
zero-cycle loads : microarchitecture support for reducing load latency tag sohi   
rm c rooks gc osbourn saw chemical sensor arrays : new chemically sensitive interfaces combined aj ricco rm crooks acc . chem . res  
a relationship mechanism for a strongly typed object-oriented database programming language a albano g ghelli r orsini vldb 1991.0 
a cdn-p2p hybrid architecture for cost-effective streaming media distribution d xu s kulkarni c rosenberg h chai computer  
a novel photosynthetic organelle in anaerobic mastigotes jhp hackstein h schubert j rosenberg m van de  1995.0 
biological storytelling : a software tool for biological information organization based upon a kuchinsky k graham d moh a adler k babaria acm siggroup bulletin 2002.0 
a combined filter for gps-based attitude and baseline estimation l ward p axelrad proceedings of ion gps 1996.0 
the social psychology of creativity : a componential conceptualization tm amabile journal of personality and social psychology  
the rediscovery of mina loy and the avant garde sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
supersonic flow and shock waves r courant ko friedrichs   
a constitution for knaves b frey university of zurich switzerland . unpublished paper  
a threshold of ln n for set cover u feige proc . 28th annual symposium on theory of computing acm  
space-time trade-off optimization for a class of electronic structure calculations d cociorva g baumgartner de bernholdt r   
comportamiento en diez aã ± os del osteocondroma en un hospital pediã ¡ trico aã ? lã ³ pez yg lorenzo er rodrãguez e baesso   
information utility and the multiple source effect sg harkins re petty journal of personality and social psychology  
time-domain skin-effect model for transient analysis of lossy transmission lines cs yen z fazarinc rl wheeler proc . ieee  
investigations in capillarity l rayleigh phil . mag  
fast clustering process for vector quantisation codebook design sm cheng kt lo electronic letters 1996.0 
music videos miner l agnihotri n dimitrova j kender j zimmerman proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
the ecology and sociology of the norway rat . us department of health education and welfare jb calhoun md  
soil chronosequence along the cowlitz river washington dp dethier   
the c-function for non-compactly causal symmetric spaces b krã?tz g oã ¨ lafsson   
astron . & astroph . 409 ( 2003 ) 799 lg sveshnikova proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf. tsukuba  
japanese foreign direct investment : wealth effects from purchases and sales of us assets rh pettway nw sicherman dk spiess   
cartesian routing l hughes o banyasad e hughes computer networks 2000.0 
mathematical knowledge management in theorema b buchberger   
endogenous oscillations of the transcript amounts of subunit-c of the v-atpase of mesembryanthemum b rockel b blasius f beck r ratajczak u cellular and molecular biology letters 1997.0 
evolution of part of the lower critical zone farm ruighoek western bushveld . ja mcdonald  1963.0 
the role of environmental scanning in effective fundraising a gibbs new directions for higher education 1996.0 
hail : a language for easy and correct device access j sun w yuan m kallahalla n islam proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
a proposal for a postgraduate curriculum in information security dependability and safety sk katsikas da gritzalis athens greece : new technology publications september  
an infrared lateral shearing interferometer for plasma diagnostic and infrared optical components d apostol i apostol in mihailescu & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
a paradigm change in assembling oh functionalities on metal centers . hw roesky s singh v jancik v chandrasekhar acc . chem . res 2004.0 
organizational telecompetence : creating the virtual organization jw turner c peterson see ref  
shocks sensitivity and resilience : tracking the economic impacts of environmental disaster on mr carter pd little t mogues w negatu university of wisconsin 2004.0 
markets inside telecommunications i adjali bt technology journal 1994.0 
inside server-based applications dj reilly  1999.0 
interacting effects of information and coping style in adapting to gynecologic stress : should the sm miller ce mangan journal of personality and social psychology 1983.0 
report on dart ' 96 : databases : active and real-time ( concepts meet practice ) k ramamritham n soparkar sigmod record 1997.0 
examination of a model of multiple sociocultural influences on adolescent girls ' body tl dunkley eh wertheim sj paxton adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
informed content delivery over adaptive overlay networks j byers j considine m mitzenmacher proc . acm sigcomm  
an empirical performance study of the ingres search accelerator for a large property management ss anand da bell proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
anã ¡ lisis de observaciones clinomã © tricas de largo periodo en la isla lanzarote 2âª asamblea j arnoso r vieira ej vã © lez ts cain weixin  2000.0 
national television violence study . violence in television programming overall bj wilsonâ ? ¦  1997.0 
sampling microbes from the rhizosphere and phyllosphere lmc dandurand gr knudsen see ref  
analyzing and measuring the latency of the totem multicast protocols e thomopoulos le moser pm melliar-smith computer networks 1999.0 
jasonmadar and raymond ng . semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles hv jagadish & hellip ; of the25th international conference onverylarge  
the case for an ice shelf in the pleistocene arctic ocean mg grosswald tj hughes polar geography 1999.0 
physics 134 lectures : spring quarter p lubin university of california santa barbara  
on the self-induction and resistance of straight conductors l rayleigh phil . mag  
notecards : a multimedia idea processing environment interactive multimedia fg halasz  1988.0 
a characterization of roman trees ma henning discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2002.0 
cn sullivan jw gorgon ra schlossberg jl and tyler sw [ 1989 ] synergistic use of direct pr cohen m dalrymple db moran f pereira procs . of  
multiple protective and risk factors for drug use and abuse : cross-sectional and prospective md newcomb m felix-ortiz journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
discovering marketing intelligence through online analytical web usage mining a buchner m mulvenna sigmod  
a classification of update methods for replicated databases for replicated databases s ceri m houtsma a keller p samarati  1994.0 
hardiness and health : a prospective study sc kobasa sr maddi s kahn journal of personality and social psychology 1982.0 
inside visual c++ ch . 21 dj kruglinski  1996.0 
descriptive study on the usage of herbals by infants and children of families participating in the jr priebe  2002.0 
an exploration of firm-wide information technology infrastructure investment and services p weill m broadbent c butler c soh proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1995.0 
keynote address t berners-lee seventh international world wide web conference  
cuyahoga cnty ohio ( http://ftp . rootsweb . com/pub/usgenweb / oh/cuyahoga/cemetery / butternut . txt ) '' br cemetery   
on computing functions with uncertainty s khanna wc tan   
tracking objects using density matching and shape priors t zhang d freedman   
efficient broadcast in structured p2p networks s el-ansary lo alima p brand s haridi lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
a link and selector language d tsichritzis proc . acm sigmod conf. may  
n-body simulations of interacting galaxies ( abstract only ) h salo proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
improving the quality of student learning through course design g gibbs learning to effect  
intangible assets m schwartz computerworld  
using large data bases for interactive problem solving ed carlson vldb  
tomalâ ?? a high-level programming language for microprocessor process control applications rb kieburtz jl hennessy   
bargaining in families s lundberg ra pollak unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
p. kreps the design and implementation of ingres m stonebraker e wong acm tods  
fractional rate dataflow model and efficient code synthesis for multimedia applications h oh s ha   
anomalous behavior of cosmic ray anisotropy in the last minimum of the solar activity av belov ea eroshenko va oleneva vg yanke proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf 1999.0 
providing on-demand sports video to mobile devices q liu z hua c zang x tong h lu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
41-stannual meeting of the division of plasma physics of the american physical society dt garnier m mauel j kesnerâ ? ¦ seattle washington november  
the directionality of ruvab-mediated branch migration : in vitro studies with three-armed junctions k hiom ir tsaneva sc west genes to cells 1996.0 
estimation of sediment redistribution within agricultural fields using caesium-137 crystal springs ra sutherland e de jong applied geography  
hyper tableaux p baumgartner u furbach i niemelae lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
k. garcia-molina h. and paepcke a. ( 1997 ) . starts : stanford proposal for internet metasearching l gravano cc chang acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
an exploration of schema development in procedure-oriented programmers learning object-oriented ml manns j nelson proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1993.0 
characterization of lower uv wavelengths for icp applications gf wallace dw hoult rd ediger at . spectrosc  
a texquery-based xml full-text search engine c botev s amer-yahia j shanmugasundaram proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
antidepressant versus placebo for depressed elderly k wilson p mottram a sivanranthan a nightingale cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
designing time-based interactions with multimedia e lee proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
inside visual c++ version 1.5 d kruglinski  1994.0 
representation and optimization of software usage models with non-markovian state transitions k doerner wj gutjahr   
a randomized trial of primary liver transplantation under immunosuppression with fk 506 vs j fung k abu-elmagd a jain r gordon a tzakis transplant proc 1991.0 
qualitative distances d hernandez e clementini p di felice lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
clamping : a method of antialiasing textured surfaces by bandwidth limiting in object space a norton ap rockwood pt skolmoski acm siggraph computer graphics 1982.0 
database sampling with functional dependencies j bisbal j grimson information & software technology 2001.0 
materialization of functions in object bases a kemper c kilger g moerkotte proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
delivering high availability for inktomi search engines ea brewer sigmod conference 1998.0 
on edgeworth expansions and the bootstrap pj bickel da freedman unpublished manuscript  
induction of islet transplantation tolerance using donor specific transfusion and anti-cd154 aa rossini jp mordes tg markees ne phillips ej transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
inside dynamic html s isaacs  1997.0 
a variable energy electron microbeam : a unique modality for targeted low-let radiation mb sowa resat ga kimmel le kathmann ba holben  2004.0 
intention-based home video browsing t mei xs hua proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
modeling the cosmos : the shape of the universe keynote address a lasenby siggraph san diego  
leukemia in electrical workers in new zealand ne pearce ra sheppard jk howard j fraser bm lancet i 1985.0 
user performance considerations in dbms selection fh lochovsky dc tsichritzis proceedings of the 1977 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1977.0 
schrã ¶ dinger operators : with application to quantum mechanics and global geometry hl cyconâ ? ¦  1987.0 
t-ng : delivering seamless parallel computing . computation structures group memo 371 d chiouâ ? ¦ mit laboratory for computer  
c compiler design for an industrial network processor j wagner r leupers   
satisficing in surveys : initial evidence ja krosnick s narayan wr smith new directions for program evaluation  
wingo : inside visual c++ 6.0 s kruglinski  1998.0 
malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor : a fine-needle aspiration biopsy study rs mcgee jr wg ward se kilpatrick   
onion routing for anonymous and private internet connections d goldschlag m reed p syverson communications-acm 1999.0 
an empirical study of object-oriented system evolution w li l etzkorn c davis j talburt information & software technology 2000.0 
cover your assets t schumaker  2002.0 
a personal perspective : nurse practitioner in the emergency department e ramirez journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
on set systems with a threshold property z furedi rh sloan k takata g turan   
mathematical programmingfor data mining : formulations andchallenges ps bradley um fayyad ol mangasarian microsoft technical report january  
resolution of compartment syndrome after rattlesnake envenomation utilizing non-invasive measures bs gold ra barish rc dart rp silverman gv journal of emergency medicine 2003.0 
a dbms prototype to support non-first normal form relations : an integrated view on flat tables and p dadamâ ? ¦ sigmod proc  
new jersey : final report on the grant diversion project s freedman j bryant g cave mr bangser  1988.0 
bayesian networks for estimating the userâ ?? s interests in the context of a configuration task w schã 1/4 tz r schã $ fer   
heat kernels and dirac operators n berline e getzler m vergne  1996.0 
monitoring the propagation of radionuclides along technological loops in a nuclear power plant vl antonov aa gruzdeva vs zhernovâ ? ¦ at .  
using formal methods to reason about semantics-based decompositions of transactions p ammann s jajodia i ray proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia k lin c faloutsos proceedings of acm sigmod 1995.0 
some 0up-complete set cover problems wj masek  1978.0 
keynote address p brown european conference on hypertext ( paris 1990 ) cambridge & hellip ;  
resource description framework ( rdf ) schema specification . proposed recommendation http://www . w3 . d brickley rv guha proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
modulation of galactic cosmic rays and changes in the solar magnetic field g wibberenz hv cane ig richardson tt von proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf  
the side effects of fk506 in humans r shapiro jj fung ab jain p parks s todo te transplant proc 1990.0 
the irma code for unique classification of medical images tm lehmann h schubert d keysers m kohnen bb proceedings spie 2003.0 
further remarks on the stability of viscous fluid motion l rayleigh phil . mag  
responses induced by tacrine neuronal and non-enuronal cell lines [ j ] gv de ferrani r von bernhardi fh calderonâ ? ¦ i nerurasci res  
effi cient implementation of a packet scheduling algorithm on high-speed programmable network x zhuang   
machine learning benchmarks and random forests mr segal  2003.0 
a new nmr data standard for the exchange and archiving for multi-dimensional data sets an davies   
compiling high-level languages for real-time embedded systems cs ananian m rinard   
keynote address on concurrent programming pb hansen   
elements of information theory tm cover ja thomas   
nephropathy in hiv-transgenic mice jb kopp pe ray sh adler la bruggeman contributions to nephrology 1994.0 
operational quantum physics p busch m grabowski pj lahti  1997.0 
on meta-modeling for communication in operational process control engineering h albrecht   
sb-igfet : an insulated-gate field-effect transistor using schottky barrier contacts for source and mp lepselter sm sze proc . ieee  
status of the vlt nasmyth adaptive optics system ( naos ) proc . spie   
a content routing systemfor distributedinformationservers . technicalreport mitlcstr-578 ma sheldon a duda r weiss jw o'toole jr dk  1993.0 
joint rate control and entropy coding in jpeg2000 w yu f sun j fritts submitted for publication  
the aids community demonstration projects ( 1997 ) dl higgins c galavotti ko ` reilly j sheridan & hellip ; of the aids community demonstration projects . in n. corby  
learning about climate sensitivity from the instrumental near-surface temperature record d kelly c kolstad m schlesinger n andronova & hellip ; . santa barbara ca : university of california santa barbara 2000.0 
innovative colleges : challenge to faculty development n ralph n freedman new directions in higher education 1973.0 
a bandwidth model for internet search a uhl vldb 2002.0 
intraspecific plasticity in the social system and mating behaviour of a lek-breeding cichlid fish a rossiter s yamagishi see ref  
the spheresearch engine for unified ranked retrieval of heterogeneous xml and web documents j graupmann r schenkel g weikum 31st international conference on very large databases ( vldb & hellip ; 2005.0 
image data compression : a review ak jam proc . ieee  
intelligent query model for business characteristics r ribeiro a moreira   
zero location with respect to the unit circle of discrete-time linear system polynomials y bistritz proc . ieee  
efficient and effective server-sided distributed clustering hp kriegel m pfeifle proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
towards real-time body pose estimation for presenters in meeting environments r poppe d heylen a nijholt m poel submitted for publication 2004.0 
characterization of pefs a salmonella typhimurium virulence plasmid-encoded analogue of the nl martin m kohli ga touchie rj kadner j submitted for  
on satisfiability equivalence and implication problems involving conjunctive queries in database s guo w sun ma weiss ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 1996.0 
dynamic presentation of asynchronous auditory output a papp mm blattner proceedings of acm multimediaâ ?? 96 1996.0 
mechanism for transduction of the ligand-binding signal in heme-based gas sensory proteins revealed t uchida t kitagawa acc . chem . res 2005.0 
margin and sensitivity methods for security analysis of electric power systems s greene  1998.0 
atre s. owre h. rue and n. shankar . ics : integrated canonization and solving jc filli proceedings of cav  
galileo : a strongly-typed a albano l cardelli r orsini interactive conceptual language '' acm tods  
interactive manipulation of replay speed while listening to speech recordings w hã 1/4 rst t lauer g gã ¶ tz proceedings of acm multimedia 2004 2004.0 
the mechanism of mutual flame annihilation of stoichiometric premixed methane-air flames t echekki jh chen ir gran proc . 26th symp . ( int . ) on  
toward a behavioral theory of charismatic leadership in organizational settings ja conger rn kanungo the academy of management review 1987.0 
the ants b holldobler eo wilson  1990.0 
evaluation of edge caching/offloading for dynamic content delivery c yuan y chen z zhang ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
the utility of reversed transfers in metaphor ja barnden   
cheetah : a lightweight transaction server for plug-and-play internet data management g pardon g alonso vldb 2000.0 
an essay on state-dependent utility the tort system as insurance and strict liability versus ideas.repec.org   
immunohistochemical localization of igf-i in the adult rat ha hansson a nilsson j isgaard h billig o  1987.0 
database selection using complete physical and acquired logical collection resources in a massive jg conrad xs guo p jackson m meziou proc . of the 28th international conf . on very large  
three-level model for a pulse-operated optically pumped far-infrared molecular laser hja bluyssen re mcintosh af van etteger p wyder & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
regional changes in climate in the mediterranean basin due to global greenhouse gas warming . jp palutikof x guo tml wigley jm gregory unep athens ( greece ) . 1992. 1992.0 
the psychology of procedural justice : a test of the group-value model tr tyler journal of personality and social psychology  
the application of solid state laser diodes to soldering dg whitehead av polijanczuk pm beckett & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
mental health problems and symptoms among male adolescents attending a teen health clinic pb smith rs buzi ml weinman adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
colbert : a language for reactive control in sapphira k konolige lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
replication and consistency : being lazy helps sometimes y breitbart hf korth   
a transaction-conscious multi-version cache replacement and prefetching policy for hybrid data a seifert mh scholl   
practitioner problems in need of database research : research directions in knowledge discovery r krishnamurthy t imielinski sigmod record  
glow discharge in gas flow physics and applications ap napartovich ys akishev proc . 21st int . conf . phenomena in ionized gases proc .  
n. colbrook a. and w. weihl . proteus : a high-performance parallel-architecture simulator ed brewer technical report mit/lcs/tr -516 massachusetts institute of  
reducing www latency and bandwidth requirements by real-time distillation a fox ea brewer www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
a mathematical model of the paris metro pricing scheme for charging packet networks d ros b tuffin computer networks 2004.0 
evolution of clinical intestinal transplantation : improved outcome and cost effectiveness km abu-elmagd j reyes jj fung g mazariegos j transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
critical database technologies for high energy physics dm malon en may proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
inside ole2 k brockenschmidt  1995.0 
fust ã © desviado para compensar perda da cpmf l queiroz computerworld  
behavior of coal fired supersonic diagonal type mhd generator with external control circuit m ishikawa t suemura m fujita j umoto proc . 29th symp . engng . aspects mhd ix  
ng-thow-hing v. ( 2003 ) w shao proc . of  
these c galusinski universitã © bordeaux-i  
hop by hop routing multicast protocol . l costa s fdida o duarte proceedings of acm  
optimal le distribution for partial match queries mh kim s pramanik proceedings of acm sigmod  
a single pass computing engine for interactive analysis of vldbs t mihalisin vldb 1998.0 
empirical data reference behaviour in database systems j rodriguez-rossel ieee computer  
wilson ja and yoffe ad 1972 aj grant phil . mag  
hill . cost-effective parallel computing da wood d mark ieee computer  
over-expression of human dna polymerase lambda in e. coli and characterization of the recombinant n shimazaki k yoshida t kobayashi s toji k genes to cells 2002.0 
is the argentine gdp stationary around a broken trend ? ge utrera unpublished  
the risk premium approach to measuring a utilityâ ?? s cost of equity e brigham d shome s vinson financial management  
matching is as easy as matrix inversion k mulmuley uv vazirani vv vazirani proceedings of the nineteenth annual acm conference on & hellip ; 1987.0 
efficient computation of basis vectors of the address sequence lattice j ramanujam submitted for publication  
negation vs. inequation and typing for linguistic applications b carpenter g penn unpublished manuscript  
descriptive name services for large internets jj ordille  1993.0 
braid : stream mining through group lag correlations y sakurai s papadimitriou c faloutsos proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
impact of a case-managed hiv care program on health care access and expenditures s crystal u sambamoorthi at lo sasso unpublished manuscript  
the radiance lighting simulation and rendering system gj ward proceedings of siggraph 1994.0 
lazy induction of descriptions for relational case-based learning . in de raedt l. & flach p. e armengol e plaza machine learning : ecml-2001  
natural video browsing cz zhu t mei xs hua proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
eliminating fuzzy duplicates in data warehouses r ananthakrishna s chaudhuri v ganti vldb 2002.0 
a secure address resolution protocol mg gouda ct huang computer networks 2003.0 
export strategies and performance of firms from emerging economies : evidence from brazil chile and ps aulakh m kotabe h teegen academy of management journal 2000.0 
a literature review and critical analysis of school violence and teachersâ ?? perception of the zero dr konter  2000.0 
galileo : a strongly typed language for complex objects a albano l cardelli r orsini acm tods  
an object-oriented real-time framework and development environment t kuan wb see sj chen proc .  
specific and infraspecific delimitation c van steenis flora malesiana i  
multicarrier modulation techniques for bandwidth efficient fixed wireless access systems t hunziker   
start-ng : delivering seamless parallel computing d chiou bs ang r greiner lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
academic administrative internships . tm stauffer new directions for higher education 1978.0 
the stacking-fault energy of graphite c baker yt chou a kelly phil . mag  
standards in social studies : curriculum concerns . lm handley s adler social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
solving the transportation problem lr ford jr dr fulkerson management science 1956.0 
national evaluation of welfare-to-work strategies s freedman   
dbenchâ ?? oltp : a dependability benchmark for oltp application environments m vieira h madeira technical report dei-006-2002 issn 0873-9293 departamento de  
a national health service ? the restructuring of health care in britain since 1979 a cochrane political geography 1998.0 
spatial hash-joins acm sigmod intl ml lo cv ravishankar conference on management of data  
novel cell lines display properties of nociceptive sensory neurons jn wood sj bevan pr coote pm dunn a harmar p proceedings : biological sciences 1990.0 
parallel multisource view maintenance x zhang l ding ea rundensteiner the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
critical stability constants vol . 1 ae martell rm smith plenum new york  
supplemental health insurance r garratt jm marshall   
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions y alon ar levy jo joann the proc . of the int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb ) & hellip ;  
study on molecular weight distribution of cellulose by using rheological methods g gu x hu h shao y shen fiber 2001.0 
self-evaluation effects of interpersonal versus intergroup social comparison mb brewer jg weber journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
parameters used by the mgc to configure the event and found in the eventsdescriptor ed parameters see  
using sets of feature vectors for similarity search on voxelized cad objects hp kriegel s brecheisen m pfeifle m schubert sigmod conference 2003.0 
name-tracing using the icl content addressable filestore ag ward vldb 1984.0 
evaluation of tone mapping operators using a high dynamic range display p ledda a chalmers t troscianko h seetzen s proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
a classification-based approach to case-based reasoning a napoli j lieber a simon   
centralized versus decentralized coordination in the adult day health care evaluation study sc hedrick jh sullivan jl ehreth ml rothman rt new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
tuberculous psoas abscess ra harrigan fh kauffman mb love journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
faster checking of software specifications by eliminating isomorphs - group of 2 & raquo ; d jackson s jha ca damon proceedings of the 23rd acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ; 1996.0 
one-dimensional modeling of a peltier element w seifert c strumpel   
implicit gender stereotyping in judgments of fame mr banaji ag greenwald journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
improving the climate : eight universities meet the challenges of diversity . dr vom saal new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
comparison of a variable speed to a constant speed pitch regulated horizontal axis wind turbine n hille studienarbeit danish technical university  
redbd : the database research community in spain a illarramendi e marcos c costilla sigmod record 2005.0 
the eect of latency on user performance in warcraft iii n sheldon e girard s borg m claypool e agu proceedings of acm netgames 2003.0 
sublethal effects of west point treatment plant effluent on coho salmon ja buckley cm whitmore proceedings of the northwest fish culture conference 25 th & hellip ; 1974.0 
file allocation with balanced response time in a distributed multi-server information system k kristensen p ostergaard hj juhl c wentong bs information and software technology 1998.0 
a note on two-scale convergence of differential operators n svanstedt n wellander   
mixed motives aa beilinson these  
eth d mathematik ch-8092 zurich switzerland e-mail address : embrechts @ math .  
ef â ?? extending the relational model to capture more meaningâ ?? c coddw acm transactions on database  
bounded latency scheduling scheme for atm cells s dolev a kesselman computer networks 2000.0 
capacity model for internet transactions m oslake technical report msr-tr-99-18 microsoft research april  
heparin for prolonging peripheral intravenous catheter use in neonates ( cochrane review ) ps shah e ng ak sinha cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
interaction of drugs with microtubule proteins l wilson jr bamburg sb mizel lm grisham km fed proc 1974.0 
contingent influence diagrams rm fung rd shachter unpublished manuscript  
report on the dagstuhl seminar â ?? data quality on the webâ ?? m gertz g saake k sattler sigmod record 2004.0 
everyone is talking about knowledge management i greif proceedings of acm 1998 conference on computer supported & hellip ;  
antecedents of source separation behavior : a comparison of two danish municipalities sc grunert marketing for an expanding europe : proceedings ofthe 25 & hellip ;  
helicopter usage monitoring for fatigue life calculation md robertson european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
effect of feeding on peripheral circadian rhythms and behaviour in mammals h kobayashi k oishi s hanai n ishida genes to cells 2004.0 
negation and affirmation in jacques prevert 's word games ah greet wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
windows 2000 dependability b levidow b murphy   
some inequalities between shannon entropy and kolmogorov chaitin and extension complexities sk leung-yan-cheong tm cover technical report 16 dept. of statistics stanford university  
a programming language for object databases a albano g ghelli r orsini j. very large data bases  
features of a conceptual schema d tsichritzis vldb  
attitude and selective learning : where are the phenomena of yesteryear ag greenwald js sakumura journal of personality and social psychology 1967.0 
the design and implementation of ingres m stonebraker acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
assessing critical thinking sd brookfield new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
the halo effect : evidence for unconscious alteration of judgments re nisbett td wilson journal of personality and social psychology  
jobshop-like queueing systems jr jackson management  
use of software systems development methods an empirical study in brunei darussalam c gayâ ? ¦ information and software technology 1998.0 
these de doctorates sciences techniques jn adami ecole polytechnique federale of zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;  
the method of structured programming applied to the development of a compiler u ammann proc . acm int . comp . sym . davos  
t lymphocytes reactive for group a streptococcal antigens in chronic plaque psoriatic lesions bs baker d brown w porter c hardman jj garioch archives of dermatological research 1999.0 
rubber band motor . hf meiners physics demonstration  
the significance of trace metals in solving petrogenetic problems and controversies d fan ss augustithis theophrastus publications athens  
parsing and browsing tools for colonoscopy videos y cao d li w tavanapong jh oh j wong pc de proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the use of fluorochromes in the cytochemical characterization of some phytoflagellates me klut t bisalputra nj antia the histochemical journal 1988.0 
flit : flexowriter interrogation tape : a symbolic utility for tx-o tg stockham jb dennis technical report memo 5001-23 massachusetts institute of  
uload : choosing the right storage for your xml application a arion v benzaken i manolescu r vijay proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
parallel execution of test runs for database application systems f haftmann d kossmann e lo proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
a visual reasoning system with diagrams and sentences h sawamura at diagrams  
integrated syst d manual eng. zurich switzerland  
a convexity property of eigenvalues with applications w becker c kenig j pipher submitted for  
stabilization of path-following interior point methods for linear programming vv kovacevic-vujcic proceedings of ix conference on applied mathematics d. & hellip ;  
women in the information technology industry : a western australian view loâ ?? neill-cooper ea walker proceedings of the 14 thecis 2001 conference 25-26 june  
the race for bandwidth : understanding data transmission c lu  1998.0 
upconversion spectrometry for astrophysical applications t kostiuk m abbas kw ogilvie m mumma & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
les â ?? heliconsâ ?? dans les semiconducteurs p aigrain proc . int . conf . seniconductor physics  
system capacity with transmit diversity techniques in geran . f kronestad k zangi d hui m eriksson c ieee vehic . tech . conf . vtc2001 athens greece spring  
the mathematical pamphlets of charles lutwidge dodgson and related pieces edited by ff abeles cl dodgson md  
age-related reactive oxygen damage caspase activation and nuclear condensation in hippocampal gj brewer jr torricelli a lim submitted for publication  
cover story : realidade virtual l von schweber e von schweber pc magazine brasil  
functional invariant sets for semilinear dissipative wave equations on ir n ni karachalios nm stavrakakis   
impact of work teams on manufacturing performance : a longitudinal field study rd banker jm field rg schroeder kk sinha the academy of management journal 1996.0 
a simple bounded disorder file organization with good performance db lomet acm transactions on database systems 1988.0 
a technique to analyze information-flow in object-oriented programs b li information and software technology 2003.0 
accuracy analysis of the semi-analytical method for shape sensitivity b barthelemy rt haftka proc . aiaa/asme/asce / asc 29th structures structural & hellip ;  
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia c faloutsos ki lin md  
routing and admission control in general topology networks r gawlick a kamath s plotkinâ ? ¦   
wheelbase filtering and automobile suspension tuning for minimizing motions in pitch rs sharp proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
distributed problem solving and planning eh durfee lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
r. narasayya . autoadmin ` whatif ` index analysis utility s chaudhuriandv proc . of acm sigmod  
womenâ ?? s involvement in multiple roles and psychological distress rc barnett gk baruch journal of personality and social psychology 1985.0 
thesprite network operating system j ousterhout a cherenson f douglis m nelson b ieee computer  
sampling large databases for association rules h toivonen vldb 1996.0 
triage efficacy of medical treatment and optimum health insurance r garratt jm marshall   
genetic variation in tropical meloidogyne species m fargette vc blok ms phillips dl trudgill see re  
distance cattle travel to water affects pasture utilization rate jr gerrish pr peterson re morrow procs . am . forage grassl . counc  
growth functions in marketing management c skiadas  1987.0 
situating conversations within the language/action perspective : the milan conversation model g de michelis ma grasso proceedings of acm conference on computer supported  
low load latency through sum-addressed memory w lynch g lauterbach j chamdani proceedings of the 25 thinternational symposium on computer & hellip ;  
egocentric biases in availability and attribution m ross f sicoly journal of personality and social psychology 1979.0 
decomposing k-arc-strong tournaments into arc-disjoint spanning subdigraphs ( 2001 ) j bang-jensen a yeo   
development and characterization of a pultruded fiber-optic ribbon a melloni a gusmeroli a tonini g sala m procs . xii international conference on optical fiber sensors & hellip ;  
surf . coatings technol y qiang r th y thurner o rattunde h haberland  1997.0 
developing critical thinking and problem-solving abilities j lochhead a whimbey new directions for teaching and  
sliding-block codes for two-track magnetic recording channels e soljanin cn georghiades proc . 28th annual conf . inform . sciences and systems & hellip ;  
the zero latency enterprise d liles proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
an invitation to formal methods : impediments to industrial use of formal methods dl parnas ieee computer  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?query by image and video content : the qbic systemã cents â ? ¬ â ? m flickner h sawhney w niblack j ashley q ieee computer  
improvement in bandwidth efficiency of asynchronous prime-code cdma networks by error correction jg zhang electronic  
expressive law : framing of equilibrium selection i bohnet r cooter unpublished manuscript  
keynote address : language design as design fp brooks history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
8k solutions and semi-solutions to a problem of da costa j marcos submitted for  
structure-function relationship of galanin t mochizuki j ishikawa n takatsuka m hoshino n proc . 28th symp . pept . chem. osaka  
applying the bt operational support systems architecture s pyzer p williams d richards bt technology journal 1997.0 
applying formal methods to semantic-based decomposition of transactions p ammann s jajodia i ray acm transactions on database systems 1997.0 
security and inference in multilevel database and knowledge-base systems m morgenstern proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
oestrogens for urinary incontinence in women b moehrer a hextall s jackson cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
the query by image content system j ashley m flickner j hafner d lee w niblack proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference  
a-molina und a. paepcke : starts : stanford proposal for internet meta-searching l gravano cck chang h garc proc . of the 1997 acm sigmod int . conference on management & hellip ;  
a few remarks on the assortment problem w sadowski management science 1959.0 
development and sustainability of community health insurance in thailand s supakankunti ficosser meeting on health care financing athens greece & hellip ;  
critical issues and dilemmas for adult literacy programs under welfare reform b sparks new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
characterization of a monoclonal antibody ( 6g12 ) recognizing the cynomolgus monkey cd3 antigen t kawai j wong j maclean ab cosimi transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
health health care and welfare in greece a sissouras k souliotis  2003.0 
neic system speeds processing of health insurance claims . d raimondi computerworld. 1984.0 
the design and implcmentahon of ingres m stonebraker e wong p krcps acm tods  
infinitely variable transmissions with automatic regulation g mantriota proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
personalized conversational case-based recommendation mh goker ca thompson lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
the expressive power of modalized purely implicational calculi mi kanovich technical report . stanford university center for the study of  
an unfinished symphony mp3 market waits in the wings while the recording industry whistles in the b roberts electronic business 2001.0 
adapting to route-demand and mobility in ad hoc network routing s ahn au shankar computer networks 2002.0 
adventures in space and time : browsing personal collections of geo-referenced digital photographs m naaman s harada q wang a paepcke technical report stanford university april 2004 . submitted for  
additive utility without restricted solvability on all components c gonzales submitted for publication  
molecular cloning and characterization of the p-amylase gene from bacillus circulans mol kw siggens microbiol . i  
characterization of porous solids mm dubinin proc . int . symp  
andd . tscichritzis . datamodeling of time-based media s gibbs c breiteneder proc . of acm  
integrating security patterns in the development of secure agent-based systems h mouratidis p giorgini m schumacher m weiss  2003.0 
becoming critically reflective through action reflection learning tm . joâ ?? neil vj marsick new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
evaluation of library web sites : the danish case h clausen electronic library 1999.0 
a staged model for the software lifecycle kh bennett vt rajlich ieee computer  
high technology ceramics e geã § kinli  1992.0 
solving satisfiability and implication problems in database systems s guo w sun ma weiss acm transactions on database systems 1996.0 
asian african and european biota meet at ` evolution canyon ` israel : local tests of global e nevo proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
a control-theoretical approach for achieving fair bandwidth allocations in core-stateless networks ht ngin ck tham computer networks 2002.0 
a cost-effective approximation for srd traffic in arbitrary multi-buffered networks dd kouvatsos iu awan rj fretwell g dimakopoulos computer networks 2000.0 
keynote paper : from marketing mix to relationship marketingâ ?? towards a paradigm shift in marketing c grã ¶ nroos management decision 1997.0 
data cleaning in microsoft sql server 2005 s chaudhuri k ganjam v ganti r kapoor v proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
the comparisons of appearance management body satisfaction and buying behaviors between asian t nutthawutthisit  2003.0 
source identification in distributed parameter systems m skliar wf ramirez applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
pirates ! using the physical world as a game board s bjã ¶ rk j falk r hansson p ljungstrand proceedings of interact  
tcp vegas : new techniques for congestion avoidance l brakmo soâ ?? malley l peterson proceedings of acm sigcomm  
expanding possibilitiesâ ?? from wireless web access to voice recording to convergence with cell b brown m brown pc magazine  
extending ingres with methods and triggers f carter   
supervised training techniques for radial basis function neural networks l bruzzone d prieto electronic letters 1998.0 
inter-operator oss interface for delivering pan-european atm vp service dw ranasinghe cc smith cb hatch sc beaumont p bt technology journal 1999.0 
problems in the estimation of growth parameters for the spiny lobster panulirus argus in the j gonzã ¡ les-cano cas rocha & hellip ; ii world fisheries congress ( athens greece 05-08/05 / 1992 ) & hellip ;  
the miro dbms m stonebraker   
solving systems of non-linear equations faster jf canny e kaltofen l yagati proc . acm-sigsam  
andn . a. lynch . livenessin timedanduntimed systems r gawlick r segala j sogaard-andersen & hellip ; massachusetts institute of technology cambridge massachusetts  
the quantum theory of radiation and line spectra w wilson phil . mag  
the human factor and organization of support for operators of a nuclear power plant vi naumov at .  
wisconsin superconductive energy storage project rw boom ha peterson w young wisconsin university report pb-238  
jo querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions ay levy a rajaraman proceedings of the 22th international conference on very  
r. desjardins widearea technologies and services in the trans-pacific high data rate ( hdr ) e hsu c hung n kadowaki n yoshimura t proceedings of the 23rd pacific telecommunications  
multiple uses of frequent sets and condensed representations h mannila h toivonen proc . kdd  
a selectivity model for fragmented relations : applied in information retrieval he blok s choenni hm blanken   
the ecrc multi database system w jonker h schã 1/4 tz proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
adjoint sensitivity for differential-algebraic equations : part i the adjoint dae ayatem y cao s li l petzold r serban manuscript univ. of california santa barbara  
community participationa new frontier in land management . keynote paper a campbell international conference on sustainable land management  
information structures : tools in problem solving me d'imperio acm sigmod record 1969.0 
migration of lanthanum through the pollen exine jr rowley jj flynn proc . 28th annu . meet . electron . microsc . soc . am  
the synthesizer generator : a system for constructing language-based editors tw reps t teitelbaum  1988.0 
robust recursive least-squares method with modified weights for bilinear system identification h dai nk sinha   
a and pitt gd 1971 ja wilson phil . mag  
characterization of the mouse prostaglandin f receptor gene : a transgenic mouse study of a k hasumoto y sugimoto m gotoh e segi a genes to cells 1997.0 
a holistic architecture for knowledge discovery in multi-database environments ag bã 1/4 chner b yang s ram da bell jg hughes proc . acm sigmod workshop on research issues on data mining & hellip ; 1997.0 
spatial hash-joins ml lo cv ravishankar proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1996.0 
grand conversations : literature groups in action . r peterson m eeds  1990.0 
automatic music video generation based on temporal pattern analysis xs hua l lu hj zhang   
gain : benefits costs and three-year impacts of a welfare-to-work program . d friedlander j riccio s freedman new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
snakes and sandwiches : optimal clustering strategies or a warehouse hv jagadish lv lakshmanan d srivastava proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod conference philadelphia  
strain accumulation and surface deformation along the san andreas california vc li  1986.0 
diel and seasonal occurrence of inmature fishes in a louisiana tidal pass . 161-170 p ds sabins fm truesdale proc . 28th ann . se assoc. game and fish . comm. white sulfur & hellip ;  
a new multi-search engine for querying data through an internet search service on corba . ys chang sm yuan w lo computer networks 2000.0 
multiobjective evolutionary algorithms applied to two problems in the telecommunications dk joshua jo martin wc david bt technology journal  
characterization of gtpase-activating proteins for the function of the rho-family small gtpases in k nakano t mutoh i mabuchi genes to cells 2001.0 
data selection for support vector machine classification g fung ol mangasarian proceedings kdd-2000 : knowledge discovery and data mining & hellip ;  
automatic recording apparatus for use in the chromatography of amino acids . s moore dh spackman wh stein fed proc 1958.0 
wal-mart asks for a return m wagner   
low order h controller synthesis pmm bongers oh bosgra proc . 29th ieee conf . dec. and contr. honolulu  
status of worldwide opioid availability de joranson university of  
caregiver support for postpartum depression kl ray ed hodnett cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
lvmsr : an efficient algorithm to multicast layered video w wen b mukherjee shg chan d ghosal computer networks 2003.0 
c. lilley.â ?? network performance effects of http/1 .1 css1 and png â ?? hf nielsen j gettys a baird-smith e prudâ ?? proceedings of acm  
expression and characterization of nonmammalian selenoprotein p in the zebrafish danio rerio rm tujebajeva dg ransom jw harney mj berry genes to cells 2000.0 
financial self-assessment . n dickmeyer ks hughes new directions for higher education 1982.0 
variable-structure control of decentralized model-reference adaptive systems xx hao wy hua hw hu  1990.0 
not all tools are created equal s dart   
datamine-interactive rule discovery system t imielinski a virmani   
technology roadmapping : the integration of strategic and technology planning for competitiveness oh bray ml garcia   
keynote address p burns proceedings 17th isba sheffield conference  
order-of-magnitude advantage on tpc-c through massive parallelism c levine   
energy food and you c petersonâ ? ¦ seattle : washington state office of environmental education & hellip ;  
assessing the work environment for creativity tm amabile r conti h coon j lazenby m herron the academy of management journal 1996.0 
magnetic recording system design to reduce medium noise through signal precompensation '' ja oâ ?? sullivan d agrawal dg porter rs indeck   
varkovitskaya et al vi zatsepin ea zamchalova a ya proceedings of the 23rd international cosmic ray  
a simplified cost-effective method for area-wide testing of trypanocidal drug sensitivity of t. s geerts jm ndungâ ?? u g murilla ha mbwambo l proceedings of the 25 thmeeting of the international & hellip ;  
reflection of low-energy hydrogen from solids w eckstein jp biersack applied physics a : materials science & processing 1985.0 
consumers ` use of enhanced tv features and interest in e-commerce on cable network websites l ha electronic markets 2002.0 
potential benefits of delta encodingand data compressionfor http jc mogul f douglis a feldmann b krishnamurthy proc . acm sigcomm  
spontaneous splenic rupture due to subcutaneous heparin therapy sj weiss t smith e laurin dh wisner journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
ashishik point : an economic analysis of a prehistoric aleutian community . gb denniston  1972.0 
neuroleptic reduction and/or cessation and neuroleptics as specific treatments for tardive jj mcgrath kv soares cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
blind joint equalization of multiple synchronous mobile users oversampling and/or multiple antennas dtm slock proc . 28th asimilar  
the documentary structure of source code cs.utah.edu   
forecasting risk attitudes : an experimental study of actual and forecast risk attitudes of women and cc eckel pj grossman unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
largeâ ?? signal sâ ?? parameters help analyze stability rj frost electronic  
minimizing expected energy in real-time embedded systems r xu d mossã © r melhem proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
nitrogen and carbon isotopic composition of marine and terrestrial organic matter in arctic ocean cj schubert se calvert   
effective similarity search on voxelized cad object hp kriegel z mashael m pfeifle t seidl   
recursive strategies for answering recursive queries - the rqa/fqi strategy w nejdl vldb 1987.0 
functional approach to mathematical model of naming e younger k bennett information and software technology 1992.0 
protest and the scale politics of telecommunications pc adams political geography 1996.0 
on the bernstein-von mises theorem with infinite dimensional parameters p diaconis d freedman unpublished manuscript  
drug therapy for delirium in terminally ill patients kc jackson ag lipman cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
the implementation of a native atm transport for a high performance orb s pope sl lo   
spinal cord stimulation for non-reconstructable chronic critical leg ischaemia dt ubbink h vermeulen cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
a sound and complete extended relational algebra for exclusive disjunctive data js chiu alp chen the poster paper collection vldb conf  
using genetic algorithms to work out index configurations for the class-hierarchy indexing in object hj song jh ahn hj kim information & software technology 2000.0 
network-conscious gif image transmission over the internet pd amer s iren ge sezen pt conrad m taube a computer networks 1999.0 
a synchronized discrete address beacon system ( for atc surveillance ) na blake & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
naos : efficient and modular capabilities in an object-oriented database system c collet t coupaye t svensen 20 thint . conf . on vldb  
the marketing scale effectiveness of virtual communities j bughin electronic markets 2001.0 
spatial operators for selected data structures . rw claire sc guptill 5 th int . symp . comp . assisted cartography & int . soc . & hellip ; 1982.0 
an information exploration environment sigmod report 25 ( 4 ) ca spotfire  1996.0 
sediment-capped guyots in the mid-pacific mountains de karig mna peterson gg shor  1970.0 
workforce development : the policy debate jl wills new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
characteristics of young deaf children and early intervention programs kl weiss mw goodwin df moores  1975.0 
keynote address . jr moore j audiov media med 1978.0 
opening remarks : third international conference on nutrition and fitness w clay athens greece may  
traffic grooming in wdm unidirectional paths and rings with min-max cost objective b chen g rouskas r dutta proceedings of networking 2004 athens greece  
microwave radiation of the earth 's surface in the presence of vegetation cover kp kirdiashev aa chukhlantsev am shutko radiotekhnika i elektronika 1979.0 
efficient simulation of system level models via bisimulation preserving transformations s sharad sk shukla submitted for  
b. dom and m. gorkani '' query by image and video content : the qbic system '' m flickner h sawhney w niblack j ashley q ieee computer  
improving availability bounds using the failure distance concept j carrasco procs . of the dcca4 int . conf. janary  
scalable update propagation in epidemic replicated databases m rabinovich nh gehani a kononov & hellip ; on extending database technology : advances in database & hellip ; 1996.0 
language from within : a handbook of teaching strategies for personal growth and self reflection in b galyean  1976.0 
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions proceedings of the 22 ndvldb ay levy a rajaraman jj ordille mumbai ( bombay )  
critical thinking and collaborative learning ce nelson new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
marketing and retention strategies for adult degree programs ja brown new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
overcoming the obstacles of zero-knowledge watermark detection a adelsbach m rohe ar sadeghi proceedings of acm multimedia security workshop 2004.0 
characterization of acid mine drainage big south fork national river and recreation area kentucky ss papadopulos i associates phase i report  
mineset ( tm ) : a system for high-end data mining and visualization mkp inc int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb &#39; 96 ) bombay india 1996.0 
design of a high-power sheet beam klystron dul yu pb wilson aip conference proceedings 1992.0 
magnetic recording system design to reduce medium noise through signal precompensation aos joseph d agrawal dg porter rs indeck mw proc . 28th  
peterkreps and geraldheld . thedesign and implementation of ingres ew michaelstonebraker acm transactions on database system  
on the suitability of genetic-based algorithms for data mining s choenni   
factorization of analytic functions in weighted bergman spaces sm shimorin algebra i analiz  
method configuration : adapting to situational characteristics while creating reusable assets f karlsson pj ã?gerfalk   
multiple disease screening and genetics of resistance in cucumber zm abdul-hayja  1980.0 
prj stergrd and r. aus dem spring asymptotic behaviour of optimal circle packings in a square kj nurmela submitted for  
in search of real-time internet service g lawton   
the empowerment process : integrating theory and practice ja conger rn kanungo the academy of management review 1988.0 
design quality of websites for electronic commerce : fortune 1000 webmasters ' evaluations c liu electronic markets 2000.0 
on the minimization of xpath queries s flesca f furfaro e masciari proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
hong kong busks asia services trend a foley computerworld  
operational characteristics of switched reluctance motor drives hh moghbelli m moallem   
optimizing web queries through semantic caching b chidlovskii c roncancio ml schneider   
meaningful change detection on the web s flesca f furfaro e masciari   
enterprise business planning : enabling the zero latency enterprise b vinod t bhatia i2 planet  
su : modeling integrated manufacturing data with sam * yw stanley ieee computer  
energy spectra of light ions backscattered from random solids u littmark a gras-marti applied physics a : materials science & processing 1978.0 
reactive components for pseudo-resistive networks e fragniere a van schaik e vittoz electronic letters 1997.0 
larger sperm outcompete smaller sperm in the nematode caenorhabditis elegans cw lamunyon s ward proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
toward a classification scheme for software process modelling approaches ir mcchesney information and software technology 1995.0 
indexing multiple sets c kilger g moerkotte vldb 1994.0 
pion-nucleon sigma-term and the strange quark content of the proton ( abstract only ) j gasser h leutwyler me sainio oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
guangr . gao herbert hj hum kevin theobald and xin-min tian . polling watchdog : combining polling o maquelin proceedings of the 23rd annual international symposium on & hellip ;  
atic experiment : elemental spectra from the ight in 2000 hs ahn jh adams g bashindzhagyanâ ? ¦ proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf. tsukuba  
