immunogold labelling is a quantitative method as demonstrated by studies on aminopeptidase n in the histochemical journal 1992.0 gh hansen ll wetterberg h sjã ¶ strã ¶ m o norã © n   
multidimensional similarity structure analysis i borg jc lingoes  1987.0 
visualization optimization and business strategy dl gresh ei kelton  d. gresh e. kelton proceedings ieee visualization  
progress in the development of large area sub-millimeter resolution cdznte strip detectors jr macri dv boykin k larson m mayer ml proc . spie 1996.0    
algebraic attacks on combiners with memory f armknecht m krause    
a quantitative cytochemical assay for osteoclast acid phosphatase activity in foetal rat calvaria dm webber ip braidman wr robertson dc anderson the histochemical journal 1988.0 
vision-based pedestrian detection : will ants help ? m bertozzi a broggi a fascioli   
pan-browser support for annotations and other meta-information on the world wide web www5 / computer networks 1996.0 ma schickler ms mazer c brooks   
scalable session messages in srm using self-configuration p sharma d estrin s floyd l zhang   
waiting times for stationary processes i kontoyiannis a recurrence technical report no. 92 stanford university july  
curves and surfaces in computer aided geometric design g farin   
plan mining by divide-andconquer j han q yang e kim proceedings of sigmodâ ?? 99 workshop on research issues on & hellip ;  
imino esters : versatile substrates for the catalytic asymmetric synthesis of r-and î ² - ae taggi am hafez tr lectka amino acids and î ² - lactams . acc . chem . res  
efficient transparent application recovery d lomet g weikum client-server information systems .  
a selection combining scheme for rake receivers n kong    
biological monitoring and assessment : using multimetric indexes effectively jr karr ew chu   1997.0 
transportation and world development economic geography jc lowe  1988.0 
the universal distribution and a free lunch for program induction j neil j woodward unpublished    
e-business models r trombly  computerworld  
optimization of dynamic query evaluation plans proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; rl cole g graefe  1994.0 
provably secure coin flip in a byzantine environment 1985.0 s awerbuch b chor s goldwasser s micali   
a. h. muroya and rg gould . 1972 vivo demonstration of the circadian . rhythm of cholesterol p edwards   
binary data transmission techniques for linear systems proc . ire ml doelz et heald dl martin   
continuous querying in database-centric web applications jc shafer r agrawal www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
computer implementation of thenite element method stanford university technical report stan-cs-208 stanford ca a george   
a university-industry association model for curriculum enhancement . m passer  new directions for higher education 1984.0 
downsizing in privatized firms in russia ukraine and belarus i filatotchev t buck v zukov academy of management journal   2000.0 
strong asymmetries in impurity distributions of jet plasmas . b alper    
in the middle of the night : a psychosocial resource book for after hours st mcnamara ec meyer ka fraser ea sands journal of emergency nursing 1997.0    
establishing the planning process for selecting appropriate career programs . pc winstead new directions for higher education 1987.0 
plant resistance to nematodes see ref ja veech   
0 . g. tsatalos sj white and mj zwiiiing . shoring up persistent applications mj carey dj dewitt mj franklin ne hall ml proc . acm sigmod    
id 90.1 reference manual . csg memo 284-2 rs nikhil 1990.0    
clarans : a method for clustering objects for spatial data mining rt ng   
index selection for databases : a hardness study and a principled heuristic solution s chaudhuri m datar v narasayya knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on   2004.0 
part five : should continuing education be mandatory ? . 1992.0 rg brockett bf legrand new directions for adult and continuing education  
a content based image retrieval system based on the fuzzy artmap architecture 2004.0 m uysal f yarman-vural proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;  
formation of ganymede grooved terrain by sequential extensional episodes : implications of galileo gc collins jw head rt pappalardo icarus-new york - 1998.0    
polysaccharides from corallina officinalis jr turvey pr simpson proc . int . seaweed symp    
an algebraic description of programs with assertions verification and simulation rm burstall 1972.0  proceedings of acm conference on proving assertions about & hellip ;  
expert system for selecting expert system shells . a martin rkh law  information and software technology 1988.0 
beyond process : tqm content and firm performance the academy of management review 1996.0 r reed dj lemak jc montgomery   
logjam : a tangible multi-person interface for video logging j cohen m withgott p piernot   
certificate programs : alternative ways to career advancement and social mobility gj lopos 1991.0  new directions for adult and continuing education  
cold tolerance e beck see ref  
3d-surface modelling for automotive applications with the use of neural networks proc . 28th isata-international symposium on automotive & hellip ; m gadola d vetturi p maffezzoni   
the disposition of children with croup treated with racemic epinephrine and dexamethasone in the jd rizos be digravio mj sehl jm tallon  journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
self-monitoring during collegiate studying : an invaluable tool for academic self-regulation 1995.0 bj zimmerman as paulsen new directions for teaching and learning  
intelligent software agents for managing distributed genomics data proc . 28th conf . int &#39; l soc . animal genetics jw keeleâ ? ¦   
a contract and balancing mechanism for sharing capacity in a communication network e anderson f kelly r steinberg    
rare earths -- applications and technology bombay india 25-26 sept. 1986 ck gupta ts krishnan  1986.0 
variation of gait pattern in adult hemiplegia neurology india ( bombay ) m colaso j joshi  1971.0 
what should be optimized in a decision tree technical report university of massachusetts at amherst n berkman t sandholm   
efficient multicarrier realization of full-rate space-time orthogonal block coded systems b farhang-boroujeny c schlegel submitted for  
numerical document queries h seidl t schwentick a muscholl   
quantitative histochemical determination of succinic dehydrogenase activity in skeletal muscle ce blanco gc sieck vr edgerton 1988.0  the histochemical journal  
a sustainable world tc trzyna    
building clinical information spaces on the world wide web proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group international & hellip ; p wehr   
the across-breed epd tables adjusted to a 1994 base ld van vleck lv cundiff proc . bif 28th res . symp. birmingham al  
distribution of electrons in a substance after thermalization at . aa vorob ` ev ap yalovets   
real-time resource tracking system for semiconductor industry ieeexplore.ieee.org    
a methodology for eliciting product and process expert knowledge in immersive virtual environments jm ritchie jel simmons rg dewar id carpenter  & hellip ; international conference on management of engineering and & hellip ;  
fast algorithms for mining association rules . 20th int conf . on very large databases ( vldb ) . santiago de chile r agrawal r skrikant   
swarni ( 1993 ) mining association rules between set of items in large databases i agrawal proc . of the acm sigmod conference of management of data  
ordinary people on an extraordinary adventure . s steiner social studies and the young learner 1996.0    
mining assocation rules between sets of items in large datatabes acm sigmod conference on management of data washington dc r agrawal t imielinski a suami   
self-monitoring as a determinant of self-disclosure reciprocity during the acquaintance process dr shaffer je smith m tomarelli  journal of personality and social psychology  
interventions for varicosities and leg oedema in pregnancy gl young d jewell cochrane database syst rev 2000.0    
a support for communication in software processes m amiour j estublier    
correlates of adolescent pregnancy in la paz bolivia : findings from a quantitative-qualitative 2002.0 v lipovsek am karim ez gutierrez rj magnani adolescence-san diego -  
laser light scattering 1academic b chu  san diego  
transputer control of a puma 560 robot via the virtual bus rw daniel   
syghronec oikonomikec skeqeic twn arhaiwn ellunwn ( contemporary economic thoughts of ancient greeks ) 1996.0 a kanelopoulos   
business must fill educational gap computerworld j akers   
the onset of solar cycle 23 at 1 au and at 70 au fb mcdonald n lal re mcguire proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf   1999.0 
cleâ $ ment n. and coujou a. 1999 m jouiad f pettinari phil .    
engineering of expert systems . ls de jong  information and software technology 1988.0 
microsoft sql server 7.0 performance tuning guide h lau   
role of protege personality in receipt of mentoring and career success db turban tw dougherty 1994.0  the academy of management journal  
environmental evangelist j kador  electronic business  
analytical description of spatial patterns . a getis jhp paelinck submitted for publication    
maintenance of association rules : when to update sd lee d cheung  proc . of sigmod workshop on research issues in data mining & hellip ;  
h. piiahesh â ?? extensible query processing in starburstâ ?? l haas jc freytag gm lohrnan  proceedings of the 1989 sigmod conference may  
techniques for application software maintenance n gorla  information and software technology 1991.0 
i. floyd ra 1984b z nagy & hellip ; spin resonance spectroscopic demonstration of the hydroxyl    
an object-oriented application development environment m ganti p goyal r nassif s podar   
forced and mutual synchronization of chaos 1991.0 vs anishchenko te vadivasova de postnov ma radiotekhnika i elektronika  
a. past tense forms of the verb be in the dialect of cambridgeshire al ojanen unpublished  
the bess object storage manager : architecture overview sigmod record 1996.0 a biliris e panagos   
determination of bone density in dental implantology by automatic subtraction of digital free { hand t lehmann w schmitt   
on rotation of the plane of polarization by reflection from the pole of a magnet j kerr phil . mag    
an annotated bibliography on active databases ( short version ) u jaeger jc freytag  sigmod-record 1995.0 
maps and cognitive maps : the young childâ ?? s perception geography sj catling   
etal. prospector : a content-based multimedia object server for massively parallel architectures woâ ?? connell it ieong d schrader proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
community on-line : new professional environments for higher education t di petta new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
distributed processes : a concurrent programming concept comm p brinch-hansen   
measuring organizational is effectiveness : an overview and update of senior management perspectives 2002.0 pb seddon v graeser lp willcocks acm sigmis database  
paradox lost ? firm-level evidence on the returns to information systems spending e brynjolfsson l hitt management science 1996.0 
safety considerations in retailing hydrogen jl alcock rf cracknell jj rowson lc shirvill a  world hydrogen energy conference montreal canada june  
optimization of loops for dynamic datafiow machines . master 's thesis 1992.0 bs ang   
adaptive locking strategies in a multi-node data sharing model environment a joshi proc . very large databases conf . ( sept. 1991 ) barcelona    
the eventivity constraint and modal reference effect in root infinitives n hymas 1999.0    
determination of the longitudinal phase space distribution produced with ttf photo injector m geitz s schreiber g von walter d sertore m 1999.0  proc . of the 21st int . free electron laser conf. august  
synchronization in a decentralized computer system r reed d naming ph. d. dissertation mit laboratory for computer science    
formal description techniques and automated protocol synthesis v carchiolo a faro d giordano information and software technology 1992.0    
schneider : multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkhoff hp kriegel  proc . acm-sigmod intl. conf . on management of data & hellip ;  
dynamic content acceleration : a caching solution to enable scalable dynamic web page generation 2001.0 a datta k dutta k ramamritham h thomas d sigmod conference  
numerical modeling of the heat flux to the anode of high-current vacuum arcs e schade d shmelev i kleberg proc . 21st int . conf . on electrical contacts    
transaction support for indexed summary views proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 g graefe m zwilling   
influence of tractor -- trailer interaction on assessment of road damaging performance proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; dj cole d cebon  1998.0 
environmental impact from npk-fertiliser versus anaerobic digestion residue or compost-a systems m dalemo u sonesson a bjã ¶ rklund    
novel approach to indoor propagation modelling radioengineering-prague - 2000.0 p pechac m klepal k novotny   
strategic planning at five world-class companies md akers gl porter management accounting-new york -   1995.0 
demonstration : enabling scalable online personalization on the web k dutta proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
update synchronization in distributed databases wk cheng gg belford vldb  
the presidential perspective on mission review for new career programs . ap splete new directions for higher education 1987.0    
in search of erp paybacks th davenport  computerworld  
orthogonal frequency division multiplexing for wireless network ida li anibal university of california santa barbara    
complete genomes phylogenetic relatedness and structural proteins of six strains of the hepatitis h norder am courouce lo magniusâ ? ¦  virology-new york - 1994.0 
teaching analytical reasoning through thinking aloud pair problem solving . je stice ( ed ) developing j lochhead a whimbey new directions for teaching and  
accelerating object-oriented simulation via automatic program specialization . department of d weise s seligman stanford university technical report csl-tr-92-519 april    
mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables in `` proceedings of the acm sigmod montreal canada r srikant r agrawal   
understanding multicultural perspectives : a project approach . f miller  social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
andm . mehta . sprint : ascalableparallel classifier fordata mining . in 22 nd j shafer r agrawal vldb proceedings bombay india  
shame as the master emotion sm retzinger tj scheff & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa barbara    
automated selection of materialized views and indexes for sql databases materialized view selection s agrawal s chaudhuri v narasayya proc . of vldb roma italy  
a comparative study on user performance in the virtual dressmaker application m wacker m keckeisen sl stoev w straã?er    
visualization in scientific computing acm sigbio newsletter bh mccormick  1988.0 
perceptual patterns and the learning environment : confronting white racism . 1991.0 saj colin iii t preciphs new directions for adult and continuing education  
da silva jr. jl patel. d. and roundy s. ( july ) . picoradio supports ad hoc ultra-low power ieee jm rabaey mj ammer   
single-service quality differentiation g karlsson h lundqvist im ivars   
the attitudes of final year geography undergraduates to teaching as a career geography t unwin   
preemptive scheduling of uniform processor systems journal of the acm ( jacm ) t gonzalez s sahni  1978.0 
comparative investigation into explosibility of brown coal and bituminous coal dust in surface and proceedings of the 23rd international conference of safety & hellip ; d reeh j michelis   
â ?? b-blogs cause a stir 2002.0 k goodwin   
assessment to improve student learning new directions for higher education df brakke dt brown  2002.0 
a perceptual pitch detector m slaney rf lyon    
a moose and a fox can aid scientists with data management problems 1993 j wiener y ioannidis submitted for  
non-overlapping domain decomposition and heterogeneous modeling used in solving free boundary b jiang 1999.0    
principles of an icons-based language acm sigmod record c frasson m er-radi  1986.0 
sane expert and factual testimony journal of emergency nursing le ledray l barry  1998.0 
the role of visual rhetoric in the design and production of electronic books : the visual book electronic library m landoni  2000.0 
some shortcomings of ocl the object constraint constraint language of uml m vaziri d jackson  technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
prolonged survival after liver transplantation and cancer chemotherapy for advanced-stage transplantation proceedings 1993.0 bi carr r selby j madariaga s iwatsuki   
it acceptance : managing user-it group boundaries data base for advances in information systems d gefen cm ridings  2003.0 
languages for relational databases over interpreted structures in â ?? pods 1997 m benedikt l libkin  proceedings of the sixteenth acm-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ;  
the generalized tree protocol : an efficient approach for managing replicated data d agarwal ae abbadi acm transactions on database systems    
research issuesinspatial databases o guenther a buchmann  acm sigmod record  
new directions for theory and research on teaching : a review of the past twenty years 1999.0 m theall new directions for teaching and learning  
easyliving : ubiquitous computing & the role of geometry b brumitt j krumm b meyers s shafer   
optimal on-line algorithms for single-machine scheduling ja hoogeveen apa vestjens lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
bisimulation-based non-deterministic admissible interference and its application to the analysis of j mullins s lafrance  information and software technology 2003.0 
hickman catheter-related infections in neutropenic patients : insertion in the operating theater submitted for jl nouwen jj wielenga h van overhagen js   
noise figures of radio receivers ht friis proc . ire    
tutorial : constraint programming and database languages p kanellakis proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod sigart symposium on & hellip ; 1995.0    
ecological methodology : harper collins publishers cj krebs new york    
the peer support group needed to guide organizational change processes 1997.0 mj austin new directions for higher education  
global coding interpretive manual : ucla clinic study ca mccarty as lau sm valeri unpublished manuscript    
improvements in neural-network training and search techniques for continuous digit recognition jp hosom ra cole p cosi & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems (  
dual disorders : final report and recommendations on managing people with a coexisting mental health j mooney southern area health service nsw    
small forwarding tables for fast ip lookups a brodnik s carlsson m degermark s pink  proc . of acm sigcomm  
the use of ultrasound technology to determine gender of snakehead fish ( channa striatus ) . book of d montgomery bl leamaster rp weidenbach world aquacult . soc . meeting seattle washington usa  
mining generalized association rules . in : proceedings of the 21st vldb conference r srikant r agrawal   1995.0 
a set-handling approach for the no-response test and related methods submitted for r potthast   
data base provides business model computerworld fa dottore   
on the propagation of errors in the size of join results acm sigmod intl y ioannidis s christodoulakis conference on management of data    
exploiting inheritance and structure semantics for effective clustering and buffering in an object - ee chang   
k. matsui sen-i gakkaishi m sekido   
efficient processing of spatial joins using r-trees . in : peter buneman sushil jajodia eds t brinkhoff h kriegel b seeger 1993.0    
non-market and multicriteria evaluation methods for public goods and urban plans p lombardi & hellip ; of the international conference financial management of & hellip ;  
long-range planning : part 3 planning strategies . computerworld. 1982.0 l long   
the evolution of the bioenergetic processes e broda    
the effect of free electrons on lattice conduction phil . mag jm ziman   
privacy-preserving collaborative data mining z zhan l chang    
can structured formatters prevent train crashes ? j andre    
segmentation of medical images combining local regional global and hierarchical distances into a tm lehmann d beier c thies t seidl    
parallel mining of association rules r agrawal jc shafer    
monte-carlo model requirements for hardware-in-the-loop missile simulations 1976.0 hl pastrick ls isom cm will rj vinson lh hazel & hellip ; simulation conference washington d. c proceedings  
software profiling for hot path prediction : less is more e duesterwald v bala   
the image of the librarian in commercial motion pictures : an annotated filmography ao ` brien m raish collection management 1993.0 
landscape landscape and landscape : a threefold ontology mh jacobs   2002.0 
novel applications of super-heated water as the eluent in reversed-phase hplc rm smith proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on high    
strategies for the 1990s ee chaffee new directions for higher education 1990.0 
srikant . fast algorithmsformining association rules r agrawal andr proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;  
when to prototype : decision variables in industry bc hardgrave information and software technology  
advances in laser welding of automotive parts 1992.0 ie ross dw hughes t orihashi & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ;  
three-dimensional data input by tablet acm siggraph computer graphics ie sutherland  1974.0 
a fast algorithm for high-dimensional similarity joins k shim r srikant r agrawal technical report ibm almaden research center    
mining patterns in long sequential data with noise w wang j yang ps yu    
characteristics and modelling of physical limnological processes m laska eidgenossische technische hochschule . zurich switzerland  
compressing differences of executable code 1999.0 bs baker u manber r muth proceedings of acm sigplan 1999 workshop on compiler support & hellip ;  
n. turing machines with few accepting computations and low sets for pp j ksbler u schsning s toda j tor proceedings of the d thannual conference on structure in    
intermediary infrastructures for the world wide web md dikaiakos computer networks   2004.0 
index concurrency control in firm real-time dbms b goyal j haritsa s seshadri v srinivasan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0    
business partnerships a brown ml buck e skinner   
inducing spatial clustering in spread spectrum ad hoc networks for efficient usage of capacity x yang g de veciana  submitted in proc . acm mobihoc may  
home bookmarks publications fis181 fis183 software statistics j. physique jj arenzon m nicodemi m sellitto da stariolo y   
analytical modeling and characterization of deep-submicrometer interconnect d sylvester c hu proceedings-ieee 2001.0    
inducing content based user models with inductive logic programming techniques me muller   
a fragment-based approach for efficiently creating dynamic web content j challenger p dantzig acm transactions on internet 2004.0 
ubiquitous media agents for managing personal multimedia files wy liu z chen f lin r yang mj li hj zhang  proceedings of acm  
some theoretical aspects of boosting in the presence of noisy data w jiang    
automatic verification of timed concurrent constraint programs . 2003 m falaschi a villanueva submitted for    
more than room and board : linking residence and classroom . jl bess  new directions for higher education 1973.0 
a synthesis of women 's career development issues ll bierema 1998.0  new directions for adult and continuing education  
two variable orthogonal polynomials and structured matrices am delgado js geronimo p iliev f marcellan   
concurrency and recovery for index trees b salzberg d lomet   
security model for the next-gerneration secure computing base wpd notes microsoft corporation    
george orwell : the satiric resolution 1961.0 r quintana wisconsin studies in contemporary literature  
the mid-cheshire salt industry k walwork geography  
an algebraic approach to rule analysis in expert database systems e bar & s j widom    
configuring sessions in programmable networks s choi j turner t wolf  computer networks 2003.0 
internet users cruising for info. not purchase e booker computerworld  
bid . 1981 83 3935 4884 . ( c ) cocks wd walters    
a homotopy approach to rational covariance extension with degree constraint p enqvist    
managing change requests effectively software quality management-international conference - d bustard a sweeney  1997.0 
strongly nonlinear internal solitionsâ ?? analytical models and fully nonlinear computaitons j grue la ostrovsky  2001.0 
interactional drama : a path to the past . social studies and the young learner 1989.0 tn turner d hendricks   
science in the courts : a comparative analysis of admissibility standards and their impact on the si gatowski sa dobbin jt richardson gp ginsburg ivth european congress of psychology athens greece july    
temporal management of rfid data f wang p liu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
dynamische messung des relativen gasgehalts in blasensã $ ulen mittels absorption von rã ¶ ntgenstrahlen r beinhauer   1971.0 
measurement-based guidance of software projects using explicit project plans cm lott hd rombach    
calculation of the influence of an electric field on the free energy of formation of a nucleus phil . mag jo isard   
concurrency control for distributed real-time databases lsr rajkumar jp lehoczky  acm sigmod record ( mar. .  
combating web spam with trustrank z gyongyi h garcia-molina j pedersen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
communicating x-machines j barnard j whitworth m woodward  information and software technology 1996.0 
six keys to effective instruction in large classes : advice from a practitioner . j aronson new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0    
tenncare : the impact of state health care reform on emergency patients and caregivers . journal of emergency nursing kd hulen lm beeler  1995.0 
non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) for treating lateral elbow pain in adults s green r buchbinder l barnsley s hall m white 2002.0  cochrane database syst rev  
the development of an instrument for inventorying knowledge of the processes of science ww welch   1966.0 
secure b allcock j bester j bresnahan al chervenak i 2001.0  & hellip ; transport and replica management for high-performance data - & hellip ;  
expert judgement as an estimating method information and software technology rt hughes  1996.0 
the lactose permease of escherichia coli : what to do while awaiting crystals of a membrane transport hr kaback j wu  acc chem res  
the motivation to teach : meanings messages and morals jl bess  new directions for teaching and learning . '' motivating & hellip ;  
mining sequential patterns by pattern-growth : the prefixspan approach b mortazavi-asl j wang h pinto q chen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
incidence of adverse biological effects within ranges of chemical concentrations in marine and er long dd macdonald sl smith fd calder  1995.0 
a unified approach for analyzing persistent non-persistent and onâ ?? off tcp sessions in the a gupta v sharma    
fast paxos l lamport   
ict and the changing landscape of global tourism distribution electronic markets h werthner  1999.0 
integration von wahrscheinlichkeiten : verarbeitung von zwei wahrscheinlichkeitsinformationen [ & hellip ; masterâ ?? s thesis university of zurich switzerland t bamert   
importance of ice edges to high-arctic seabirds msw bradstreet  proc . int . ornithol . congr  
mining fuzzy implication-based association rules in quantitative databases [ a ] gq chen p yan ee kerre proceedings of flins2002belgium : world scientific  
evaluation of a pragmatic approach for the prediction of radiation-induced losses in optical fibers m van uffelen f berghmans mc dã © creton a proc . spie 2000.0 
trees : a unified approach to processing queries that contain subqueries aggregates and quantifiers u dayal o nests  proceedings of the 13th vldb aug  
oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil and g. weikum . the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database disk buffering proceeding of the 1993 acm sigmod ej oã cents   
unsolved problems in planning as constraint satisfaction t bedrax-weiss ak jonsson ml ginsberg unpublished manuscript   1996.0 
spatial database access methods b salzberg db lomet acm sigmod record 1991.0    
the incidence of wound infection following crotalid envenomation rf clark bs selden b furbee journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
data mining 1997.0 p adriaans d zantinge   
thrashing : its causes and prevention pj denning  proc . afips  
from penteli to parthenon m corres 1993.0    
cardiovascular adaptations to exercise training in the elderly aa ehsani  fed proc 1987.0 
the essence of chaos seattle e lorenz  1993.0 
extension of the interpersonal adjective scales to include the big five dimensions of personality pd trapnell js wiggins journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0    
the aegis processor architecture for tamper-evident and tamper-resistant processingâ '' . rapport ge suh d clarke b gassend m van dijk s devadas  2003.0 
war and peace on the western front : a study of violent conflict and its correlates in prehistoric 1994.0 pm lambert   
efficient transparent application recovery in client-server information systems ( best paper award ) . d lomet g weikum  acm press new  
the propagation of stress pulses in viscoelastic solids phil . mag h kolsky   
an introduction to input/output automata technical memo n lynch m tuttle mit/lcs/tm -373 laboratory for computer science massachusetts  
light therapy for managing sleep behaviour and mood disturbances in dementia cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 d forbes dg morgan j bangma s peacock n   
organizational and hrm strategies in korea : impact on firm performance in an emerging economy j bae jj lawler academy of management journal 2000.0    
the architecture of maita : a tool for monitoring analysis and interpretation . technical report massachusetts institute of j doyle i kohane w long p szolovits   
dynamic rate-selection for extending the lifetime of energy-constrained networks n aboughazaleh p lanigan s gobriel d mosse r    
dynamic query evaluation plans g graefe k ward    
engraftment kinetics after non myeloablative allogeneic peripheral blood stem cell transplantation : r childs e clave n contentin d jayasekera n  blood-new york - 1999.0 
on the application of interference methods to astronomical methods phil . mag aa michelson   
documentation of the data sources and analytical methods used in the benefit-cost analysis of the d long v knox   1985.0 
dewitt . shoring up persistent applications proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l conference on management of mj carey   
tenosynovitis of the wrist gaw gooding a sonographic demonstration . j ultrasound  
difference posets and orthoalgebras m navara    
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us bt technology journal k woollard  1998.0 
the preparation of professional evaluators : issues perspectives and programs . 1994.0 wr shadishâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation  
research issues in spatial databases sigmod record o gihtther a buchmstnn   
an analysis of object storage architecture [ j ] k sakar ieee computer    
past and future trends for portable tools interfaces . information and software technology ne peeling dp youll  1989.0 
prophylactic platelet transfusion for haemorrhage after chemotherapy and stem cell transplantation sj stanworth c hyde n heddle p rebulla s  cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
introducing the personal software process : three industry case studies p ferguson ws humphrey s khajenoori s macke a ieee computer    
techniques for pelvic surgery in subfertility cochrane database syst rev a watson p vandekerckhove r lilford  2000.0 
the paleobiological implications of herbivorous dinosaur coprolites : ichnologic petrographic and k chin  1996.0 
dominance and heterosexual attraction ek sadalla dt kenrick b vershure journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
software for interactive on-line conferences - group of 2 & raquo ; acm sigois bulletin 1984.0 sk sarin i greif   
creams for preventing stretch marks in pregnancy cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 g young d jewell   
nonlinear black-box identification of distillation column models-design variable selection for model wm ling de rivera  applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0 
an annotation scheme for free word order languages w skut b krenn t brants h uszkoreit proceedings of anlp 1997.0    
stereo scene coding using slm active illuminant jp mcdonald rj fryer jp siebert proc . 26th int . symp . on automotive technology and & hellip ;  
managing customer services : human resource practices quit rates and sales growth academy of management journal r batt  2002.0 
the emergence of words t regier b corrigan r cabasaan a woodward m    
processor-and memory-based checkpoint and rollback recovery ns brown dk pradhan  ieee computer  
data mining : concepts and techniques j han m kamber  sigmod record 2002.0 
the râ ?? - tree : an efficient androbust access methodfor points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm sigmod  
phosphorylation of ser-3 of cofilin regulates its essential function on actin 1996.0 k moriyama k iida i yahara genes to cells  
factorization of polynomials over finite elds and factorization of primes in algebraic number elds mda huang  proc . 16th acm  
dynamic stereometry of the temporomandibular joint from 3d imaging and tracking data m krebs  swiss federal institute of technology zurich switzerland  
microsoft sql server 2000 as a '' dimensionally friendly system j mundy    
range locking strategies for improved concurrency db lomet  proc . very large databases conf . ( aug. 1993 ) dublin  
showing instead of telling r baecker    
reference anytime anywhere : towards virtual reference services at penn state lm moyo 2002.0  electronic library  
threshold schemes based on plucker coordinates m wang d feng g wang    
once upon a time past -- history in the elementary classroom . social studies and the young learner 1989.0 ls levstik   
a new approach to the modal logic of intervals a hussain m marx 2004.0    
strategizing throughout the organization : managing role conflict in strategic renewal academy of management review sw floyd pj lane  2000.0 
human rights : some perspectives j minker acm sigmod record 1987.0    
efficient polygon amalgamation methods for spatial olap and spatial data mining x zhou d truffet j han   
a high photosensitivity il-ccd image sensor with monolithic resin lens array y ishihara k tanigaki    
finestructure of atmospheric refractive layers and implications for over-the-horizon propagation and ee gossard wd neff rj zamora je gaynor & hellip ; : conference on radar meteorology 22nd zurich switzerland & hellip ;   1984.0 
gentrification in recession : social change in six canadian inner cities : 1981â ?? 1986 d ley urban geography    
the nonlinear membrane energy : variational derivation under the constraint â ?? detâ ?? u = 0â ?? o anza hafsa jp mandallena    
mining generalized association rules r srikant r agrawal  1995.0 
interactive quantitative multispectral imaging in analytical microscopy p ingram da kopf a lefurgey microbeam analysis proc . 28th ann . meeting new orleans la  
youth suicide risk and sexual orientation adolescence-san diego - pa rutter e soucar  2002.0 
the exodus optimizer generator procs g graefe d dewitt acm sigmod ( san francisco may  
mining association rules between sets of items in large databases . 1993 proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of r agrawal t imielinski a swami   
maize and grain sorghum : southern africa r kfir see ref  
on the complexity of division and set joins in the relational algebra d leinders j van den bussche    
implementing microsoft windows 2000 professional and server delivery guide d davis   2000.0 
colin d nash noaa seattle washington ( brief telephone discussion ) & hellip ;  
chemokinesis in paramecium : a genetic approach 1976.0 jl van houten   
managing conflict in the workplace electronic design p varhol   
architecture of a new microprocessor bl peuto ieee computer    
required speeds of fossil fuel phase-out under a 2 degree c global warming limit f krause   1990.0 
voci e istanze narrative nelle metamorfosi di ovidio . a barchiesi  md  
global connections . media corner . ja braunâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
evaluating data mining procedures : techniques for generating artificial data sets 1999.0 pd scott e wilkins information and software technology  
goverance ownership and corporate entrepreneurship : the moderating impact of industry sa zahra the academy of management journal   1996.0 
nonlinear functional analysis and its applications i : fixed-point theorems e zeidler   1993.0 
visual data mining in atmospheric science data data mining and knowledge discovery m macãªdo d cook tj brown  2000.0 
a dynamic programming approach to optimal integrated code generation c kessler a bednarski    
e ã © dition da solomon et me russinovich inmiw indows   2000.0 
guidelines for designing information visualization applications d carr proceedings of ecue    
from microphysics to macrophysics r balian  1991.0 
agreement among judges of personality : interpersonal relations similarity and acquaintanceship dc funder dc kolar mc blackman 1995.0  journal of personality and social psychology  
cryst . lattice defects amorph . mater 1987.0 f rodriguez m moreno a tressaud jp chaminade   
industrial strength exception freedom 2002.0 r chapman p amey proceedings of acm sigada  
provided free of charge by the nill/narf boulder co il bulletins   
intralist repetition effects in free recall f zaromb mw howard e dolan yb sirotin a 2004.0    
carbon nanotubes in electron donor-acceptor nanocomposites dm guldi gma rahman f zerbetto m prato acc . chem . res   2005.0 
the automated will : nonconscious activation and pursuit of behavioral goals ja bargh pm gollwitzer a lee-chai k barndollar journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0    
precise and efficient static array bound checking for large embedded c programs a venet g brat   
en varian hr ( 1999 ) information rules c shapiro  a strategie guide to the network  
soft selection in random global adaptation in rna biocybernetic model of development r galar  1990.0 
maintaining views incrementally a gupta    
plasma process . polym 2004.0 l baars-hibbe p sichler c schrader kh gericke   
emotions and contentious politics r aminzade d mcadam  mobilization-san diego - 2002.0 
will wright on the secret of sims ca mangis  pc magazine  
applying the model to a variety of adult learning situations . ds bassett l jackson new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
content version 4.0 [ s ] ddk winnt    
big five factors and facets and the prediction of behavior sv paunonen mc ashton 2001.0  journal of personality and social psychology  
the influence of people on the dune vegetation at coal oil point reserve santa barbara county cl boyce master &#39; s thesis university of california santa barbara    
schneider r seeger b. the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n berkmann k hp proc . of the acm sigmod conf . atlantic    
jc â ?? a rule-based view of query optimieation â ?? â ?? proc . acm szgmod f freytag   
lagrangean relaxation and constraint generation procedures for capacitated plant location problems j barcelo ã ? hallefjord e fernandez k jã ¶ rnsten or spectrum 1990.0 
postnatal phenobarbitone for the prevention of intraventricular hemorrhage in preterm infants a whitelaw 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev  
multiresolution terrain database visualization k xu    
andangelasgori . 1992 . activelearning : perspectives on learning that leads to personal development new directions for adult and continuing la cavaliere   
1994 . multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkho hp kriegel r schneider b seeger  proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
l. wang theconcept ofrelevanttimescales andits applicationtoqueuing analysis of self-similartrac al neidhardt andj proc . acm    
dce extending practical pre-aggregation in on-line analytical processing proceedings of the 25th international conference on very tb pedersen cs jensen   
consistency for elimination of covert channels in real-time secure transaction processing systems journal of research and practice in information technology n kim s moon y sohn  2004.0 
framework adaption via active cockbooks and framework construction via relations w pree   1994.0 
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us s davies 2000.0  bt technology journal  
openpm : an enterprise business process flow management system m shan acmsigmodint . conf . management of data industrialsession & hellip ;  
protecting privacy in remote-patient monitoring a kara    
tourism as a community industry : an ecological model of tourism development pe murphy tourism management  
s. 1981 d falconer introduction to quantitative    
efficient and effective cluster method for spatial data mining r ng j han  proceedings of the 20th international conference of very & hellip ;  
a novel growth and cell cycle-regulated protein activates human cdc7-related kinase and is essential h kumagai n sato m yamada d mahony w seghezzi 1998.0    
the qualitative-quantitative debate : new perspectives . cs reichardt sf rallisâ ? ¦ 1994.0  new directions for program evaluation  
an automated technique for designing optimal performance ims data bases v roach  acm sigmod record 1974.0 
querying multidimensional databases l cabibbo r torlone    
the escrow transactional method pe o'neil acm transactions on database systems   1986.0 
packet timed token service discipline : a scheduling algorithm based on the dual-class paradigm for computer networks 2002.0 l lenzini e mingozzi g stea   
mathematics and geography geography jp cole   
effective personalization of push-type systems - visualizing information freshness 1998.0 h sakagami t kamba a sugiura y koseki www7 / computer networks  
calbindin d-28k-immunoreactivity in rat muscle spindles during postnatal maturation and after 1992.0 m hietanen-peltola m pelto-huikko l rechardt t the histochemical journal  
ti . p. kriegel and b. seeger : '' efficient processing of spatial join using r-trees t brinkhoff proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod    
inc. â ?? dynamic content acceleration : a caching solution to enable scalable dynamic web page c technologies proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on mgmt . of data  
database support for efficiently maintaining derived data . acms anthology   
global perspectives in a new world . teacher 's resources . social studies and the young learner 1994.0 ph porterâ ? ¦   
on extending the functions of a relational database system rl haskin ra lorie   
improving military helicopter supportability with the integrated mechanical diagnostics ( imd ) health rc muldoon re hayden  european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
survival analysis dg kleinbaum 1996.0    
numerical simulation of the bk 117/ec 145 fuselage flow field e schoell european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
preparing for the columbian quincentennial : an annotated bibliography ( part ii ) . ll neilsen gr neilsen  social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
standard benchmarks for database systems c levine jm stephens jr d dewitt acm sigmod  
type inference in the polymorphic relational algebra j van den bussche e waller proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst   1999.0 
anti-ige for chronic asthma in adults and children s walker m monteil k phelan t lasserson e cochrane database syst rev 2004.0    
impact of hepatitis c in long-functioning renal transplants : a clinicopathological follow-up transplantation proceedings 1993.0 jm morales ma munoz g castellano f colina   
a search for evidence of non-thermal emission from the supernova remnants 37a/b r oliversen  2002.0 
memory systems for parallel programming 1996.0 be richards   
r. agrawal mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables r srikant proc . 1996 . i c. \ \ i-sig . \ \ iod int . c &#39; on f. . \ \ lanagernent of    
maintaining consistency in partitioned replicated databases a el abadi s toueg acm transactions on database systems    
the moral and ethical teachings of zarathushtra m navroji   1928.0 
e-mailâ ?? s double-edged sword b cole-gomolski  computerworld  
caterpillars : a context specification technique 1999 submitted for a bruggemann-klein d wood   
evaluating information systems investment proposals : a comparative review of current methodologies information and software technology e berghout t renkema   
achttausender r messner a ã?berlebt    
the effects of uterine ligaments on fetal injury risk in frontal automobile crashes d moorcroft j stitzel s duma g duma  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2003.0 
finite groups of outer automorphisms of a free group m culler contributions to group    
geography 's five fundamental themes . social studies and the young learner 1988.0 bj winston   
generalized transport threshold model of neoclassical tearing modes sv konovalov ab mikhailovskii ms shirokov vs    
advanced routing in changing technology landscape hks leung   
global technology diffusion and the american research university . tc collins sa tillmanâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   1988.0 
exploiting a history database for backup d lomet b salzberg   
changing the corporate culture . jb kashner new directions for higher education   1990.0 
cockpit display of traffic information w johnson v battiste  demonstration cd . flight deck display research group nasa  
prefixspan : mining sequential patterns efficiently by prefix-projected pattern growth cs.ualberta.ca 17th international conference on data engineering    
a comparative perspective on the causes of terrorism 1998.0 r gupta international studies-bombay then new delhi -  
managing legitimacy : strategic and institutional approaches mc suchman 1995.0  the academy of management review  
anne theodore roosevelt edina minnesota : abdo publishing 1999 nn welsbacher   
firm and worker heterogeneity and employer-employee matched data in the national longitudinal survey jm abowd h finer unpublished manuscript    
book review column k aberer sigmod   2002.0 
organizational career stage as a moderator of the satisfaction-performance relationship the academy of management journal s gould bl hawkins  1978.0 
promoting a global perspective . children 's literature . t mcgowanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
human resource management manufacturing strategy and firm performance ma youndt sa snell jw dean jr dp lepak  the academy of management journal 1996.0 
microsoft corporation h. robinson intelligent search test group . applying models in your testing s rosaria  information and software  
higher-order factors of the big five jm digman  journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
techniques for the interruption of tubal patency for female sterilisation jm nardin r kulier m boulvain cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
an advanced on-line wind resource prediction system for the optimal management of wind parks g kariniotakis d mayer cd-proceedings of the medpower conference athens greece    
a generalization of fenchel conjugation giving generalized lagrangians and symmetric nonconvex po lindberg  proc . int .  
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access mehod for points and rectangles t brinkhoff hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm sigmod    
object-oriented querrying of existing relational databases da keim hp kriegel a miethsam    
managing user expectation f hayes computerworld    
the outreach impact and sustainability of group-based credit : empirical evidence from rural chile s hauge 1998.0    
real-time rendering of plant leaves l wang w wang j dorsey x yang b guo hy shum 2005.0  proceedings of acm siggraph 2005  
xml : how it will be applied to digital library systems hh kim  electronic library 2000.0 
regional ground-water quality : van nostrand reinhold new york wm alley   
an annotated bibliography of grasp p festa mgc resende  operations research  
corrections : perspectives on research policy and impact 1975.0 jw newton pg zimbardo   
block algorithms for fast fourier transform on vector and parallel computer m hegland    
evidence of energetic reaction between helium and hydrogen species in rf generated plasmas j phillips c chen   
linux deepening its canadian foothold computerworld rb patrick   
biomedical journals and the world wide web d schoonbaert  electronic library 1998.0 
managing knowledge about information system evolution m jarke t rose    
morse â ?? m hopper csp demonstration  
a study of concurrency control in real-time active database systems ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering a datta sh son  2002.0 
perspectives on pricing . lh litten 1986.0  new directions for higher education  
pitt and wilhelm phil . mag b mclennan   
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us a steventon 2000.0  bt technology journal  
investigation on emission characteristics of a compression ignition engine with oxygenated fuels and 2000.0 hw wang zh huang lb zhou dm jiang zl yang proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;  
computation of nonlinear turbulent free surface flows using the parallel uncle code m beddhu r pankajakshan my jiang m remotigue c proceedings of the 23rd symposium on naval hydrodynamicsâ ?? & hellip ;    
constraintlisp : an object-oriented constraint programming language ' b liu yw ku 1992.0  acm sigplan notices  
secure network management by delegation j schoenwaelder  computer networks  
an algebraic approach to rule analysis in expert database systems e baralis j widom proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
retargeting motion to new characters proc . of acm m gleisher   
freshwater mollusks of the upper sacramento system california with particular reference to the tj frest ej johannes  deixis consultants seattle washington  
industrial panel on data warehousing technologies : experiences challenges and directions proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ; u dayal  1999.0 
a divide-and-conquer strategy for shallow parsing of german free texts g neumann c braun j piskorski proceedings of anlp-2000 seattle washington 2000.0 
global ventures and alliances n milway  bt technology journal 2000.0 
microphysical properties of single and mixed-phase arctic clouds derived from ground-based aeri dd turner   2003.0 
income inequality bust to boom b nolan b maitre   
e-business essentials mp graven pc  
secure computation s micali p rogaway  unpublished manuscript  
minos 5.4 release notes appendix to minos 5.1 userâ ?? s guide b murtagh m saunders technical report stanford university  
in : soft x-ray optics and technology e pfeffermann ug briel h hippmann g kettenring proc . spie    
universal plug and play in windows xp t fout   
what went wrong at oxford health ? computerworld j champy   
cost-benefit analysis and business case analysis of usability engineering proceedings of acm chi c karat   
data mining as selective theory extraction in probabilistic logic m jaeger h mannila e weydert   
census of marine life : fishing industry perspectives tj lassen oceanography-washington dc-oceanography society -   1999.0 
updating knowledge bases while maintaining consistency e teniente a olivã ©  the vldb  
culture and imperialism e said    
privacy-preserving mining of association rules v krishnan i mumbai s agrawal i bangalore j   
calculation of transonic laminar and turbulent flow past a delta wing helsinki university of p kaurinkoski t siikonen    
algorithms for an optimal a * search and linearizing the search in the stack decoder db paul   
bodhi : a database habitat for bio-diversity information sj bedathur a kadlag jr haritsa  proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the n-end rule pathway of protein degradation a varshavsky 1997.0  genes to cells  
an architecture to extend the iec model for distributed control applications k thramboulidis    
frontal lobe functioning in adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder wv reeve sl schandler 2001.0  adolescence-san diego -  
laser irradiance propagation in turbulent media ieee proceedings am prokhorov fv bunkin ks gochelashvili vi  1975.0 
phylip users manual v3 . 4 university of washington seattle j felsenstein   
geobotanic researsch of skiathos island e oikonomidou  1969.0 
data mining for web intelligence j han    
a test microchip for evaluation of hermetic packaging technology for biomedical prosthetic implants m kazemi e basham m sivaprakasam g wang d   
masterâ ?? s carpet hc atwood    
the rhizosphere 1985.0 ea curl b truelove   
field-flow fractionation-inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry : a powerful new analytical r beckett at . spectrosc    
fast algorithms for mining association rules in large databasesâ '' bocca jb jarke m. zaniolo c. r agrawal r srikant & hellip ; conference on very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 94 ) santiago de  
concurrency control and recovery for balanced b-link trees i jaluta s sippu e soisalon-soininen 2005.0  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;  
reflecting on â ?? the limits to capitalâ ?? d harvey annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;    
efficient user-adaptable similarity search in large multimedia databases proc . 23th int . conf . on vldb s thomas h kriegel   
vdd-a vlsi design database c chu jp kc ph fishbum ye liem engineering design application proceedings from sigmod & hellip ;    
fast algorithms for mining association rules in large databases 1994.0 r agrawal r srikant   
charakterystyka petrograficzczno-mineralogiczna zuzli metalurgicznych a muszer 1996.0  fizykochemiczne problemy mineralurgii  
prevention of vitamin a deficiency see ref ba underwood   
computer aided manufacturing of composite complex shape helicopter structural elements by robot s cantoni f de nicola g di vita g totaro m european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0    
mining sequential patterns across data streams g chen x wu x zhu    
on the change of form of long waves advancing in a rectangular canal and on a new type of long dj korteweg g de vries phil . mag    
the gmap : a versatile tool for physical data independence og tsatalos mh solomon ye ioannidis the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
privacy in data systems - group of 4 & raquo ; r agrawal  proceedings of the twenty-second acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ; 2003.0 
some algebraic and geometric computations in pspace j canny proceedings of the twentieth annual acm symposium on theory & hellip ; 1988.0 
radical biology : advances and perspectives on the function of plant roots . american society of plant he flores jp lynch d eissenstat md  
fast algorithmsforminingassociation rules ra ramakrishnansrikant proceedings of the 20th vldb conference  
fast photomosaic g di blasi m petralia poster proceedings of 2005.0 
new product search over time : past ideas in their prime ? r katila    
secure real-time transaction processing jr haritsa b george   
microscopy research and techniques y chen d pope   
a new method to test gluten quality w sietz  cereal science and technology . proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
grammatik in gebruik-duits intertaal antwerpen 1999 r luscher    
properties of the groupby/aggregate relational operator technical report microsoft 2001 . mm joshi ca galindo-legaria   
europe safeguards privacy m betts    
methods of organic chemistry i guben book i  
e-business process modeling : the next big step s aissi p malu    
environmental ethical decision making in the us metal-finishing industry bl flannery dr may academy of management journal 2000.0 
the nurbs book wt les piegl  springer verlag  
a meta-analysis of the predictors of adult offender recidivism : what works ! university of new p gendreau t little c goggin unpublished manuscript  
effective clustering methods for spatial data mining rt ng jh efficient  & hellip ; . of twentieth international conference on very large data & hellip ;  
gear rattle modelling and analysis for automotive manual transmissions my wang r manoj w zhao  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
, dt solomon mh tan ck tsatalos og white sj zwilling mj : shoring up persistent applications sigmod ( siehe sig94 ] ) s. mj carey dj dewitt mj franklin   
a review of spinal immobilization techniques 1996.0 ra de lorenzo journal of emergency medicine  
logical logging to extend recovery to new domains d lomet mr tuttle   
myocardial hypertrophy in chronic renal failure : a multifactorial reversible alteration 1996.0 g cannella e paoletti contributions to nephrology  
parallel algorithms for the execution of relational database operations acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 d bitton h boral dj dewitt wk wilkinson   
dnabootâ ?? bootstrap confidence intervals on dna parsimony 3.1 seattle : university of washington j felsenstein   
sporen tekens letters m andersch   
programming collaborative web applications with microsoft exchange 2000 server m martin    
an integrated visualization system for surgical planning and guidance using image fusion and dt gering a nabavi r kikinis wel grimson n lecture notes in computer science 1999.0    
on the form of free triode vibrations b van der pol hv appleton  phil . mag  
soft computing-a tool for building intelligent systems b azvine n azarmi kc tsui  bt technology journal  
verifying probabilistic water supply outlooks for the potomac river basin ss schwartz proc . 28th conf . and symp . on managing water resources & hellip ;  
learning patterns of landscape and life de clover lh hill new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
modeling the impacts of reservoir emptying . energy and water : sustainable development a petitjean jp maurel jp bouchard jc galland proceedings of theme d water for a changing global & hellip ;    
fast np chunking using memory-based learning techniques j veenstra proceedings of benelearn 1998.0    
recovery of newfoundland benthic marine communities from sea ice r hooper  proc . int . seaweed symp  
subextremal functions and lattice programming m li calzi a veinott 1992.0    
. mathworks inc. 1999 m inc    
magneto-rheological fluid dampers for semi-active s eismic control jd carson   
gt-cats as a model of pilot behavior in the ` glass cockpit ' : an application and empirical evaluation tj callantine cm mitchell ea palmer  submitted for publication  
studies on some factors affecting pig meat quality g malmfors proc . 28th europ . meeting meat res . workers    
gflops qr processor on a xilinx virtex-e fpgaâ ?? spie san diego rl walke rwm smith g lightbody   
extending logic programming d vermeir e laenens d sacca proceedings of the sigmod  
e. and wong e. ( 1987 ) . query optimization by simulated annealing y ioannidis & hellip ; sigmod international conference on management of data and    
users loathe to share their know-how b cole-gomolski computerworld  
discrete orthogonal transforms and neural networks for image interpolation m oravec j polec radioengineering-prague - 1999.0    
s-plus 4.5 for windows i math soft mathsoft seattle washington    
creating and maintaining team-taught interdisciplinary general education mb seabury ka barrett  new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
managing intervals efficiently inobject-relational databases hp kriegel m pã ¶ tke t seidl  proc . 26thint . conf . on very large databases ( vldb )  
mining periodic patterns with gap requirement from sequences m zhang b kao dw cheung ky yip proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0    
srikant . r. fast algorithms for mining association rules & hellip ; conference very large databases santiago chile r agrawal   
the river ( little brown boston 1999 ) e hooper    
quasineutral limit of the drift diffusion models for semiconductors : the case of general sign - submitted for publication s wang  2004.0 
tutorial on cluster discovery methods for large bases a hinneburg da keim proc . of acm sigmod conf . on data management  
java databse connectivity computerworld c sliwa   
self-similarity in world wide web m crovella a bestravos evidence and possible causes . ieee/acm trans . on networking  
a study of exception handling and its dynamic optimization in java t ogasawara h komatsu t nakatani    
good a graph-oriented database system m gemis j paredaens i thyssens jv bussche  proceedings of sigmod sigmod  
developing geographic literacy : an annotated list of children 's literature . pull-out feature ii . lk rogers k bromley  social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
extend algebra and caculus for nested relational databases [ j ] ma roth hf korth a silbersehatz acm tods    
low dose botulinum toxin a is effective in focal hyperhidrosis op kreyden r schaffner g burg   
wireless beyond 3g : managing services and network resources p demestichas l papadopoulou v stavroulaki m   
mitogen-activated protein kinase p38 defines the common senescence-signalling pathway genes to cells 2003.0 h iwasa j han f ishikawa   
on a universal tendency in nature to the dissipation of mechanical energy phil . mag w thomson   
transparent fuzzy systems : modeling and control a riid    
rl b rownell jr. and gk silber . 1998 . recovery plan for the blue whale ( balaenoptera musculus ) . rr reeves pj clapham   
collision-free accumulators and fail-stop signature schemes without trees n baric b pfitzmann lecture notes in computer science 1997.0    
paris metro pricing proc . 1999 acm conf . electronic a odlyzko   
mining association rules between sets of items in 5 a recent industry survey found that on average r agrawal t imielinski a swami proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
mining generalized association rules and sequential patterns using sql queries s thomas s sarawagi   
measurement of cell proliferation in gastric carcinoma : comparative analysis of ki-67 and jc rosa r mendes mi filipe rw morris the histochemical journal   1992.0 
efficient transparent application recovery in client-server information systems sigmod conference d lomet g weikum  1998.0 
rule-based view of query optimization procs f freytag a jc  acm sigmod ( san francisco may  
hm da keim and h.-p . kriegel â ?? a cost model for nearest neighbor search â ?? s berchtold c bo  proc . 16th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . on principles of  
managing the search for new product concepts : a strategic approach nw mcguinness ha conway  r & d management  
applying an update method to a set of receivers u antwerp    
srikant â ?? fastalgorithmsforminingassociationrules â ?? inint r agrawalandr  conf . vldb santiago chile sept  
muromskii et al. â ?? decontamination of the coolant in the holding ponds of nuclear plants by lm sharygin ve moiseev a yu  at .  
l. hammond rp and c s ridgway  kb lee â ?? experimental demonstration of the feasibility of & hellip ;  
optimization of dynamic query execution plans proc . of the acm sigmod int . r cole g graefe   
performance tests of erne hed sensor [ abstract only ] e valtonen j peltonen t eronen jj torsti m  in oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of & hellip ; 1991.0 
free energy surfaces from single-molecule force spectroscopy . g hummer a szabo acc . chem . res   2005.0 
a back-extraction procedure for the dithiocarbamate solvent extraction method . rapid determination analytical and bioanalytical chemistry s sachsenberg t klenke we krumbein e zeeck  1992.0 
fast algorithems for association rules r agrawal r srikant  proc . of 20th vldb conference  
case study : mantle convection visualization on the cray t3d js painter hp bunge y livnat proceedings visualization &#39; 96 1996.0    
cutoff for n-tuples of exponentially converging processes j barrera b lachaud b ycart  2005.0 
microsoft sql server 2000 ( tm ) performance tuning technical reference [ z ] e whalen m garcia  2001.0 
hello world ! a guide for transmitting multilingual electronic mail s au proceedings of the 23rd annual acm siguccs conference on & hellip ; 1995.0    
commutative algebra with a view toward algebraic geometry volume 150 of graduate texts in d eisenbud   1995.0 
interventions to improve compliance with continuous positive airway pressure for obstructive sleep m haniffa tj lasserson i smith cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
a new approach for long term monitoring of deformations by differential sar interferometry s usai   2001.0 
comparative embryology of angiosperms 1992.0 bm johri kb ambegaokar ps srivastava   
jr. sms 1998 . little-jil 1.0 language report ae wise bs lerner ek mc call r podorozhny lj technical report 98-24 ( apr ) university of massachusetts at    
near-drowning-associated aeromonas pneumonia pt ender mj dolan d dolan jc farmer gp melcher journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
on the materialization of webviews a labrinidis n roussopoulos   
embeddings of small generalized polygons ja thas h van maldeghem  to  
will social security and medicare remain viable as the us population is aging ? h bohn    
the south korean image of the world and the world image of korea tf saarinen hh kim cl maccabe  geography  
the archaeology of india 1982.0 dp agrawal   
after the eruption : managing conflict in the classroom sa holton new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
nursing-physician communication breakdown : is it a basis for nurse liability ? je george ms quattrone m goldstone 1996.0    
wildfire risk assessment guide for homeowners in the southern united states a long c randall unpublished manuscript   2003.0 
guanxi and its managerial implications for western firms in china : a case study wp wu  international conference on management issues for china in & hellip ;  
an optimal control approach to real-time vehicle guidance m vogel o von stryk r bulirsch tm wolter c  submitted for  
molecular selforganisation in a developmental model for the evolution of large-scale artificial h bolouri r adams s george ag rust procs of the int . conf . on neural information processing and & hellip ;    
an architecture and data model for cad databases ap buchmann vldb 1985.0    
what causes public assistance caseloads to grow ? the journal of human resources rm blank  2001.0 
introduction background and international perspectives : korean history culture and education sj paik  international journal of educational research 2001.0 
hyperinflation and convertibility-based stabilization in argentina aj canavese contributions to economic analysis 1993.0    
rã ¶ ntgenologische erfolgstatistik von wurzelbehandlungen hp staub  1963.0 
approximations for a multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkhoff hp kriegel   
career choice factors of high school students m borchert  2002.0 
a study to determine the material to be included in a reference book for welders and fabricators j will  2003.0 
conference tutorial notes : data mining techniques j han proceedings of acm sigmod international    
the hbpi / - tree : a modified hb-tree supporting concurrency recovery and node consolidation b salzberg d lomet g evangelidis   
leap : final report on ohioâ ?? s welfare initiative to improve school attendance among teenage parents 1997.0 d long j gueron r wood r fisher v fellerath   
conceptual modeling of web service conversations b benatallah f casati f toumani r hamadi   
managing flexibility in a maketo-order environment e bish a muriel s biller 2001.0    
active placebos versus antidepressants for depression 2004.0 j moncrieff s wessely r hardy cochrane database syst rev  
union organization and changing demographics : a study about activism 1994.0 fe gapasin   
rate hike predicted for business users . p hirsch computerworld. 1982.0 
sdl-based specification and testing strategy for communication network protocols o monkevich  proc . 9 thsdl forum montreal canada june  
hypermagnesemia-induced fatality following epsom salt gargles rb birrer aj shallash v totten journal of emergency medicine   2002.0 
analysis of bio-optical variability related to physical processes on the southern new england 1999.0 gc chang   
the human impact on the environment . geography s metcalfe  1991.0 
5.0 ppc p fit quantum soft zurich switzerland  
a study of the flight safety under imc 1999.0 y kumamoto h fujimoto t amano k kobayashi european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings.  
dynamic content acceleration : a caching solution to enable scalable dynamic web page generation kdkrh thomas a datta d vandermeer proceeding of the fifteenth acm symposium on operating & hellip ;  
a internet based service for patient compliance to disease treatment xh wang rsh istepanian  proceedings of the 25 thannual international conference of  
efficiently mining long patterns from datasets rj bayardo  proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data  
a global emergency s rupley pc magazine  
semantics based synchronization in database systems 1993.0 v krishnaswamy   
rule handling in the day-to-day resource management problem : an object-oriented approach kx thrampoulidis c goumopoulos e housos  information and software technology 1997.0 
the operating performance of seasoned equity issuers : free cash flow and post-issue performance r mclaughlin a safieddine gk vasudevan    
implementation of the epsilon dataflow processor proceedings of the 23rd hawaii international conference on & hellip ; vg grafe je hoch   
on six degrees of separation in dblp-db and more e elmacioglu d lee sigmod record 2005.0 
study of triaxial creep testing method and model for creep deformation on sedimentary soft rocks [ a ] k hayano m matsmoto  proc . of the 29th symp . of rock mechsl ] : [ sn ] 1999  
the colonial situation : a theoretical approach see ref g balandier   
heterogeneous constraint solving f benhamou 1996.0  lecture notes in computer science  
six sigma the pragmatic approach ( 2 nded . ) lund : studentlitteratur k magnusson d kroslid b bergman  2003.0 
update propagation strategies to improve data freshness in lazy master schemes e pacitti e simon vldb journal 1999.0 
â ?? the strip rule system for efficiently maintaining derived data & rdquo b adelberg h garcia-molina j widom  proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . management of data  
eternal values for a changing society s ranganathananda 1971.0    
long-term trends in the ionosphere and upper atmosphere parameters : results derived in the wp 1.5 of j bremerâ ? ¦ natl. obs . of athens spetses island greece    
dan duchamp . ip-based protocols for mobile internetworking [ a ] proceedings of acm sigcomm j ioannidis   
erp flops point to user 's plans c stedman computerworld  
estar pstar and astar : computer programs for calculating stopping-power and range tables for mj berger js coursey ma zucker    
evaluation of concurrency control strategies for mixed soft real-time database systems ky lam tw kuo b kao tsh lee r cheng   
an attempt to extend the ati technique to estimate convective rain volumes using satellite data ( ( aa doneaud jr miller  conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
the hot-blooded insects b heinrich  1993.0 
current research on real-time databases o ulusoy sigmod record   1992.0 
what drives quality at intel ? electronic hg willett   
effects of sequential context on judgments and decisions in prisonerâ ?? s dilemma game i vlaev n chater    
cultivation of seaweeds for hydrocolloids waste treatment and biomass for energy conversion proc . int . seaweed symp jh ryther ja deboer be lapointe   
moby : an architecture for distributed expert database systems 1987.0 j bein r king vldb  
on the complementarity of workflow management and business process modeling s jablonski acm sigois bulletin 1995.0 
recovery of high current arcs at higher voltages f unger-weber thesis technical university braunschweig  
using rough sets to study expert behaviour in induction of labour & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems d parry wk yeap n pattison  1998.0 
new strategies to promote stable employment and career progression : an introduction to the d bloom j anderson m wavelet kn gardiner me 2002.0    
active rules for xml : a new paradigm for e-services a bonifati s ceri s paraboschi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
multiple channel model for the prediction of subjective image quality c zetzsche g hauske proc . spie 1989.0 
mining quantitative association rules in large tables r srikant r agrawal    
on the performance of orthogonal source separation algorithms jf cardosoâ ? ¦   
supplemental instruction in the content areas : humanities s zerger new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
amdâ ?? s 486 clone ready but will it sell ? computerworld r pastore   
evolution of primate brains : a comparative anatomical perspective h stephan see tuttle  
a real-time multiple lane tracker for an autonomous road vehicle procs . kp wershofen v graefe   
data compression and database performance g graefe l shapiro    
estimating progress of execution for sql queries s chaudhuri v narasayya r ramamurthy proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0    
mentoring in the technical disciplines : fostering a broader view of education career and culture rm marra rn pangborn new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
changing responses to water resource problems in england and wales r cryer geography   1995.0 
a modest model of records inheritance and bounded quantification k bruce g longo    
continuity and change in geography textbooks : perspectives from the 1930s to the 1960s geography we marsden   
privacy-preserving data mining : developments and directions b thuraisingham journal of database    
radio propagation for digital cordless telephones at 1700 mhz and 900 mhz fc owen cd pudney  electronic letters 1989.0 
building coalitions for faculty revitalization : the case of long island university 's brooklyn campus new directions for teaching and learning b braid  1993.0 
book embeddings of graphs and a theorem of whitney pc kainen s overbay   
tools for printing indexes jl bentley bw kernighan   
teaching social studies creatively . social studies and the young learner 1989.0 w solomon   
afterword : reflections on the college presidency . d reisman new directions for higher education   1996.0 
prospector : a content-based multimedia server for massively parallel architectures sigmod record 1996.0 g au a biliris h chen s choo k ganapathy g   
software development goes global computerworld gh anthes   
on max-min fairness and scheduling in wireless ad-hoc networks : analytical framework and xl huang b bensaou  proceedings 2001.0 
preparing students for assessment in the on-line class ml ford  new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
a comparative view of assessment centers : a case analysis rj klimoski wj strickland unpublished manuscript    
scaling replica maintenance in intermittently synchronized databases wg yee mj donahoo sb navathe proc . acm cikm    
developing and managing adult education budgets . cg ericksen new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0    
merge strategies for multiple case plan replay lecture notes in computer science mm veloso  1997.0 
a study of career development programs in wisconsin municipal police agencies gl everts   2001.0 
ayguad e e. heuristics for register-constrained software pipelining j llosa m valero proc . of the 29th annual int . symp . on microarchitecture (    
theoretical perspectives on instructional problems rj menges m svinicki  new directions for teaching and learning  
a rapidly moving small rock glacier at the lower limit of the mountain permafrost belt in the swiss a ikeda n matsuoka a kã $ ã $ b  8th international permafrost conference zurich switzerland  
social conflict social support and psychological distress : evidence of cross-domain buffering sj lepore journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
the forum project : network conferencing and its future applications computer networks j vallee   
introduction to the physical principles of differential geometry 1999.0 ld raigorodski pc stavrinos v balan   
transabdominal pre-peritoneal ( tapp ) vs totally extraperitoneal ( tep ) laparoscopic techniques for 2005.0 b wake k mccormack c fraser l vale j perez a cochrane database syst rev  
microsoft index tuning wizard forsql server 7.0 proc . of sigmod s chaudhuri vr narasayya   
industry perspectives on the impact of it and e-commerce proceedings of the 3rd international conference on & hellip ; k ruikar cj anumba pm carrillo   
a comparative overview : civic education across six societies p morris j cogan  international journal of educational research 2001.0 
suresha and k. ramamritham . proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world a datta k dutta h thomas d vandermeer proceedings of sigmod-2002    
a normal form for xml documents acm tans m arenas l libkin  database syst  
synovial hemangioma of the knee demonstration by arthrography and arteriography . ajr j forrest tw staple   
staffing policy as a strategic response : a typology of career systems the academy of management review 1988.0 ja sonnenfeld ma peiperl   
epilogue : a cautionary note about on-line assessment new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 rt bothel   
new tasks for teachers : the changing personnel . new directions for higher education re eckert  1973.0 
the hb-tree : a multiattribute indexing method with good guaranteed performance b salzberg acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
the kinetics of capillary rise phil . mag e rideal   
enhanced spot noise for vector field visualization wc de leeuw jj van wijk proceedings visualization   1995.0 
i am . chem . soc . 1999 121 4982 ; g ) se denmark ra stavenger se denmark  acc . chem . res  
on the complexity of mining quantitative association rules j wijsen r meersman data mining and knowledge discovery 1998.0 
agrawal r. ming generalized association rules [ c ] r srikant proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;    
analysis of telomerase and telomeres methods molecular genetics jw shay d brasiskyte m ouellette ma piatyszek  1994.0 
graph algorithms for geometric constraint solving a lomonosov m sitharam 2004.0    
damage tolerance in helicopter airframes - is crack growth practical ? european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 ml overd   
intelligent animated agents for interactive language training r cole t carmell p connors m macon j wouters  unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
visualization reference models ( panel position statement ) d bergeron proceedings of ieee visualization gm nielson and d. & hellip ;  
three perspectives on school reform 1993.0 a sen jb vaughn t flanagan new directions for program evaluation  
mining association rules r agrawal r srikant proc . of the 21 stvldb conf . zurich switzerland    
the expanding brown bear population of slovenia : a chance for bear recovery in the southeastern alps m adamic international conference on bear research and management    
visual data mining tutorial da keim international conference on very large databases  
expert system stalks killers . aj ryan computerworld.   1987.0 
an overview of good acm sigmod record 1992.0 j paredaens j van den bussche m andries m gemis   
database tuning advisor for microsoft sql server 2005 s agrawal s chaudhuri l kollar a marathe v proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
the six dimensions of standards : contribution toward a theory of standardisation 7th e baskin k krechmer mh sheriff international conference on management of technology    
h. ward â ?? dynamic query evaluation plansâ ?? g graefe  proc . of acm  
adaptive strategy selection in decision making : the learning rule theory j rieskamp pe otto submitted for    
broadcast protocals to support efficient retrieval from database by mobile users d anindya ev debra c aslihan k vijay  acm tods  
mlr : a recovery method for multi-level systems db lomet   
the gmap : a versatile tool for physical data independence g odysseas mh solomon ye ioannidist   
bestimmung von rauheiten at book rcm schrã ¶ der   
are there two types of static gamma fusimotor neurones ia boyd mh gladden fi sutherland proc . int . congr . physiol . sci. 29th canberra australia  
embedding finitely generated abelian lattice-ordered groups : higmanâ ?? s theorem and a realisation of amw glass v marra  submitted for  
it can happen to you : the firsthand accounts of six nurses accused of and disciplined for s laduke  journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 
efficacy of permethrin-impregnated uniforms in the prevention of malaria and leishmaniasis in j soto f medina n dember journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables [ c ] r sfikant r agrawal proceedings of the acm-sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
quantitative feedback theory i horowitz iee proceedings   1982.0 
an efficient cost-driven index tuning wizard for microsoft sql server s chaudhuri v narasayya  23rd international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
elementary processes in hydrogen-helium plasmas rk janevâ ? ¦  1987.0 
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us 1997.0 ig dufour bt technology journal  
the analytical work of the office of technology assessment 1992.0 ea hildes new directions for program evaluation  
emotional labor in service roles : the influence of identity 1993.0 be ashforth rh humphrey the academy of management review  
a new dual wavelength hail signal derived from differential reflectivity ( zdr ) dual polarization k aydin ta seliga vn bringi 1984.0  conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland  
computer-aided analytical processing of photograph and stereopair measurements ( analiticheskaia dp korablev geodeziia i kartografiia   1990.0 
a fast shaded-polygon renderer rw swanson lj thayer    
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining j shafer r agrawal m mehta vldb   1996.0 
distributed constraint satisfaction submitted for a arora mg gouda g varghese   
high-dimensional olap : a minimal cubing approach x li j han h gonzalez   
students ' perspectives on their master 's degree experiences : disturbing the conventional wisdom cf conrad km duren jg haworth new directions for higher education 1998.0 
mining quantitative association rules in large relation tables proceedings of acm sigmod conference of management of data r sirkant r agrawal   
comparison of four methods of on-line identification and controller tuning o taiwo & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1993.0 
algorithms for mining association rules in bag databases py hsu yl chen cc ling information sciencesâ ?? informatics and computer science : an & hellip ;   2004.0 
advertising r & d expenditures and the market value of the firm kw chauvin m hirschey   
managing change to btâ ?? s operational support systems m evans bt technology journal 1997.0    
women 's career development at the glass ceiling 1998.0 pl inman new directions for adult and continuing education  
managing web data d suciu   
color in business science and industry db judd    
uniform copper corrosion in tolt river water a quantitative study of coupled rate processes r hilbrun university of washington seattle  
a social learning approach to mental retardation see ellis rl cromwell   
analysis of stone columnâ ?? soil matrix interaction under vertical load rr goughnour aa bayuk  proc . int . conf . soil  
s and walker dg 1965 b hickman phil . mag  
evaluation of the welding performance of a 1 kw pulsed nd : yag laser with fibre optic beam delivery & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 as nasla   
polym sci part b : polym phys c wu t yamagishi  submitted for publication  
gardarin g. and metais e. database design tools : an expert system approach m bouzeghoub  proceedings of the 11th vldb ( stockholm sweden aug. 121 )  
van der merwe â ?? a flexible model for resource management in virtual private networksâ ?? proc . acm n duffield p goyal a greenberg p mishra kk   
the mental representation of stereotypes and its implications for stereotype development and jw sherman  1994.0 
database support for efficiently maintaining derived data b adelberg b kao h garcia-molina    
suresha and ramamritham k. 2002 . proxy-based accelaration of dynamically generated content on the a datta k dutta h thomas d vander meer proceedings of acm sigmod    
ariadne : a java-based guided tour system for the world wide web 1998.0 j juehne at jensen k groenbaek www7 / computer networks  
the manufacturing frontier : pioneer industry in antebellum wisconsin 1830-1860 m walsh  1969.0 
quasi-exact region-of-interest reconstruction from helical cone-beam data 1999.0 m defrise f noo h kudo ieee medical imaging 1999 seattle washington usa  
global warming to the internet e horwitt computerworld    
dynamic query optimization plans g graefe k ward proceedings of acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
kascade-grande collaboration r glasstetterâ ? ¦ proc . 28th icrc ( tsukuba japan )  
abstract interpretation : a unified framework for static analysis of programs by construction of p cousot r cousot proc . fourth acm popl  
efficient and effective clustering methods for spatial data mining j han 20th international conference on very large data bases    
ivy halls and glass walls : barriers to academic careers for women and ethnic minorities 1993.0 p bronstein ed rothblum se solomon new directions for teaching and learning  
extraordinary people . va green  social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
the wavelengths of soft x-rays from radium b phil . mag e rutherford enc andrade   
pathway to carrageenan-induced inflammation in the hind limb of the rat fed . proc r vinegar jf truax jl selph pr johnston al  1987.0 
operational models and processes within bt 's and concert 's isp business bt technology journal 2000.0 j meaneaux   
superrigidity of commensurability subgroups and generalized harmonic maps ga margulis unpublished    
blogs bubble into business l rosencrance computerworld    
ande . teniente . materialized view selection in a multidimensional database e baralis s paraboschi  proc . of the 23rd vldb  
a unified constraint model for xml . 2002.0 w fan gm kuper j simeon computer networks  
a rule-based view sf query optimization jc freytag proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of  
continuity and change in the restless urban landscape ek wyly economic geography   1999.0 
quantification of the cellular proliferation on freshly dispersed cells from rat anterior s carbajo f gonzalez del pozo e carbajo-perez  the histochemical journal 1992.0 
sql server 2000 performance tuning : technical reference e whalenâ ? ¦  2001.0 
free parallel data mining b li  1998.0 
leakage management techniques technology and training j report   
recombinational analysis of the rr duplication in maize 1971.0 hk dooner   
crooked beak of heaven b holm 1972.0    
concurrency control in b + - trees databases using preparatory operations 1985.0 y mond y raz vldb  
visual panel : virtual mouse keyboard and 3d controller with an ordinary piece of paper z zhang y wu y shan s shafer proceedings of acm workshop on perceptive user interfaces ( & hellip ;   2001.0 
melodic clustering : motivic analysis of schumannâ ?? s trã $ umerei e cambouropoulos g widmer    
the popular medicine of crete e fragaki  1978.0 
â ?? using nexrad precipitation data as input to hydrologic models . ad nicks fr scheibe proc. 28th awra annual conf . and symposium on managing & hellip ;  
shoring up persistent applications proc . of the 1994 acm sigmod conference m carey d dewitt j naughton m solomonâ ? ¦  minneapolis mn may  
1990 . the r - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of    
efficient processing of spatial joins using r-trees acm sigmod intl t brinkhoff hp kriegel b seeger conference on management of data    
the impact of residual renal function on the adequacy of peritoneal dialysis nh lameire contributions to nephrology 1998.0    
extending the uml for modelling variability for system families s robak b franczyk k politowicz    
the concept of the firm in economic geography m taylor b asheim  economic geography  
dynamic video summarization and visualization proc . of acm multimedia n jeho ht ahmed   
factor viii concentrates is purer better ` xx international congress of the world federation of book of abstracts athens greece lm aledort   
managing total business integration m govekar  procs . of the gartner symposium  
quantitative hydrogeology : academic press g de marsily  san diego  
very large data bases r ng j han proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;  
on improved multiuser detection with soft decision interference cancellation proc . int . conf . a lampe j huber   
on the propagation of laminar motion through a turbulently moving inviscid liquid w thomson phil . mag    
fas-induced apoptosis and diseases caused by its abnormality genes to cells s nagata  1996.0 
lattice machine : version space in hyper relations h wang i duntsch g gediga a skowron    
case survey methodology : quantitative analysis of patterns across case studies 1993.0 r larsson the academy of management journal  
generalized gamma networks technical report university of massachusetts department of p sebastiani m ramoni   
using laser to produce a new material for the automtive industry w prange c schneider & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
aspiration of free blood from the peritoneal cavity does not mandate immediate laparotomy . k nagy j fildes e sloan journal of emergency medicine 1996.0    
applying bootstrap method to simulation output analysis proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface . & hellip ; c rea w shiue c xu   
academic business affairs lm dooley  new directions for higher education 2000.0 
ecological study of sylvilagus brasiliensis meridensis in an andean venezuelan paramo . p : 182-203 p durant  procs . world lagom . conf . university of guelph ontario & hellip ;  
deeper in debt : the impact of the 1992 reauthorization of the higher education act on within-year j cofer p somers & hellip ; for institutional research forum seattle washington    
tables for x-ray crystallography ( 1974 vol . iv ) . acc . chem . i metal m amides t parameters g quantities   
information paradox pa strassmann  computerworld  
design of an optical ground station for in-orbit check-out of free space laser communication rh czichy z sodnik b furch proc . spie 1995.0    
c. and damgard i. multiparty unconditionally secure protocols dc chaum  proc . acm  
logging and wildfire influence on grizzly bear habitat in northwestern montana international conference on bear research and management p zager c jonkel j habeck   
generation of views of tv content using tv viewersâ ?? perspectives expressed in live chats on the h miyamori s nakamura k tanaka 2005.0  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;  
options in physical database design g graefe sigmod record 1993.0 
the long haul : an autobiography m horton 1990.0    
the past is the past -- or is it ? the use of retrospective accounts as indicators of past strategy br golden the academy of management journal 1992.0    
neoral absorption profiling : an evolution in effectiveness p belitsky ga levy a johnston transplantation proceedings 2000.0    
ubinet : the ubiquitous internet will be wireless t lewis    
unfinished business s whittaker  bt technology journal 2004.0 
the microsoft sql server 2000 analysis services step by step r jacobson 2000.0    
recovery for index trees ds lomet b concurrency vldb journal  
eternally yours at 8 bits s lawton  electronic business 2002.0 
governance structure in the deregulated trucking industry 1998.0 tn hubbard   
seer cancer statistics review 1973-1991 : tables and graphs . national cancer institute . nih pub . no . lag ries ba miller bf hankey cl kosary a md  
fourier analysis with respect to bilinear maps o blasco j calabuig    
many faces of risk : free speech versus public safety jl jervis new directions for higher education 2004.0 
on the computation of tc of relational operators proc . of 12th vldb conf y ioannidis   
the inviscid limit for density-dependent incompressible uids r danchin    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?on relaxation oscillations ã cents â ? ¬ â ? b van der pol phil .    
an improved failures model for communicating processes sd brookes aw roscoe 1985.0  lecture notes in computer science  
the master control gene for morphogenesis and evolution of the eye wj gehring 1996.0  genes to cells  
a quantitative histochemical study of 5â ? ² - nucleotidase activity in rat liver using the lead salt wm frederiks f marx the histochemical journal 1988.0 
on the intra-day performance of garch processes ' . olsen & associates zurich switzerland dm guillaume ov pictet mm dacorogna   
nilpotent cones and sheaves on k3 surfaces alg-geom/9504017 â ?? birational algebraic geometry r donagi l ein r lazarsfeld md  
modeling epidemic in space and time jf wang annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;    
laser cutting of ceramic composite layers a lightman g han solid freeform fabrication proceedings    
microsoft access 2000 visual basic for applications e callahan  microsoft  
effect of anti-cd4 anti-nc and anti-nk monoclonal antibody on the survival of cardiac xenografts transplantation proceedings l yang pl mottram wr han yc smart  1995.0 
five themes : further findings of the mufon abduction transcription project d wright & hellip ; international symposium proceedings . seattle/washington  
privacy-preserving data mining of association rules on horizontally partitioned data m kantarcioglu c clifton  ieee transactions on knowledge and data  
a comparative survey of concurrent programming languages pd stotts acm sigplan notices 1982.0 
roussopoulos . update propagation strategies forimproving thequalityofdataonthe web a labrinidis andn  the 27th international conference on very large data bases ( & hellip ;  
server selection on the world wide web n craswell p bailey d hawking   
the design and implementation of the nctuns 1 . 0 network simulator sy wang cl chou ch huang cc hwang zm yang cc computer networks 2003.0    
supporting userde ned activity spaces w wang j haake proc . of acm    
a class of rapidly converging algorithms for learning automata '' ieee int mal thathachar ps sastry  conf . on cybernetics & society bombay india  
a performance evaluation of four parallel join algorithms in a shared-nothing multiprocessor da schneider dj dewitt  proc . of acm-sigmod intl. conf . on mgmt . of data june  
two-way contingency tables with marginally and conditionally imputed nonrespondents 2002.0 h wang   
improving educational quality while financial strength is eroding . new directions for higher education h smith  1982.0 
uptake of arsenate trimethylarsine oxide and arsenobetaine by the shrimp crangon crangon marine biology 1998.0 da hunter w goessler ka francesconi   
window query-optimal clustering of spatial objects bu pagel hw six m winter   
xml 's impact on databases and data sharing l seligman   
constructivism : theory perspectives and practice ct fosnotâ ? ¦   1996.0 
joint analysis of dual-wavelength and dual-polarization ( zdr ) radar measurements during maypole ( ( may 1984.0 vn bringi j vivekanandan jd tuttle ta seliga k conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland  
e. cient and e. ective clustering methods for spatial data mining r ng j han proc . 1994 vldb  
similarity judgements and the causes of relational responding d hackett   2000.0 
index concurrency control in firm real-time database systems b goyal jr haritsa s seshadri v srinivasan proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;   1995.0 
cyclic networks : a family of versatile fixed-degree interconnection architectures ch yeh b parhami   
pc pricing reconsidered : free nt test drive debuts â ?? sj johnston  computerworld  
juvenile hormone control of epidermal commitment in vivo and in vitro lm riddiford see ref  
coding techniques for digital data networks j massey proc .  
a comparative study of overachieving and underachieving college students on factors other than em boyce 1956.0    
an economic analysis of vegetative buffer strip implementation . case study : elkhorn slough monterey fa rein 1999.0  coastal management  
the impact of a nonlocal turbulence scheme on modeling the convective boundary layer observed during as adams 2002.0    
fast algorithms for mining association rules in databases the 20th int &#39; l conf . on vldb chile r agrawal r srikant   
time complexity of practical parallel steiner point insertion algorithms 2004.0 da spielman sh teng a ungor proceedings of acm-spaa  
a case study of representational activity at a customer-centered business nv flor pp maglio    
efficient processing of spatial joins using r-trees t brinkhoff hp kriegel b seeger    
free theorems in the presence of seq p johann j voigtlander   
how to charge for network services - flat-rate or usage-based ? j altmann k chu computer networks 2001.0 
vitamin e for intermittent claudication cochrane database syst rev j kleijnen d mackerras  2000.0 
modelling site selection : a relational matching approach based on fuzzy decision tables f witlox technical university eindhoven eindhoven  
topology to wp thurston td geometry   
erq : controlled inference and instruction techniques for dbms query languages proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 j longstaff   
theory and application of wave propagation and scattering in random media ieee proceedings a ishimaru  1977.0 
on periodically nonstationary processes li gudzenko radiotekhnika i elektronika    
modelling the hysteretic characteristics of a magnetorheological fluid damper er wangâ ? ¦ 2003.0  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;  
message-based part state graphs ( mpsg ) for shop floor control the proceedings of the 2 ~ d lie research conference los & hellip ; js smith sb joshi   
coping as a personality process : a prospective study journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 n bolger   
quantitative precipitation measurements with dual linear polarisation radar jwf goddard sm cherry conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland & hellip ;   1984.0 
analytic interpolation and the degree constraint tt georgiou    
groups ask ftc to investigate amazon . com 's privacy policies l rosencrance   
on forestry 1999 a no see clause    
guidance and control of ocean vehicles ti fossen   
petra todd ( 2000a ) : â ?? progressing through progresa : an impact assessment of mexicoâ ?? s school unpublished j behrman p sengupta   
quoted dialogues in kalapalo narrative discourse e basso see ref    
managing the matrix : realigning paradigms toward sustainability nd mitchell jl craig see ref  
high-resolution wake modelling in helicopter flight mechanics re brown ss houston european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
jini : promising technology but will it catch on ? c sliwa   
n-2-butylcyanoacrylate : risk of bacterial contamination with an appraisal of its antimicrobial 1995.0 jv quinn mh osmond ja yurack pj moir journal of emergency medicine  
the death of personal privacy c chaves computerworld    
applying attitude theories to the return of mailed questionnaires new directions for program evaluation j mckillip  1984.0 
principles of lake sedimentology l hã ¥ kanson m jansson   1983.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?representing circuits more efficiently in symbolic model checking ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in jr burch em clarke de long  proc . 28th  
applying query structuring in cross-language retrieval d puolamaki a pirkola k jarvelin  2001.0 
the pyramid-technique : towards breaking the curse of dimensional data spaces s berchtold d keim hp kriegel proc . acm sigmod int . conf . managment of data seattle    
one-round secure computation and secure autonomous mobile agents c cachin j camenisch j kilian j muller lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
6.0 programmerâ ?? s guide microsoft v studio   
linking welfare and education : a study of new programs in five states e pauly da long k martinson 1992.0    
automatic intelligent data analysis in sensor networks for ispace 2004.0 dd nauck b majeed bt technology journal  
fuzzy neural network aided adaptive extended kalman filtering for gps navigation dj jwo hc huang submitted for  
abstractions from proofs ta henzinger r jhala r majumdar kl mcmillan   
books online v8 . 00.02 microsoft corp sql server   
region tracking on surfaces deforming via level-sets methods m bertalmio g sapiro g randall  lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
kudoa-the irish experience . salmon industry perspectives r palmer & hellip ; of agriculture fisheries and food aquaculture industry & hellip ;  
jr. & sudnick dr ( 1981 ) wd horrocks  acc . chem . res  
automated selection of materialized views and indexes in microsoft sql server a sanjay c surajit vr narasayya  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables to appear in proc r srikant r agrawal acm  
gaps in the object-oriented paradigm c jones ieee computer  
six sigma project management and strategic management of technology ft anbari  & hellip ; international conference on management of engineering and & hellip ;  
developing and maintaining contact with clients . wt vericker 1993.0  new directions for adult and continuing education  
teaching business and environmental ethics j brinkmann & hellip ; proceedings of the 23rd macromarketing conference univ. . & hellip ;    
hatching patterns in nonprecocial birds : a preliminary comparative analysis j viã ± uela lm carrascal proc int ornithol congr  
in vitro methods for the study of fusiform rust in association with loblolly pine hv amerson lj frampton jr rl mort  see ref  
what wants to learn what ? evaluation with a changing clientele . jr warren 1973.0  new directions for higher education  
the u-line balancing problem j miltenburg j wijngaard  management science 1994.0 
in j. padhye und s. floyd oitcp behavior proceedings of acm siggcom    
negocios on-line : pasos y claves para triunfarâ '' de riveral  pc magazine en espaã ± ol  
approximation and operator scheduling in data streams s rizvi   
mining exceptions and quantitative association rules in olap data cube 1999.0 q chen   
comparative analysis of the own simulation of the many-dimensional thermal annealing of ion - proc . 21st int . convention on microelectronics electronics vv nelayev mv kazitov   
accurate transparent and compact fuzzy models for function approximation and dynamic modeling f jimenez af gomez-skarmeta h roubos r babuska 2001.0  lecture notes in computer science  
in emulsion polymerization piirma i. m nomura   
dynamo : a transparent runtime optimization system v bala e duesterwald s banerjia  acm sigplan notices 2000.0 
some techniques for file recovery . australian comptr . j. 9 4 ( nov. 1971 ) 162-170 rw drake jl smith acm transactions on database systems    
spontaneous thyroiditis in the obese strain of chickens . i e witebsky jh kite jr g wick rk cole demonstration of circulating antibodies . j. lmmunol  
fault detection for sequential machines by transition tours s naito m tsunoyama  proc . ftcs  
literacy impact studies in solomon islands and vanuatu g singh 2001.0  international journal of educational research  
an architecture for distributed data mining r subramonian s parthasarathy to    
assessment processes and outcomes : building a folio . new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 bg barnett p lee   
acquisition and representation of 2d and 3d data from turbulent flows and flames mb long jk lam   
dataspace : protocols and services for distributed data mining and remote data analysis e creel r grossman g reinhart conference : knowledge discovery and data mining august    
synchronization of the neural response to noisy periodic input 1999 an burkitt gm clark   
be careful what you wish for : the paradoxical effects of bifurcating claims for punitive damages s landsman s diamond l dimitropoulos mj saks  wisconsin law review 1998.0 
applying an update method to a set of receivers 2001.0 m andries l cabibbo j paredaens j van den acm transactions on database systems  
impacts of information systems : four perspectives vj symons  information and software technology 1991.0 
id-nouveau ( version 88.0 ) reference manual technical report mit laboratory for computer science cambridge rs nikhil   
capillary plugging by granulocytes and the no-reflow phenomenon in the microcirculation gw schmid-schonbein fed proc   1987.0 
an annotated bibliography of benchmarks for object databases sigmod record 1995.0 ab chaudhri   
oxidation of iron sulfur and arsenic in mine waters and mine wastes : an important role for novel & hellip ; international biohydrometallurgy symposium . athens greece k coupland f battaglia-brunet kb hallberg mc   
region-based hierarchical operation partitioning for multicluster processors m chu k fan s mahlke    
web spam detection based on mass estimation z gyongyi p berkhin h garcia-molina j pedersen technical report stanford university 2005 . http://infolab .    
k. and larsson p. petterson y. wang and c. weise . new generation of uppaal procs . of the intl workshop on software tools for technology & hellip ; j bengtsson f larsen   
federal tax restructuring and state and local governments : an introduction to the issues and the m mazerov dr bucks san diego law review   1996.0 
content integration for e-business m stonebraker jm hellerstein   
teach kids economics and they will learn jd laney mc schug  social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
the hb ( pi ) - tree : a concurrent and recoverable multi-attribute access method g evangelidis d lomet b salzberg   
fe-simulation of 3-d sheet metal forming processes in automotive industry j reissner zurich switzerland vdi-verlag  
managing the printed circuit board design process t blain m dohler r michaelis e qureshi proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1985.0 
the-kdb tree : a fast index structure for high-dimensional similarity joins k shim r srikant r agrawal  research report ibm almaden research center san jose & hellip ;  
further specification of the five robust factors of personality jm digman j inouye journal of personality and social psychology    
designing computer architecture workloads . l eeckhout h vandierendonck k de bosschere ieee computer    
efficient mining for fuzzy implication-based association rules in quantitative databases international journal of general systems g chen p yan ee kerre  2004.0 
it industry lags behind nation in hiring blacks . l copeland computerworld    
update propagation strategies to improve freshness in lazy master replicated databases p esther s eric vldb journal  
automated selection of materialized views and indexes in microsoft sql server s agrawal s chaudhuri v narasayya  proc . of  
solder joint failure analysis using fem techniques of a silicon based system-in-package m goetz    
identifying and managing risk new directions for higher education 1999.0 jm abraham   
steady-state analysis of nonlinear circuits with periodic inputs ( computer aided steady state tj aprille  ieee proceedings 1972.0 
tai chi for treating rheumatoid arthritis a han v robinson m judd w taixiang g wells p  cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
a nested relational approach to processing sql subqueries b cao a badia proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
anisotropic coupled-field inclusion and inhomogeneity problems [ j ] li jy ml dunn phil mag    
prentice hall fd corrigan c eire m jaffee   
how much of immigrant wage assimilation is related to english language acquisition ? e funkhouser    
update propagation strategies to improve fresimess in lazy master replicated databases [ j ] e paeitti e simon  the vldb journal  
data base recovery at cmic . nj giordano    
directplay 8 overview microsoft corporation may 2001 msdn b di benedetto  microsoft .  
master 's thesis gg pierson  university of wisconsin  
physical database design for data warehouses-the vis problem technical report stanford university 1996 . available by w labio d quass b adelberg   
secure real-time transaction processing b george    
s. chaudhuri ad v. narasayya . automated selection of materialized views and indexes s agrawal  proc . of 26 thint . conf . on very large  
wireless everything-unwiring the world r mannings g cosier bt technology journal 2001.0 
issues for on-line analytical mining of data warehouses j han s chee jy chiang   
immunomodulatory agents for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis hr davies l richeldi eh walters cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
semimodular varieties of semigroups bm vernikov mv volkov  to  
preferential suppression of lymphocyte proliferation by mycophenolic acid and predicted long term ac allison em eugui  transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
evolutionary methods in the design of quaternary digital circuits w wang   
effective inseparability of the sets of identically true and finitely refutable formulae for certain ia lavrov algebra i logika    
d. d redell and jr ellis â ?? fast mutual exclusion for uniprocessors â ?? bn bershad proc . acm asplos v    
the antenna theorem of optical heterodyne receivers ae siegman  proc . ieee  
numerical robust parameter estimation for the batch markovian arrival process using randomization c lindemann m lohmann submitted for  
somatic embryogenesis and plant regeneration from tissue and cell suspension cultures of selected gs cheema hanover jw keathley d e. proceedings . conference on genetic & hellip ;  
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining proc . r agrawal m mehta jc shafer   
throughfall and aquatic biogeochemistry in the anavilhanas archipelago negro river brazil s filoso   1996.0 
the depato : merchandising the west while selling japaneseness mr creighton  see ref  
h . optimization of the recovery matrix submitted for publication hh niemann p sã ¸ gaard-andersen j stoustrup   
a performance analysis of view materialization strategy e hanson  proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data  
fe-ms complexes derived from ms 4 2 anions ( m = mo w ) and their possible as analogues for structural d coucouvanis  acc . chem . res  
organisational networks in r & d b pacitti a pearson   
elegant solutions for group mutual exclusion problem k alagarsamy k vidyasankar  unpublished manuscript  
an analytical model of igbts with low emitter efficiency r kraus k hoffmann   
the judicial process in comparative perspective . 1989 sm cappelletti   
a performance evaluation of four join algorithms in a shared-nothing multiprocessor environment proceedings of the acm sigmod conference portland or june da schneider dj dewitt   
uruâ ?? on-line identity verification cj gahan bt technology journal 2004.0    
mining geostatistics : academic ag journel cj huijbregts san diego ca  
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles nbhp kriegel r schneider b seeger proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
five themes in geography . geography mini-unit for upper grades . f willman social studies and the young learner 1988.0 
the new immigration wave s watson computerworld    
academic press t process e impact san diego ca    
indigenous movement representations in transnational circuits : tales of social capital and poverty american association of geographers annual conference new & hellip ; s radcliffe n laurieâ ? ¦   
a rule-based view of query optimization jc freytag proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
architecture education : the profundity of edifice . new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 jw rudd   
managing change in higher education . jd millett 1977.0  new directions for higher education  
acceptability and impact of zidovudine for prevention of mother-to-child human immunodeficiency m mayaux j teglas l mandelbrot journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
a 60 element fiber bragg grating sensor system proc . ma davis dg bellemore ma putnam ad kersey   
dynamic constraint satisfaction for feature interaction 1998.0 cd elfe ec freuder d lesaint bt technology journal  
running ms-dos qbasic 1991.0 m halvorson d rygmyr   
plasticity for structural engineers wf chen dj han 1988.0    
transition metal-catalyzed/mediated reaction of allenes with a nucleophilic functionality connected s ma acc . chem . res 2003.0 
measurement-based admission control m grossglauser d tse proc . acm    
a tour of unifypow : a sas macro for sample-size analysis rg oâ ?? brien proceedings of the 23rd sas users group international  
uncertain information processing in expert systems p hajek t havranek r jirousek   1992.0 
anthropology as the mutual interpretation of cultures . indian perspectives see fahim tn madan   
group learning in workshops am will new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0    
triage assessment tool ja rowe journal of emergency nursing 1992.0 
the hipac project : combining active databases and timing constraints udbba buchmann u chakravarthy mhrld mccarthy  sigmod record 1988.0 
the regulation of glucose-excited neurons in the hypothalamic arcuate nucleus by glucose and feeding r wang x liu st hentges aa dunn-meynell be diabetes-new york - 2004.0    
learning patterns in noisy data : the aq approach rs michalski ka kaufman   
comments on sdd-1 concurrency control mechanisms g mclean  acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
quantitative design and evaluation of enhancement/thresholding edge detectors 1979.0 ie abdou wk pratt ieee proceedings  
uk 1997 d freshwater p people r processes    
motor neuropathy am corse md crawford r cornblath   
suresha krithi ramamritham proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world a datta k dutta h thomas d vandermeer proceedings of the 2002 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
6.0 developerâ ?? s guide v basic microsoft    
book groups : communities of learners new directions for adult and continuing education s kerka  1996.0 
enzymic potential for fructose 6-phosphate phosphorylation by guard cells and by palisade cells in drc hite mj bodson wh outlaw the histochemical journal 1992.0 
corticosteroids for the prevention and treatment of post-extubation stridor in neonates children bp markovitz ag randolph cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
3-d seismic imaging b biondi    
casus-an object-oriented three-dimensional animation system for event-oriented simulators to be v luckas t broll n. magnenat-thalmann d. thalmann : proceedings of computer    
h. and ps yu . clustering by pattern similarity in large data sets proc . the acm sigmod international conference on management h wang   
database research at bilkent university ã ? ulusoy 2005.0  sigmod record  
structure and function of novel engineered thin films dy takamoto 1999.0    
instrumental methods of chemical analysis c gurdeep a sham   1990.0 
windowsnt 3.5 r cowart  1995.0 
introduction to constraint databases 2002.0 b kuijpers acm sigmod record  
adaptive webview materialization a labrinidis n roussopoulos   
seiq : a fast and scalable classifier for data mining [ r ] m mehta r agrawal j rissanen ibm almaden research center    
supplemental instruction sessions in college algebra and calculus sl burmeister jm carter lr hockenberger pa  new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
jh : content integration for e-business acm sigmod m stonebraker   
learning from experience : managerial interpretations of past and future information technologies ll martins a kambil    
perspectives for electronic books in the world wide web age f bry electronic library 2002.0    
fire dynamics simulatorâ ?? technical reference guide version 2 . nistir 6783 national institute of kb mcgrattan gp forney j floyd  md  
theory h bass k algebraic new york  
research issues in databases for arcs : active rapidly changing data systems 1994.0 a datta sigmod record  
institutional evolution and change : environmentalism and the us chemical industry 1999.0 aj hoffman the academy of management journal  
the r * - tree : an efficient androbust access method for pointsandrectangles acm-sigmod n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger   
mining the world wide web : an information search approach by george chang marcus j. healey ( editor ) a ouksel  acm sigmod record 2002.0 
extending logic programming e laenens   
extensible query processing in starburst lm haas jc freytag gm lohman h pirahesh    
line-of-sight wave propagation through the turbulent atmosphere jw strohbehn  proc . ieee  
p63 immunostaining in destained bronchoscopic cytological specimens v shtilbans ah szporn m wu de burstein    
the new landscape c correa 1985.0    
clustering methods for large databases : from the past to the future sigmod conference philadelphia da keim a hinneburg   
economic integration in the americas : european perspectives a venables l winters unpublished manuscript    
ng-backmarking-an algorithm for constraint satisfaction t richards y jiang b richards bt technology journal   1995.0 
mechanique celeste ps de laplace  supplement to book  
opioid switching to improve pain relief and drug tolerability c quigley cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
accelerated convergence in the inverse kinematics via multilayer feedforward networks a guez z ahmad    
research issues in spatial database systems o guenther a buchmann sigmod-record acm    
non-linear flight mechanics of a helicopter analysis by application of a continuation method k sibilski european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0    
the nature of a usable pki ( 1999 ) cm ellison computer    
six critical issues for midlevel leadership in postsecondary settings gl filan at seagren new directions for higher education 2003.0    
the buddy tree : an efficient and robust access method for spatial data base systems 16th int conf . on very large data bases b seeger hp kriegel   
andr . srikant . information sharingacrossprivate databases r agrawal a evmievski proc . of the 2003acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . on managementof    
microsoft architecture overview . m platt    
rules for implementing very large knowledge base systems jb bocca jc freytag  sigmod record 1989.0 
andries . the brown university student operating system proc . acm 22nd nat . conf ds wile rg munck dam van   
mpi derived data types in virtus r cristaldi g iannello  procs . of  
academic advising kn tuttle  new directions for higher education 2000.0 
high glucose level and free fatty acid stimulate reactive oxygen species production through protein diabetes-new york - 2000.0 t inoguchi p li f umeda hy yu m kakimoto m   
a comparison of empirical and model-driven optimization k yotov x li g ren m cibulskis g dejong m    
expert aided sequential design of multivariable systems jm boyle   
a comparative study of alternative middle tier caching solutions a datta k dutta d fishman k ramamritham h  proceedings of the 2001 vldb  
a framework for physically-based information visualization tc sprenger mh gross a eggenberger m kaufmann    
technology adoption in the presence of knowledge barriers : the case of the world wide web s vasudevan ym wang   
smallpox ar rao bombay india : kothari book depot  
algebraic specification schemes for data base systems h ehrig hj kreowski vldb 1978.0    
exemplary world wide web resources . pull-out feature 3 . rg helms social studies and the young learner   1997.0 
bitmap-tree indexing for set operations on free text data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international i nitsos g evangelidis d dervos   
integrity checking in deductive databases a oliv proceedings of the seventeenth vldb    
los cinco grandes across cultures and ethnic groups : multitrait multimethod analyses of the big five v benet-martinez op john journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
microarrays and their use in a comparative b efron r tibshirani v goss g chu 2000.0    
design-kit : an intelligent system for planning plant-wide process control strategies s george j james l rama lispe technical report massachusetts institute of technology    
wrong way : go back ! an exploration of novice search behaviours while conducting an information 2001.0 s debowski electronic library  
the changing map of american poverty in an era of economic restructuring and political realignment . economic geography 1997.0 je kodras   
agrawal r. ; srikant r. : fast algorithms for mining association rules s agrawal proceedings of the 20th international conference of very & hellip ;    
fastalgorithmsformining association rules rar srikant proc . of the vldb conference santiago chile september    
the rice parallel processing testbed rc covington s madala v mehta jr jump jb  proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmetrics conference on & hellip ; 1988.0 
juvenility and plant propagation comb proc . int . plant . prop . soc jr clark   
caching and database scaling in distributed shared-nothing information retrieval systems a tomasic h garcia-molina    
india wins freedom : an autobiographical narrative a azad   1959.0 
complete geometrical query languages m gyssens j van den bussche d van gucht    
2-phenylethanol isolated from bark beetles jaa renwick gb pitman jp vitã © 1976.0  naturwissenschaften  
quantitative swab culture versus tissue biopsy : a comparison in chronic wounds ostomy wound management 2001.0 tj bill cr ratliff am donovan lk knox rf   
methods for encrypting and decrypting mpeg video data efficiently l tang   
an annotated bibliography on active databases ( short version ) acm sigmod record u jaeger jc freytag    
finite element simulation of the static characteristics of a vehicle rubber mount lr wang zh lu i hagiwara    
evaluating training in business and industry r brinkerhoff new directions in program evaluation  
privacy and freedom 1967.0 af westin   
unicode wide characters and c c petzold pc magazine  
procedural and distributive justice : what is fair depends more on what comes first than on what journal of personality and social psychology k van den bos r vermunt ham wilke   
principles of trust for multiagent systems : cognitive anatomy social importance and quantification procs . of the 3 rdint . conf . on multi-agent systems c castellfranchi r falcone   
quantitative enzyme histochemistry of rat foetal brain and trigeminal ganglion p chieco p hrelia g lisignoli g cantelli-forti 1988.0  the histochemical journal  
the effects of congestion on driversâ ?? behaviourâ ?? c christie proceedings of the 23rd ptrc european transport forum & hellip ;  
a preprandial rise in plasma ghrelin levels suggests a role in meal initiation in humans de cummings jq purnell rs frayo k schmidova be diabetes-new york - 2001.0    
post-pass compaction techniques communications-acm b de bus d chanet l van put b de sutter  2003.0 
ieee appl . supercond m tsindlekht m colosovsky d davidov 1996.0    
survival analysis : techniques for censored and truncated data 1997.0 jp klein ml moeschberger   
theorizing : analogy cases and comparative social organization d vaughan unpublished manuscript    
a histochemical investigation of the mechanism of aldehyde fuchsin staining of pancreatic b-cell lj cole gs nettleton  the histochemical journal 1988.0 
vibration suppression in helicopters with the acsr approach using an improved control algorithm european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. r cribbs pp friedmann  1999.0 
existence of six incomplete mols submitted for cj colbourn l zhu   
parents ` attitudes and expectations regarding science education : comparisons among american chinese - adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 h chen   
update propagation strategies for improving the quality of data on the web submitted for publication 2001.0 aln roussopoulos   
the gih-tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proceedings of acm    
donna et al ( 1997 ) fi stienstra a study of the five demonstration programs  
delayed cardiac tamponade after pacemaker insertion t gershon j kuruppu j olshakerâ ? ¦ 2000.0  journal of emergency medicine  
parallel computer systems : performance instrumentation and visualization 1990.0 r koskela m simmons acm press frontier series  
achieving excellence : how will we know ? . 1989.0 cf conrad dj eagan new directions for higher education  
vertical cavity lasers fabricated using impurity induced disordering pd floyd   1996.0 
generalized hermite polynomials : a short survey m lassalle  unpublished  
genetic diversity units and major ancestral lineages for sockeye salmon in washington 1996.0 jb shaklee j ames l lavoy   
the r - tree : an efficient and robust access methodforpointsandrectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . 1990 acm-sigmodint . conf . management of  
status of 1 mw cw gyrotron development at cpi proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves & hellip ; k felch p borchard p cahalan ts chu h jory cm   
quantitative genetic studies and population improvement in maize and sorghum co gardner  proc int conf quant genet  
xml type checking with macro tree transducers s maneth a berlea t perst h seidl   
visualization studies of polymer melt flow anomalies in extrusion n bergem  procs 7th int congr rheol gothenberg  
planning concurrency and managing iteration in projects s denker d steward t browning project management journal 2001.0    
a rationale for modeling dynamic ecological systems see ref ne kowal   
yang. b. integrating vertical and horizontal partitioning into automated physical database design s agrawal v narasayya proceedings of acm sigmod    
survey results of women who have been strangled while in an abusive relationship journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 l wilbur m higley j hatfield z surprenant e   
cleaning and querying noisy sensors e elnahrawy b nath proceedings of acm wsnaâ ?? 03 2003.0    
individual and collective processes in the construction of the self : self-enhancement in the united s kitayama hr markus h matsumoto v journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0    
parallel similarity search and alignment with the dynamic programming method ar galper dl brutlag    
this work was partially sponsored by the european communities as an esprit project ( p-530 epsilon ) bonp evaluation  sigmod record 1990.0 
preparing for the centennial of the pledge of allegiance : an annotated bibliography . mt williams 1992.0  social studies and the young learner  
foote hospital emergency department : shattering a paradigm m jezierski journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
heroism as a nursing virtue v lanara   1996.0 
an overview of the stanford real-time information processor b adelberg b kao h garcia-molina acm sigmod record    
relational computation for mining association rules from xml data hc liu j zeleznikow proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
convexication rate in minkowski averaging processes n dyn e farkhi   
optimal horn antenna design to excite high purity gaussian beam using overmoded waveguides r gonzalo c del rão j teniente m sorolla proc . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter    
national marine fisheries service v tuttle northwest fisheries science center seattle    
users remaining loyal despite frame-relay hype kx girard computerworld    
the automatic classification of modulation types by pattern recognition cs weaver ca cole rb krumland ml miller & hellip ; laboratories stanford university technical report    
vision and navigation in man-made environments : looking for syrup in all the right places . in < i > dd fu kj hammond mj swain   1994.0 
daylight techniques in buildings : reference handbook 1997.0 aa argiriou dn asimakopoulos ca balaras   
molecular cloning of cdna and tissue-specific expression of the gene for sii-k 1 a novel y taira t kubo s natori genes to cells 1998.0    
weighted moving identification and control for multivariable systems wt wu yt chu kc chen  & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1988.0 
thetheoryofprobabilistic databases r cavallo m pittarelli  proc . vldb  
london : the stationery office b pharmacopoeia    
optimistic priority-based concurrency control protocol for firm real-time database systems information & software technology jh kim hs shin   
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us i morphett bt technology journal   1999.0 
algebraic specification ja bergstra j heering p klint   1989.0 
institutional theory and institutional change : introduction to the special research forum mt dacin j goodstein wr scott academy of management journal 2002.0    
the psycle project : educational multimedia for conceptual understanding 1995.0 n hammond j mckendree w reader a trapp proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;  
modularization techniques for active rules design e baralis s ceri s paraboschi acm transactions on database systems   1996.0 
an algebraic approach to static analysis of active database rules e baralis j widom  acm transactions on database systems 2000.0 
effects of database size on rule system performance : five case studies vldb da brant t grose b lofaso dp miranker  1991.0 
acquisition of soft taxonomies for intelligent personal hierarchies and the soft semantic web bt technology journal 2003.0 tp martin b azvine   
et . all. â ?? a guided tour of multimedia systems and application : query by content for large on-line r barber ieee computer  
teaching analytical reasoning through thinking aloud pair problem solving new directions for teaching and learning j lochhead a whimbey  1987.0 
object equality profiling d marinov    
attachment styles coping strategies and posttraumatic psychological distress : the impact of the m mikulincer v florian a weller journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
improving business process quality through exception understanding prediction and prevention f casati u dayal d grigori mc shan  procs . of  
behind the faã § ade of iso 9000 p burrows  electronic business  
release of mitochondrial enzymes by freezing and thawing of meat : structural and analytical aspects proc of the 28th eur meet meat res w orkers r hamm p gottesmann   
a-6020 innsbruck m spetea    
analysis of the accuracy of the determination of the concentration of long-lived radionuclides in at . vl vysotskii yv sivintsev   
bridging the gap between past and future in re : a scenario-based approach p haumer p heymans m jarke k pohl    
operads and algebraic homotopy preprin t math jr smith   
parallel algorithms for relational database operations dj dewitt d bitton h boral wk wilkinson  acm trans . on database systems  
prefixspan : mining sequential patterns by prefix-projected growth proc . 17th ieee international conference on data engineering & hellip ; j pel j han b mortazavi-asl h pinto q chen u   
outsourcing hits human snag e horwitt  computerworld  
conductor routing and via elimination in the sprint system stanford university digital systems laboratory technical kr stevens   
extending information literacy in electronic environments s kerka  new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
improved algorithms for synchronizing computer network clocks ieee/acm transactions on networking ( ton ) d mills  1995.0 
microsoft windows 2000 server administrator 's companion 2000.0 c russel s crawford   
electrodynamics in a rotating frame of reference mg trocheries phil . mag  
mining generfized association rules r srikant r agrawal proc . 1995 int . conf . very large data bases zrich    
damping in tall buildings : its variability and treatment ag davenport pj hill-carroll proc. asce convention seattle washington  
2 nded modern systems analysis j hoffer j george j valacich 1999.0    
compartment syndrome after simple venipuncture in an anticoagulated patient-does ice make a journal of emergency medicine rj roberge m mclane  1999.0 
airloads measurements from a 1/4-scale tiltrotor wind tunnel test sm swanson aa swanson ms mccluer gk yamauchi 1999.0  european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings.  
write ranges : a technique for improving capture and propagation of writes in software dsms pt koch rj fowler e jul submitted for  
equation-based congestion control for unicast applications m handley s floyd j pahdye j widmer  proceedings of acm  
replica consistency in lazy master replicated databases e pacitti p minet e simon  distributed and parallel databases 2001.0 
collective identification and social movement participation journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 b simon m loewy s stuermer u weber p freytag   
index selection for databases : a hardness study and a principled heuristic solution m datar v narasayya 2004.0  ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering  
normal vortex interaction with a loaded symmetrical blade cj doolan fn coton r galbraith european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0    
the strip rule system for efficiently maintaining derived data b adelberg h garcia-molina j widom 1997.0  sigmod conference  
inside microsoft sql server 7.0 r soukup 1999.0    
rural motor vehicle crashes : can we prevent them ? journal of emergency nursing mat wylie rb kimball  1997.0 
hmong parent education and involvement and its impact on children : a correlational study ca bondioli 2000.0    
security and decentralised control in the sfs distributed filesystem d maziå?res  masterâ ?? s thesis mit laboratory of computer science  
creeping flow of a shear-thinning fluid past a speherical vapor cavity ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. fa jamjoom  1986.0 
newblock the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles proc . 1990 n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger   
adaptive predictive control of a distillation column tw yoon dr yang ks lee ym kwon    
bench testing of a sock-type catch basin insert for removal of free petroleum r hrachovec g minton plantcpr seattle washington    
electronic journals : publishing via internet 's world wide web 1995.0 pa van brakel electronic library  
limnological analysis rg wetzel ge likens 2000.0    
africanized bee and mites parasitic on bees in relation to world beekeeping e crane see ref    
bpr success or failure ? a business process reengineering project in the financial services industry ma larsen md myers    
analysis of organ donation refusal transplantation proceedings 1996.0 mc jouan j decaris c bicocchi l joseph j   
towards an analysis of range query performance proc . of the acm-sigmod symposium on principles of database b pagel h six h toben p widmayer   
a teradata content-based multimedia object manager for massively parallel architectures woâ ?? connell it ieong d schrader c watson g au   
the performance of three database storage structures for managing large objects portal.acm.org    
certification programs for business and industry . tj settle  new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
removal policies in network caches for world wide web s williams m abrams cr standridge g abdulla ea proc . acm  
horse chestnut seed extract for chronic venous insufficiency cochrane database syst rev mh pittler e ernst  2004.0 
rising above the hate of warâº translated by yoshida jiro unpublished s hiroya   
towards a universal relation interface proc . intl. conf . on very large data sl osbom   
in : principles of bone biology bp lukert be kream  academic : san diego  
randomized algorithms for optimizing large join queries acm sigmod int y ioannidis y kang conference on management of data    
efficient user-adaptable similarity search in large multimedia databases vldb t seidl hp kriegel  1997.0 
forskolin : its chemical biological and medical potential rh rupp nj de soaza an dohadwalla international symposium on forskolin . bombay india january  
the yellow active queue management algorithm c long b zhao x guan j yang c long b zhao x  computer networks 2005.0 
efficiently monitoring relational databases op buneman ek clemons  acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1979.0 
mining generalized association rules ( expanded version ) r srikant r agrawal technical report rj9963 ibm research division almaden research  
mining association rules between sets of items in large databases 1993.0 r agrawal a swami   
the use of genetic algorithms in the construction of mixed multilevel orthogonal arrays rb safadi rh wang proceedings of the 23rd symposium of the interface between & hellip ;    
global ecological democracy js dryzek  see low  
selection of file organization using an analytical model sb yao ag merten proc . internat . conf . of very large data bases framingham & hellip ;  
assessing and improving studentsâ ?? learning strategies 1990.0 pr pintrich gr johnson new directions for teaching and learning  
thoughts on inverse orthogonal matrices jj sylvester phil . mag  
cancers in cyclosporine-treated vs azathioprine-treated patients transplantation proceedings i penn  1996.0 
comparative performance analysis of directed flow control for real-time sci rw todd mc chidester ad george 2001.0  computer networks  
dynamic modeling and bilinear control strategies for distillation columns a benallou  1982.0 
the design and implementation of cobase ww chu ma merzbacher l berkovich    
mining association rules between sets of items in large databases 1993 . 10p r agrawal t imielinski a swami proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod conference washington dc    
9227 apll reference ibmon sh20   20.0 
perspectives on â ?? personal identityâ ?? c raab 2005.0  bt technology journal  
index concurrency control in firm real-time databases sr narayanan 1997.0    
virtual documents that explain how things work : dynamically generated question-answering documents t gruber s vemuri j rice    
glopeq : a new computational tool for the phase and chemical equilibrium problem . 1994 c mcdonald c floudas    
ils : its new role in schools . 1990.0 t mageau electronic learning  
the i750 video processor : a total multimedia solution k harney m keith g lavelle ld ryan dj stark communications of the acm 1991.0    
cytophotometry of nucleic acids ad deitch introduction to quantitative cytochemistry  
c k-smoothness of invariant curves in a global saddle-node bifurcation j. diff . eq t young  1995.0 
computer generated animation of faces fi parke proceedings of the acm annual conference-volume 1 1972.0    
the design of postgres sigmod conference 1986.0 m stonebraker la rowe   
locus a network transparent high reliability distributed system 1981.0 g popek b walker j chow d edwards c kline g acm sigops operating systems review  
verifiable secret sharing as secure computation eurocryptâ ?? 95 lncs 921 r gennaro s micali   1995.0 
revealing information while preserving privacy i dinur k nissim    
conflictingrulingsoncarpaltunnel m blodgett r scheier computerworld    
gain : two-year impacts in six counties . d friedlander ja riccio s freedman  1993.0 
exploiting inheritance and structure semantics for effective clustering and buffering in an object - ee chang rh katz  proceedings of the acm sigmod conference  
development of double-sided silicon strip detectors ( abstract only ) i hietanen r brenner j lindgren t tuuva k oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
self appraisal questionnaire ( saq ) : a tool for assessing violent and non-violent recidivism w loza unpublished manuscript    
or through the letters rogatory process a agreements    
materialized view selection in a multi-dimensional datacube e baralis s paraboschi e teniente 1997.0    
short-term coping techniques for managing stress . af grasha new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
prospector : a content-based multimedia server for massively parallel architectures proceedingsof the 1996 acm sigmod international conference woâ ?? connell it ieong d schrader c watson g au   
home country environments corporate diversification strategies and firm performance wp wan re hoskisson  academy of management journal 2003.0 
overpressure protection in silicon low-pressure sensor proc . int . conf . microel . u aljancic d resnik d vrtacnik s amon   
a conformity model of software processes r breu w huber w schwerin  information & software technology  
mcgnaw-hill book company n yonk   
g. graefe optimization of dynamic query evaluation plans proc . of the/994 acm rl cole   
free radical chem. 1 ( 1965 ) 1 ; c. walling acc . chem . res a trotman-dickenson   
techniques for the study of qos in ip networks 2002.0 sf carter nw macfadyen gar martin rl southgate bt technology journal  
between mdps and semi-mdps : learning planning learning and sequential decision making rs sutton d precup sp singh 1998.0    
a survey of the world wide web security ieee computer a rubin d greer   
the insulation vacuum barrier for the large hadron collider ( lhc ) magnet cryostats m castoldiâ ? ¦  icec18 bombay india  
smoothed bootstrap and statistical data cloning for classifier evaluation g shakhnarovich r el-yaniv y baram   
indoor scene reconstruction from sets of noisy range images 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ; rt whitaker j gregor pf chen  1999.0 
symons > icr george p. griffith j je bennett dje ingram  phil . mag  
digital ridgelet transform via rectopolar coordinate transform dl donoho   1998.0 
shrikant . mining association rules between sets of items in large databases r agrawal t imielinski andr proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of    
a content-based multimedia server for massively parallel architectures wo ` connell it ieong d schrader c watson g au sigmod conference    
interventions for treating depression after stroke cochrane database syst rev ml hackett cs anderson ao house  2004.0 
pattern classification and scene analysis ro duda pe hart 1973.0    
group assessment in the on-line learning environment ja nicolay new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
inorganic ion exchangers in chemical analysis m qureshi   1991.0 
a kinetic study of cvd-wsix processes . * the comparison of wf / sih and wf / si h processes t saito k oshima y shimogaki y egashira h  proceedings 12th international conference on c < d  
p6 and beyond : intel 's plans for the next level of processor technology m feibus  pc magazine 1993.0 
fast algorithms for mining association rules in large database a rakesh r srikant   1994.0 
firm real-time concurrency control & hellip ; of concurrency control mechanisms in centralized database & hellip ; 1995.0 jr haritsa mj carey m livny   
immunoregulatory and cytokine imbalances in the pathogenesis of iddm : therapeutic intervention by a rabinovitch diabetes-new  
replica field theory for random manifolds j. phys . i ( france ) m mezard g parisi  1991.0 
update propagation strategies for improving the quality of data on the web a labrinidis n roussopoulos vldb 2001.0 
thermal diffusion and chemical kinetics in laminar biomaterial due to heating by a mark-iii free - ms hutson sa hauger g edwards   
generalized sobolev inequalities and asymptotic behaviour in fast diffusion and porous medium submitted for publication m del pino j dolbeault  1999.0 
type inference in the polymorphic relational algebra proc . acm pods jv den bussche e waller   
an elliptic system modelling the propagation of a multidimensional flame h berestycki b larrouturou pl lions jm unpublished  
a theory of communicating sequential processes journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1984.0 sd brookes car hoare aw roscoe   
comparative analysis of five xml languages a bonifati s ceri sigmod record    
541.201 ( b ) 68 fed pwc regulations  reg .  
d marwood . real time groupware as a distributed system : concurrency control and its effect on the s grcenberk proc of acm conf on    
play architecture u plug  microsoft  
comparative analysis of six xml schema languages . cf d lee w chu   
bernhard â ?? the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectanglesâ ?? n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of  
on secure scalar product computation for privacy-preserving data mining b goethals s laur h lipmaa   
maids : mining alarming incidents from data streams 2004.0 yd cai d clutter g pape j han m welge l auvil proceedings of the 23rd acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
webview materialization a labrinidis n roussopoulos    
simultaneous quantification of dna and rna in tissue sections . a comparative analysis of the methyl ekw schulte ho lyon pe hoyer the histochemical journal   1992.0 
print issn : 0004-9190 online issn : 1467-8470 frequency : three times a year current volume : 42 em alerts s index s index    
on k-anonymity and the curse of dimensionality cc aggarwal proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
fast algorithms for maintaining replica consistency in lazy master replicated databases e pacitti p minet e simon vldb 1999.0 
causality filters : a tool for the online visualization and steering of parallel and distributed e kraemer    
mining generalized association rules ; proceedings of the 21 r srikant r agrawal vldb    
virtual book reports nl everhart  electronic school  
individualism and collectivism : cross-cultural perspectives on self-ingroup relationships hc triandis r bontempo mj villareal m asai n journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
complete arcs in pg ( 2 25 ) : the spectrum of the sizes and the classification of the smallest s marcugini a milani f pambianco    
andprabhakarraghavan . automaticsubspaceclusteringof highdimensional data for data mining jg rakeshagrawal d gunopolos  acm sigmod conference  
wang tiles for image and texture generation mf cohen j shade s hiller o deussen 2003.0  acm transactions on graphics ( tog )  
generalized entropy functions and bregman divergence unpublished manuscript ap dawid   
childbearing attitudes and intentions demographic and health surveys comparative studies no. 17 md a bankole cf westoff   
strategic decision processes : comprehensiveness and performance in an industry with an unstable jw fredrickson tr mitchell the academy of management journal   1984.0 
mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables r agrawal r srikant  1996.0 
02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 1999 ma cambridge    
laser welding thin sheets for car body structures m cantello sl gobbi jf flavenot a diboine  & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
introduction to thermodynamics of irreversible processes . i prigogine   
strip speed measurement using distributed infra-red detectors em deeley   
program analysis via graph reachability . information and software technology t reps information and software  
from particles to fluid r esposito m pulvirenti  to  
will 3g networks be the next big wireless technology ? l garber ieee computer    
campusworld and bt 's on-line education service pc leveridge bt technology journal   1997.0 
collaborative browsing and visualization of the search process elvira-proceedings - mb twidale dm nichols  1996.0 
1.6 . ( 1999 ) vp vap switzerland : zurich . institute of structural engineering  
the csne ' ! ` name mrver . m solomon l landweber d neuhengen computer networks  
implications of an aging faculty for the quality of higher education and academic careers . new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 lk george i winfield-laird   
v. chi fp brooks jr. wv wright rs williams and ej snyder ( 1993 ) . the nanomanipulator : a virtual ii taylor wr rm  proceedings of acm  
model selection for two view geometry p torr  technical report http://research . microsoft . com / - philtorr  
shoppinggardenâ ?? improving the customer experience with on-line catalogues r tateson e bonsma 2003.0  bt technology journal  
developing a successful information and communication technology industry : the role of venture t vinig r blocq j braafhart o laufer    
zissimopoulos and mv koutras ( 2001 ) fault tree analysis via set cover model sv tsitmidelis  eurogen 2001 athens  
and-play ( upnp ) forum u plug   
helicopter active noise and vibration reduction ta millott wa welsh european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings.   1999.0 
expert system for sroot p muha    
on shoring up persistent applications proc . of acm sigmod m zwillingâ ? ¦   
streamminer : a classifier ensemble-based engine to mine concept-drifting data streams proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; w fan  2004.0 
influence of large amplitudes of free flexural vibrations of rectangular elastic plates h chu g herrmann  1955.0 
persistent linda : linda + transactions + query processing b anderson d shasha lecture notes in computer science 1992.0    
rapidly solidified materials : properties and processing pw lee jh moll 1988.0    
a q-factor enhancement technique for mmic inductors in silicon technology m danesh jr long r hadaway d harame proc . int . microwave symp    
the use of a linguistically motivated language model in conversational speech recognition w wang a stolcke mp harper   
differing perspectives of evaluation e chelimsky new directions for program evaluation    
application of system identification techniques to modelling a turbogenerator e swidenbank    
cityof long beach â ?? do clarke    
changing the educational program . r wood new directions for higher education 1990.0    
mining generalized association rules in large relational tables r sirkant r agrawal  proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management data  
a and enderby je 1967 r howe phil . mag    
development of maternal and child health services in india child in india . bombay : himalaya t kanitkar   
conditioning technique for multiinput multioutput processes with input saturation ks walgama    
a performance study of concurrency control in a real-time main memory database system s liu  acm sigmod record 1993.0 
triage dilemmas and decisions : a tool for continuing education . l molitor journal of emergency nursing   1985.0 
a theory of redo recovery db lomet mr tuttle    
automatic tcp buffering tuning j semke j mahdavi m mathis  proceedings of acm sigcomm 1998  
the aegis processor architecture for tamper-evident and tamper-resistant processingâ '' rapport ge suh d clarke b gassend m van dijk s devadas mit laboratory for computer  
schizosaccharomyces pombe gad7 j kanoh y watanabe m ohsugi y iino m yamamoto genes to cells 1996.0    
finding related pages in the world wide web j dean mr henzinger www8 / computer networks 1999.0    
keypals for young children c finegan-stoll social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
column generation techniques for pickup and delivery problems doktorarbeit technical university eindhoven m sol   
clustering methods for large databases : from the past to the future sigmod conference a hinneburg da keim  1999.0 
propagation in corrugated waveguides gh bryant proc . iee  
a cache visualization tool e deijl g kanbier o temam ed granston ieee computer  
innovative firm behavior and local milieu : exploring the intersection of agglomeration firm effects b harrison mr kelley j gant  economic geography 1996.0 
an experimental study of field methods which will insure to stadia measurements greatly increased 1895.0 ls smith   
improving lectures by understanding studentsâ ?? information processing w mckeachie new directions for teaching and learning : no. 2 . learning & hellip ;  
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining rammm mehta j shafer vldb proceedings of 24th international conference on very & hellip ;  
the hydrodynamics of the mixing chambers of a nuclear power plant at . an opanasenko nn shan ` gin   
macromolecules 2004 y li ya akpalu    
algebraic surface design with hermite interpolation cl bajaj i ihm 1992.0  acm transactions on graphics ( tog )  
clustering techniques for large data setsâ ?? from the past to the future da keim a hinneburg 1999.0  conference on knowledge discovery in data  
workplace learning as a cultural technology n solomon new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0    
15-17 1999 piscataway nj : ieee s germany   
using assessment data to improve teaching . pj gray  new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
annotated bibliography on computer-aided process planning hc leung  the international journal of advanced manufacturing & hellip ; 1996.0 
ecological methodology : harper and row cj krebs new york    
concurrency control hjrr index ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering  
optimal shape design for elliptic equations via bie-methods applied mathematics and computer science 2000.0 k eppler   
whither data mining ? r agrawal r srikant   
algebraic k-theory of local number fields : the unramified case to m bokstedt i madsen   
student writing in philosophy : a sketch of five techniques new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 sm fishman   
basin-scale variability of phytoplankton biomass production and growth in the atlantic ocean e maraã ± ã ³ n deep-sea research i 2000.0 
microsoft windows 2000 server distributed systems guide d lundman d stern  2000.0 
cautious transaction schedulers with admission control acm transactions on database systems n katoh t ibaraki t kameda  1985.0 
â ?? and we will welcome themâ ?? : reforming special education through chicago school reform t hehir new directions for program evaluation 1993.0 
connectivity simplified : an introduction to the ways of networking pc magazine fj derfler jr   
faster deterministic dictionaries r pagh    
orthogonal optimization of subqueries and aggregation sigmod conference 2001.0 ca galindo-legaria m joshi   
homogeneous transmutation of am cm and np in a fast brest reactor ik ganev av lopatkin vv orlov at .    
will wireless gaming be a winner ? n leavitt   
importance of rice pests and challenges to their management mb cohen s savary n huang o azzam sk datta see ref    
the code book : the science of cyptography from ancient egypt to quantum s singh   
the hbp-tree : a modified hb-tree supporting concurrency recovery and node consolidation proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 g evangelidis d lomet b salzberg   
cohomology of sheaves b iversen   1986.0 
changing ideas of the habitable world cj glacken see thomas    
soft toys with computer hearts : personal storytelling environments . m umaschi proceedings of acm sigchi    
an anti-aliasing technique for splatting je swan k mueller t moeller n shareef r proc . visualization    
rule-based spatiotemporal query processing for video databases me dã ¶ nderler ã ? ulusoy u gã 1/4 dã 1/4 kbay the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0    
a teaching strategy for memory-based control jw sheppard sl salzberg 1997.0  artificial intelligence review  
on the possibility and impossibility of achieving clock synchronization proceedings of the sixteenth annual acm symposium on theory & hellip ; 1984.0 d dolev j halpern hr strong   
designing development rules for artificial evolution ag rust r adams s george h bolouri   
computer aided design and fabrication of partial foot prosthesis da boone d mathews d smith  proceedings of the 23rd aaop annual meeting & scientific & hellip ;  
adaptable similarity search in large image databases t seidl hp kriegel   
seer cancer statistics review 1973â ?? 1991 : tables and graphs . nih pub . 96-2789 . national cancer md cl kosary lag ries ba miller bf hankey a   
inside microsoft windows 2000 3âª edi da solomon me russinovich  2000.0 
visualization of a pdp discharge growth and an interpretation of the growth mechanism t shiga k igarashi s mikoshiba  proc . int . display workshop  
an experiment to characterize videos on the world wide web s acharya b smith proc . acm multimedia  
source-location privacy in energy-constrained sensor network routing c ozturk y zhang w trappe   
s. 162 ff. ; ebenso jakobs b hake   
ec 120 design jc bouvier european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings.   1999.0 
analysis and simulation of clutch engagement judder and stick-slip in automotive powertrain systems a crowther n zhang dk liu jk jeyakumaran    
propagation of an elliptic gaussian laser beam in a medium with saturable nonlinearity s konar a sengupta    
multipotential nestin-positive stem cells isolated from adult pancreatic islets differentiate ex diabetes-new york - 2001.0 h zulewski ej abraham mj gerlach pb daniel w   
supporting knowledge-intensive processes with workflow management systems t goesmann m hoffmann verteiltes arbeiten-arbeit der zukunft . proceedings of d - & hellip ;    
a development in cockpit geometry evaluation [ r ] lf hickey we springer  seattle washington : the boeing company november  
on statistical hypotheses testing via simulation method b dimitrov d green jr v rykov p stanchev   
the humphrey institute : designing institutions of governance new directions for higher education 2000.0 je brandl ge schuh   
a semantic modeling approach for image retrieval by content the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 ww chu it leong rk taira   
washington state early childhood education career and wage ladder pilot project : evaluation report j brown  2002.0 
quest synthetic data generator r agrawal r srikant ibm almaden research center san jose california h ttp : / /  
inside sql server 7.0 1999 microsoft k delaney r soukup   
synchronized continuous media playback through the world wide web k mayer-patel d simpson d wu la rowe proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0    
towards on-line analytical mining in large databases h jiawei acm sigmod record    
networks on chip : a new soc paradigm g de micheli l benini ieee computer    
an approach to standardizing computer systems e morenoff jb mclean    
redo recovery principles sigmod record 2002.0 o background   
ramakrishnan srikant fast algorithms for mining association rules r agrawal  proc . 20th tnt . conf very large data bases  
managing change in mandatory adoption situations ap massey m montoya-weiss sa brown   
accommodation : a working paradigm for progressing toward clinical discordant xenografting transplant proc 1991.0 fh bach ma turman gm vercellotti jl platt ap   
malignant lymphomas in transplantation patients 1969.0 i penn w hammond l brettschneider te starzl transplant proc  
knowledge engineering research in petrophysics in shell p van der pas ljb homan  procs . second international expert system conference  
john wain : the will to write wv o'connor wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1960.0 
detailed analytical model of a single-cylinder diesel engine in the crank angle domain proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; yh zweiri jf whidborne ld seneviratne  2001.0 
sptrx-2 a fusion protein composed of one thioredoxin and three tandemly repeated ndp-kinase domains cm sadek ae damdimopoulos m pelto-huikko ja 2001.0  genes to cells  
trigonella foenumgraecum km nadkarni india materia medica . popular prakashan . bombay  
soft typing r cartwright m fagan    
inc. ( 1999 ) mset applications final report-cold demonstration of    
l and bhalla cp 1971 at dl walters  at . data  
white paper : microsoft index selection tool for sql server s ghaudhuri v narasayya  1998.0 
proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world wide web : an approach and a datta k dutta h thomas d vandermeer k acm transactions on database systems   2004.0 
career education : a prospective a retrospective and a few guesses . ae levine  new directions for higher education 1987.0 
critical and postmodern perspectives on adult learning 2001.0 dw kilgore new directions for adult and continuing education  
enhancement and bandwidth compression of noisy speech ieee proceedings js lim av oppenheim  1979.0 
multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkhoff hp kriegel r schneider b seeger    
aspects of effective learning environments new directions for adult and continuing education r hiemstra  1991.0 
long abstract and poster in 5th world congress of the institute of american chemical engineers m wijk e wikstad m kritikos r norrestam g  san diego  
integrating vertical and horizontal partitioning into automated physical database s agrawal v narasayya b yang proceedings of the acm  
comparative analysis of five xml query languages sigmod record a bonifati s ceri  2000.0 
numerical study of the steady state uniform flow past a rotating cylinder jc padrino dd joseph   
functionality and architecture of psees a fuggetta 1996.0  information and software technology  
hardwood bii and net primary producdon following clearcnningâ ?? in the coweeta basin lr bating wt swat & im rt. brooks jr. ( editor ) procs  
webdav : work together . from pc m floyd   
masking system crashes in database applications j freytag f cristian b kaehler  proc . intl. conf . on very large data bases sep  
emmerce yourself m brandel a alper   
mining community structure of named entities from free text x li b liu 2005.0  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;  
dynamic voting algorithms for maintaining the consistency of a replicated database s jajodia d mutchler acm transactions on database systems   1990.0 
long and winding road : collaborative it and organizational change h karsten m jones proc acm conf comput support coop work 1998.0 
g. weikum . the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database disk buffering on ej on pe  1993.0 
the vis-a-vid transparent video facetop d stotts j smith d jen  proceedings of acm uist 2003.0 
inside microsoft windows 2000 chapter 12 : file systems da solomon me russinovich   2000.0 
confidence intervals for factor forecasts with many predictors j bai s ng unpublished manuscript  
statistics on views ca galindo-legaria mm joshi f waas mc wu  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
the energy release in the reaction li $ sup 7 $ ( d p ) li $ sup 8 $ 1950.0 eb paul phil . mag  
musicstory : a personalized music video creator proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 da shamma b pardo kj hammond   
evaluation of trends in runoff in the western united states : managing water resources during global kl wahl proc . american water resources association 28th annual conf . & hellip ;    
the pyramid-tree : towards breaking the curse of dimensionality s berchtold c bã ¶ hm hp kriegel proc . int . conf . on management of data ( sigmodâ ?? 98 ) & hellip ;  
cocaine-induced wide complex dysrhythmia w kerns l garvey j owens journal of emergency medicine 1997.0    
a plcdelta 1-binding protein p 122/rhogap is localized in caveolin-enriched membrane domains and 2004.0 m yamaga m sekimata m fujii k kawai h kamata genes to cells  
introduction to a new approach to experiential learning l jackson i macisaac  new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
communications for the construction industry gw popple sp towndrow 1994.0  bt technology journal  
materialized view and index selection tool for microsoft sql server 2000 2001.0 s agrawal s chaudhuri v narasayya sigmod conference  
questioning thrombolytic use for cerebrovascular accidents j li journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
evaluation of avector space similarity measure in a multilingual framework r besanã § on m rajman  procs . 3rd international conference on language resources & hellip ;  
efficiently mining long patternsfrom databases r bayardo proc . of the acm sigmod conference  
does nyse listing affect firm visibility ? hk baker ge powell dg weaver   
making on-line services work for you a kantor  pc magazine march  
prevention versus treatment for malaria in pregnant women p garner am gulmezoglu 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev  
the r * - tree : an efficientandrobustaccess methodforpoints andrectangles n beckmann h kriegel r schneider b seeger  proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
statistics in epidemiology : methods techniques and applications 1996.0 h sahai a khurshid   
challenges in the successful transfer of formal methods technology into industrial applications h saiedian mg hinchey 1996.0  information and software technology  
robotised applications using solid state laser for the automotive industry & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; m dorronsoro  1992.0 
the r * tree : an efficient and robust index method for points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger acm sigmod conf . on the management of  
airport wlans lack safeguards b brewin d verton  computerworld  
azathioprine for maintaining remission of crohn 's disease cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 dc pearson gr may g fick lr sutherland   
synchronizing oscillators in mesh-connected networks ga pratt j nguyen preparation . mit laboratory for computer  
an annotated bibliography of interactive program steering acm sigplan notices w gu j vetter k schwan  1994.0 
fast parallel similarity search in multimedia databases s berchtold sigmod conference 1997.0    
the potential impact of the reperfusion injury on acute and chronic rejection events following organ w land 1994.0  transplantation proceedings  
bisecting k-means and pddp : a comparative analysis sm savaresi dl boley  2000.0 
smartbo g elger b furugren an ict and computer-based demonstration home for the & hellip ;  
the htk book for htk 3.1 s young g evermann gm kershaw j odell d 2001.0    
mutation testing - its origin and evolution mr woodward information and software technology   1993.0 
compare asic capacities with gate array benchmarks b osann a el gamal electronic design  
performance of b-tree concurrency algorithms v srinivasan mj carey sigmod conference  
an active functionality service for e-business applications m cilia ap buchmann 2002.0  sigmod record  
two new imaging techniques promise to improve ic defect identification electronic design c ajluni   
pacific telesis head turns over firm to hand-picked heir . san diego cw ross   
supporting telecom business processes by means of workflow management and federated databases w nijenhuis w jonker p grefen   
university buildings and energy-problems and perspectives e trianti s stournas c younis p schoinas technical chamber of greece conf . proceedings athens & hellip ;  
large data sets and confusing scenes in 3-d surface matching and recognition o carmichael d huber m hebert 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ; 1999.0    
tungsten refractory metal-1994 mc hogwood r bentley 1995.0  proc . int . conf  
compressing sql workloads s chaudhuri ak gupta vr narasayya    
role of non-stachastic-based metrics in quantification of software reliability e petrova a veevers information and software technology   1990.0 
business process management : models techniques and empirical studies lecture notes in computer science 1806.0 wmp van der aalst j desel a oberweis   
empirical models for indoor propagation in ctu prague buildings p pechac m klepal 2000.0  radioengineering-prague -  
evaluation of an alternating-prf method for extending the range of unambiguous doppler velocity t dazhang sg geotis re passarelli conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0    
adaptive neural network classifier with multifloat input coding proceedings of neuronimes &#39; 93 nimes france oct. 25-29 & hellip ; em kussul tn baidyk vv lukovich da rachkovskij   
p3p and the privacy legislation in germany : can p3p help to protect privacy worldwide r grimm a rossnagel   
â ?? â ?? i ask that it be included in the official printed record toh children   
towards e ective and e cient free space management ml mcauliffe mj carey mh solomon  proc . of the acm sigmod seiten  
research issues in databases for active rapidly changing data systems arcs acm sigmod record a datta   
the evolutionary model of design in approaches to computer aided architectural composition jh frazer jm frazer technical university of bialystok    
techniques for logic synthesis ar newton  proceedings ofthe ifip international conference on very  
dual career paths reduce turnover b cole-gomolski computerworld  
analysiso fth e premature structural failures in static tested aircraft ls jablecki dissertation 1955 die eidgenossische technische hochschule    
schema evolution in database systems : an annotated bibliography jf roddick  acm sigmod record 1992.0 
the circular microstrip antenna element proc . int . conf . antennas propagation ag derneryd   
numerical calculations of wave propagation in tokamak plasmas ( abstract only ) s sipila s karttunen t pattikangas r salomaa 1991.0  oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;  
secure computation ( chapters 1-3 ) s micali p rogaway laboratory for computer science    
pediatric death : managing the aftermath in the emergency department w ahrens r hart n maruyama journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
electronic profilingâ ?? critics fear systems may trample civil rights k nash computerworld    
concerning liquid metal embrittlement particularly of zinc monocrystals by mercury arc westwood mh kamdar phil . mag    
1992 . access method concurrency with recovery db lomet b salzberg proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of    
absolute stability and dynamic complementarity vs kozyakin a mandelbaum  submitted for  
seer cancer statistics review 1973â ?? 1999 . national cancer institute . bethesda md rlagempk cl   
pirahesh . h. : extensible query processing in starburst l haas jc freytag g lohman  proc . of the acm sigmod conf. portland  
strong ground motion characteristics and structural damage during the 1999 kocaeli earthquake proc . of 28th ground vibration symp m motosaka   
mythologies vintage london r barthes  1993.0 
technique for universal quantification in sql . sigmod record 1991 sigmod record 1991.0 
â ?? de-noising via soft-thresholding technical report dept. statistics stanford university 37p. dld don0921  921.0 
social responses to the cults ad shupe dg bromley see hammond  
secure transaction processing in real-time database systems proc . of acm sigmod conf may b george j haritsa   
new tpc benchmarks for decision support and web commerce acm sigmod record m poess c floyd  2000.0 
tracking the best expert ii unpublished manuscript m herbster   
an introduction to primary mentoring t maynard adolescence-san diego - 2000.0    
antenna diagnosis using microwave holographic techniques on a far-field range ep ekelman  & hellip ; techniques associatkâ ?? rr symposium seattle washington & hellip ;  
an investigation of documents from the world wide web a woodruff pm aoki ea brewer p gauthier la www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
framework for development of conceptual data modelling techniques hd crockett j guynes cw slinkman information and software technology 1991.0 
dbms selection and evaluation : perspectives and practical issues b berlin   
resistivity of carbon-graphite materials after neutron irradiation ig lebedev  at .  
query optimization by simulation annealing ye ioannidis e wong  proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf  
characterization of cu ( inga ) se/sub 2/solar cells with high ga content wn shafarman r klenk be mccandless  proceedings of the 25 h ieee photovoltaic specialist & hellip ;  
rage in the workplace computerworld m solomon   
social movements class and adult education s walters new directions for adult and continuing education   2005.0 
a scalable parallel classier for data mining proc . 22nd international conference on vldb mumbai india . ( j shafer r agrawal m mehta   
a word grammar of turkish with morphophonemic rules sm oztaner   1996.0 
epr of carbonate derived radicals : applications in dosimetry dating and detection of irradiated f callens g vanhaelewyn p matthys e boesman  applied magnetic resonance 1998.0 
pegasus architecture and design principles mc shan 1993.0  proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
an effective test generation system for sequential circuits r marlett proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0    
an integrated approach to communications switching dj mcauliffe proc . int &#39; l comm . conf  
database desiqn tools m bouzeghoub g gardarin e metals  an expert system approach proceedings of the vldb & hellip ;  
separation of motions in systems with a rapidly rotating phase ai neishtadt  prikladnaia matematika i mekhanika 1984.0 
from counterculture to counterrevolution : a teaching career 1959-1984 j axelrod  new directions for teaching and learning  
fast algorithms for mining association rules in large databases proceedings of international conference on very large & hellip ; ra as941 r srikant   
color quantization by dynamic programming and principal analysis 1992.0 x wu acm transactions on graphics ( tog )  
minilaparotomy and endoscopic techniques for tubal sterilisation r kulier m boulvain d walker g de candolle a cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
xml data exchange : consistency and query answering m arenas l libkin    
laboratory measurement of rolling resistance in truck tyres under dynamic vertical load . aa popov dj cole cb winkler d cebon    
a scrollbar-based visualization for document navigation d byrd    
a simulation study of the eurotransplant liver allocation procedureâ ?? master thesis m bogers technical university delft    
a free form snake-based algorithm for lane detection zk lu ek teoh procs mva-2000 nov    
pharmacokinetics of dr-3355 a new quinolone in healthy volunteers proc 28th icaac m nakashima t uematsu m kanamaru o okazaki s   
autocad release 12 reference manual a ltd 1994.0    
controlled impact demonstration on-board ( interior ) photographic system cj may & hellip ; - scale transport controlled impact demonstration p 209-239 ( & hellip ; 1986.0    
differential phase shift ( ( for radar propagation in rain ) ) ar jameson  conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
dunnill p. humphrey ae lilly md d wang   
computing parametrizations of rational algebraic curves m van hoeij   
generalized additive models . dept tj hastie rj tibshirani   1984.0 
six evaluation issues that synthesis can resolve better than single studies rj light new directions for program evaluation   1984.0 
for client-server systems with multi-class requests â ?? dc petriu mva approximate proc . of acm    
der fremdenverkehr in rothenburg ob der tauber : eine fremdenverkehrsgeographische untersuchung r ehnes   1974.0 
d. tonescu â ?? a generalized temporal logic approach for control problems of a class of jy lin proc . 29th ieee confl decision & control honolulu    
neeraj ; goe c. '' hierarchical censored production rules system employing dempsterâ ?? shafer k bharadwaj information and software technology  
workflow redesign through consolidation in information-intensive business processes r dewan a seidmann    
image wave : a study on image synchronization r suzuki y iwadate m minoh  proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 1999.0 
achieving civic competence through a draft writing process social studies and the young learner 1997.0 np gallavan   
access methods for multiversion data d lomet b salzberg  proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1989.0 
a new algorithm for faster mining of generalized association rules j hipp a myka r wirth    
the importance of being earnest electronic business s caudron   
the past was no illusion 1998.0 w bransford acm press siggraph series  
three-dimensional dynamic structure of the lipid bilayer membranes : an epr spin label study wk subczynski a wisniewska cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
a tool for on-line visualization and interactive steering of parallel hpc applications s rathmayer m lenke    
improving business process quality through exception understanding prediction and prevention d grigori 2001.0  vldb  
bed rest in singleton pregnancies for preventing preterm birth c sosa f althabe j belizan e bergel cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
created by ministerial resolution no. 536 july 5 1999 at11 . 21there is a three child difference npf mphsa   
towards a social analysis of penality d garland p young the power to punish  
the hopf bifurcation and its applications je marsden m mccracken 1976.0    
maskerade-angriffe im internet eine demonstration fã 1/4 r unsicherheit . datenschutz und & hellip ; dfsh damker h federrath mj schneider   
assessing measurement system acceptability for process control and analysis using gage r & r study j wang  2004.0 
mutated query plans v papadimos d maier information and software technology    
managing structure in bits & pieces : the killer use case for xml proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 e sedlar   
carey and al. shoring up persistent applications proc . acm sigmod symp . on the management of data sb davidson as koskym   
computer-supported meeting environment for collaborative software development 1996.0 e kuwana e yana y sakamoto y nakamura k information and software technology  
women in the information technology industry : a western australian view loâ ?? neill-cooper ea walker  proceedings of the 14 thecis 2001 conference 25-26 june  
a review of data mining techniques sj lee k siau    
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles proc n bechmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger acm sigmod    
mccanne . amodel analysis and protocol framework for soft state-based communication s ramanands proc . of acm    
mining fuzzy quantitative association rules w zhang   
delayed toxicity following ingestion of enteric-coated divalproex sodium ( epival ) - biochemical jr brubacher p dahghani d mcknight journal of emergency medicine 1999.0    
heuristics for planning and presenting effective certificate programs . 1991.0 bd bratton new directions for adult and continuing education  
snap-together visualization : a user interface for coordinating visualization for relational schemata c north b shneiderman conference proceedings of acm advanced visual interfaces  
sensate mediaâ ?? multimodal electronic skins as dense sensor networks bt technology journal ja paradiso j lifton m broxton  2004.0 
iterative multi-step explicit camera calibrationâ ?? computer vision ( iccv98 ) bombay india january j batista   
automotive transducers : an overview mh westbrook & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1988.0 
pressure corrections for potential flow analysis of capillary of two viscous fluids j wang dd joseph t funada  2004.0 
derived relations : a unified mechanism for views snapshots and distributed data me adiba vldb   1981.0 
good : agraph-oriented object database system m gemis j paredaens i thyssens   
database techniques for the world -- wide web . . a survey f daniela l alon m alberto sigmod record  
a semifilter approach to selection principles ii : ï?â ?? - covers l zdomsky   
managing risk pc magazine e greenberg   
tappi pulp . conf s wang h chang h jameel  1994.0 
paths of a generation : a comparative longitudinal study of young adults in the former soviet union . m titma nb tuma 1995.0    
profile : evaluation of coastal management plans with a spatial model : mississippi delta louisiana environmental management 2000.0 jayf martin   
on using orthogonal functions for the analysis of singular systems w marszalek iee proceedings    
feverfew for preventing migraine mh pittler e ernst cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
pryce and hall b bleaney pm llewellyn phil . mag  
mechanical analysis of kicking biomechanics i e roberts a metcalfe   
structure and orientation of molecules chemisorbed on alumina : a tunneling spectroscopy study 1978.0 jt hall ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara.  
randomization in privacy-preserving data mining av evfimievski    
fertility transition in india : problems and prospects the family welfare programme in india bombay : vikas & hellip ; kb pathak bs singh   
an observation on database buffering performance metrics vldb rb hagmann  1986.0 
2531 to 2536 office of reference materials nist gaithersburg ne srms    
learned helplessness in children : a longitudinal study of depression achievement and explanatory 1986.0 s nolen-hoeksema js girgus mep seligman journal of personality and social psychology  
comparative analysis of the self-incompatibility ( s - ) locus region of prunus mume : identification of t entani m iwano h shiba fs che a isogai s genes to cells 2003.0    
fabrication of cdznte strip detectors for large area arrays cm stahle zq shi k hu sd barthelmy sj  proc . spie 1997.0 
corporate social responsibility and firm financial performance jb mcguire a sundgren t schneeweis  the academy of management journal 1988.0 
nationalism and the politics of culture in quebec r handler   1988.0 
barriers to success in quantitative gatekeeper courses j gainen 1994.0  new directions for teaching and learning  
cognitive economy and the role of representation in on-line learning dj finton 2002.0    
possibility of using skeletal tables for pipes to calculate critical heat transfer in rod bundles in ym zhukov at .    
high speed parallel multi-chip interconnection using free space optics x zheng p marchand d huang s esener   
e. suresha and ramamritham krithi ( 2002 ) . proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated a datta k dutta hm thomas d vandermeer proceedings of 2002 acm sigmod conference madison & hellip ;    
constraint satisfaction problems and finite algebras aa bulatov aa krokhin p jeavons lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
functional logic overloading m gasbichler m neubauer m sperber p thiemann  conference record of the acm symposium on principles of & hellip ; 2002.0 
andh.-p . kriegel . the pyramid technique : towards breaking the curse of dimensionality s berchtold c bohm  proc . of the acmsigmod international conference on  
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us a mccormack  bt technology journal 2005.0 
genetic techniques for analysis of nematode muscle see ref a bejsovec d eide p anderson   
islamic resurgence and neoliberal economic reforms in west asia g pant international studies-bombay then new delhi -   2001.0 
on the formation of interstitial loops in bcc metals bl eyre r bullough phil . mag    
a class meetings approach to classroom cohesiveness . perspectives . f miller social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
effortfulness and flexibility of dispositional judgment processes journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 y trope t alfieri   
foto-en filmencyclopedie e focus    
designing a reward system to promote the career development of senior faculty new directions for teaching and learning dw farmer  1993.0 
labor and the new deal m derber e young  1957.0 
using a color reflection model to separate highlights from object color gj klinker sa shafer t kanade   
reducing risk through process improvement in rapidly changing business and e-commerce environments h li m ross g king g staples  software quality management-international conference -  
fast policy/local discipline : the politics of scale and the neoliberal workfare offensive annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ; b jessop j peck   
spot noise texture synthesis for data visualization acm siggraph computer graphics 1991.0 jj van wijk   
business development in it-dependent organisations t nordstrã ¶ m m sã ¶ derstrã ¶ m o hanseth   
database and transaction processing benchmarks j gray    
interface segregation and related processes in materials j nowotny   1991.0 
developing and applying the study of comparative cultures . 1990.0 jl barth social studies and the young learner  
channel network incision and patterns of mountain geomorphology 1998.0 eb safran   
human impact on the black bear in michigan 's lower peninsula am manville international conference on bear research and management  
eliciting and modelling the design knowledge of multiple experts p hammond jc davenport submitted for publication    
on the production of vibrations by forces of relatively long duration with application to the theory l rayleigh phil . mag  
wide area trafficâ ?? the failure ofâ ?? poisson modehng proc . acm v paxson s floyd   
fast algo . for mining assoiciation rules r agrawal r srikant proc . the 20th vldb    
teaching and learning on the world wide web s alexander proceedings of ausweb  
quantum inverse scattering method correlation functions and algebraic bethe ansatz ve korepin ag izergin nm bogoliubov cambridge to appear in    
modeling and visualization of 3d polygonal mesh surfaces using geometric algebra submitted for md zaharia l dorst   
fast sequential and parallel algorithms for association rule mining : a comparison university of md a mueller   
inhaled corticosteroids for cystic fibrosis c dezateux s walters i balfour-lynn 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev  
the origin of the winnerâ ?? s curse g charness d levin  2005.0 
beneficial effects of nalmefene augmentation in neuroleptic-stabilized schizophrenic patients neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 mh rapaport o wolkowitz jr kelsoe c pato   
rapidly building synchronous collaborative applications by direct manipulation g banavar s doddapaneni k miller b mukherjee    
an efficient cost-driven index selection tool for microsoft sql server s chaudhuri v narasayya  vldb 1997.0 
graphic visualization and animation of lotos execution traces b stepien l logrippo  computer networks 2002.0 
a note on the viscosity of gases and molecular mean free path ae schuil  phil . mag  
micro-organisms of cheese brine e litopoulou-tzanetaki 1984.0    
managing intervals efficiently in object-relational databases 2000.0 hp kriegel m poetke t seidl vldb  
the empirical content of nash-bargained household behavior the journal of human resources 1990.0 mb mcelroy   
integrated concurrency control and recovery mechanisms : design and performance evaluation r agrawal dj dewitt acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
multimedia-miner : a system prototype formultimedia data mining or zaiane j hanâ ? ¦ proc . of1998acm sigmod conf on management of data . seattle  
dataspace : 3-d visualization of large databases v anupam s dar t leibfried e petajan proc . int &#39; l symp . information visualization  
dynamic query execution plans g graefe k ward proceedings of the acm sigmod conference ( may  
an annotated bibliography on real-time database systems o ulusoy 1995.0  sigmod record  
alpha-interferon for acute hepatitis c in liver transplant patients transplantation proceedings 1995.0 v vargas r charco l castells r esteban   
probiotics for treating infectious diarrhoea 2004.0 sj allen b okoko e martinez g gregorio lf dans cochrane database syst rev  
access method concurrency control with recovery d lomet b salzberg  acm sigmod conf . on the management of data  
outdoor education and its educational objectives p smith geography    
a review of recent work on multi-attribute access methods 1992.0 d lomet sigmod record  
the purpose of human resource development is to improve organizational performance ra swanson de arnold new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
soliton propagation in the presence of source chirping and mutual interaction in single-mode optical c desem pl chu electronic letters    
using a landscape metaphor to represent a corpus of documents m chalmers lecture notes in computer science 1993.0    
qe . 1994 . the changing office pc pc mag   
correcting the functionality of a wirepipelined circuit v nookala ss sapatnekar  proc . acm/ieee dac  
a model for the biological precipitation of precambrian iron formation : part a. geological evidence 1987.0 gl laberge ei robbins tm han   
radical novelty in the borderless world ; towards teacherless and campus-less learning programmes r sadananda    
indexing and retrieval of 3d models aided by active learning c zhang t chen    
national storage industry consortium and optoelectronics industry development association noods roadmap san diego    
man 's impact on the environment : some recent perspectives . f oldfield 1983.0  geography  
the sources of hourly earnings variation in the large-scale sector of guatemala e funkhouser   
browsing the mobile internet l george ieee computer    
non-smoothness in the asymptotics of thin shells and propagation of singularities . a hyperbolic case 2002.0 p karamian j sanchez-hubert e sanchez-palencia applied mathematics and computer science  
censura forensis m hewett    
not can but will college teachers be improved p cross new directions for higher education    
generalized seizure in a 30-year-old man with presumed intracranial hemorrhage : a case report s mcfarlane c doty s zehtabchi g casey journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
electric contacts handbook r holm   1958.0 
sprint : a scalable parallel classifier for data mining cs john r agrawal m mehta proc . 22nd int . conf . very large databases  
active learning and its use in computer science jj mcconnell 1996.0  acm sigcue outlook  
the hb ^ î - tree : a multi-attribute index supporting concurrency recovery and node consolidation g evangelidis d lomet b salzberg the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
effects of the tansui river education programs on high school studentsâ ?? environmental education sm wang proceedings of the national science council part d    
the influence of implicit motives on memory processes 2001.0 b woike e lavezzary j barsky journal of personality and social psychology  
towards development of secure systems using umlsec j jurjens 2001.0  lecture notes in computer science  
homoplasy the recurrence of similarity in evolution : academic press mj sanderson l hufford  san diego ca  
21 : 753â ?? 759 1973 ap india  study of diabetes in india annual meeting bombay  
access methods for multiversion data bj salzberg d lomet acmsigmod international conference on the management of    
effective teaching of adults : themes and conclusions jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
activation of the human immunodeficiency virus-1 long terminal repeat by respiratory burst oxidants 1999.0 sj klebanoff cm headley blood-new york -  
experimental investigation into the penetration of soft solids oa shergold na fleck  2004.0 
managing engineering information with hypermedia boeing commercial airplane group seattle washington pr nelson d schuler   
total quality control av feigenbaum   
the role of grass-eating termites in the degradation of a mulga ecosystem search i jal watson fj gay   
xew directions in qjiantztative comparative socio-logy . 1999 w arts l halman    
conceptual and nonconceptual processes in the concept-shift behavior of kindergarten children rh ellis  1974.0 
the performance of current data structure algorithms t jonhson d shasha  acm transactions on database systems  
fast discovery of association rules . '' advances in knowledge discovery and data mining . aaai/mit proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ; r agrawal h mannila r srikant h toivonen ai   
vigilance impairment : assessment by driving simulators cfp george sleep-new york - 2000.0 
not can but will college teaching be improved 1977.0 p cross new directions for higher education  
fast algorithms for mining association rules . ( 1994 ) r agrawal r srikant  proceedings of vldb international conference on very large  
electromagnetic wave propagation on helical structures s sensiper proc . ire    
seven kinds of randomization plans for designing field experiments rf boruch w wothke new directions for program evaluation    
the career socialization of women in school administration c marshall  1979.0 
algorithms for complementarity problems and generalized equations sc billups  1995.0 
transparent internet e-mail security r levien l mccarthy m blaze submitted for    
experimental population biology in fragmented landscape 2003.0 c perret   
full qcd algorithms towards the chiral limit m hasenbusch    
on-line spoilage detection by magnetic resonance imaging tw skloss c nicholls tw schenz at process 2000.0    
an ex-post evaluation of the conservation reserve program : participation erosion and interaction bk goodwin vh smith c hammond unpublished manuscript    
comparison of macroscopic and microscopic models for ultrashort pulses propagation in nonlinear a bourgeade o saut    
an approach to balancing the risks of r & d performance goals jp martino   
asymptotic choice number for triangle free graphs to ar johansson   
server 2000 books online v8 . 00.02 sql mic04 microsoft corp 2004.0    
a static robust control of an electroplating line with a periodic output objective jp denat sc dutilleul s marteau 2nd international conference on management and control of & hellip ;  
eating disordered adolescent males adolescence-san diego - ao eliot cw baker  2001.0 
the changing office ' b machrone ma bragen l grunin pc  
studies of the li test to distinguish beidellite and montmorillonite proc . int . clay conf am bystrã ¶ m-brusewitz   
hazards in changing cities jk mitchell applied geography   1998.0 
cytochrome b me nelson g finazzi qj wang ka middleton-zarka   
interpretation of macro-and micro-mixing measured by dualwavelength photometric tomographyâ ?? m rahimi m buchmann r mann d mewes  proceedings  
gameod : an internet based game-on-demand framework f li rwh lau d kilis 2004.0  proceedings of acm vrst  
dieless nc forming and sheet fluid forming t maki imtma conference bombay india  
srikant r. fastalgorithms formining association rules in large databases r agrawal  proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;  
diode lasers-an innovative tool for production laseropto-stuttgart - m haag  2000.0 
quantum mechanics li schiff   
perspectives from the history and the politics of bilingualism and bilingual education in the united k hakuta ef mostafapour  see parasnis 1996.0 
m. ross d. botstein d. and brown p. ( 1999 ) clustering methods for the analysis of dna r tibshirani te hastie  technical report stanford  
adaptive management of an active service network iw marshall c roadknight  bt technology journal 2000.0 
extending query rewriting techniques for fine-grained access control s rizvi a mendelzon s sudarshan p roy sigmod   2004.0 
managing text as data vldb 1986.0 g pavlovic-lazetic e wong   
replica determinism in fault-tolerant real-time systems s poledna  technical university of vienna  
rise above the static j downey pc magazine may  
consolidating and applying the sdl-pattern approach : a detailed case study information and software technology 2003.0 r gotzhein   
orthogonal functions analysis of singular systems with impulsive responses ieeexplore.ieee.org    
strategic planning and firm performance : a synthesis of more than two decades of research cc miller lb cardinal  the academy of management journal 1994.0 
improving the quality of iso 9001 audits in the field of software information and software technology aj walker   
on extending the functions of a relational databaee system proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod conference ( orlando fla. rl hasbin ra lorie   
estimating frequency of change 2000 j cho h garcia-molina submitted to vldb 2000 research    
concrete in the service of the modem world pk mehta   
time-resolved fluorescence imaging and background rejection by two-photon excitation in laser 1992.0 dw piston dr sandison ww webb proc . spie  
the multicultural factor : a curriculum multiplier . m turkovich p mueller 1989.0  social studies and the young learner  
origins and distribution of plants domesticated in the new world tropics b pickersgill cb heiser jr see ref  
sundar das application of an analytical model to evaluate storage structures tj de k teorey proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
relational confidence bounds are easy with the bootstrap 2005.0 a pol c jermaine proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
molecular objects adts and data models : a framework proceedings of the conference on very large databases ( & hellip ; d batory a buchmann   
parallel-program transformation using a metalanguage 1991.0 ja yang y choo acm sigplan notices  
statistics on views f waas c galindo-legaria mc wu m joshi proceedings of the 29th international conference on very & hellip ;    
will mpeg-4 fly ? y ozer  pc  
long journey in place : refugee women and social transformations in exile american association of geographersâ ?? annual conference & hellip ; j bascom   
bcpl : a tool for compiler writing and system programming m richards proc . afips    
operadic hochschild chain complex and free loop spaces arxiv preprin t math d chataur jc thomas   
geâ ?? s quality gamble k melymuka computerworld  
mining generalized association rules r agrawal r srikant proceedings of the 1995 international conference of very & hellip ;    
reai-time index concurrency control jr haritsa sigmod record 1996.0 
s-plus for windows user 's manual version 3.3 m soft  math soft seattle washington usa  
designing a generalized nf 2 model with an sql-type interface p pistor f andersen proc .    
april 1 1999 creel surveyor oregon state department of fish & wildlife telephone conversation ecology & environment inc. seattle n duncan   
nonlinear functional analysis and its applications 1986.0 e zeidler   
damping modelling and identification using generalized proportional damping s adhikari   
pippali ( piper longum ) & hellip ; for health and beauty . bombay india book house publishers s seth   
static cerebral autoregulation testing in healthy children during < 1 mac sevoflurane anesthesia ms vavilalaâ ? ¦ 2002.0    
â ?? a cry for privacy computerworld d radcliff   
lt jr. fully parallel generic branch-and-cut framework procs . of the 8th siam conf . on parallel proc . for & hellip ; trm eso l ladanyi   
dekeyser and seitz b amelinckx phil . mag    
soft computing for intelligent knowledge-based systems jf baldwin t martin b azvine  bt technology journal 1998.0 
the ethics of student-faculty friendships rl bakerâ ? ¦  new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
does the statutory overtime premium discourage long workweeks ? sj trejo   
managing the environment for older students . new directions for higher education 1980.0 le gelwicks r weinstock   
parallel algorithms for high-dimensional proximity joins jc shafer r agrawal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
a pragmatic approach to database design sh spewak vldb 1980.0 
halogen bonding based recognition processes : a world parallel to hydrogen bonding p metrangolo h neukirch t pilati g resnati acc . chem . res 2005.0    
the five most important entry-level employability skills that employers of the chippewa valley seek sr thompson  2001.0 
using vacations to increase the global awareness of students . dm bagley social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
does fuel hedging make economic sense ? the case of the us airline industry da carter da rogers bj simkins  2003.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?the ics-forth rdfsuite : managing voluminous rdf description bases procs of 2nd int . workshop on the semantic web ( semwebã cents â ? ¬ & hellip ; s alexaki v christophides g karvounarakis d   
the greek internet users in numbers newspaper ethnos athens greece january p mandravelis   
emergency department d-dimer testing at sadosty dg goyal et boie ck chiu journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
relational algebraic framework for the modelling and analysis of petri nets ck young gk tag information and software technology 1995.0    
entering the presidency new directions for higher education 1996.0 jb mclaughlin   
u. & jacobson l. ( 2001 ) . reading strategies in children with cerebral visual impairment due to ke fellenius unpublished  
multi-criteria decision making methods : a comparative study ( applied optimization volume 44 ) kluwer 2000.0 e triantaphyllou   
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for pointsand rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger  proc . 1990 acm sigmod  
advanced sar interferometry techniques with aer-ii proc . int . radar l roessing j ender   
the dissection of selection in person perception : inhibitory processes in social stereotyping cn macrae gv bodenhausen ab milne journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
research thrusts in small firm strategic planning rb robinson jr ja pearce ii the academy of management review   1984.0 
research issues in spatial databases o guenther sigmod record   1990.0 
security and privacy in sensor networks c haowen a perrig  ieee computer  
internet topology : connectivity of ip graphs 2001.0 a broido proc . spie  
an analytical method for estimating and interpreting query time hy hwang yt yu vldb 1987.0    
new tpc benchmarks for decision support and web commerce . the sigmod record 29 ( 4 ) m poess c floyd   2000.0 
extenion of bond order dependent potentials to include long range interactions theo . chem . acct j che t cagä ± n wa goddard iii at  
cultural diversity in the workplace : managing a multicultural work force . lg martin jm ross-gordon 1990.0  new directions for adult and continuing education  
universal extended theories of integers algebra i logika vi martâ ?? janov   
fiber bragg grating sensor system for civil structure monitoring : applications and field tests st vohra md todd ga johnson cc chang ba danver proc . spie 1999.0    
a72 exercise in the verification of multi-process programs z manna a pnueli technical report stanford university 1989 . to appear in a book    
specificatioll of user lnierihce in oo method . 1998 master of science thesis pj molina technical university of  
managing quality ( 3 rded . ) oxford : blackwell publishing bg dale  1999.0 
business process cockpit m sayal f casati u dayal mc shan 2002.0  vldb  
experimental-analytic approach to derive software performance 1992.0 ra ammar information and software technology  
groupware and social networks : will life ever be the same again m pendergast s hayne    
putting politics in its place : baliapal india as a terrain of resistance political geography p routledge   
secure concurrency control in firm real-time database systems distributed and parallel databases 2000.0 b george jr haritsa   
the jungian world of tennessee williams rh spero   1970.0 
application of electrodialysis and cation exchange technique to water and acid recovery environment protection engineering 1997.0 j wisniewski g wisniewska   
rotorcraft fatigue and damage tolerance b dickson b krasnowski j roesch d adams european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
boron and its role in crop production uc gupta   1993.0 
micromorphology of halloysite produced by weathering of plagioclase in volcanic ash proc . int . clay conf. oxford k tazaki   
performance appraisal : maintaining system effectiveness . dc martin km bartol public personnel management 1998.0    
crack propagation in high stress fatigue phil . mag c laird gc smith   
explorations in the world of work social studies and the young learner c mamola  1999.0 
semantically-based concurrancy control for search structures n goodman d shasha  proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
sitehelper : a localized agent that helps incremental exploration of the world wide web www6 / computer networks 1997.0 dsw ngu x wu   
idmp-based fast handoffs and paging a misraâ ? ¦  proc . int . conf . on 3gwireless  
manual of fumigation for insect control 1971.0 hau monro journal of pest science  
absolute quantification methods in tissue near infrared spectroscopy sj matcher p kirkpatrick k nahid m cope dt proc spie   1995.0 
clarans : efficient and effective clustering method for spatial data mining r ngâ ? ¦ proc . 1994 int . conf . very large data bases  
annotated bibliography on leadership development programming in higher education ha lewis 1994.0  new directions for higher education  
rapportage arbeidsmarkt zorg en welzijn 1999 hoofdrapport en tabellenrapport oktober 1999 æ ? 75 - zw nivel osa nzi   
world wide web search and retrieval electronic library h falk  1997.0 
h. pirahesh â ?? extensible query processing in starburstâ ?? l haas jc freytag gm lohman  proceedings of the 1989 sigmod conference portland or. & hellip ;  
globdata : consistency protocols for replicated databases fd munoz-escã ³ ä ±    
the impact of global clustering on spatial database systems t brinkhoff hp kriegel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
a confluence criterion based on the generalized newman lemma w kuchlin  proc .  
data in search of a theory : a critical examination of the relationships among social performance aa ullmann  the academy of management review 1985.0 
cognitive states discourse structure and the content of dialogue a lascarides n asher   
fools rush in ? the institutional context of industry creation he aldrich cm fiol  the academy of management review 1994.0 
reliably assessing reliability with sas software proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group international & hellip ; pm simpson pr phillips s lensing r hamer   
mining web informative structures and contents based on entropy analysis hy kao sh lin jm ho ms chen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
redo recovery after system crashes db lomet mr tuttle vldb 1995.0    
managing system and active-content integrity jr michener t acar    
microsoft windows programmierung fur experten d solomon 1999.0    
panel : â ?? from perception to visualizationâ ?? nd gershon proc . acm siggraph computer graphics  
the problem with landscape : some philosophical and practical questions geography-london - 1999.0 s harrison   
uber die diaphanoskopische untersuchung der weiblichen beckenorgane mit demonstration seines neuen diaphanoskops . zentralblatt & hellip ; j schramm-vogelsang   
activation frame memory management for the monsoon processor . master 's thesis dt chiou  1992.0 
1994 . the impact of global clustering on spatial database systems t brinkho hp kriegel  proc . 20th int . conf . on very large data  
values and methods : evaluation and management perspectives wd neigher w metlay new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 
tissue distribution and quantification of the expression of mrnas of peroxisome proliferator - j rieusset l fajas p vallier v frering jp  diabetes-new  
on ergodicity of some tar ( 2 ) processes submitted for publication n kunitomo  2001.0 
prostaglandins for prevention of postpartum haemorrhage am gulmezoglu f forna j villar gj hofmeyr 2002.0  cochrane database syst rev  
international forum on coating science and technology w limin c xichong athens greece  
attitude strength and resistance processes em pomerantz s chaiken rs tordesillas journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
career forum a labrinidis 2001.0  acm sigmod record  
low disturbance audio for awareness and privacy in media space applications ie smith se hudson    
federal perspectives on child obesity r carmona presentation  
using iterated irs model reduction techniques to calculate eigensolutions mi friswell sd garvey jet penny 1997.0  proc . spie  
the numbers game r garner d weldon computerworld  
career academies : impacts on students ' engagement and performance in high school . jj kemple jc snipes  2000.0 
gm-1 ganglioside and motor recovery following human spinal cord injury 1993.0 fh geisler journal of emergency medicine  
apparatus and techniques cm buck rp lancaster 2001.0  area  
optimal selection of measurement locations for parameter estimation in distributed processes 2000.0 d ucinski applied mathematics and computer science  
biological oxidations in oxic and anoxic marine environments : rates and processes 208 pp ah devol  ph. d. thesis university of washington seattle washington  
introducing an annotated bibliography on temporal and evolution aspects in the world wide web f grandi sigmod record 2004.0    
understanding bayesian reasoning via graphical displays wg cole  proceedings of acm conf . on human factors in computing  
e cient and effective clusteringmethodforspatialdatamining r ng j han proc . 1994 int . conf . very large data bases pages144 { 155  
insertion scheme for the crystal of the classical lie algebras ja kim du shin submitted for    
parisi . g 1991 replica eld theory for random manifolds j. phys . i france m mezard   
methods of calculation of nonstationary processes for separating multicomponent isotope mixtures in at . energ ia vereninov yv rakitsky   
a sequential statistical mutation-based testing strategy m sahinoglu eh spafford ieee proc . 28th annual spring reliability seminar    
link spam detection based on mass estimation z gyongyi p berkhin h garcia-molina j pedersen   
a 200 mhz cell for a parallel-successive-approximation adc in 0.8 âµ m cmos using a reference pre - je eklund    
dispositional optimism and recovery from coronary bypass surgery : the beneficial effects on physical journal of personality and social psychology mf scheier ka matthews jf owens gj magovern rc   
adaptive locking strategies in a multi-node data sharing environment am joshi 1991.0  vldb  
maintaining a large spatial index with t2sm c jermaine e omiecinski wg yee proceedings of acm-gis  
communication in reform new directions for higher education md george  2002.0 
expert systems : from database to knowledge base bj garner  information and software technology 1987.0 
logic aided lamarckian evolution e lamma    
fault tolerance of the backpropagation neural network trained on noisy inputs ji minnix   
modular manufacturing systems for laser welding cutting and heat treatment j held a gillner & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
molecular computing : the lock-key paradigm m conrad   
ny : hill and wang n yonk   
ultrasonographic guidance of transvenous pacemaker insertion in the emergency department : a report w macedo k sturmann jm kim j kang journal of emergency medicine 1999.0    
error propagation in directly georeferenced terrestrial laser scanner point clouds for cultural dd lichti sj gordon   
nature-materials 2002 w yang je butler w cai j carlisle d gruen t    
an associative classifier based on positive and negative rules ml antonie   
reaction of hydroperoxides with metallotetraphenylporphyrins in aqueous solution ej thomas  acc . chem . res  
the analysis of variance h scheff new york  
a foodborne outbreak causing a cholinergic syndrome c greenaway p orr journal of emergency medicine 1996.0    
five domains of interpersonal competence in peer relationships journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 d buhrmester w furman mt wittenberg ht reis   
genetic analysis of sym genes and other nodule-related genes in pisum sativum nf weeden be kneen ta larue  see ref  
a rule-based view of query optimization jc freytag freytag proc . acm sigmod conf    
profilingâ ?? technology r newbould r collingridge bt technology journal 2003.0 
from self-conceptions to self-worth : on the sources and structure of global self-esteem bw pelham wb swann journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
association rules and mechanizing hypotheses formation proceedings of ecml workshop : machine learning as & hellip ; j rauch   
science in india : institution building and the organizational system in historical perspective bombay : college of india and popular prakastan w morehause   
electron energy-loss spectroscopy in the electron microscope . rf egerton 1996.0    
probabilistic message passing in peer data management systems p cudre-mauroux k aberer a feher    
swipe : the ip security protocol to j ioannidis m blaze p karn   
search via laser receivers for interstellar communications m ross proc . ieee    
rp3 performance monitoring hardware wc brantley kp mcauliffe ta ngo 1989.0  acm press new york  
the achievement motive in women : implications for career development r baruch 1967.0  journal of personality and social psychology  
rs and stoy j. 1996 . lambda-s : an implicitly parallel lambda-calculus with letrec synchronization m arvind n jw technical report ( nov ) mit laboratory for computer science .  
privacy-preserving data mining r agrawal r srikant    
