the role of faculty advising in science and engineering jr cogdell new directions for teaching and learning   1995.0 
ded.   d. roncagliolo y u. velarde ( 1997 ) interactions and independence in stated preference j ortãºzar proceedings of the 25 theuropean transport  
survival skills for graduate school and beyond ba fischer   mj zigmond new directions for higher education   1998.0 
mentoring undergraduate minority students : an overview   survey   and model program mc terrell   rk hassell new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
characterizing the effects of clock jitter due to substrate noise in discrete-time 1 = 6 modulators p heydari proc . ieee/acm design automation conf    
bill 1989â ?? select committee p offences   
new developments in laser resonators ae siegman  1990.0 
cost effective dynamic program slicing x zhang   r gupta   
roussopoulos . performanceandscalabilityofclient-server database architecture a delisandn  1992.0 
controlled trial of internet based treatment for chronic back pain m buhrman   s fã $ ltenhag   l strã ¶ m   g andersson unpublished manuscript    
imino esters : versatile substrates for the catalytic   asymmetric synthesis of r-and î ² - ae taggi   am hafez   tr lectka amino acids and î ² - lactams . acc . chem . res    
dolphin : integrated meeting support across local and remote desktop environments and liveboards na streitz   j geiã?ler   jm haake   j hol proceedings of the 1994 acm conference on computer supported & hellip ;   1994.0 
potential interference to gps from uwb transmitters ; phase ii test results : accuracy   loss-of-lock   m luo   m koenig   d akos   s pullen   p enge technical report 3.0   stanford university   march  
santilliâ ?? s lieâ ?? isotopic generalization of galileiâ ?? s and einsteinâ ?? s relativities ( 1990 ) ak aringazin   a jannussis   df lopez   m nishioka   b kostarakis publisher   athens   greece  
knowledge of blindness adaptation techniques among rehabilitation undergraduate students mj hoover  2003.0 
the universal distribution and a free lunch for program induction j neil   j woodward unpublished  
an analysis of the relationship between nln pre-admission scores   age and student success in two em kirking  2004.0 
communication skills training for health care professionals working with cancer patients   their d fellowes   s wilkinson   p moore cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
composite objects revisited w kim   e bertino   jf garza proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1989.0 
yu . a. medvedev   and bm stepanov av zhemerev at .  
distance learning : whatâ ?? s holding back this boundless delivery system i bruder electronic learning   1989.0 
merialdo & p. sindoni   g.â ?? the araneus web-base management systemâ ?? g mecca   p atzeni   a masci acm sigmod international conference on management of  
the undergraduate curriculum and distance education . ge miller new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0 
helping faculty to help their students learn . j katz new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
yu . a. nikolaev   and yu . r. kevorkyan   â ?? grain-boundary segregation of phosphorous in low-alloy av nikolaeva at .  
compensatory conviction in the face of personal uncertainty : going to extremes and being oneself i mcgregor   mp zanna   jg holmes   sj spencer journal of personality and social psychology   2001.0 
oam : an office analysis methodology . office automation group memo oam-016 m sirbu   s schoichet   j kunin   m hammer  1981.0 
recent developments in sic power devices and related technology j millã ¡ n   p godignon   d tournier   
xml document versioning sy chien   vj tsotras   c zaniolo sigmod record   2001.0 
the md5 message-digest algorithm . request for comments 1321 rl r-vest  1992.0 
catalytic ethylene dimerization and oligomerization : recent developments with nickel complexes f speiser   p braunstein   l saussine acc . chem . res   2005.0 
0 . g. tsatalos   sj white   and mj zwiiiing . shoring up persistent applications mj carey   dj dewitt   mj franklin   ne hall   ml proc . acm sigmod  
caâ ?? s object database gets two-step release s craig computerworld    
issues in developing very large data warehouses l do   p drew   w jin   v jumani   d van rossum proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
northwest region seal and sea lion ( pinniped ) managment map of seal and sea lion trouble spots n fisheries national marine fisheries service   seattle   washington    
poesia : an ontological workflow approach for composing web services in agriculture r fileto   l liu   c pu   ed assad   cb medeiros the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
human t-cell lymphotrophic virus type-i ( htlv-i ) retrovirus and human disease dj bentrem   ee mcgovern   ml hammarskjoeld   rf journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
high-speed dacs require special testing pj hanlon   bl price electronic design    
j. oral laser appl m strassl   a kasenbacher   e wintner at  
international students publications and forms areas of study program administrators graduate faculty f assistance   
basic computer literacy skills expected of students by instructors at wisconsin indianhead technical rd pennings  2001.0 
efficient semantic-based content search in p2p network ht shen   y shu   b yu ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering.   2004.0 
asynchronous groupware support effects on process improvement groups : an action research study   rj mcqueen   
applying cosine series to join size estimation c luo   z jiang   wc hou proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
cardiotocography for antepartum fetal assessment n pattison   l mccowan cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
broadband pilot project brings architects   builders together onlineâ ?? â ?? s lais computerworld    
integration of asynchronous and self-checking multiple-valued current-mode circuits based on dual - t hanyu   m kameyama   
tuple routing strategies for distributed eddies f tian   dj dewitt vldb   2003.0 
co-operation in the digital ageâ ?? engendering trust in electronic environments a seleznyov   mo ahmed   s hailes bt technology journal   2004.0 
radioprotection ( colloques )   this issue na beresford   sm wright   cl barnett   jl hingston     
emergency treatment of fever phobia ds nelson journal of emergency nursing   1998.0 
fast software processing of motion jpeg video bc smith   
estuarine processes and intertidal habitats in grays harbor   washington lw gatto a demonstration of remote sensing techniques . crrel report    
convergence-innovation and change of market structures between television and online services m dowling   c lechner   b thielmann   
explaining the enigmatic anchoring effect : mechanisms of selective accessibility f strack   t mussweiler journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?dynamic voting . ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in proc s jajodia   d mutchler   
rooted circuits of closed-set systems and a max-flow min-cut theorem for stem clutters of affine m hachimori   m nakamura submitted for  
applying wavelets in image database retrieval jz wang   g wiederhold   o firschein   sx wei technical report   stanford university   november  
object-oriented and conventional analysis and design methodologies rg fichman   cf kemerer   
secure online 3d human body database a ruto   b buxton   i mirkin   c goonatilake procs of scanning    
necessary and sufficient conditions to linearize doubly recursive programs in logic databases w zhang   ct yu   d troy acm transactions on database systems   1990.0 
semantics-based concurrency control : beyond commutativity br badrinath   k ramamritham acm transactions on database systems   1992.0 
a case of nocardia epidural abscess al harvey   j myslinski   l ortiz journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
the internet : a learning environment r mcgreal new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
an accurate and efficient gate level delay calculator for mos circuits fc chang   cf chen   p subramaniam design automation conference   1988 . proceedings.   25th acm / & hellip ;   1988.0 
physically modelling the acoustics of a room using a digital waveguide mesh dt murphy   dm howard proceedings of the 25 theuromicro  
carnegie mellon university r cyert new directions for higher education   1988.0 
concept based query expansion qyf hp proc acm sigir    
query processing techniques in the summary-table-by-example database query language g ã?zsoyoä?lu   v matos   m ã?zsoyoä?lu acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1989.0 
customer handling intermediate serverâ ?? an architecture-led project g mathieson bt technology journal   1997.0 
hierarchical test generation based on alternative graph models j raik  1997.0 
towards a formal representation of device functionality jc bonnet   
single dose oral diclofenac for postoperative pain j barden   j edwards   r moore   h mcquay cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
test development for communication protocols : towards automation r dssouli   k saleh   e aboulhamid   a en-nouaary   c computer networks   1999.0 
emergency nurses ' perceptions of critical incidents and stress debriefing c burns   nj harm journal of emergency nursing   1993.0 
the impact of case on is professionals ' work and motivation to use case j iivari   j maansaari   
substructure clustering on sequential 3d object datasets z tan   akh tung data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
undergraduate curriculum 2000 . a levine new directions for higher education   1989.0 
blending finite-difference and vortex methods for incompressible flow simulations ml ould sahili   gh cottet   m el hamraoui   
deformation and fracture in amorphous solids ml falk  1998.0 
ramakrishnan r. livny m ( 1996 ) birch : an efficient data clustering method for very large database t zhang proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
integrity considerations for secure computer systems   the mltre corp.   report no . mtr-3153 revision kj biba technical report esd-tr-76-372   bedford   massachusetts   april  
over half of the women on public assistance in washington reported physical and sexual abuse as p roper   g weeks seattle : washington state institute for public policy    
pricing patterns in the online cd market : an empirical study ff tang electronic markets   2001.0 
smith . bl ( 1990 ) . learning communities : building connections among disciplines   students and faculty f gabelnick   j macgregor   r matthews new directions in teaching and  
the complexity-extremity effect and age-based stereotyping pw linville journal of personality and social psychology    
open channel flow fm henderson   
misconceptions about real-time transactions : a serious problem for next generation systems j stankovic ieee computer    
encapsulation of parallelism in the volcano processing systems g graefe proc . 1990 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
power in your pocket a hickman pc magazine online    
testing containment of coqiunctive queries under functional and inclusion dependencies ds ijkl johnson   a kiug proc . first acm sigaci-sigmod conf . on principles of  
icp determination of sulfur in polymeric materials g dipasquale   b casetta at . spectrosc    
learning golf under different goal conditions : their effects on irrelevant thoughts and subsequent e thill   f cury   d bryche   
tornadoâ ?? a global-scale peer-to-peer storage infrastructure hc hsiao   ct king submitted for  
determination of bone density in dental implantology by automatic subtraction of digital free { hand t lehmann   w schmitt   
current results and new developments of coronary angiography with use of contrast-enhanced computed tc gerber   rs kuzo   n karstaedt   ge lane   rl morin mayo clinic proceedings   2002.0 
zonisamide add-on for drugresistant partial epilepsy dw chadwick   ag marson cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
toward a descriptive stakeholder theory : an organizational life cycle approach im jawahar   gl mclaughlin academy of management review   2001.0 
afzaal 5   speir p   pergantis sa   thomas-oates j ej anal r pickford   m miguens-rodriguez at . spectrom    
second-class academics : chicano/latino faculty in us universities h garza new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
what 's the meaning of this ? rl kay   
the need for liberal education gk davies new directions for higher education   1994.0 
identification and estimation of the triangular simultaneous equations model in the absence of r klein   f vella  2003.0 
analyse und synthese nichtlinearer regelungssysteme mittels dierentialalgebra t wey   f svaricek automatisierungstechnik-at    
alan l. cox   sandhya dwarkadas   pete keleher   honghui lu   ramakrishnan rajamony   weimin yu   and c amza ieee computer    
the presentation of tetanus in an emergency department-tetanus so henderson   t mody   de groth   jj moore   e newton journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
an investigation of age and gender differences in physical self-concept among turkish late adolescence-san diego -   2002  2002.0 
space-bounded quantum computation jh watrous  1998.0 
measuring the conditions of the worldâ ?? s poor : the physical quality of life index md morris   
why sort-merge gives the best implementation of the natural joins 1983  1983.0 
issues in developing context-aware computing j pascoe   n ryan   d morse lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
using content models to build audio-video summaries   poster presentation and poster paper j saarela   b merialdo proc . acm  
computing pagerank in a distributed internet search engine system y wang   d dewitt proc . of vldbâ ?? 04 conf    
variations in decision makers ' use of information sources : the impact of quality and accessibility ca o'reilly iii the academy of management journal   1982.0 
the free-piston gas generator : a thermodynamic-dynamic analysis ak oppenheim   al london  1950.0 
g 1962 integration of the primitive and balance equations j charney proc .  
retrieval of horizontal wind field in stratiform precipitation by conical scannings from two doppler g scialom conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
l â ?? ing   pd   and \ \ â ?? a   sbâ ?? query optimization in star computer networks   â ?? l kcrschhcrg acm trans . database  
north carolina   page 24 - fcw co at age    
the viterbi algorithm gd fomey proc . ieee    
e. coquet   and e. lantz   '' pt dinda   t sylvestre   s wabnitz   h maillotte demonstration of stimulated raman scattering suppression in  
an overview of vhdl language and theory m shahdad proceedings of the 23rd design automation  
andr . das . interprocedural partial redundancy elimination and its application to distributed g agrawal   j saltz proc . acm  
determination of the longitudinal phase space distribution produced with ttf photo injector m geitz   s schreiber   g von walter   d sertore   m proc . of the 21st int . free electron laser conf.   august   1999.0 
two-layer model explaining the properties of srtio 3 boundary layer capacitors r wernicke see  
dynamat : a dynamic view management system for data warehouses y kotidis   n roussopoulos sigmod conference   1999.0 
estuarine pollution : a case study of the humber . r arnett geography   1991.0 
cost and performance analysis of semantic integrity validation methods dz badal   gj popek proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
special triangulations of the simplex and systems of disjoint representatives r aharoni   m chudnovsky submitted for  
alternative assessment in a mathematics course nj simpson new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
transaction support for indexed summary views g graefe   m zwilling proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
iterative residual rescaling : an analysis and generalization r ando   l lee proceedings of acm sigir    
multi-join optimization for symmetric multiprocessors ej shekita   hc young   kl tan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
toward learning based web query processing y diao   h lu   s chen   z tian vldb   2000.0 
on the economic conditions of suitability assessments t kã ¥ berger presentation at    
grammars have exceptions   1998 v crescenzi   g mecca submitted for  
inclusion dependencies and the universal instance e sciore proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1983.0 
recommendations and caveats . df halpern new directions for higher education   1987.0 
the just-war tradition in the postâ ?? cold war era.â ?? p casuistry  1994.0 
correctional aids prevention program ( capp ) in new york city vjm hayes-cozier   e rautenberg   lc kayser   i solis v international conference on aids   montreal   canada   june    
age-related differences and change in positive and negative affect over 23 years st charles   ca reynolds   m gatz journal of personality and social psychology   2001.0 
graphical user interfaces for the management of scientific experiments and data y ioannidis   m livny   e haber acm-sigmod record   1992.0 
ayguad e   e.   and valero   m. improved spill code generation for software pipelined loops j zalamea   j llosa procs . of the programming languages design and  
tegaserod for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome bw evans   wk clark   dj moore   pj whorwell cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
sub hash g. mechanical alloying of w-hf-ti alloys   tungsten refract . met-1994 dg edelman   bj palatka proc . int . conf   2nd   1995.0 
ql et . al. on supporting containment queries in relational database management systems c zhang   j naughton   d dewitt sigmod   santa barbara   california    
halbleitertransporttheorie und monte-carlo-bauelementsimulation fm bufler   a schenk   
lvlulticomputers : message-passing concurrent computers wc athaz   cl seitz ieee computer    
a framework for high-speed controller design jm mulder   rj portier   a srivastava   
tfpl survey of special library statistics c creaser   dj spiller   
â ?? applications integration â ?? mj miller pc  
personalism and corporatism in african armies ce welch see kelleher    
on canonical models for federated dbs f saltor   m castellanos   m garcia-solaco sigmod record ( acm special interest group on management of & hellip ;    
carey . programmingconstructs fordatabase systemimplementationinexodus j richardsonandm proc . of sigmod    
the lytic compartment of plant cells p matile  1975.0 
san francisco works : toward an employer-led approach to welfare reform and workforce development s bliss  2000.0 
a dbms for large design automation databases mn haynie   
on clustering and retrieval of video shots cw ngo   tc pong   
network architecture design for back-end storage networks rw watson ieee computer    
developing services for open eprint archives : globalisation   integration and the impact of links s hitchcock   
london : a sustainable city ? i livingstone area   2001.0 
application graphics modeling support through object orientation e parris   k william ieee computer    
a perceptual pitch detector m slaney   rf lyon   
managing checkpoints for parallel programs j pruyne   m livny lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
poetry 1962 : a partial view sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 
electrical activity of intestinal muscle under in vitro conditions cl prosser   a bortoff see ref    
three-dimensional internet developments m crossley bt technology journal   1997.0 
on the correctness of ibgp configuration g wilfong   tg griffin proc . acm sigcomm    
dynamic resource allocation for multi-user query execution dl davison  1995.0 
polynomial filtering in latent semantic indexing for information retrieval e kokiopoulou   y saad proceedings of acm sigir   2004.0 
non-overlapping domain decomposition and heterogeneous modeling used in solving free boundary b jiang  1999.0 
tomgruber   and jeffrey van baalen . knowledge sharing technology project overview r fikes   m cutkosky technical report ksl 91-71   stanford university   knowledge  
financing participation in consortia mj maydew new directions for higher education   1999.0 
andj . meredith . thesequoia2000storagebenchmark m stonebraker   j frew   k gardels proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference  
edith penrose   economics and strategic management nj foss   
an array-based algorithm for simultaneous multidimensional aggregates y zhao   pm deshpande   jf naughton sigmod conference   1997.0 
empirical bayes screening for link analysis a goldenberg   a moore   
etal.   atimedpetri-netmodelfor fine-grain loop scheduling gr gao proc . of acm  
skew handling techniques in sort-merge join w li   d gao   rt snodgrass   
increasing minority students ' success in calculus mv bonsangue   de drew new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
improving semantic specification in a relational database e sciore   
the influence of cognitive load on self-presentation : can cognitive busyness help as well as harm ba pontari   br schlenker journal of personality and social psychology   2000.0 
vtew indexrng an relatronal databaeecr n roussopoulos acm transactions on database systems   ( 7 )    
union responses to nafta in the us and canada : explaining intra-and international variation m dreiling   i robertson mobilization-san diego -   1998.0 
student recruitment and admissions . c allen new directions for higher education   1983.0 
continuously adaptive query processing r avnur   jmh eddies  2000.0 
koorde : a simple degree-optimal distributed hash table mf kaashoek   dr karger lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
the use of 3 he tubes in a neutron monitor latitude survey r pyle   p evenson   jw bieber   jm clem   je humble   proc . of the 26th int . cosmic ray conf.   salt lake city    
glossary of z notation jp bowen information and software technology    
materialized views and data warehouses . acms anthology sigmod record   1998.0 
the universal relation revisited ( technical correspondence ) w kent acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1983.0 
managers ` perceptions of subordinates ' competence as a function of personal value orientations j senger the academy of management journal   1971.0 
computers in class : some social and psychological consequences electronic learning   1988  1988.0 
admission control by implicit signaling in support of voice over ip over adsl a ram   l dasilva   a ram   la dasilva   s varadarajan computer networks   2004.0 
results of high-harmonic fast wave experiments on nstx dw swain   jr wilson   pm ryan   ri pinsker   md   
wangy ( 2000 ) niagaracq : a scalable continuous query system for internet databases j chen   dt dewitt   f tian proceedings of the acm sigmod  
an improved topology discovery algorithm for networks with wormhole routing and directed links yy huang   ml molle computer networks   1999.0 
exit-beihilfe zum suizid 1990â ?? 2000 e ulrich medical dissertation . university of zurich   switzerland    
chandrinoskvandspyropouloscd ( 2000b ) anexperimentalcomparisonofnaive bayesian and keyword-based anti kj androutsopoulosi proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir  
disciplinary differences in students ' perceptions of success : modifying misperceptions with vm menec   rp perry new directions for teaching and learning   1995.0 
k. matsui m sekido sen-i gakkaishi    
steps towards cache-resident transaction processing s harizopoulos   a ailamaki proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
an efficient dynamic program slicing technique gb mund   r mall   s sarkar information & software technology    
intranets are exposing corporate networks to increased threat l didio computerworld    
a simple model for parallel processing h flatt ieee computer    
employer perceptions of the wisconsin employability skills certificate pilot program wj horbinski  2000.0 
scale in remote sensing and gis da quattrichi  1997.0 
gender differences in ability to decode emotional messages g christie july   athens   greece.   paper presented at the european & hellip ;    
an efficient technique for dynamic slicing of programs gb mund   r mall   s sarakar information and software technology    
a complete checklistof the birdsof the world.â ?? academic press r howard   a moore san diego    
a direct manipulation user interface for querying geographic databases jl de oliveira   cb medeiros   
organization of the human liver carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1 gene ( cpt1a ) and identification of s gobin   jp bonnefont   c prip-buus   c mugnier   m human genetics   2002.0 
clock routingforhighperformanceics   '' mab jackson   a srinivasan   es kuh proc . acm/ieee design automation conf    
life-style monitoring for supported independence n edwards   n barnes   p garner   dad rose bt technology journal   2000.0 
trust breaks down in online contexts but can be repaired by some initial face-to-face contact e rocco proc . acm chi-98    
theentity-relationship modelâ ?? towardaunified view of data pp chen acm transactions on database systems    
a controlled trial of methylprednisolone in the early emergency department treatment of acute asthma d wolfson   m nypaver   m blaser journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
beyond the traditional query operators ( poster session ) c ding   ch chi proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 
faculty responsibility for promoting conflict-free college classrooms ja anderson new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
spatiotemporal chaos in distributed models of a reactor ns postnikov at .  
application of program slicing in algorithmic debugging m kamkar information and software technology    
automatic verification of finite state concurrent system using temporal logic specifications : a em clarke   ea emerson   ap sistla proceedings of the 10th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ;   1983.0 
dwarf citrus trees for high density plantings r pã © rez   r rodrãquez   a gonzã ¡ les   n del valle   proc . int . soc . citriculture    
hopelessness in adolescent alcohol abusers p wisneski  2000.0 
open systems slowly gaining steam in factory t baer computerworld    
reliable arrays of inexpensive disks ( raid ) d patterson   g gibson   r katz acm sigmod conference    
the effect of free electrons on lattice conduction jm ziman phil . mag    
a new toxin for grass grub and ` black beetle in resistant lotus major orw sutherland   wj greenfield proc . 29th nz weed pest contr . conf    
overview of the special section on temporal database infrastructure rt snodgrass sigmod record   1994.0 
supporting information infrastructure for distributed   heterogeneous knowledge discovery r king   m novak   
behavioural treatment for chronic low back pain mw van tulder   rw ostelo   jw vlaeyen   sj linton   cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
single-dose dipyrone for acute postoperative pain je edwards   f meseguer   cc faura   ra moore   hj cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
coping with stress : divergent strategies of optimists and pessimists mf scheier   jk weintraub   cs carver journal of personality and social psychology   1986.0 
nonlinear regulator design for grind ing anb spindle based on optimal control l zhao   w jiang   h congâ ? ¦ allaire p   trumper d. proceedings of the sixth international & hellip ;   1998.0 
star rg ross computerworld   1981.0 
hampshire college . rc birney new directions for higher education   1993.0 
the organization set : toward a theory of inter-organizational relations wm evan approaches to organizational design    
concepts   activities and issues of policy-based communications management mdj cox   rg davison bt technology journal   1999.0 
practical skew handling algorithms for parallel joins d dewitt   jf naughton   da schneider   s seshadri proc . 19th intl. conf . very large data  
molecules in carbon nanotubes . an khlobystov   da britz   ga briggs acc . chem . res   2005.0 
ni   g. mecca   and p. merialdo . semistructured und structured data in the web : going back and forth p atze sigmod record    
indexing   browsing   and searching of digital video and digital audio information af smeaton lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
a decision-theoretic approach to information retrieval . jc moore   wb richmond   ab whinston acm transactions on database systems   1990.0 
livny 1993 : m. carey   l. haas   and m. livny   tapes hold data   too : challenges of tuples on tertiary h carey proc . acm sigmod  
recent physics results from delphi ( abstract only ) r keranen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
peerpressure : a statistical method for automatic misconfiguration troubleshooting hj wang   j platt   y chen   r zhang   ym wang   
retrieval   â ?? a kiryakov   b popov   i terziev   d manov   d elevierâ ?? s journal of web  
cytokine gene polymorphisms and relevance to forms of rejection iv hutchinson   v pravica   c perrey   p sinnott transplantation proceedings   1999.0 
why do small dwarf perch breed late ? the causes and consequences of breeding schedule variation in et schultz  1990.0 
shaping alternative loan programs . am hauptman new directions for higher education   1982.0 
cerebellar cortex : cytology and organization sl palay   v chan-palay  1974.0 
home network . h bill pc magazine    
raman 1985 : da beckley   mw evans   and vk raman   multikey retrieval from kd-trees and quad-trees e beckley proc . acm sigmod  
dwarf : shrinking the petacube y kotidis   
on the estimation of snow thickness distributions over sea ice using active microwave scattering dg barber   sv nghiem submitted for  
organization and function of a central nervous system circadian oscillator : the suprachiasmatic ry moore fed proc   1983.0 
xml and information retrieval : d carmel   y maarek   a softer sigmod record   2001.0 
is this a quadrisect mesh g taubin proceedings of acm solid modeling symposium    
towards automated detection of certificates of authenticity d kirovski microsoft research   technical report    
ands . h.-c . yen   analysisandjusticationofasimple   practical 2 1/2 - d capacitance j cong   l he   ab kahng   d noice   n shirali proc . acm/ieee design automation  
alternative transport architecture for core atm networks pa veitch bt technology journal   1998.0 
frequency estimation of multiple sinusoids : making linear prediction perform like maximum likelihood dw tufts   r kumaresan proc . ieee    
competition   communication or culture ? explaining three decades of foreign economic policy diffusion b simmons   z elkins unpublished manuscript    
on the complexity of computing minimum energy consumption broadcast subgraphs aef clementi   p crescenzi   p penna   g rossi   p lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
detection of dynamic execution errors in ibm system automation 's rule-based expert system c sinz   t lumpp   jm schneider   w kuechlin information & software technology   2002.0 
beyond transfer of training : using multiple lenses to assess community education programs jm ottoson new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
capture and age determination method for the gadwall ( anas strepera ) rj blohm  1977.0 
comm . v. weeks   430 us 73   83-84 ( 1977 ) . in this context   â ?? plenaryâ ?? does not mean â ?? absolute   â ?? dt bus   
speaker recognition based on idiolectal differences between speakers g doddingtonâ ? ¦   
estimate of the degree of contamination of water during storage of vitrified radioactive wastes in li anisimova   vv kulichenko   nv krylova   lb at .  
1990 : maternal and child health data base descriptive narrative rl williams santa barbara   ca : university of california at santa barbara & hellip ;    
m.   de vrics   g ;   fozard   jl and coleman   r. user interfaces for young and old   interactions   iv . 2 u biouwer-janse   s md   y jf proc . of acm  
calculation of the influence of an electric field on the free energy of formation of a nucleus jo isard phil . mag    
social justice   sexuality   and the city l knopp urban geography   1994.0 
the spatial configuration of the firm and the management of sunk costs ( * ) . gl clark   n wrigley economic geography   1997.0 
non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) for treating lateral elbow pain in adults s green   r buchbinder   l barnsley   s hall   m white cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
source acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) archive g wiederhold acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1990.0 
national genetic resources program . germplasm resources information network - ( grin ) . [ online database ] ars usda   
dynamic performance of robot manipulators under different operating conditions ay zomaya   
the analysis of magnetohydrodynamics and plasma dynamics in metals processing operations cw chang   j szekely   tw eagar & hellip ; in metal processing   proceedings   25 th sagamore army & hellip ;   1978.0 
an alternative approach to resource classification a arik proc . 28th intern . symp . computer applications in the & hellip ;    
slicing pointers and procedures ( abstract ) md ernst   
the araneus web-base management system p atzeni   g mecca   p merialdo   a masci   g sindoni proc . int . conf . sigmod    
learning disabilities r baldwin   tj kenny & hellip ; . seattle   washington : special child publications of the  
innovation in organization : notes toward a theory jq wilson approaches to organization design    
decompositions of multigraphs into parts with two edges j ivanco   m meszka   z skupien discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2002.0 
hibric-mem   a memory controller for powerpc based systems m porrmann   j landmann   km marks   u rã 1/4 ckert   
5.0 documentation . visual c++ tutorials : autoclick : automation c visual  1997.0 
explaining the variance in the performance effects of privatization a cuervo   b villalonga academy of management review   2000.0 
dynamic performance simulation of a continuously variable transmission motorcycle for fuzzy cw hong   cc chen proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   1997.0 
institutionalizing the seven principles and the faculty and institutional inventories . aw chickering new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?plenoptic modeling : an image-based rendering systemã cents â ? ¬ â ? l mcmillan   g bishop proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 95    
alkalinisation for organophosphorus pesticide poisoning d roberts   n buckley cochrane database syst . rev   2005.0 
a conceptual model of groupware c ellis   j wainer proceedings of the 1994 acm conference on computer supported & hellip ;   1994.0 
affect   cognition   and awareness : affective priming with optimal and suboptimal stimulus exposures st murphy   rb zajonc journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
an intelligent usage parameter controller based on dynamic rate leaky bucket for atm networks mh yaghmaee   m safavi   mb menhaj computer networks    
parallel database systems in the 1990 's mj carey acm computing surveys  
hierarchical classification of web content s dumain   h chen proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;    
where are the brave new mobile multimedia applications ? s boll   sr ahuja   d friebel   b horowitz   n raman   proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
â ?? theory of barium titanate . part ii af devonshire phil . mag    
explaining the evidence : tests of the story model for juror decision making n pennington   r hastie journal of personality and social psychology    
hollow sections survival storyâ ? p jenkins   r didsbury   j burford bhp new zealand steel workplace new zealand demonstration & hellip ;    
dewitt . shoring up persistent applications mj carey proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l conference on management of  
the wireless web s nash pc magazine online    
hospitalisation and bed rest for multiple pregnancy ca crowther cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
difference posets and orthoalgebras m navara   
meta-data version and configuration management in multi-vendor environments jr friedrich proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
impact of transformational leadership on follower development and performance : a field experiment t dvir   d eden   bj avolio   b shamir   
the handbook of infrared and raman characteristic frequencies of organic molecules d lin-vienâ ? ¦ new  
greenstone : a comprehensive open-source digital library software system ih witten   
san francisco works : toward an employer-led approach to welfare reform and workforce development . s bliss  2000.0 
a survey on job coachesâ ?? perceptions and attitudes to facilitate coworker natural supports for jh kim  2001.0 
learning collection fusion strategies em voorhees   nk gupta   b johnson-laird proceedings of the 18th annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   1995.0 
like father   like son ; like mother   like daughter : parental resources and child height d thomas the journal of human resources   1994.0 
alternative tests of agency theories of callable corporate bonds l crabbe   
bilateral hypoglossal nerve palsies following head injury rj brennan   jp shirley   js compton journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
the faculty role in administrator evaluation . ch farmer new directions for higher education   1978.0 
the finnish delphi study : forecasting the extent of information technology use in libraries in 1996 s koskiala   a huhtanen electronic library   1989.0 
production rules for incremental view maintenance s ceri   j widom proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
an annotation scheme for free word order languages w skut   b krenn   t brants   h uszkoreit proceedings of anlp   1997.0 
semantic-model support for geographic information systems s ram   j park   
architectural accessibility : matching places to people . rw anderson   m coons new directions for higher education   1979.0 
age and the recognition of facial expressions of emotion j green   p ekman unpublished manuscript    
aspects of the absurd in gunter grass wg cunliffe wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1966.0 
beyond incremental change ds goldin   sl venneri   ak noor ieee computer   1998.0 
tuning of the porin expression under anaerobic growth conditions by his-to-asp cross-phosphorelay m matsubara   s kitaoka   s takeda   t mizuno genes to cells   2000.0 
realistic scheduling : compaction for pipelined architectures a nicolau   
entwicklung und realisierung eines analytischen regelkonzeptes fã 1/4 r eine aktive federung rh streiter diss.   technical university berlin    
a mobile computer interface for heterogeneous databases r alonso   em haber   hf korth research issues in data engineering   1993 : interoperability & hellip ;   1993.0 
measured pulse-stuffing jitter in asynchronous dsiisonet multiplexing with and without stuff - wd grover   te moore   ja eachern electronic letters    
preventing decline of american higher education . kh ashworth new directions for higher education   1979.0 
journal writing in higher education p jarvis new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
churchill livingstone   1985   2 : 534 . priti shah   md ravi ramakantan n york md bombay    
the comparison of attenuation relationships for peak horizontal acceleration in intraplate regions sk sarma   mw free procs . of the fifth pacific conference on earthquake & hellip ;    
antibiotic prophylaxis regimens and drugs for cesarean section l hopkins   f smaill cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
z   galil   two lower bounds in asynchronous distributed computation p duris proc . 28th annual syrup . on foundations of computer science   & hellip ;    
casdal : cas sm 's da ta l anguage syw su   a emam acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1978.0 
euso collaboration s bottai   s giurgola proc . 28th international cosmic ray conference   tsukuba   & hellip ;    
progestogen for preventing miscarriage rm oates-whitehead   dm haas   ja carrier cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
on the derivation of cosmic ray specific yield functions wr webber   jj quenby phil . mag    
emeritus college : reaching the older learner . nj hruby new directions for higher education   1980.0 
electrically augmented liquidliquid extraction in a two-component system   1 single droplet studies pj bailes   jd thornton proc int solv extr conf    
a cheat controlled protocol for centralized online multiplayer games b di chen   m maheswaran proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ;   2004.0 
seed dispersal   gap colonization   and the case of cecropia insignis nvl brokaw see ref    
asynchronous transfer mode-an overview jl adams bt technology journal   1995.0 
effortless incremental fmea c price procs annual reliability and maintainability symp    
its thrashing behavior a thomasian   tpl performance acm tods    
probability criterion and efficient frontier q han   w tang   g li proceedings of 2001 international conference on management & hellip ;    
storage estimation of multidimensional aggregates in a data warehouse environment b shah   k ramachandran   v raghavan   
for whom is liberal education produced ? . dw breneman new directions for higher education   1994.0 
study of combustion characteristics of a compression ignition engine fuelled with dimethyl ether zh huang   hw wang   hy chen   lb zhou   dm jiang proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   1999.0 
on characterizing bgp routing table growth t bu   l gao   d towsley computer networks   2004.0 
materialized view selection for multi-cube data models a shukla   p deshpande   jf naughton   
assimilation and contrast in the anchoring effect : implicit attributions about accessibility i skurnik   n schwarz   d park   a galinsky unpublished manuscript    
slicing analysis and indirect accesses to distributed arrays   university of maryland at college park r das   j saltz   r von hanxleden md    
database management systems r ramakrishnan   j gehrke  2002.0 
towards automated performance iâ ?? uning for complex workloads kp brownt   m mehta   mj careyt   m livny   
appendicitis masquerading as tumor : a case of two diagnoses mt marshall   p rosen   r berlin   n greenson journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
ecosystem modeling in the desert biome dw goodall see ref    
self-other judgments and perceived vulnerability to victimization ls perloff   bk fetzer journal of personality and social psychology   1986.0 
constraints : consistency and integrity mk sinha sigmod record   1983.0 
on the heating of electron microscope objects with small beam cross section ( temperature measurement s leisegang transl . into english from proceedings of 3 d intern . & hellip ;   1971.0 
using segmented right-deep trees for the execution of pipelined hash joins ms chen   ml lo   ps yu   hc young proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1992.0 
a distributed multiparty desktop conferencing system k watabe   s sakata   k maenoâ ? ¦ proc . acm cscw    
die nationalitã $ tenfrage und die sozialdemokratie o bauer  1907.0 
thermal plasma applications in materials and metallurgical processing n el-kaddah  1992.0 
teaching in the information age : the role of electronic technology mj albright   dl graf new directions for teaching and  
e ã © dition   da solomon et me russinovich inmiw indows  2000.0 
query processing for high-volume xml message brokering y diao   m franklin proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
information access for context-aware appliances ( poster session ) gjf jones   pj brown proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 
on the computation of multidimensional aggregates s agarwal   r agrawal   p deshpande   a gupta   jf & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ;   1996.0 
desktop conversationsâ ?? the future of multimedia conferencing m russ bt technology journal   1997.0 
heat and x-ray induced inhibition of self-incompatibility in lilium longiflorum je hopper  1970.0 
provided free of charge by the nill/narf   boulder   co il bulletins   
intralist repetition effects in free recall f zaromb   mw howard   e dolan   yb sirotin   a  2004.0 
consequences of abusive supervision bj tepper academy of management journal   2000.0 
psychology and the american ideal ee sampson journal of personality and social psychology   1977.0 
cosmic-ray modulation and the structure of the heliospheric magnetic field j kota   jr jokipii proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf   1999.0 
what the academic librarian wants from administrators and faculty . wa moffett new directions for higher education   1982.0 
parallelism and concurrency control performance in distributed database machines mj carey   m livny   
soil nutrient bioavailability : a mechanistic approach sa barber  1995.0 
the lotus notes storage system k moore proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0 
effects of cultural conditions on phosphate accumulation and release by acinetobacter strain 210a jw van groenestijn   mh deinema proceedings of the international conference on management & hellip ;    
in the information age p anastasiades aa livanis editions   athens greece  
organizational learning and diversification jm pennings   h barkema   s douma the academy of management journal   1994.0 
texcp : responsive yet stable traffic engineering s kandula   d katabi proc . acm sigcomm    
mdx-mac and building fast macs from hash functions b preneel   pc van oorschot lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
putting adult education philosophies into practice . p mulcrone new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
sociotechnical theory : an alternative framework for evaluation j farley new directions for program evaluation   1991.0 
ec of the european parliament and of the council concerning the sixth framework programme of the d no technological development and demonstration activities   & hellip ;    
dendritic cell biology and regulation of dendritic cell trafficking by chemokines c caux   s ait-yahia   k chemin   o de bouteiller   mc springer seminars in immunopathology   2000.0 
the unwinding number rm corless   dj jeffrey acm sigsam bulletin   1996.0 
a case for redundant arrays of inâ ?? expensive disks ( raid ) da patterson   g gibson   rh katz proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
some theorems about formal functions g faltings to  
this changing world : hong kong c speak geography    
cyclops : in situ image sensing and interpretation in wireless sensor networks m rahimi   r baer   
conflict detection replicated data mj carey   m livny acm transactions on database systems   1991.0 
aqr-toolkit : an adaptive query routing middleware for distributed data intensive systems l liu   c pu   d buttler   w han   h paques   w tang proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2000.0 
unpubl   results . l lif guilliat and nh brext f freund phil . mag    
personal conversion and open project files pa burdette walkersville   md. : monocacy watershed project demonstration & hellip ;    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?pseudo - maximum likelihood estimation of digital sequences in the presence of intersymbol hr sadjadpour   cl weber proc . 28th annu . asilomar conf . signals   systems   and & hellip ;    
modeling of laser-induced breakdown in dielectrics with subpicosecond pulses t apostolova   y hahn proceedings of  
burrows   and wobber . authentication in distributed systems : theory and practice a lampson proceedings   thirteenth acm sosp    
metastasis related genes and malignancy in human esophageal   gastric and colorectal cancers e tahara   h kuniyasu   h nakayama   w yasui   h gan to kagaku ryoho   1993.0 
design   chirality   and flexibility in nanoporous molecule-based materials d bradshaw   jb claridge   ej cussen   tj prior   mj acc . chem . res   2005.0 
executive coaching as a transfer of training tool : effects on productivity in a public agency . g olivero   kd bane   re kopelman public personnel management   1997.0 
joyce cary : at the beginning and in mid-career em kerr wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1961.0 
lost and found in cyberspace : informational privacy in the age of the internet se gindin san diego law review   1997.0 
detecting group activities using rigidity of formation sm khan   m shah proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
spectroradiometric determination of wheat canopy biophysical variables . comparison of several c atzberger   t jarmer   b kftz   m schlerf   w werner remote sensing in transition . proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;    
information extraction   communications of the acm j cowie   w lehnert acm press   new york    
reversible systems mb sevryuk  1987.0 
the system granite-peridotite-h t sekine   pj wyllie o at    
penetration of energetic ions through open channels in a crystal lattice rs nelson   mw thompson phil . mag    
improving junior faculty scholarship dk jarvis new directions for teaching and learning   1992.0 
relevance feedback in xml retrieval h pan   
gender differences in effects of physical attractiveness on romantic attraction : a comparison across a feingold journal of personality and social psychology    
a performance analysis of alternative multi-attribute declustering strategies s ghandeharizadeh   dj dewitt   w qureshi   
systematic synthesis method for analogue circuitsâ ?? part i notation and synthesis toolbox dg haigh   p radmore   
over-thecell routers for new cell model b wu   na sherwani   nd holmes   m sarrafzadeh proc . of 29th acm/ieee design automation conference    
continuous heparin infusion to prevent thrombosis and catheter occlusion in neonates with p shah   v shah cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
cots and systems integration : some technical considerations b boehm procs of the sei/mcc symposium on the use of cots in systems & hellip ;    
a hidden markov model retrieval system drh miller   t leek   rm schwartz proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;    
the israeli perception of missile defense bgm herzog & hellip ; - baylon and anne d. baylon   proceedings from the xvith & hellip ;    
going public : open-source databases and database research p bonnet sigmod conference   2002.0 
a systematic approach for the design of post-transaction input error handling hbk tan   nl thein   y li   w li information & software technology   2001.0 
the adoption and use of national information infrastructure : a social network and stakeholder s nambisan   r agarwal   
online adaptation of influence diagrams d chickering   t paek  2005.0 
sensoren und mikroelektronik ; expert-verlag ( 1993 ) kw bonfig   
menstruation   reattribution   and competence j rodin journal of personality and social psychology   1976.0 
measurements of the photon total cross section on protons from 45 gev to 182 gev jp cumalat ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1977.0 
leave none left to tell the story ( genocide in rwanda-the planning and execution of mass murder ) hr watch  1999.0 
routing stability and convergence c labovitz   a ahuja   a abose   f jahanian proc . acm sigcomm    
the moral and ethical teachings of zarathushtra m navroji  1928.0 
using de-optimization to re-optimize code s hines   
finite groups of outer automorphisms of a free group m culler contributions to group  
internationalizing the campus : what do you need to know ? bh carmical new directions for higher education   2002.0 
car following in an urban network : simulation and experiments m aron proceedings of seminar d   16 thptrc meeting    
potato tuber necrotic ringspot disease . varietal differences in appearance of ringspot necrosis m kus proc eapr meeting vitoria-gasteiz   29th june-3rd july    
niagaracq : a scalable continuous query system for internet databases j chen   dj dewitt   f tian   y wang sigmod conference   2000.0 
clusterbook   a tool for dual information access ( demonstration session ) g mureå?an   dj harper   a gã ¶ ker   p lowit proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 
local verification of global integrity constraints in distributed databases a gupta   j widom   
computer genomics : towards self-change and configuration management ym wang   
accuracy and bias in self-perception : individual differences in self-enhancement and the role of op john   rw robins journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
global use of strategies to open coronary arteries investigators ( gusto ) am lincoff   rm califf   f van de werfâ ? ¦ mortality  
dynamic application configuration using mobile java objects in a next generation internet c ryan   s perry submitted for publication   2003.0 
interventions for mucous membrane pemphigoid and epidermolysis bullosa acquisita g kirtschig   d murrell   f wojnarowska   n khumalo cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
the design and evaluation of a high-performance soft keyboard alternative to qwerty s mackenzie   sx zhang proceedings of acm chi    
force sensing and control for a surgical robot p kazanzides   
poetry   1965 sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1966.0 
distributed concurrency control performance : a study of algorithms   distribution   and replication mj carey   m livny vldb   1988.0 
contribution of hyperspectral remote sensing for lai estimation in precision farming a pacheco   a bannari   jc deguise   h mcnairn   k proceedings of the 23rd canadian symposium on remote sensing & hellip ;    
entnahme und ã?bertragung von organen vom 5.11 . 1997 ( transplantationsgesetz ) g ã 1/4 ber die spende bgbl .  
choosing a view update translator by dialog at view definition time . 12th int am keller conf . on very large data bases   kyoto   japan   august    
examination of error propagation in relationships between leaf area index and spectral vegetation r fernandes   hp white   s leblanc   g pavlic   h proceedings of the 23rd canadian remote sensing symposium    
the need for openness in standards k krechmer   
foreground object detection from videos containing complex background l li   w huang   iyh gu   q tian proceedings of acm multimedia 2003.0 
peritoneal non-closure at caesarean section cs wilkinson   mw enkin cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
a stro-ph/9906504 p gorham   k liewer   c naudet and proc . 26th int . cr conf.   salt lake city   utah   aug    
the quality of life of donors   potential donors   and recipients of living-related donor renal f gouge   j moore jr   ba bremer   cr mccauly   jp transplant proc   1990.0 
a partial test and development of the delone and mclean model of is success pb seddon   my kiew proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1994.0 
poirot   f. layout driven logic restructuring/decomposition pa bouzeid   ks akouti   gs aucier proc . acm/ieee design automation conference    
geometric algorithms for online optimization   2003 a kalai   s vempala unpublished  
thermoremanent magnetization . ii . experiments on multidomain grains cwf everitt phil . mag    
they do n't like girls hanging around there ' : conflicts over recreational space in rural f tucker   h matthews area   2001.0 
eddies : continuously adaptive query processing jm hellerstein   r avnur proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
compiling control into queries for parallel execution management bs pascale   d benoã ® t   c carla & hellip ; conference on parallel and distributed information systems & hellip ;    
an efficient i/o interface for optical disks js vitter acm transactions on database systems   1985.0 
radar wipes out irs tapes ; consultant cites poor ground ej bride   
continuum of literacy program models : alternative approaches for low-literate welfare recipients lg martin new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0 
tell me a good story : using narrative analysis to examine information requirements interviews during r alvarez   j urla acm sigmis database   2002.0 
everquest : a medium evaluated ( undergraduate term paper for communication 480 ) l veckaktins seattle : university of washington    
supporting continuous consistency in multiplayer online games fwb li   lwf li   rwh lau proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
a new class of qos routing strategies based on network graph reduction c casetti   rl cigno   m mellia   m munafo   z zsoka computer networks   2003.0 
a delay-tolerant network architecture for challenged internets k fall   
faculty as a force to improve instruction through assessment . g loacker new directions for teaching and learning   1988.0 
ly uy-loi   et al. design of localizer capture and track hold for a transport airplane : an hâ ?? / ltr bm chen   a saberi proc . of the 29th conference on design and control   1990.0 
temporal database bibliography update acms record   s record sigmod record   1982.0 
nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs for low back pain mw van tulder   rj scholten   bw koes   ra deyo cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
chat circles groupware f viegas   j donath proceedings of acm chi    
risiken und komplikationen der schilddrã 1/4 senchirurgie hã $ ufigkeit und therapie hd rã ¶ her   pe goretzki   p hellmann   j witte der chirurg   1999.0 
how dos programs can use over 1mb of ram j prosise pc magazine   1993.0 
relativistic astrophysics in black hole and low-mass neutron star binaries ltsa98 w cui  2000.0 
9685 scranton road m simulations san diego    
age classique ( paris : gallimard   1972 )   90 h foucault   
biopsychosocial rehabilitation for upper limb repetitive strain injuries in working age adults k karjalainen   a malmivaara   m van tulder   r roine cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
strategic restructuring : a case study . ja hyatt new directions for higher education   1993.0 
cmm and tods r snodgrass sigmod record   2005.0 
implementation of an agent-based business process g pang   
eddies : continuous query optimization r avnur   j hellerstein proceedings of sigmod    
computation of nonlinear turbulent free surface flows using the parallel uncle code m beddhu   r pankajakshan   my jiang   m remotigue   c proceedings of the 23rd symposium on naval hydrodynamicsâ ??   & hellip ;    
deriving production rules for incremental rule maintenance s ceri   j widom proceedings of the 17th vldb conference    
mathematics beyond 2000 r spanneberg proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the mathematics & hellip ;    
idi : informative summarization of differences in multidimensional aggregates s sarawagi   
conservation of a hairpin ribozyme sequence in hiv-1 is required for efficient viral replication o yamada   g kraus   b sargueil   q yu   jm burke   f virology-new york -   1996.0 
taking diversity seriously : new developments in teaching for diversity llb border new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
locking protocols for materialized aggregate join views g luo   jf naughton   cj ellmann   mw watzke proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
a divide-and-conquer strategy for shallow parsing of german free texts g neumann   c braun   j piskorski proceedings of anlp-2000   seattle   washington   2000.0 
camel : a moving object database approach for intelligent location aware services c ying   rao fangyan   yu xiulan   liu dong & hellip ; of international conference on mobile data management   jan    
a plea for powder-free surgical gloves rf edlich journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
the geography of employment in the cultural industries : toward a cross national comparison ( uk and ac pratt annual conference of the american association of geographers & hellip ;    
1157 : â ?? a simple network management protocol ( snmp ) â ?? : may 1990   j. case   snmp research   m. fedor   rfc ietf mit laboratory for computer science . ( status :  
embeddedness in practice   numbers in context : the politics of knowing and doing p moss   
targeted disruption of the homeobox transcription factor bapx1 results in lethal skeletal dysplasia h akazawa   i komuro   y sugitani   y yazaki   r nagai genes to cells   2000.0 
using semantic knowledge for transaction processing in a distributed database h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1983.0 
upland development in the tropics : alternative economic strategies in a philippine frontier wt conelly  1983.0 
sagitta method with guaranteed convergence a santos-palomo submitted for publication   2005.0 
december 1990   compiling scientific code using partial evaluation a berlin   d weise ieee  
visual cues extraction for monitoring driverâ ?? s vigilance . q ji   g bebis   
index configuration in object-oriented databases e bertino the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
the diplomatic ideas and practices ofasian states . 1990 a kapur   
from respondent and informant to consultant and participant : the evolution of a state agency policy m baizerman   d compton new directions for program evaluation   1992.0 
open market stock repurchase signaling wj mcnally   
database research activities at the university of vienna am tjoa   g vinek acm sigmod record   1992.0 
data fusion spot and sar im-ages for bridge and urban area extraction s houzelle   g glraudon proc . i-garss    
directions in software engineering for parallel systems ie jelly proc . of the 28th hawaiian conference on systems science   & hellip ;    
the hellp syndrome : case report and review of the literature r fish journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
absorbent products for the containment of urinary and/or faecal incontinence in adults e shirran   m brazzelli cochrane . database . syst . rev   2000.0 
protect yourself online m danda   
melting ice o mishima   ld calvert   e whalley i at    
the maturation of high school students involved in extracurricular activities as witnessed from a kp mccaughn  1999.0 
comprehending decompositions : a theory and two empirical tests r weber  2001.0 
on incremental rendering of silhouette maps of a polyhedral scene a efrat   lj guibas   oa hall-holt   l zhang   
the last shot jh kolakowski journal of emergency nursing   1999.0 
anisotropic coupled-field inclusion and inhomogeneity problems jy li   ml dunn  1998.0 
memory is not only about storage . kl huber new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
student perceptions of the nature of science and attitudes towards science education in an dj jelinek   
the journey beyond life mr sorensen   dr willmore volume i    
multilevel theory building : benefits   barriers   and new developments ki klein   h tosi   
sã 1/4 chte und systeme k richelshagen freiburg i. br    
xirql-an esteoslon of xql for information retrieval paper presented at the acm sigir 2000 workshop n fuhr athens . greece    
semistructured and structured data in the web : going back and forth p merialdo   p atzeni   g mecca & hellip ; the management of semistructured data ( in conjunction with & hellip ;    
the gmap : a versatile tool for physical data independence og tsatalos   mh solomon   ye ioannidis the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
job values in today 's workforce : a comparison of public and private sector employees . ka karl   cl sutton public personnel management   1998.0 
epistemic conditions for iterated admissibility a brandenburger   hj keisler unpublished manuscript   2000.0 
on real-time transactions jsw zhao acm sigmod record ( mar. .  
simultaneous pyrometric measurement of temperature and size of fuel particles in fluidized bed j stenberg   m urponen   r hernberg oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
to weawe the web p atzeni   g meccca   p merialdo proc . 23 rdint . conf . on vldb ( vldb    
on the implementation of n-version programming for software fault tolerance during program execution a avizienis   l chen proc . compsac    
linear stability of tcp/red and a scalable control sh low   f paganini   j wang   jc doyle computer networks   2003.0 
the thankless task of cost containment ws reed new directions for higher education   1999.0 
some value propositions of online communities e walden electronic markets   2000.0 
dwarf : shrinking the petacube ysadn roussopoulos   y kotidis   
modeling and analysis of permanent magnet synchronous motor by taking saturation and core loss into ah wijenayake   pb schmidt   r automation   
a truly generative semantics-directed compiler generator h ganzinger   r giegerich   u mã ¶ ncke   r wilhelm acm sigplan notices   1982.0 
databases for gis c bauzer medeiros   f pires acm sigmod record 23  
the araneus web-base management system g mecca   p atzeni   a masci   p merialdo   g sindoni   
us department of energy   richland   washington usep agency online  
component-based operating system apis : a versioning and distributed resource solution rj stets   gc hunt   ml scott   
membrane based solvent extraction of heterocyclic acid in hollow fiber contactors e sabolovã ¡   å schlosser   l kubiå ¡ ovã ¡ proc . 28th int . conf . sschi   full text on cd rom   tatranskã © & hellip ;    
official microsoft html help authoring kit s wexler  1998.0 
explaining the effect of incentives and control mechanisms on information technology usage : a a bhattacherjee   
toward the bibliographic control of works : derivative bibliographic relationships in an online union gh leazer   rp smiraglia proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   1996.0 
the limits of containment d bowden aaal conference   seattle   washington . 28th february    
low voltage class-ab output stages for cmos op-amps rg carvajal   a torralba   j ramãrez - angulo   j   
faculty involvement in institutional budgeting j dimond new directions for higher education   1991.0 
personal information management assistantsâ ?? from research to commercialisation m thint   s case   n azarmi   b azvine   s hare bt technology journal   2003.0 
  dt solomon   mh tan   ck tsatalos   og white   sj zwilling   mj : shoring up persistent applications mj carey   dj dewitt   mj franklin sigmod ( siehe sig94 ] )   s.  
software for information storage and retrieval tested   evaluated and compared . part 1 - general eg sieverts   m hofstede electronic library   1991.0 
raman scattering in ocean water br marshall  1989.0 
an implementation of the x 25 interface in a datagram network d barber   t kalin   cm solomonides computer networks    
pm : a high-performance communication library for multi-user parallel environments h tezuka   a hori   y ishikawa submitted to usenix    
fast connections l freed   f derfler pc magazine online    
charismatic leadership perceptions of resident advisors at the university of wisconsin-stout based sa kling  2001.0 
uber ausreissertests und ausreisseranfalligkeit von wahrscheinlichkeitsverteilungen u gather  1979.0 
towards on open architecture for egfhe d chimenti   r gamboa   r krishnamurthy  1989.0 
preference-based routing me sisselman   w whitt   
buchla lightning midi controller : a powerful new midi controller is nothing to shake a stick at r rich electronic musician   1991.0 
a mixed-integer nonlinear programming approach to analog circuit synthesis pc maulik   lr carley   ra rutenbar design automation conference   1992 . proceedings.   29th acm / & hellip ;   1992.0 
lâ ?? integration des donnees dans un systeme de reconnaissance de documents assistee f bapst   r brugger   a zramdini   r ingold   
california dob index   ( 1990 's   from acpl e-resources )   '' c csra  1800.0 
analysis of the radiation conditions in the enisei river after decommissioning of direct-flow av nosov   am martynova at .  
sporen   tekens   letters m andersch   
a service platform for online games d saha   s sahu   a shaikh proc . of acm netgames    
heat transfer in meat dr heldman proc . 28th annual reciprocal meat conference of the american & hellip ;    
formal methods are research   not development p zave ieee computer    
garcãa - solaco : â ?? suitability of data models as canonical models for federated dbsâ ?? c saltor acm sigmod record  
efficient structural joins on indexed xml documents sy chien   z vagena   d zhang   vj tsotras   c zaniolo vldb   2002.0 
on the form of free triode vibrations b van der pol   hv appleton phil . mag    
introduction to the special section on cognitive abilities : 100 years after spearman 's ( 1904 ) '' d lubinski journal of personality and social psychology   2004.0 
toward a new information logic cj van rijsbergen proceedings of acm sigir    
interactions between mcm10p and other replication factors are required for proper initiation and y kawasaki   s hiraga   a sugino genes to cells   2000.0 
design and implementation of an access control processor for xml documents e damiani   sdc vimercati   s paraboschi   p samarati www9 / computer networks   2000.0 
all channels openâ ?? multimodal human/computer interfaces pj wyard   ge churcher bt technology journal   2000.0 
diffusion of gases in polymers m iotov   s keshihara   sd dasgupta   wa goddard iii to be  
single dose oral paracetamol ( acetaminophen ) for postoperative pain j barden   j edwards   a moore   h mcquay cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
modeling multidimensional databases : [ research report ] r agrawal   a gupta   s sarawagi ibm almaden research center   san jose   california    
subextremal functions and lattice programming m li calzi   a veinott  1992.0 
ambulant : a fast   multi-platform open source smil player dca bulterman   j jansen   k kleanthous   k blom   d proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
developing mentoring programs : major themes and issues ma wunsch new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
the operative remote sensing of snow covered area in a service of hydrological modelling in finland s metsã $ mã $ ki   m huttunen   s anttila proceedings of the 23rd symposium of the european & hellip ;    
resources for developing senior faculty as teachers rk seal new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
computer simulations on the orientation of molecular hydrogen in liquid crystals ( abstract only ) j lounila   t rantala proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
open planning   scheduling and constraint management architectures h beck   a tate bt technology journal   1995.0 
efficient parallel data mining for association rules js park   ms chen   ps yuâ ? ¦   
a theoretical framework for the online classroom : a defense and delineation of a student-centered ds knowlton new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0 
an object-oriented data model c lecluse   p richard   f velez proceedings of the acmsigmod international conference on & hellip ;   1988.0 
us-mexico economic integration : labor relations and the organization of work in california and baja c zabin economic geography   1997.0 
release 2.0 : a design for living in the digital age e dyson   
recent developments in the numerical tire analysis h rothert   n gebbeken   j jagusch   m kaliske proc . int . rubber conf .  
spinal epidural hematoma progressing to brown-sequard syndrome : report of a case jb hancock   e malcom field   r gadam journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
staying connected rfid : is this game of tag fair play ? m mcginity communications-acm   2004.0 
international criminal law   1990 vol f malekian   
xl : generic text summarization using relevance measure and latent semantic analysis y gong proc . acm  
exposing the mythical mips year rd silverman   
delay optimization of combinational logic circuits and partial collapsing hj touati   h savoj   rk brayton proc . 28th dac    
controller p vega   c prada   v aleixandre iee proceedings-part d    
qcd results from lep above and below the z 0 peak d duchesneau   
empirical assessment of visceral selfperception : individual and sex differences in the acquisition es katkin   j blascovich   s goldband journal of personality and social psychology   1981.0 
farmersâ ?? perceptions of insect pests and control strategies   their relevance to ipm in pearl millet o youm   j baidu-forson see ref    
improving tcp performance in integrated wireless communications networks k xu   y tian   n ansari computer networks   2005.0 
instructional technology and the faculty member mj albright   dl graf new directions for teaching and learning   1992.0 
memory-contention responsive hash joins dl davison   g graefe proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
role of apoptosis in the progression of glomerulosclerosis h makino   n kashihara   h sugiyama   t sekikawa   z contributions to nephrology   1996.0 
personal virtual humansâ ?? inhabiting the talkzone and beyond d ballin   m lawson   ma lumkin   j osborne bt technology journal   2002.0 
did homer sing at lefkandi bb powell electronic antiquity    
video adaptation : concepts   technologies   and open issues sf chang   a vetro proceedings of the ieee   2005.0 
effects of tobacco smoking on the hoffmann reflex c kadoya   s matsuoka   ef domino neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
higher education communication and information systems policy dl eisler new directions for higher education   2001.0 
partial purification and characterization of a protease from human plasma cleaving von willebrand m furlan   r robles   
responding to resolved and unresolved interadult conflict : gender differences in emotional m el-sheikh unpublished manuscript    
remote afterloading technology   report of the aapm radiation therapy committee task group no. 41   gp glasgow   jd bourland   pw grigsby   ja meli   ka md    
simultaneous measurements of pressure and velocity oscillations during spurt flow of a high-density a merten   m schwets   h mã 1/4 nstedt procs 6th european conf rheol   erlangen    
sensing and acting in the independent choice logic d poole   
id 90 reference manual . computation structures group memo 284-1 rs nikhil  1990.0 
low speed aerodynamic characteristics of a 13 thick airfoil section designed for rj mcghee md    
der kiefernschneebruch 1968 und 1975 im pfã $ lzerwald a lessel-dummel  1981.0 
local buckling in profiled thermoplastic pipes . as dhar   id moore proc.   28th annual conf . of the canadian society for civil & hellip ;    
response to computers   complexity   and controversy d patterson   jl hennessy ieee computer    
mems component extraction b baidya   sk gupta   t mukherjee   
free energy surfaces from single-molecule force spectroscopy . g hummer   a szabo acc . chem . res   2005.0 
indefinite and maybe information in relational databases kclr sunderraman acm transactions on database systems    
overlay routing vs multihoming : an end-to-end perspective a akella   j pang   b maggs   s seshan   a shaikh proc . acm sigcomm    
wrapping web data into xml h wei acm sigmod record    
enforcing qos guarantees for adaptive multimedia applications via fair queueing f toutain procs . ifip high performance  
location sensing techniques j hightower   g borriello   
microbial methods for the extraction and recovery of metals dp kelly   pr norris   cl brierly & hellip ; state   future prospects . proc 29th symposium gen microbiol ( & hellip ;    
eddies : continuously adaptive query processing r avnur   jm hellerstein sigmod conference   2000.0 
developments in abrasive waterjets for micromachining d miller summers d.   editor   proceedings of the 2003 wjta american  
near-drowning-associated aeromonas pneumonia pt ender   mj dolan   d dolan   jc farmer   gp melcher journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
open decdtm : constraint based transaction management j klein   fu iv   
continously adaptive continuous query over streams s maddenâ ? ¦ proc . acm intl. conf . on management of data ( sigmod )   p171 - & hellip ;    
stresses and stress intensity factors for embedded hyperbolic and parabolic cracks rc shah ph. d. thesis   university of washington   seattle   washington (  
integrating device independence and user profiles on the web t glover   j davies bt technology journal   2005.0 
efficient design and analysis of two colour factorial microarray experiments f bretz   j landgrebe   e brunner  2003.0 
why do people need self-esteem ? converging evidence that self-esteem serves an anxiety-buffering j greenberg   s solomon   t pyszczynski   a journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0 
determinants of faculty pay : an agency theory perspective lr gomez-mejia   db balkin the academy of management journal   1992.0 
the design and evaluation of a defense for internet worms r scandariato   jc knight proceedings of the 23rd ieee international symposium on & hellip ;    
homer : a model-based case tool for data-intensive web sites p merialdo   p atzeni   m magnante   g mecca   m sigmod conference   2000.0 
source acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) archive dk hsiao acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1978.0 
individual construct accessibility   person memory   and the recall-judgment link : the case of ja bargh   rd thein journal of personality and social psychology    
cocaine-associated dissection of the thoracic aorta . a fisher   br holroyd journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 
evaluating students ' written performance in the online classroom jf bauer   rs anderson new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0 
explaining development and change in organizations ah van de ven   ms poole the academy of management review   1995.0 
university of wisconsin-green bay . ew weidner   wg kuepper new directions for higher education   1993.0 
calibration   terrain reconstruction and path planning for a planetary micro-rover   i-sairas 6 m vergauwen   m pollefeys   l van gool   r moreas   f robotics and automation in space   montreal   canada   june    
encapsulating distribution by remote objects m jansen   e klaver   p verkaik   m steen   as information & software technology   2001.0 
variety and productivity in faculty careers . rg baldwin new directions for higher education   1983.0 
special section on data-issues in electronic commerce a dogac sigmod record    
solid wastes p kollias  1993.0 
evaluation of ers-2 atsr-2 and noaa-14 avhrr multitemporal data for phenological studies using s jones   a millington   b wyatt proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of remote sensing & hellip ;    
modularity in the design and standardisation of open systems . d beech computer networks   1984.0 
the moral comedy of miss compton-burnett mm curtis wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1964.0 
adsorbate induced surface reconstruction ( abstract only ) k kankaala   t ala-nissila   sc ying oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
motor learning impairment and back pain v janda fimm proceedings   zurich   switzerland    
on the integration of software design information gj ampt information and software technology   1987.0 
information extraction : techniques and challenges r grishman lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
modeling battlefield sensor environments with an object database management system ma woyna   jh christiansen   cw hield   kl simunich   
analyse und synthese nichtlinearer dissipativer systeme : ein ã?berblick a kugi   k schlacher   
j.   stone   ec   waddington   cj   garrard   & binns   wr 1990 i tl   k mh proc . 21st int . cosmic-ray  
evaluating faculty development programs jf wergin new directions for higher education   1977.0 
understanding bizarre and kinky web sites . jc dvorak pc magazine online    
a case of sphenoid ridge meningioma presenting as subarachnoid hemorrhage n nakao   k kubo   h moriwaki no to shinkei   1991.0 
algorithms for partial logic t langholm unpublished manuscript    
bicycle helmets for children js halpern journal of emergency nursing   1990.0 
the operating performance of seasoned equity issuers : free cash flow and post-issue performance r mclaughlin   a safieddine   gk vasudevan   
a view from academia j bhagwati & hellip ; labor   bureau of international labor affairs : international & hellip ;    
image segmentation by clustering gb coleman   hc andrews ieee   proceedings   1979.0 
composite document extended retrieval   '' ea fox proc . acm sigir conference   montreal   canada    
border crossings : transnational movements for alternative development and radical democracy in the jh bandy phd   university of california   santa barbara    
accessibility law evokes cheers   fears s lais computerworld    
optimizing spatial min/max aggregations d zhang   vj tsotras the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2005.0 
the toshiba tiooo   ibmâ ?? s academic computing conference and sparc pcs by l   any press ram test   v write   i speed pc  
resolving the tension between integrity and security using a theorem prover s mazumdar   dw stemple   t sheard   
contracts and member checks in qualitative research in human geography : reason for caution ? m bradshaw area   2001.0 
realtime learning and control using asynchronous dynamic programmming ag baro   sj bradtke   sp singh technical report 91-57   university of massachusetts at amherst    
sedimentpetrographische und stratigraphische untersuchungen in den oberostalpinen mittelkreide - r gaupp technical university mã 1/4 nchen    
beyond valence in the perception of likelihood : the role of emotion specificity d desteno   re petty   dt wegener   dd rucker journal of personality and social psychology   2000.0 
viral prophylaxis in hepatic transplantation : preliminary report of a randomized trial of acyclovir pz nakazato   w burns   p moore   r garcia-kennedy transplantation proceedings   1993.0 
toward logical data independence : a relational query language without relations d maier   d rozenshtein   sc salveter   j stein   ds   
explaining and forecasting results of the self-sufficiency project c ferrall   
nuclear safety in handling radioactive wastes containing fissioning material vs vnukov   ov sichkaruk   li chkuaseli at .  
design and evaluation of parallel pipelined join algorithms jp richardson   h lu   k mikkilineni proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1987.0 
gender and the emergence of leaders : a meta-analysis ah eagly   sj karau journal of personality and social psychology    
testing containment of conjunctive queries under functional and inclusion dependencies ds johnson   a klug proceedings of the 1st acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1982.0 
answer -- reason extraction in a parallel relational database . ms th . ( draft copy )   dept. comptr . sci.   p powell md    
short acting beta agonists for recurrent wheeze in children under 2 years of age r chavasse   p seddon   a bara   m mckean cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
multiplexed   pipelined microcomputers h sullivan submitted for publication    
a methodology for generating and evaluating alternative operation sequences . 1992 sk gupta   ds nau   g zhang submitted for  
the disproof of the special theory of relativity   23 monis kyccou st td mitsopoulis papagou   athens   greece  
on the integration of the thermo-elastic equations jn goodier phil . mag    
prolotherapy injections for chronic low back pain mj yelland   ps del mc   ml schoene cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
statistical gate delay model considering multiple input switching a agarwal   f dartu   d blaauw   
new and junior faculty stress : research and responses . md sorcinelli new directions for teaching and learning   1992.0 
a layered approach to building open aspect-oriented systems p netinant   t elrad   m fayad communications-acm   2001.0 
synthesizing realistic computational grids d lu   pa dinda proceedings of acm/ieee sc 2003 ( supercomputing )   2003.0 
analysis of new variants of coalesced hashing wc chen   js vitter acm transactions on database systems   1984.0 
development of the spatial judgement experimental task . jc moore jr  1965.0 
self-concordance at work : toward understanding the motivational effects of transformational leaders je bono   ta judge academy of management journal   2003.0 
determination of prehospital blood glucose : a prospective   controlled study jl jones   vg ray   je gough   hg garrison journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 
coming back for more b mcwilliams computerworld    
â ?? towards sustainability of agriculture with the help of environmental appraisalâ ?? c la chapelle & hellip ; of the international conference â ?? rural management and & hellip ;    
electronic brokerages for online investing p konana electronic markets   1999.0 
performanceâ ?? a retrospective view nw macfadyen bt technology journal   2002.0 
ismt 157 nm reticle handling meeting t bloomsteinâ ? ¦ san diego    
roadrunner : towards automatic data extraction from large web sites v crescenzi   g mecca   p merialdoâ ? ¦ vldb   2001.0 
isolated venlafaxine-induced serotonin syndrome p kolecki journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
from dynamic ip transport service ordering to diffserv network configuration m brunner   a gonzalez   p martinez computer networks   2003.0 
aids in the elderly : new york city vital statistics tj gaeta   c lapolla   e melendez journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
forging the ties that bind : peer mentoring part-time faculty bj millis new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
the concurrency workbench : a semantics-based verification tool for finite state systems r cleaveland   j parrow   b steen acm toplas    
why sort-merge gives the best implementation of then natural join th merret sigmod record    
note on eigenvalue computation comm jf andrus  1960.0 
hierarchical organization of personality and prediction of behavior sv paunonen journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
improving higher education : the need for a broad view of assessment pj gray   rm diamond new directions for higher education   1989.0 
the conversions of the jews a guttmann wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
engineering information systems ( panel session ) : builders and designers perspective n roussopoulos proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1986.0 
teaching social studies creatively . w solomon social studies and the young learner   1989.0 
afterword : reflections on the college presidency . d reisman new directions for higher education   1996.0 
stochastic query optimization in distributed databases pe drenick   ej smith acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1993.0 
simultaneous diagonalization in the frequency domain ( sdif ) for source separation hc wu   jc principe   
versions of schema for oodbs w kim   h chou proc . 14th vldb    
approximate computation of multidimensional aggregates of sparse data using wavelets js vitter sigmod conference   1999.0 
us public opinion concerning the procurement and distribution of donor organs rw evans   dl manninen transplant proc   1988.0 
presenting to local and remote audiences g jancke   j grudin   a gupta   
jp wolfe   s. wagaw   j.-f . marcoux und sl buchwald a ã?bersichtsartikel acc . chem . res    
models   modeling   and the design of the study s ransdell   c hawkins   r adams international journal of educational research   2001.0 
new truths and old verities ja ramaley new directions for higher education   2002.0 
remote sensing and geostatistical analysis of anthropogenic biomass burning and forest degradation n matzke & hellip ; barbara   california   university of california   santa barbara    
yu . d. tsvetkov   and vv voevodskii ys lebedev kinetika i kataliz    
customizable virtual private network service with qos lk lim   j gao   tse ng   pr chandra   p steenkiste   h computer networks   2001.0 
health care expenditures in india'in m. dasgupta   et al. p berman  1995.0 
data management and graphics editing in the berkeley design environment d harrison   p moore   r spickelmier   ar newton proceedings of ieee    
on being optimistic about real-time constraints jr haritsa   mj carey   m livny proceedings of the ninth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1990.0 
the consultant as personal change agent . jc goldberg new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
students ' perceptions of large classes . dh wulff new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0 
continuously adaptive continuous queries over streams y liu   
should college presidents be educators ? . j silber new directions for higher education   1988.0 
study of implementation strategies of enterprise business reengineering f qiao   h tian   q wu   r shen & hellip ; of international conference on management science and the & hellip ;    
masson ; 2004 . 352 pã ¡ gs fi barcelona   
the choices before us : an administrator 's perspective on faculty staffing and student learning in gw reichard new directions for higher education   2003.0 
simultaneous inferences in nonparametric functional estimation pb gilbert   mr kosorok  2001.0 
contexts and metamessages in object-oriented database programming language design m caruso   e sciore proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1988.0 
drugs and human information processing e callaway   r halliday   h naylor   l yano neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1994.0 
psychosocial support of trauma patients in the emergency department by nurses   as indicated by kw moore   ks schwartz journal of emergency nursing   1993.0 
radial diffusion coefficients of galactic and anomalous cosmic rays in the heliosphere . z fujii   fb mcdonald proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf   1999.0 
a note and a checklist jr bryer wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
organizational differences in managerial compensation and financial performance b gerhart   gt milkovich the academy of management journal   1990.0 
rethinking the conference reviewing process mj franklin   j widom   a ailamaki   pa bernstein   d & hellip ; of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 
indexing and retrieval strategies for natural language fact retrieval jl kolodner acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
asynchronous parallel branch and bound and anomalies a de bruin   gap kindervater   h trienekens lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
arousal and attraction : a response-facilitation alternative to misattribution and negative - jb allen   dt kenrick   de linder   ma mccall journal of personality and social psychology    
structure sharinginlexicalrepresentations ' pcwt flickingerd proceedings of the 23rd acl   chicago    
a deductive and object-oriented database system : why and how ? l vieille proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1993.0 
cytochromes c : evolutionary   structural   and physicochemical aspects gr moore   gw pettigrew  1990.0 
the virtue of palladium-catalyzed domino reactions-diverse oligocyclizations of acyclic 2 - a de meijere   p von zezschwitz   s brase acc chem res   2005.0 
interaction of small molecule inhibitors of hiv-1 entry with ccr5 c seibert   w ying   s gavrilov   f tsamis   se submitted for  
should ganzfeld research continue to be crucial in the search for a replicable psi effect j milton part i    
cosmic ray effects caused by great disturbances of the interplanetary medium in 1990-1996 av belov   ea eroshenko   vg yanke proc . 26th int . cosmic ray  
why people self-verify wb swann jr   a stein-seroussi   rb giesler journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0 
misconceptions about real-time programming ja stankovic ieee computer    
students ' attitudes toward the responsibilities and barriers in doctoral study rc kluever new directions for higher education   1997.0 
user needs assessment and evaluation for the uc berkeley electronic environmental library project : a na van house proceedings of acm digital libraries &#39; 95   1995.0 
a case for dynamic view management y kotidis   n roussopoulos acm transactions on database systems   2001.0 
partial inverse linear programming s gentry   
towards on open architecture for ldl . d chimenti   r gamboa   r krishnamurthy vldb   1989.0 
on-line new event detection and tracking r swan   j allan proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;    
prospective students m our faculty   
white-noise generator   '' j dunn electronic  
novice programming comes of age dc smith   a cypher   l tesler communications-acm   2000.0 
the gmap : a versatile tool for physical data independence g odysseas   mh solomon   ye ioannidist   
the sociology of subcultures . do arnold  1970.0 
discovering misconceptions in a distributed pedagogical system r joshua   dh scuse  2004.0 
rebasing win32 dlls : the whole story . rr asche   
storage and querying of e-commerce data r agrawal   a somani   y xu vldb   2001.0 
remote sensing training and education needs in india ps roy gis at    
linear hashing with partial expansions . very large data bases pa larson international conference on very large data  
this court held that under the constitution of the state of florida a municipalityâ ?? s power to levy i birdsong id .  
on index configuration in object-oriented databases . extended version   august 1993 e bertino object-oriented concepts   databases   and applications . new & hellip ;    
a performance study of an optical burst switched network with dynamic simultaneous link possession t battestilli   hg perros computer networks   2006.0 
fuzzy logic torque ripple reduction for dtc based ac drives ig bird   hz de la parra electronic letters   1997.0 
faculty leaves . dg marker new directions for higher education   1983.0 
latino connections : family   neighbors   and community . children 's literature . mh cordier   ma perez-stable social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
defensive attribution : effects of severity and relevance on the responsibility assigned for an kg shaver journal of personality and social psychology    
continuously adaptive continuous queries sm ms02   m shah   jm hellerstein   v raman  2000.0 
open object database management systems ja blakeley proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1994.0 
feasibility study of configuration algorithms for the switch fabric of a load-balanced switch with s arekapudi   
the design and evaluation of network raid protocols dr kenchammana-hosekote   ra golding   c fleiner   oa tech . report rj 10316   ibm almaden research center   san jose   ca  
partial differential equation modeling for stochastic fixed strategy distributed systems v dorofeenko   j shorish unpublished manuscript   2003.0 
single dose oral ibuprofen and diclofenac for postoperative pain sl collins   ra moore   hj mcquay   pj wiffen   je cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
improving the accuracy of circuit activity measurement   '' 31st acm/ieee design automation conference b kapoor san diego    
constrained cascade generalization of decision trees h zhao   s ram knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on   2004.0 
automotive active suspensions part 1 : basic principles ingentaconnect.com   
the open system user 's programming interfaces a langsford computer networks   1984.0 
a performance evaluation of alternative xml document schemas pf sullivan   
entrepreneurship in higher education dw breneman new directions for higher education   2005.0 
well ... it isnâ ?? t quite that simple rm corless   dj jeffrey   
guaranteeing correctness and availability in p2p range indices p linga   a crainiceanu   j gehrke   j proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
the role of a judge in a user based retrieval experiment ( poster session ) m wu   m fuller   r wilkinson proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 
trace table based approach for pipelined microprocessor verification j sawada   wa hunt lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
erp project problems plague city payroll c stedman computerworld    
professionalizing the economic developer md waterhouse new directions for higher education   1997.0 
'' system level concurrency control for database systems dj rosenkrantz   rd stearns   pm lewis acm tods   v    
lesbians in academia : degrees of freedom b mintz   ed rothblum  1997.0 
amultivariate simultaneous generalized arch @   wp n1 89-57r   u r engle   kf kroner california   san diego    
panko   1ltl project teams : profiles and member perceptions st kinney proceedings of the 25 ~ h hawaii international conference on & hellip ;    
information age transformation ds alberts getting to a    
niagaracq : continuous queries j chenâ ? ¦ & hellip ; of the 2000 acm sigmod conference   dallas   tx   may    
chabot : retrieval froma relationaldatabase ofimages ve ogle ieee computer    
a case of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias probably due to psychotropic drugs n kondou   y hiasa   k kishi   h fujinaga   y ohishi   kokyu to junkan   1993.0 
andtvonrosenvinge   . t. : 1990   â ?? observations in the outer heliosphere of the cosmic ray recovery fb mcdonald   n lal   a lukasiak   re mcguire proc . int . conf . cosmic rays  
newer facets of sickle cell adhesiveness sb shohet   bjm thevenin   iw sherman cellular and molecular biology letters   1998.0 
internet addiction : is it just this monthâ ?? s hand-wringer for worry-warts   or a genuine problem rw greene computerworld    
web accessibility for the low vision user m bergel   a chadwick-dias   t tullis & hellip ; association annual conference   montreal   canada . june    
oral theophylline for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease fs ram   pw jones   aa castro   ja de brito   an cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
ivy halls and glass walls : barriers to academic careers for women and ethnic minorities p bronstein   ed rothblum   se solomon new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
formal development in b abstract machine notation k lano   h haughton information and software technology   1995.0 
using wordnet tm to disambiguate word sense for text retrieval em voorhees proceedings of acm sigir conference   1993.0 
l. wiecke for the hires collaboration k martens proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf . ( tsukuba )    
design and evaluation of a new mac protocol for long-distance 802.11 mesh networks b raman   k chebrolu   
laparoscopic colposuspension for urinary incontinence in women b moehrer   g ellis   m carey   pd wilson cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
tree-pattern queries on a lightweight xml processor mm moro   z vagena   vj tsotras proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
syncope : the forgotten sign of pulmonary embolism j varon   re fromm journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
the importance of collaborative know-how : an empirical test of the learning organization bl simonin the academy of management journal   1997.0 
strict identifiability of multichannel fir systems : further results and developments k abed-meraim   y hua proc . int . conf .  
education for the information age ps breivik new directions for higher education   1992.0 
boston comnmnity information system 1986 erperimenfal test results dk giffordâ ? ¦ mit/lcs/tr -397 . imit laboratory for computer science   cambridge    
computer-supported information systems . wh mayhew new directions for higher education   1983.0 
source acm sigmod record archive rt snodgrass   m winslett acm sigmod record   1994.0 
incremental logic synthesis through gate logic structure identification t shinsha   t kubo   y sakataya   j koshishita   k proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
informix under control : online query processing jm hellerstein   r avnur   v raman data mining and knowledge discovery   2000.0 
free parallel data mining b li  1998.0 
asynchronous iterative methods for multiprocessors gm baudet journal of the acm ( jacm )   1978.0 
a view of coroutines d grune   
the study of world war ii . pull-out feature i. me haas   jk tipton social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
multi-level annotation of natural scenes using dominant image components and semantic concepts j fan   y gao   h luo proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
electronic contracting in online stock trading s dasgupta electronic markets   1998.0 
penalized multivariate logistic regression with a large data set f gao  1999.0 
tests of branch splitting and branch-splitting independence in allais paradoxes mh birnbaum submitted for  
krypton 4 p   4 s and 3 d partial photoionization cross sections below 260 ev photon energy ( abstract j tulkki   s aksela   h aksela   y furusawa   a oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
shoring up persistent applications proc . of the 1994 acm sigmod conference m carey   d dewitt   j naughton   m solomonâ ? ¦ minneapolis   mn   may    
positrons in solids p hautojarvi  1979.0 
data networks as cascades : explaining the multifractal nature of internet wan trac a feldmann   a gilbert   w willinger proc . acm sigcomm    
pre-and post-colonial sediment sources and storage in the lower neuse basin   north carolina jd phillips physical geography    
lifting the burden of history from adaptive query processing a deshpande   jm hellerstein proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
detection of anticardiolipin antibody in patients with cocaine abuse . ga fritsma   jb leikin   aj maturen   cj froelich   do journal of emergency medicine   1991.0 
x consortium . x11r5   configuration management in the x window system j fulton mit laboratory for computer science . ( available from x11r5/mit /  
teachersâ ?? perceptions of the block schedule jh hulce  2000.0 
c.   and pires   f.   1994   databases for gis b medeiros sigmod  
text filtering by boosting naive bayesian classifiers yh kim   sy hahn   bt zhang proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;    
part-based shape retrieval m tanase   rc veltkamp   
age and alzheimer disease w bondareff lancet   i   1983.0 
a new model for packet schedulingin multihop wireless networks h luo   s lu   v bharghavan proceedings of acm  
alex-a simple and efficient scanner generator h mossenbock acm sigplan notices   1986.0 
resettable zero-knowledge r canetti   o goldreich   s goldwasser   s micali   
experience with the vhdl environment m loughzail   m cote   m aboulhamid   e cerny design automation conference   1988 . proceedings.   25th acm / & hellip ;   1988.0 
oxidation-reduction potentials of organic systems   william and wilkins   baltimore wm clark md    
birch : anecient dataclusteringmethod forvery large databases t zhang   r ramakrishnan   m livny proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
mathematical methods : what we need and donâ ?? t need dl parnas ieee computer    
tauber   computers are social actors c nass proceedings of acm  
andm . f. kaashoek . fugu : implementingtranslationand protection ina multiuser   k mackenzie   j kubiatowicz   a agarwal  1994.0 
ddr-distributed dynamic routing algorithm for mobile ad hoc networks n nikaein   h labiod   c bonnet mobihoc proceedings   2000.0 
control systems theory for linear repetitive processes-recent progress and open research problems e rogers   k galkowski   dh owens applied mathematics and computer science   1997.0 
vibrations in structures . h bachmann   w ammann iabse   eth-hoenggerberg   ch-8093 zurich ( switzerland )   1987   & hellip ;   1987.0 
birch : an efficient data clustering method for very large databasesâ ''   jagadish hv   mumick is   eds t zhang   r ramakrishnan   m livny proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
linear hashing with partial expansions pa larson vldb   1980.0 
special section on data management issues in e-commerce a dogac acm sigmod record    
aspiration of free blood from the peritoneal cavity does not mandate immediate laparotomy . k nagy   j fildes   e sloan journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
the phantom public w lippmann   
schizophrenia : emil kraepelin   adolph meyer   and beyond mj tueth journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
strakovskaya ls kremenehugskii   r ya at .  
how computers are transforming higher education . rg gillespie new directions for higher education   1983.0 
hyperbaric oxygen therapy for multiple sclerosis m bennett   r heard cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
semistructured and structured data in the web : going back and forth p atzeni   g mecca   p merialdo sigmod record   1997.0 
dynamic spectrum utilization in ad hoc networks [ star   open ] vr syrotiuk   m cui   s ramkumar   cj colbourn computer networks   2004.0 
information paradox pa strassmann computerworld    
design of an optical ground station for in-orbit check-out of free space laser communication rh czichy   z sodnik   b furch proc . spie   1995.0 
scacchi . softman : anenvironmentforforwardandreverse case sc choiandw information and software technology    
vitterj ( 2001 ) supporting incrementaljoinqueriesonrankedinputs cyc natseva   lcs smithj & hellip ; 27th international conference on very large data bases   & hellip ;    
the north american breeding bird survey   results and analysis 1966-2002 . version 2003.1   usgs jr sauer   je hines   j fallon   
the politics of workplace literacy : a case study sg gowen  1992.0 
supl :) orting transaction time in the relational algebra e mckenzie   r snodgrass proceedings of the a cm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
blind extraction of stochastic and deterministic signals by neural network approach tp chen   r chen proc . of 28th asilomar conference on signals   systems and & hellip ;    
kafka and phenomenology : josef k. 's search for information cn pondrom wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
under-urbanization policies assessed : china   1949-1986 m ran   bjl berry urban geography    
processing of the nedd2 precursor by ice-like proteases and granzyme b nl harvey   ja trapani   t fernandes-alnemri   g genes to cells   1996.0 
awareness   attitudes   and perceptions of regular education students towards students who receive sa johnson  2004.0 
chemistry of the upper and lower atmosphere : theory   experiments   and applications academic bj finlayson-pitts   jn pitts san diego   calif    
the flow of water in an inclined channel of rectangular section h jeffreys phil . mag    
many faces of risk : free speech versus public safety jl jervis new directions for higher education   2004.0 
august 30   2000   oregon department of geology and mineral industries   baker city field office   m ferns ecology and environment   inc.   seattle    
information storage and retrieval : a survey and functional description j minker acm sigir forum   1977.0 
building opportunities   enforcing obligations f dolittle   v knox   c miller   s rowser  1998.0 
sex differences in emotion : expression   experience   and physiology am kring   ah gordon journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
some experimental results on distributed join algorithms in a local area network h lu   m carey proc . 11th intl. conf . on vldb    
extending entity-relationship systems to support hypotheses   constraints   versions   and documents mf bosco   m gibelli information and software technology   1991.0 
lower bounds for online graph problems with application to online circuit and optical routing y bartal   a fiat   s leonardi proc . 28th annu . acm symp . theory  
from data independence to knowledge independence : an on-going story l vieille proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
advanced ceramics p ramakrishnan bombay   india   8-9 mar. 1990   1990.0 
may ( 1990 ) traffic flow fundamentals d adolf   
roadrunner : automatic data extraction from data-intensive web sites v crescenzi sigmod conference   2002.0 
anthrax threats : a report of two incidents from salt lake city er swanson   de fosnocht journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
a survey of alternative designs for a search engine storage structure a garratt   m jackson   p burden   j wallis information & software technology   2001.0 
stress related failures causing open metallization sk groothuis   wh schroen proc . int . reliability phys . syp    
a bt enterprise configuration management system sr moor   ke gleen   j gunne-braden bt technology journal   1997.0 
open your door or we 'll sue   '' says software piracy patrol . c von simson   c wilder computerworld.   1990.0 
automatic generation of personalized music sports video j wang   c xu   e chng   l duan   k wan   q tian proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
storage model g copeland   sk decomp acm  
general education : the insiders ' view . sb twombly new directions for higher education   1992.0 
tip : a temporal extension to informix j yang   hc ying   j widom   
online s lambert microsoft  
turning play into work : effects of adult surveillance and extrinsic rewards on childrenâ ?? s mr lepper   d greene journal of personality and social psychology    
dynamic resource brokering for multi-user query execution dl davison   g graefe sigmod conference   1995.0 
the dutch experiment in developing adult creativity fh haanstra new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0 
openness to a broader view of scholarship l richlin new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
conservative radicalism : an approach to computers in mental health jh greist md    
operating system based software generation for systems-on-chip   dacâ ?? 2000â ?? design automation d desmet   d verkest   d de man proceedings   acm    
exposing undergraduate students to database system internals a ailamaki   j hellerstein sigmod record   2003.0 
the case for partial indexes m stonebraker sigmod record   1989.0 
two ways of slicing programs . ag middleton information and software technology   1989.0 
distributed transactions in practice . acms anthology sigmod record   1999.0 
keoladeonationalparkecologystudy1980â ?? 1990 vs vijayan & hellip ;   bombay natural history society   india ( bnhs )   bombay    
a spoken language system for information retrieval sk bennacef   h bonneau-maynard   jl gauvain   l proc . icslp    
a methodology for database system performance evaluation h boral   dj dewitt proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1984.0 
the additive nature of chronic and temporary sources of construct accessibility ja bargh   rn bond   wj lombardi   me tota journal of personality and social psychology    
opossum : desk-top schema management through customizable visualization em haber   ye ioannidis   m livny proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
practical programmer a sociopolitical look at open source rl glass communications-acm   2003.0 
humor as structure and theme in faulkner 's trilogy pg adams wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1964.0 
finding all simple disjunctive decompositions using irredundant sum-of-products forms s minato   g de micheli proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0 
cyclic networks : a family of versatile fixed-degree interconnection architectures ch yeh   b parhami   
pc pricing reconsidered : free nt test drive debuts â ?? sj johnston computerworld    
parallel programming with polaris rd williamblume   r eigenmann   j grout   j hoeinger   ieee computer    
the 2001 survey on time use and leisure activities js bureau online at    
use of generalised discharge equation for flow over triangular skew weir . mn shesha prakash   av shivapur proc.   28th nat . conf.   fluid mechanics and fluid power   & hellip ;    
paramodulation and set of support l wos   g robinson   
dut . 1977 . postharvest handling of south african citrus fruit p pelser proc . int . soc .  
automatic classification of database columns using feature analysis hct ho   x tian submitted for publication    
equilibrium policy experiments and the evaluation of social programmes   ottawa j lise   s seitz   j smith social research and demonstration corporation    
free theorems in the presence of seq p johann   j voigtlander   
zur verbreitung und oekologie endophytischer pilze o petrini  1984.0 
understanding and using action research in practice settings gw kuhne   ba quigley new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
early hash join : a configurable algorithm for the efficient and early production of join results r lawrence proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
formation of methylglyoxal-modified proteins in vitro and in vivo and their involvement in age - pj thornalley   m westwood   twc lo   ac mclellan contributions to  
use of code sensing technique in the receiver-based spreading code protocol and its performance xh chen   
salinger : the romantic background cf strauch wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 
new age components for old-fashioned java s mcdirmid   m flatt   wch jiazzi proc . of acm sigplan  
modeling and simulation of friction da haessig   b friedland proc . spie   1991.0 
software for information storage and retrieval tested   evaluated and compared . pt ii : classical eg sieverts   m hofstede   ph haak   p nieuwenhuysen   electronic library   1991.0 
dasd tuning | understanding the basics   '' mg baker proceedings international conference on management and  
irrigation water consumption through remote sensing t alexandridis   y chemin comparison at    
an advanced calibrator for dynamic wind-tunnel experiments es hanff & hellip ; symposium   25 th   anaheim   calif   proceedings . part 1   1979.0 
chromium speciation in water by electrothermal aas after simultaneous adsorption of cr ( iii ) and cr sj kumar   p ostapczuk   h emons at . spectrosc    
ascii-stokoe notation : a computer-writeable transliteration system for stokoe notation of american m mandel unpublished manuscript    
an integration architecture for user-centric document creation   retrieval   and analysis r witte proceedings of the vldb workshop on information integration  
responding to consumerism . js stark   jv griffith new directions for higher education   1979.0 
immunocytochemistry controls using cell culture dfi kurtycz   r logrono   m leopando   a slattery   sl   
xml and information retrieval : a sigir 2000 workshop d carmel   y maarek   a soffer sigir forum   2000.0 
improving memory in old age through implicit self-stereotyping b levy journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
books online v8 . 00.02 sql server microsoft corp    
pipelined interface for hw/sw codesign w hardt   a gã 1/4 nther   r camposano submitted to  
technology partnerships for faculty : case studies and lesson learned w anderson   s bonefas new directions for higher education   2002.0 
poetry   1964 sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
of a database middleware system to support remote sensing analysis over distributed data sources aa suã ¡ rez   pr mayagã 1/4 ez   
the ethic of disintegration : a recent case in poetics je emma wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
comparws : compare with summary : a macro using proc compare to write a file of differences to edit r fehd proceedings of the 23rd annual sas r users group & hellip ;    
applied microsoft . net framework programming r jeffrey microsoft press    
sir jagadis chandra bose : a biography for students b mitra  1982.0 
understanding ` variation ' in component-based development : case findings from practice m lycett information & software technology   2001.0 
enzyme activities in muscles of seasonally acclimatized house finches c carey   rl marsh   a bekoff   rm johnston   am olin see ref    
bibliography : temporal databases e mcke mckenzie sigmod record    
mitra and c. buckley . improving automatic query expansion as mandar proceedings of acm sigir    
on connection of cosmic ray long term variations with solar-heliospheric parameters av belov   rt gushchina   vg yanke proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf   1999.0 
clinical study of pontine hemorrhage with special reference to ct classification and surgical c ochiai   k sano   s kobayashi   t sasaki   y no to shinkei   1979.0 
violence in health care : what nurse managers need to know p elliott   
a data model and l ~ ry language for xodus m careyâ ? ¦ proc . sigmod conf.   chicago    
the organization of semantic memory jr shelton   a caramazza see rapp    
engineering information systems : builders and designers perspective n roussopoulos   
abbadi :   ae   storage and retrieval of moving objects hd chon   d agrawal ieee intl. conf . on mobile data management ( mdm )    
literacy impact studies in solomon islands and vanuatu g singh international journal of educational research   2001.0 
simultaneous optimization and evaluation ofmultiple dimensional queries y zhao   p deshpande   j naughton   a shukla proc . ofthe acm sigmod conf . on management  
self testing computers jb clary   ra sacane ieee  
applying hash filters to improving the execution of bushy trees ms chen   hi hsiao   ps yu   
chameleon : a new multi-layer channel router d braun   j burns   s davadas   hk ma   k mayaram   f proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
case tool for reusable software component storage and retrieval in rapid prototyping r steigerwald   j mcdowell   l luqi information and software technology   1991.0 
out-of-class contract learning at justin morrill . j duley new directions for higher education   1975.0 
gender differences in moral reasoning k bussey   b maughan journal of personality and social psychology    
how important are employee benefits to public sector employees ? tj bergmann   ma bergmann   jl grahn public personnel management   1994.0 
providing role models online : telementoring gives students real-life connections in science and d bennett electronic learning   1997.0 
sex differences in eavesdropping on nonverbal cues : developmental changes pd blanck   r rosenthal   s snodgrass   bm depaulo   m journal of personality and social psychology    
lexical relations : enhancing effectiveness of information retrieval systems e fox acm sigir forum   1980.0 
the killer app crew s moore computerworld    
almost ` like family ' : emergency nurses and ` frequent flyers ' re malone journal of emergency nursing   1996.0 
concurrency control in multilevel-secure databases based on replicated architecture b kogan   s jajodia acm sigmod record   1990.0 
handling the chemical part in large air pollution models j brandt   j wasniewski   z zlatev applied mathematics and computer science   1996.0 
k. 13 . harvey   and gm mitchell dj barber phil . mag    
stuff iâ ?? ve seen : a system for personal information retrieval and re-use s dumais   e cutrell   jj cadiz   g jancke   r sarin   proceedings of sigir   2003.0 
the student affairs establishment and the institutionalization of the collegiate ideal am ortiz new directions for higher education   1999.0 
on kent 's â ?? consequences of assuming a universal relationâ ?? ( technical correspondance ) jd ullman acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1983.0 
elmhirst memorial lecture : the dynamics of agriculture . food securtiy   diversification and resource y mundlak proceedings of the 23rd . international conference of & hellip ;    
alpha-1 proteinase inhibitor ( a1pi ) for preventing chronic lung disease in preterm infants p shah   a ohlsson cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
the proteus bibliography : representation and interactive display in databases tl anderson   ef ecklund   d maier acm sigmod record   1986.0 
variations on language modeling for information retrieval w kraaij acm sigir forum   2005.0 
locality preserving dictionaries : theory and application to clustering in databases v raman proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst   1999.0 
personal need for structure : individual differences in the desire for simple structure sl neuberg   jt newsom journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
an updating algorithm for subspace tracking   university of maryland at college park   college park gw stewart md    
anisotropic coupled-field inclusion and inhomogeneity problems [ j ] li jy   ml dunn phil mag    
prentice hall fd corrigan   c eire   m jaffee   
field computation by moment methods rf harrington   
cognitive approach for building user model in an information retrieval context ( poster session ) as belhassen   nb abdallah   hhb ghezala proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 
the representation of debate as a basis for information storage and retrieval d lowe & hellip ;   computer science dept.   stanford university   stanford   ca & hellip ;    
the dawn at my back cp blue proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
research and practice in federated information systems mr ii   gj houben   rd kutsche   k subieta   b rieger sigmod record   2000.0 
gamma echo experiments ( abstract only ) p helisto   i tittonen   m lippmaa   t katila oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
tastes likeâ ? ¦ m ciglar proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
bargaining and network structure : an experiment g charness   m corominas-bosch   gr frechette   
data replication in a distributed system : a performance study sy hwang   kks lee   yh chin lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
exogenous uptake of carbonyl stress compounds promoting age formation from peritoneal dialysis a wieslander   t linden   b musi   l jarkelid   r contributions to nephrology   2001.0 
higher education in corporate readaptation . rr sims new directions for higher education   1988.0 
strategies for faculty development . wj hynes new directions for higher education   1984.0 
tools for real-time collaborative work in the colab g foster position paper and demonstration at the groupware technology  
temporal slicing in the evaluation of xml queries d gao   rt snodgrass proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
going global a cohen pc magazine    
compressing historical information in sensor networks a deligiannakis   y kotidis   n roussopoulos proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
e ective use of large ram diskless workstations with the v virtual memory system d cheriton technical report   dept. of computer science   stanford university  
september 11   2000   clerk   city of sumpter   telephone conversation regarding use of city of sumpter t thompson ecology and environment   inc.   seattle    
orientation programs for new faculty . ld fink new directions for teaching and learning   1992.0 
educating the practitioner : strategies for focusing on the student in the undergraduate business er melander new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
comparison of simulated impacts of ssp and mfip with results from evaluation . c michalopoulos unpublished paper   manpower demonstration research & hellip ;    
performance analysis of linear hashing with partial expansions pa larson acm transactions on database systems   1982.0 
a typology of spatiotemporal information queries m yuan   j mcintosh   
erwerb und vermittlung von wortschatz   iudicium   mã 1/4 nchen   1997 o baeyerlein   
church-related colleges and academics . kw shipps new directions for higher education   1992.0 
early holocene glacial interactions in inner frobisher bay   southern baffin island   nunavut wf manley   jj moore proceedings of the 25th arctic workshop   centre dâ ?? ã?tudes & hellip ;    
maine   john feather   steven goldthorpe   and jeffrey   kahler   â ?? flight test of a propulsion-based jj burken   fw burcham jr   a trindel & hellip ; system using thrust modulation demonstration on an md-11  
demonstrating a video and audio web c parker   a pang   s pfeiffer proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
student perceptions of group dynamics course effectiveness dj strebel  2001.0 
partial alphabetic trees   2001 a barkan   h kaplan   
greek ampelography   vol . 1 v krimbas athens   greece : ministry of agriculture    
calculation of energetic heliospheric ion spectra in the kev-to-mev range based on simultaneous a dworsky   hj fahr   
storage estimationfor multi-dimensional aggregates in the presence of hierarchies a shukla   p deshpande   j naughton   k ramasamy proc . 22nd  
differences in chondrogenesis by proximal and distal chick wing bud cell suhpopulations after bj swalla   m solursh  1989.0 
ultrastructural localization of steroid sulphatase in cultured human fibroblasts by r willemsen   m kroos   at hoogeveen   jm van dongen   the histochemical journal   1988.0 
the american novel . a survey of 1966 r lehan wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
computation of the block-pulse solution of singular systems z trzaska iee proceedings  
partial behavioral reflection : spatial and temporal selection of reification e tanter   j noye   d caromel   p cointe   
stuttering measurement system ( sms ) rj ingham   k bakker   m kilgo   r moglia  1999.0 
network destruction : the structural implications of downsizing pp shah academy of management journal   2000.0 
virtual machine advantages in security   integrity   and decision support systems . ibm systems 1 . lb   jj donovan   se madnicb acm transactions on database systems    
eine deklarative komponentenarchitektur und interaktionsbausteine fã 1/4 r dreidimensionale multimediale r dachselt   
construction of a dynamic thesaurus and its use for associative information retrieval h kimoto   t iwadera proceedings of acm sigir    
running ms-dos qbasic m halvorson   d rygmyr  1991.0 
energetic particle ripple loss in iter sv konovalov   e lamzin   k tobita   y gribov   
why are private benefits of control so large in certain countries and what effects does this have on a dyck   l zingales unpublished manuscript    
cio survival : study gives new view ae alter computerworld    
faculty senate rules committee 2003-04 annual report s emmons  2003.0 
on fractional differences a gemant phil mag    
the cordic trigonometric computing technique   âº ire trans je volder electronic computers    
performance : the need for an in-depth view hf jordan acm press frontier series   1990.0 
the flaunting of artifice in vladimir nabokov and jorge luis borges p merivale wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
the chameleon effect : the perception-behavior link and social interaction tl chartrand   ja bargh journal of personality and social psychology   1999.0 
beyond technology : the missing pieces for qos success c macian   l burgstahler   w payer   s junghans   c proc . acm sigcomm    
the effect of haloperidol in cocaine and amphetamine intoxication . rw derlet   te albertson   p rice journal of emergency medicine   1990.0 
open source software development : an overview mw wu   yd lin   
8 and in california   9 cited work this as a source of discrimination i sedalia   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?dynamat : a dynamic view management system for data warehousesã cents â ? ¬ â ? y kotidis   n roussopoulos proc . of the acm sigmod  
tuning red for web traffic mck jeffay   d ott   f smith proceedings of acm/sigcomm    
performance study of emerging serial storage interfaces : serial storage architecture ( ssa ) and fiber dhc du   j hsieh   t chang   y wang   s shim   
the impact of public institutions on regional income ; upstate medical center as a case in point cl moore economic geography   1974.0 
incremental computation and maintenance of temporal aggregates '' ( full version )   techreport j yang   j widom  2000.0 
color   colored quarks   quantum chromodynamics an tavkhelidze proc . int . sem .  
section 1â ?? field investigation u gã 1/4 ã § lã ¹ investigations on july 22   1967 mudurnu valley earthquake     1969.0 
vocal cord dysfunction mimicking a severe asthma attack jm wolfe   bm meth journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
gain : child care in a welfare employment initiative : california 's greater avenues for independence ( k martinson   ja riccio  1989.0 
dynamat : a dynamic view management system for data warehouse y kotodis   n roussopoulos proceedings of the acm sigmod    
us leads in online privacy disclosure j cline computerworld    
interoperability of data parallel runtime libraries g edjlali   a sussman   j saltz   
toward an â ?? interferenceâ ?? model of student learning in medicine   paper presented at the 7th jhf meyer   eg cleary  1997.0 
spartina workshop record : seattle   washington   november 14-15   1990 tf mumford  1991.0 
an overview of natural hazard zoning with special reference to avalanches j hopf proceedings of the anniversary conference for the 25 years & hellip ;    
introduction : development theory and environment in an age of market triumphalism r peet   m watts economic geography   1993.0 
maritime surveillance radar . part 1 : radar scattering from the ocean surface kd ward   cj baker   s watts iee proceedings   1990.0 
hints on test data selection : help for the practicing programmer a richard ieee computer    
temporal conditions and integrity constraints in active database systems ap sistla   o wolfson sigmod conference   1995.0 
remote sensing applications in hydrology and water resources management h haefner   ah schumann  1992.0 
social facilitation and inhibition of emotional expression and communication r buck   ji losow   mm murphy   p costanzo journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0 
experiments on galvanic electricity w nicholson   a carlisle   w cruickshank phil . mag    
attention span   distractibility and inhibitory potential of good and poor readers . rw birch  1967.0 
campop jj enck wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1966.0 
the twin towers : a remote sensing device for controlling live-interactive computer music l tarabella   g bertini   t sabbatini procs  
research in information managment at dublin city university m roantree   af smeaton acm sigmod record   2002.0 
hyperbolic systems o veres   
applications of murphyâ ?? s elements p diaconis   c greene technical report 335   dept. of statistics   stanford university    
asynchronous nested transactions for mult-tier applications r karoui   m saheb   
effects of age at entry   knowledge intensity   and imitability on international growth e autio   hj sapienza   jg almeida academy of management  
a brief survey of papers on scheduling for pipelined processors sm krishamurthy acm sigplan notices   1990.0 
parametrization of postscript fonts through metafont : an alternative to adobe multiple master fonts y haralambous electronic publishing    
simulating ( log cn ) - wise independence in nc b berger journal of the acm ( jacm )   1991.0 
using audio-casi to collect data on domestic violence a gallup-black unpublished manuscript   manpower demonstration research & hellip ;    
polarity in bending deformation in insb crystals . ii . theory and supplementary experiments k sumino   h shimizu phil mag    
instituting change in the faculty reward system . rm diamond new directions for higher education   1993.0 
learning and the instructional system . rb kozma new directions for higher education   1977.0 
dynamic voting algorithms s jajodia   d mutchler acm trans . database syst    
on semantic reefs and efficient processing of correlation queries with aggregates w kiessling vldb   1985.0 
application of telemetry to sports activities t ishiko biomechanics i    
applying the agent paradigm to network management rg davison   j hardwicke   m cox bt technology journal   1998.0 
effects of age on foraging in birds j burger proc . int . ornithol . congr    
modeling the effects of faking on a personality test mj zickar   j rosse   r levinâ ? ¦ unpublished manuscript    
hydrogen research rp anderson development and demonstration activities at the idaho & hellip ;    
going digital   '' j ozer   i trends pc magazine   april    
pathology of zoo animals : zoological society of san diego la griner san diego   california    
a matemã ¡ tica da nova economia b lev hsm management    
adaptive mesh refinementfor hyperbolic partial differential equations jb marsha technical report manuscript na-83-02   stanford university   march  
automatic verification of database transaction safety d stemple   t sheard acm tods    
d. ott   fd smith   tuning red for web traffic m chnstiansen   k jeffay proceedings of acm/sigcomm    
pnni augmented routing ( par ) and proxy-par . r haas   p droz   d bauer computer networks   2000.0 
the least-squares finite element method : theory and applications in computational fluid dynamics and b jiang  1998.0 
high glucose level and free fatty acid stimulate reactive oxygen species production through protein t inoguchi   p li   f umeda   hy yu   m kakimoto   m diabetes-new york -   2000.0 
a comparison of empirical and model-driven optimization k yotov   x li   g ren   m cibulskis   g dejong   m   
using cats to help new instructors develop as teachers l richlin new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
the open channel c mccabe ieee computer    
kernel partial least squares regression in rkhs r rosipal   lj trejo journal of machine learning research    
a theory-refinement approach to information extraction t eliassi-rad   j shavlik   
vida : an environment for multidimensional image display and analysis ea hoffman   d gnanaprakasam   kb gupta   jd hoford   proc spie   1992.0 
exponential asymptotics for limits of renewal equations and pseudo-stationary phenomena for m gyllenberg   ds silvestrov submitted for publication    
from collegiality to confrontation : faculty-to-faculty conflicts rr leal new directions for higher education   1995.0 
an adaptive data replication algorithm o wolfson   s jajodia   y huang acm transactions on database systems   1997.0 
graphoid properties of epistemic irrelevance and independence fg cozman   p walley unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
charting reform in chicago schools : pluralistic policy research pa sebring   as bryk new directions for program evaluation   1993.0 
the evolution of handheld computers : problem framing and network building jp allen   
ka   & lee   c. ( 1990 ) an adaptive data placement scheme for parallel database computer systems proc . pi hua vldb conf   brisbane  
science in ithaca a fleishman wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
poetry 1963 sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1964.0 
towards an information logic cj van rijsbergen proceedings of the 12th annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   1989.0 
dynamic routing strategies for wdm networks j spath computer  
developing facilitators for faculty learning communities kl sandell   k wigley   a kovalchick new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
faculty speak to advising j kelly new directions for teaching and learning   1995.0 
an experiment on sanding task using impedance controlled manipulator with vibrational type tool f nagata   k watanabe   
nafplio : semantic analysis of the character of a historic city j stefanou athens   greece : peloponesian folklore institute publications    
modeling player session times of online games f chang   w feng proc . acm netgames    
cytochromes c : biological aspects gw pettigrew   gr moore  1987.0 
the university of louisville . dc swain new directions for higher education   1988.0 
obstracles to the adoption of mobile agents ( panel ) v roth & hellip ; conference on mobile data management ( mdmâ ?? 04 )   berkeley ( & hellip ;    
ieee appl . supercond m tsindlekht   m colosovsky   d davidov  1996.0 
going beyond the information given : the relation of illusory visual motion to brain activity s zeki   jdg watson   rsj frackowiak proceedings : biological sciences   1993.0 
fifteen years of raman spectroscopy of engineered heme containing peroxidases : what have we learned ? g smulevich   a feis   bd howes acc chem res   2005.0 
journalism : acquiring something to write about . rl moore new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
polynomial transform computation of the 2-d dct p duhamel   c guillemot   
life on the screen : identity in the age of the internet s turkle  1995.0 
management and organization of an evaluation unit in a state education agency hi peck   se triplett new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 
haas lm   tiwary a.   eds rj bayardo   emlp from databases & hellip ; international conference on management of data   seattle    
nmr determination of the ne-21 quadrupole coupling for neon gas dissolved in liquid crystals ( j jokisaari   o pulkkinen   p diehl   o muenster proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
garza . jf ( 1989 )   â ?? composite object revisitâ ?? e bertino   w kim proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of  
floorplan representations : complexity and connections b yao   h chen   ck cheng   r graham acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems   2003.0 
performance prediction of parallel processing systems : the pamela methodology ajc van gemund   
on cdte cell operation   â ?? ao pudov   m gloeckler   sh demtsu   jr sites   kl proc . of 29th ieee pvsc   may . 20-24   2002   new orleans    
practical skew handling in parallel joins dj dewitt   jf naughton   da schneider   s seshadri proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1992.0 
automation in information extraction and data integration s sarawagi vldb    
a framework for effective retrieval ct yu   w meng   s park acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 
system-level power optimization : techniques and tools l benini   g de micheli acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems   2000.0 
the dos projectâ ?? s â ?? trinooâ ?? distributed denial of service attack tool d dittrich & hellip ; of washington . seattle   washington   usa . [ online ] . available & hellip ;   1999.0 
gm and merialdo   p. 1997 . to weave the web p atzeni 23rd international conference on very large databases ( vldb  
andravikrishnamurthy . towards an open architecture for ldl rg danettechimenti proc . 15th international conference on very large data  
optical proteinchip as microarrays for protein interaction determination g jin   h wang   yh meng   pq ying   lh xia   
creating networks through interinstitutional faculty collaboration sr marino new directions for higher education   2002.0 
gaby alan r : nutrltional therapy for the 1990â ?? s   und gaby alan r und wright   jonathan v : jv wright   
school counselors perceptions of current violence intervention/prevention programs a dalhoe  1999.0 
mr and meduri   v. ( 1996 ) . performance modeling using pdl r vemuri ieee  
design and implementation of spatiotemporal database query processing system dh kim   kh ryu   ch park journal of systems and software   2002.0 
supporting multiple access control policies in database systems e bertino   s jajodia   p samarati   
users manual for the alewife 1000 controller â ??   alewife systems memo # 19 j kubiatowicz  1991.0 
immune responses to prrs virus [ a ] t molitor proceedings of the 1993 allen d. leman swine conference    
chinese drugs of plant origin w tang springer  
toward a model of venture capital investment decision making   rd hisrich   
growth implosions and debt explosions : do growth slowdowns cause public debt crises ? wr easterly   
screening for breast cancer with mammography o olsen   pc gotzsche cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
a survey of schema versioning issues for database systems jf roddick   
the faculty supervisor . tr baines new directions for higher education   1974.0 
technology 's contribution to higher education productivity wf massy   ak wilger new directions for higher education   1998.0 
antiphase boundary energies in iron-aluminium alloys rc crawford   ilf ray phil . mag    
an overview of the versioning problem w kent   
differential files : their application to the maintenance of large databases dg severance   gm lohman acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
surgical management of pelvic organ prolapse in women c maher   k baessler   cma glazener   e adams   s cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
amord explicit control of reasoning j de kleer   j doyle   gl steele jr   gj sussman acm sigart bulletin   1977.0 
on the exact security of full domain hash js coron lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
omt distinguished scholar lecture m tushman academy of management annual meeting   seattle   washington    
web search sites : lycos safetynet b falkinburg pc magazine online    
automatic annotation of data extracted from large web sites l arlotta   v crescenzi   g mecca   p merialdo   
integrating biological research through web services ht gao   jh hayes   h cai   
multidatabase interoperability in the jupiter system j murphy   j grimson information and software technology   1995.0 
topics in decision-theoretic troubleshooting : repair and experiment js breese   d heckerman   
the need for asynchronous distributed transactions l do   p ram   p drew proceedings of acm sigmod conference   philadelphia    
effect of temperature on the extraction of uranium ( vi ) from nitric acid by tri-n-butylphosphate sv bagawde   prv rao   vv ramakrishna   sk patil barc-952   bhabha atomic research centre   bombay   india    
the determinants of executive compensation in family-controlled public corporations lr gomez-mejia   m larraza-kintana   m makri academy of management journal   2003.0 
die entwicklung und anwendung von rechenverfahren und rechenprogrammen zur strukturanalyse von w steigemann technical university   mdnchen   frg    
effects of cultural conditions on the accumulation and release of phosphate by acinetobacter strain jw van groenestijn   mh deinema proceedings of the international conference on management & hellip ;    
m.   l. : â ?? birch : an efficient data clustering method for very large databasesâ ?? t zhang   r ramakrishnan proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data ( sigmodâ ??  
papers no. 691 and 694 submitted to this conference b aubertâ ? ¦   
challenges for copyright in a digital age id bramhill   mrc sims bt technology journal   1997.0 
software components and reuse-getting more out of your code pav hall information and software technology   1987.0 
the relationship between environmental commitment and managerial perceptions of stakeholder i henriques   p sadorsky the academy of management journal   1999.0 
a-6020 innsbruck m spetea   
document classification on neural networks using only positive examples ( poster session ) lm manevitz   m yousef proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 
repacking on demand for speed-sensitive channel assignment hm tsai   ac pang   yc lin   yb lin   hm tsai   ac pang computer networks   2005.0 
k   s. schlosser   competitive transport of mineral acids in pertraction and extraction of organic l kubiå ¡ ov   j mart proc . 28th int . conf . sschi   full texts on cd  
dental filling materials ( posterior composites ) based on inorganic/organic copolymers ( ormocers ) h wolter   w storch   h ott proc int symp macromolecules    
hash functions based on block ciphers : a synthetic approach b preneel   r govaerts   j vandewalle lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
trees   '' a vittal   m marek-sadowska   mdidu alphabetic proc . acm/ieee design automation conf    
neotraditional developments : the anatomy of a new urban form ej mccann urban geography   1995.0 
on the advantages of approximate vs. complete verification : bigger models   faster   less memory   m heimdahl   j gao   d owen   t menzies   
gathering data for the improvement of teaching : what do i need and how do i get it ? . kg lewis new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
when does it make sense to linearly combine relevance scores ? poster in c vogt proceedings of acm  
the collaborative desktopâ ?? collaboration and information building k tollmar   m marmolin   y sundblad  1994.0 
distributed expertise : remote reference service on a metropolitan area network e davenport electronic library   1997.0 
aggregates in possibilistic databases ea rundensteiner   
awlp : building a custom wireless access point using open source software a ã?akircali  2005.0 
coupon replication systems l massoulie   m vojnovic   
storage technology takes central state g lawton ieee computer    
status of the spallation neutron source n holtkamp procs . of this conference    
advancing faculty learning through interdisciplinary collaboration eg creamer   lr lattuca new directions for teaching and learning . san francisco   ca :  
parallel blackboard system . k decker   a garvey   m humphrey   v lesser university of massachusetts technical report    
toward culturally sensitive theories of culture change al wilkins   wg dyer jr the academy of management review   1988.0 
astron . & astroph . 409 ( 2003 ) 799 lg sveshnikova proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf.   tsukuba    
incognito : efficient fulldomain k-anonymity k lefevre   d dewitt   r ramakrishnan proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
gender differences in testing for syphilis in emergency department patients diagnosed with sexually m garfinkel   h blumstein journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
bench testing of a sock-type catch basin insert for removal of free petroleum r hrachovec   g minton plantcpr   seattle   washington    
interventions for preventing and treating pelvic and back pain in pregnancy g young   d jewell cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
an effective algorithm for mining of association rules js parkâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
living with floods : victims ' perceptions in beijiang   guangdong   china kk wong   x zhao area   2001.0 
a comparison of search term weighting : term relevance vs. inverse document frequency h wu   g salton acm sigir forum   1981.0 
thin is back sb howard pc  
er modeler : a database modeling toolkit for eclipse s zhou   c xu   h wu   j zhang   y lin   j wang   j gray   
sabre flies to open systems gh anthes computerworld    
case study of electronic banking at meridian bancorp rd banker   rj kauffman   
new york   ny : acm ; 1991 . 93-112 il chicago   
new results on the computability and complexity of points-to-analysis vt chakaravarthy   
multiple query processing in deductive databases using query graphs us chakravarthy vldb   1986.0 
the nearest neighbor problem in information retrieval : an algorithm using upperbounds af smeaton   cj van rijsbergen acm sigir forum   1981.0 
partial covers of graphs j fiala   j kratochvãl discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2002.0 
homology and residues for foliations mt benameur   v nistor submitted for  
results of crystal analysis l vegard phil . mag    
why erp projects cause panic attacks m betts computerworld    
recent developments in estimating polychlorinated biphenyl ( pcb ) losses from confined disposal te myers   ja miller   fl snitz water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
differential les : their application to the maintenance of large databases dg severance   gm lohman acm transactions on database systems    
a notation for spatiotemporal queries vj tsotras   cs jensen   rt snodgrass acm sigmod record   1998.0 
rowohlt verlag   1990 mfh hamm   
results of lawyersâ ?? work and family study of alternative schedules at law firms in the district of l chavez unpublished  
concepts and experiments in computational reflexion p maes proceedings of acm oopsla    
updating relational databases through weak instance interfaces p atzeni   r torlone acm transactions on database systems   1992.0 
faculty development yesterday   today   and tomorrow . jg gaff   do justice new directions for higher education   1978.0 
the academy   online classes   and the breach in ethics bw speck new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0 
towards situational methods for information systems development : engineering reusable method chunks j ralyte procs . 13th int . conf . on information systems development . & hellip ;    
realistic landscape rendering using remote sensing images   digital terrain models and 3d objects kc graf  1995.0 
videoconferecing standarts target desktop applications c ajluni electronic design    
the role of the chairperson in support of junior faculty . dw wheeler new directions for teaching and learning   1992.0 
the development and control of respiratory pathways in slices of plant storage organs gg laties see ref    
the processing ` of information and structure . erlbaum   potomac wr garner md    
jennifer widom . incremental computation and maintenance of temporal aggregates y jun 17th international conference on data engineering    
dynamic modeling and bilinear control strategies for distillation columns a benallou  1982.0 
â ?? why systolic architeclures ? ht kung ieee computer    
suitability of data models as canonical models for federated databases f saltor   m castellanos sigmod record   1991.0 
audio content analysis in video structure analysis h jiang   hj zhang technical report   microsoft research    
to weave the web p atzeni   g mecca   p merialdo vldb   1997.0 
extraction of focal lengths from the fundamental matrix r hartley unpublished manuscript   1993.0 
the effect of administered crystalloid fluid temperature on aural temperature of moderately and lm bernardo   r henker   m bore   s sereika journal of emergency nursing   1997.0 
cathexis reader j schiffâ ? ¦ new york    
a new   robust   parallel hash join method for data skew in the super database computer '' m kitsuregawa   y ogawa int . conf on vldb   brisbane    
introduction to infrared and raman spectroscopy   academic nb colthup   lh daly   se wiberley san  
full text pdf format pdf ( 35 kb ) source the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large p apers   s ceri   r snodgrass the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2002.0 
alloy : a leightweight object modelling notation . 2000 d jackson mit laboratory for computer science : cambridge    
asynchronous sequential switching circuits s unger   
a reconsideration of baintonâ ?? s approach.â ?? h warâ ?? appeals   w christianity  1991.0 
ionensensitive feldeffekttransistoren als messwandler in chemischen analysensystemen auf p woias  1994.0 
an effective hash-based algorithm for mining association rules . in : proc . of the 1995 acm sigmod js park  1995.0 
assessing faculty learning communities h hubball   a clarke   al beach new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
causation and effectuation : toward a theoretical shift from economic inevitability to sd sarasvathy academy of management review   2001.0 
fãschlã ¡ r @ trecvid2003 : system description c gurrin   h lee   af smeaton proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
semiprime skew polynomial rings a moussavi   e hashemi   
information storage and retrieval using avl trees cc foster proc . acm 20th nat . conf    
animating human athletics j hodgkins   wl wooten   dc brogan   jf oâ ?? brien proc . acm  
field experiments in charitable contribution : the impact of social influence on the voluntary j shang   r croson unpublished manuscript   2005.0 
parallel programming models and boundary integral equation methods for microstructure electrostatics f traenkle  1993.0 
hints ontest dataselection : help forthe practicing programmer ra demillo   rj lipton   fg sayward ieee computer    
the microbial genetic algorithm i harvey unpublished manuscript   1996.0 
flexible open caching for the web sj caughey   db ingham   mc little www6 / computer networks   1997.0 
a unifying criterion for blind source separation and decorrelation : simultaneous diagonalization of hc wu   jc principe proceedings of nnsp &#39; 97   1997.0 
cck 4-induced panic and the differences between panickers and non-panickers : psychological i jerabek   jp boulenger   j bradwejn   yj lavalleã?e  1997.0 
management misinformation systems rl ackoff management science   1967.0 
on parallel execution of multiple pipelined hash joins ms chen   h hsiao   ps yu proc . of acm sigmod  
psychotherapeutic change : an alternative approach to meaning and measurement ar mahrer  1985.0 
free radical chem.   1 ( 1965 ) 1 ; c. walling a trotman-dickenson acc . chem . res    
issues in the design and specification of class libraries g kiczales   j lamping proceedings of oopsla   1992.0 
architecture of an open object-oriented database management system dl wells   ja blakeley   cw thompson   
topological analysis of online auction markets jk ho electronic markets   2004.0 
accuracy assessment of remote sensing derived change detection   asprs monograph series   american s khorram   gs biging   nr chrisman   dr colby   rg md    
anomalous behavior of cosmic ray anisotropy in the last minimum of the solar activity av belov   ea eroshenko   va oleneva   vg yanke proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf   1999.0 
special dell-ivery . â ?? j maglitta electronic business    
exit   voice   loyalty   and neglect : responses to dissatisfaction in romantic involvements ce rusbult   im zembrodt   lk gunn journal of personality and social psychology    
better boundsfor online scheduling s albers proc . 29th acm stoc  
electron density models for assessment studiesâ ?? new developments r leitinger   s radicella   b nava proceedings of the cost271 workshop   sopron   hungary   25-29  
ram mohan   m. and sarma ds v balaram   pv sunder raju   sl ramesh   kv anjaiah   at . spectrosc    
adaptive set intersections   unions   and differences ed demaine   a lopez-ortiz   ji munro   
â ?? noncohesive embankment failure due to overtopping flow . dp andrews   se coleman   mg webby   bw melville   
early estimation of software size in object-oriented environments a case study in a cmm level 3 m ronchetti   g succi submitted for publication   1999.0 
e.   and bennett   j. e dj ingram phil . mag    
a theory of correct locking protocols for database systems ds fussell   zm kedem vldb   1981.0 
technology in support of faculty learning communities n vaughan new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
the evolution of proteinase substrates with special reference to dipeptidylpeptidase iv re smith   cj reynolds   ea elder the histochemical journal   1992.0 
perinatal loss : assisting parents to cope mh hutti journal of emergency nursing   1988.0 
social reference points and accessibility of trait-related information in self-other similarity jj karylowski journal of personality and social psychology    
fiction chronicle re kuehn wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
should computer scientists experiment more ? 16 excuses to avoid experimentation wf tichy ieee computer   1998.0 
object and rle management m the exodus extensible database system cmj carey   dj dewltt   je i & ha & on   ej shelata proceedmgs of 1986 vldb conference    
social studies online resources . media corner . j wilsonâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
a case for learner-centered teaching and learning bj daley new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
tohoku math wm ni   i takagi   e yanagida j.   to  
a prospective blinded study on emergency pain assessment and therapy j ducharme   c barber journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
thermal diffusion and chemical kinetics in laminar biomaterial due to heating by a mark-iii free - ms hutson   sa hauger   g edwards   
personal communication n sandburg biological consultant   santa barbara   california    
existence results for superlinear semipositone boundary value problems v anuradha   dd hai   r shivaji proc . ams    
electric shock   part ii : nature and mechanisms of injury r fish journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
combatting and equalizing the effects of pmd in 40 gb/s systems and beyond r noã ©   
andd . schneider . anevaluationofnon-equijoinalgorithms d dewitt   j naughton proc . int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )    
vizard -- an innovative tool for video navigation   retrieval and editing h rehatschek   g kienast proceedings of the 23rd workshop of pva &#39; multimedia and  
efficient transient simulation oflossyinterconnect js roychowdhury   do pederson proc . 28th acmieee design automation conf.   june    
causality filters : a tool for the online visualization and steering of parallel and distributed e kraemer   
part-time faculty : why should we care ? mm nutting new directions for higher education   2003.0 
using assessment as a basis for the articulation of transfer students . jl ratcliff new directions for higher education   1992.0 
harold monro cn pondrom wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
refactoring for generalization using type constraints f tip   a kiezun   d baumer   
special section on electronic commerce a dogac acm sigmod record    
the scholarship of teaching and its implementation in faculty development and graduate education c kreber new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
time constrained allocation and assignment techniques for high throughput signal processing w geurts   f catthoor   h de man   l imec design automation conference   1992 . proceedings.   29th acm / & hellip ;   1992.0 
a ( 1994 ) : automated grading assistance for student programs ( panel presentation ) dg kay   pc isaacson   ta scott   k reek proceedings of the 25 thsigcse technical  
multilingual web sites promise big payoffs . a hickman   c levin pc magazine online    
birdweb and birds of washington maps k cassidy seattle audubon society   seattle   washington . online version & hellip ;    
biogas production   heat recovery and simultaneous anaerobic treatment of brewery wastewater . m eeckhaut   k putteman   p pipyn   j toye & hellip ; of research and demonstration projects . elsevier applied & hellip ;   1987.0 
the north american breeding bird survey results and analysis . version 96.3 patuxent wildlife jr sauer   je hines   
on-line service adaptation for mobile and fixed terminal devices   proc . of the 2nd int j korva   j plomp   p mã $ ã $ ttã $   m metso conf . on mobile data management ( mdm 2001 )   hong kong    
institutional improvement and motivated faculty : a case study dw farmer new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
open stope cavity monitoring for the control of dilution and ore loss ap jarosz   l shepherd   
interactive error repair for an online handwriting interface [ a ] h wolfgang   j yang proceedings of acm  
temporal databases rt snodgrass   
knowledge sharing over p2p knowledge networks : a peer ontology and semantic overlay driven approach ssr abidi   x pang   
withdrawal fees any partial withdrawal fees or surrender charges must be set forth on the s charges   
building opportunities   enforcing obligations . implementation and interim impacts of parents ' fair fc doolittle  1998.0 
collective self-esteem and ingroup bias j crocker   r luhtanen journal of personality and social psychology    
comparing the performance of distributed hash tables under churn j li   j stribling   tm gil   r morris   f kaashoek   
the csne ' ! ` name mrver . m solomon   l landweber   d neuhengen computer networks    
the pc magazine guide to voice and data integration m dubash   r goodwins   a stevens pc magazine   november    
collaborative intelligence-agents over the internet b porter   s rangaswamy   s shalabi undergraduate final year project   mit laboratory of computer  
congestion control and avoidance v jacobson proc . acm sigcomm    
source acm sigmod record archive c zaniolo acm sigmod record   1986.0 
recursive definitions of partial functions and their computations jm cadiou   z manna proceedings of acm conference on proving assertions about & hellip ;   1972.0 
microsoft blows smoke   just like the old ibm gn ray computerworld    
the complete desktop studio s oppenheimer   d miller   d rubin   g robair   j electronic musician    
teaching in the information age : a new look mj albright new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
algebraic versus probabilstic independence in data bases f bancilhon   n spyratos proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
special topic section on peer to peer data management k aberer acm sigmod record    
going electronic ? receipt of print journal issues and their electronic availability s shaffer   ss berteaux   b oswald   
misconceptions about real-time computing ja stankovic ieee computer    
dos ( 2001b ) â ?? dynamic systems specification using versions and timeâ ?? mm moro   sm saggiorato   n edelweiss   cs santos procs . of intl. database engineering and applications symposium -  
attitude accessibility as a moderator of the attitude-perception and attitude-behavior relations : an rh fazio   cj williams journal of personality and social psychology   1986.0 
on shoring up persistent applications m zwillingâ ? ¦ proc . of acm sigmod    
efficient management of multiversion documents by object referencing sy chien   vj tsotras   c zaniolo proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
the valuation of corporate r & d expenditures : evidence from investment opportunities and free cash sh szewczyk   gp tsetsekos   z zantout financial management   1996.0 
a model for temporal probabilistic reasoning gf cooper   ej horvitz   de heckerman technical report ksl-88-30   stanford university   section on  
normal subgroup reconstruction and quantum computation using group representations s hallgren   a russell   a ta-shma   
materialized view selection for multidimensional database a shukla   p deshpande proceedings of 24 international conference on very large & hellip ;    
online aggregation m raitner   
beyond neopositivists   romantics   and localists : a reflexive approach to interviews in m alvesson academy of management review   2003.0 
electron microscopic studies on the thyroid gland of domestic fowl   with special reference to the h fujita cell and tissue research   1963.0 
persistent linda : linda + transactions + query processing b anderson   d shasha lecture notes in computer science   1992.0 
a photographic memory for the digital age l grunin pc magazine-american edition -   1994.0 
mugec : automatic music genre classification h deshpande   u nam   r singh technical report   stanford university   june  
three-dimensional ct images of shock waves and vortices discharged from open ends h honma   t yoshimura   t kaneta   t morioka   k maeno proceedings of the 23rd issw   fort  
modelling access policies using roles in requirements engineering   to appear in r crook   d ince   b nuseibeh information and software  
kernel method for percentile feature extraction b scholkopf   j platt   aj smola   
using formal methods to reason about semantics-based decompositions of transactions p ammann   s jajodia   i ray proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
social-cognitive conceptualization of attachment working models : availability and accessibility mw baldwin   jpr keelan   b fehr   v enns   e koh - journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
auld leaky : a contextual open hypermedia link server dt michaelides   de millard   mj weal   d deroure lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
one-stop automation ? a few leading vendors are emerging for semiconductor fab automation   as the r arensman electronic business   2002.0 
modulation of galactic cosmic rays and changes in the solar magnetic field g wibberenz   hv cane   ig richardson   tt von proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf    
special section on software testing r hamlet comm . acm   1988.0 
the efficiency and timing of initiation of replication of multiple replicons of saccharomyces m yamashita   y hori   t shinomiya   c obuse   t genes to cells   1997.0 
the need for distributed asynchronous transactions l do   p ram   p drew   
parse selection on the redwoods corpus : 3rd growth results k toutanova   cd manning   s oepen   d flickinger  2003.0 
dynamic configuration of resource-aware services v polandianâ ? ¦ proc . 26th int . conf . on software engineering ( icseâ ?? 04 )   & hellip ;    
toward a new era of leadership : the national identification program . d shavlik   j touchton new directions for higher education   1983.0 
wavesurfer-an open source speech tool k sjã ¶ lander   j beskow   
influence of storage temperature and coating on the keeping quality of â ?? fortuneâ ?? mandarins jm martinez-javega   c saucedo   ma del rio   m proc . int . soc . citriculture    
undergraduate research at two-year colleges ja perez new directions for teaching and learning   2003.0 
open source buildingâ ?? reinventing places of living k larson   s intille   tj mcleish   j beaudin   re bt technology journal   2004.0 
the niue literacy experiment p death international journal of educational research   2001.0 
self organization t kohonen  1995.0 
role of consciousness and accessibility of death-related thoughts in mortality salience effects j greenberg   t pyszczynski   s solomon   l simonâ ? ¦ journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
running the visa gauntlet aj sementelli new directions for higher education   2002.0 
high dielectric constant microwave probes for sensing soil moisture jr birchak   cg gardner   je hipp   jm victor proc . ieee    
newsday   29 august 1990 ; 3 january 1991 k royce   
nerc equipment for field spectroscopy : preparing for the 21st century.â ?? in : griffiths   g. and ej milton   dr emery   ch kerr proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the remote & hellip ;    
enforcing safety properties using type specialization p thiemann lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
special section on information visualization t catarci   if cruz acm sigmod record    
xrel : a path-based approach to storage and retrieval of xml documents using relational databases m yoshikawa   t amagasa   t shimura   s uemura acm transactions on internet technology   2001.0 
21 and in california   27   jefferson city 33   cited this source of discrimination i sedalia   
factors affecting chinook populations d weitkamp   g ruggerone report to the city of seattle   seattle   washington    
surgery versus radiotherapy for muscle invasive bladder cancer md shelley   j barber   t wilt   md mason cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
tenure and the moderation of conflict . rd clark new directions for higher education   1974.0 
application studies for concurrent aggregates aa chien technical report   massachusetts institute of technology    
unemployment   well-being and wage curves in eastern europe dg blanchflower   aj oswald unpublished manuscript   2000.0 
flexible support for multiple access control policies s jajodia   p samarati   ml sapino   vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems   2001.0 
yu . a. nikolaev   yu . r. kevorkyan   et al.   â ?? embrittlement of low-alloy structural steel under av nikolaeva at .  
an analysis of several processor partitioning policies for parallel computers   university of s setia   sk tripathi md    
the need for cognition jt cacioppo   re petty journal of personality and social psychology    
on detecting ancient admixture m nordborg see ref   2001.0 
citation linking : improving access to online journals s hitchcock   l carr   j hey   w hall   
macromolecules 2004 y li   ya akpalu   
a process-oriented view of student motivation pr pintrich & hellip ; teaching and learning through research : new directions for & hellip ;    
d.   skolnick   p.   seale   tw & paul r schwartz sm ( 1986 ) demonstration  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?zero skew clock net routing   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in th chao   yc hsu   jm ho proc . acm/ieee design automation conf    
ibuprofen for alzheimerâ ?? s disease n tabet   h feldmand cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
predictors of naturalistic sexual aggression nm malamuth journal of personality and social psychology   1986.0 
workplace learning as a cultural technology n solomon new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
canal irrigation and sociopolitical organization in the lowersaltrivervalley : adiachronicanalysis l nicholas   j neitzel see ref    
iceland internet shopping j wittgreffe   r memmory bt technology journal   2000.0 
faculty motivation : the role of a supportive teaching culture ka feldman   mb paulsen new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
the virtual reference librarian : using desktop videoconferencing for distance reference ra pagell electronic library   1996.0 
gradual handling of contradiction in argumentation frameworks c cayrol   mc lagasquie-schiex intelligent systems for information processing : from & hellip ;    
temporal conditions and integrity constraints in active databases ap sistla   o wolfson proc . of the 1995 sigmod international conference on the  
high-frequency epr of octahedral mn ( ii ) compounds with large zero-field splittings dml goodgame   h el mkami   gm smith   jp zhao   ejl acc . chem . res   1998.0 
modis leaf area index ( lai ) and fraction of photosynthetically active radiation absorbed by y knyazikhin   j glassy   jl privette   y tian   a   
pieges repulsifs cr acad . sci p tarres  1999.0 
diffusion anomaly at a surface reconstruction ( abstract only ) t ala-nissila   wk han   sc ying oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
milestones in the open-source movement l seltzer pc magazine ( march )    
the five color concurrency control protocol : non-two-phase locking in general databases . p dasgupta   zm kedem acm transactions on database systems   1990.0 
special considerations of the individual as a user   generator   and retriever of information dc engelbart acm sigweb newsletter   1992.0 
pid controller performance assessment based on closed-loop response data ap swanda  1999.0 
stratigraphy   tectonics   paleoclimatology and paleogeography of northern basins of brazil mv caputo  1984.0 
analysis of a hailstorm using dual-wavelength data re rinehart conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;   1984.0 
neuro-genetic prediction of software development effort kk shukla information & software technology   2000.0 
analysis of the relationship between workers and employers perceptions of important job skills rk morgan  2000.0 
effects of altered responsibility   cognitive set   and modeling on physical aggression and e diener   j dineen   k endresen   al beaman   sc journal of personality and social psychology   1975.0 
temporal database bibliography update . temporal databases : research and practice y wu   s jajodia   x wang  1998.0 
supporting multiple access control policies in database systems f rabitti   e bertino   w kim   d woelk acm transactions on database systems    
determination of mercury in coal using fi-cvaas and fi-cv-icp-ms m bettinelli   s spezia   s roberti  1999.0 
metrical structure in a tone language : the foot in slave ( athapaskan ) k rice proceedings of the 23rd annual regional meeting of chicago & hellip ;    
tutorial on data fusion in information retrieval pb kantor acm sigir . seattle washington    
holoprosencephaly with dandy-walker cyst diagnosed in utero by mri : report of a case t takagi   n hashimoto   h togari   k suzumori no to hattatsu   1988.0 
a generator of radar rainfall data wf krajewski   kp georgakakos conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
supercompilers for parallel and vector computers h zima   b chapman   
efficient structural joins on indexed xml documents sy chein   z vagena   d zhang   vj tsotras   c zanilo  2002.0 
design metrics for database systems rhm gray   bn carey   na mcglynn   ad pengelly bt technology journal    
international reference ionosphere 1990   rep. nssdc 90-22   natl. space sci . data cent.   greenbelt d bilitza md    
consortium purchasing je bishop new directions for higher education   2002.0 
energy star pcs   power to the pc b nadel pc magazine    
embedded application design using a real-time os   dacâ ?? 99â ?? design automation conference   new d stepner   n rajan   d hui proceedings   acm press    
inside microsoft windows 2000   3âª edi da solomon   me russinovich  2000.0 
multiplier verification using bdds jr burch proc . 28th design automation conf    
nabokov 's dialectical structure ct williams wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
care and maintenance of salt brines b wendorff   m johnson   
dietary cation-anion difference : preventing milk fever dk beede feed management    
sensing of dna non-homology lowers the initiation of meiotic recombination in yeast v rocco   a nicolas genes to cells   1996.0 
rizatriptan for acute migraine ( cochrane review ) ad oldman   la smith   hj mcquay   ra moore cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
reflections on effective application of information technology in organisations from the perspective r benjamin   m scott-morton & hellip ; computers and intelligent systems : information processing   1992.0 
nimda forces network shutdowns r field computerworld    
the interface chemistry between chalcogenide clusters and open framework chalcogenides . p feng   x bu   n zheng acc . chem . res   2005.0 
ketorolac versus acetaminophen-codeine in the emergency department treatment of acute low back pain - gd innes   p croskerry   j worthington   r beveridge   journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
performance evaluation of an event-driven simulation machine f hirose proc . of 29th design automation conference    
developmental differences in acute nigrostriatal and mesocorticolimbic system response to mh teicher   ni barber   ha gelbard   al gallitano neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
an evaluation of the training and development of adult students at the ntc wausau   wisconsin m gosz  2002.0 
scalable data naming for application level framing in reliable multicast s raman   s mccanne   
local tools : an alternative bb bederson   jd hollan   a druin   j stewart   d proc . acm uist    
when project information flow becomes turbulent : toward an organizational reynolds number m fyall  2002.0 
overcoming the liability of foreignness s zaheer the academy of management journal   1995.0 
the humphrey institute : designing institutions of governance je brandl   ge schuh new directions for higher education   2000.0 
full text pdf format pdf ( 7 kb ) source acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) archive p kolaitis   mj franklin acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   2004.0 
criticism   1964 r ohmann wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
defining and explaining tropical deforestation : shifting cultivation and population growth in l jarosz economic geography   1993.0 
two-scale difference equation : local and global linear independence q sun unpublished manuscript   1991.0 
vacuum extraction versus forceps for assisted vaginal delivery rb johanson   bk menon cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
dolphin : integrated meeting support across liveboards   local and remote desktop environments na streitz   j geiã?ler   jm haake   j hol proceedings of the acm   1994.0 
components of the online classroom zl berge new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0 
measurement programs need vision g ray   
trust and reciprocity : an international experiment n buchan   rta croson   ej johnson unpublished manuscript   2002.0 
verso : a backend relational machine e bancilhon proc . sixth vldb    
the shifting roles of parents and students . js hansen new directions for higher education   1991.0 
janet . animal migration . chicago : childrenâ ?? s press   1989 i mcdonnell   
collected essays   vol 1 g orwell why i write    
optimal service capacity for a single-bus mobility allowance shuttle transit ( mast ) system j zhao   m dessouky submitted for publication   2004.0 
a public corporation bw district san  
others   image-based homing j hong proc . int . conf . robotics and automation    
a practical issue concerrning very large data bases g cohen proceedings of the vldb conference ( dublin   ireland )   august    
why i like working in academia rt snodgrass sigmod record   2002.0 
beginning graduate school : explaining first-year doctoral attrition cm golde new directions for higher education   1998.0 
passage retrieval vs document retrieval for factoid question cla clarke   el terra proc . acm sigir conference    
the entity-association model : towards a unified view of data pp chen acm trans . database systems    
network-aware query processing for stream-based applications y ahmad   u cetintemel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
timers donâ ?? t work well l zhang   tcp why proceedings of acm  
measuring results of health sector reform for system performance : a handbook of indicators . bethesda jc knowles   c leighton   w stinson md    
choosing to be a consultant : this is a living ? . lj zachary new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
on clustering video shots cw ngo   tc pong   hj zhang proc . acm multimedia    
engineering federated information systems report of efis '99 workshop g saake   fs ii   m roantree sigmod record   1999.0 
some adaptations which help to promote gregariousness m moynihan proc . int . ornithol . congr    
computation of multidimensional aggregates pm deshpande   s agarwal   jf naughton   r   
completion of a set of rules modulo a set of equations jp jouannaud   h kirchner proceedings of the 11th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0 
physiological responses to moderate water stress kj bradford   tc hsiao encyclopedia of plant physiology   1982.0 
slicing the value dependence graph md ernst technical report msr-tr-94-22   microsoft research   redmond   wa    
faculty as mentors jm lagowski   jw vick new directions for teaching and learning   1995.0 
naturliche und sexuelle selektion bei der gelben mistfliege   scathophagastercoraria ( l. ) ( diptera : p jann  1997.0 
improving text categorization methods for event detection y yang   t ault   t pierce   c lattimer proc . acm sigir    
asynchronous distance education project g hsieh  1995.0 
cohomologie ã © tale p deligneâ ? ¦  1977.0 
part seven : should adult and continuing education professionals be certified ? . wb james   ba white new directions for adult and continuing education   1992.0 
the design of special purpose chips mj foster   ht kung ieee computer    
single dose paracetamol ( acetaminophen )   with and without codeine   for postoperative pain a moore   s collins   d carroll   h mcquay   j edwards cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
larch prover : online help sj garland   jv guttag mit laboratory for computer  
developing a model for determining coastal marsh '' health ms kearney   as rogers   jrg townshend   wt lawrence   third thematic conference on remote sensing for marine and & hellip ;   1995.0 
a case for redundant arrays of inexpensive disks ( raid )   '' acm sigmod intl da patterson   ga gibson   rh katz conf . on data management    
photo loi : browsing multi-user photo collections r nair   n reid   m davis proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
bucket spreading parallel hash : a new robust   parallel hash join method for data skew in the super mk kg901   y ogawa proc . of 16th vldb conference    
kernel method for percentile feature extraction   technical report msr-tr-2000-22 b scholkopf   jc platt   aj smola  2000.0 
more than just a pretty interface : access   content   and relevance in computer technology . b mitchell-powell social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
emmerce yourself m brandel   a alper   
mining community structure of named entities from free text x li   b liu proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
preparing college faculty jg gaff   as pruitt-logan new directions for higher education   1998.0 
concurrency control in a system for distributed databases bb pa   dw shipman   jb rothnr jr acm tods    
hoeffding inequalities for online aggregation pj haas computing science and statistics    
inside microsoft windows 2000   chapter 12 : file systems da solomon   me russinovich  2000.0 
system desiderata for xml databases a salminen   fw tompa proceedings of the 27th vldb conference   roma   italy 2001.0 
automated model selection based on relevance reasoning a levy   y iwasaki   r fikes  1995.0 
a performance evaluation of pointerbased joins es sc901   mj carey proc . of the acm sigmod intl. ccmf :    
the energy release in the reaction li $ sup 7 $ ( d   p ) li $ sup 8 $ eb paul phil . mag   1950.0 
self-assessment : essential skills for adult learners . do justice   c marienau new directions for teaching and learning   1988.0 
toward systems ecology ap sage ieee computer   1998.0 
psychological conditions of personal engagement and disengagement at work wa kahn the academy of management journal   1990.0 
the charmed circle : von thã 1/4 nen and agriculture around nineteenth century london pj atkins geography    
questioning thrombolytic use for cerebrovascular accidents j li journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
pc docs open : the next step j karney pc magazine   1993.0 
effect of aluminum sulfate additions to poultry litter on phosphorus runoff pa moore jr   tc daniel   dr edwards   br shreve   tj demonstration of nutrient management for poultry litter & hellip ;    
signed-digit number representations for fast parallel arithmetic   âº ire trans a avizienis electronic computers    
airport wlans lack safeguards b brewin   d verton computerworld    
streaming raid : a disk storage for video and audio files f tobagi   j pang   r baird   m gang proc . of acm multimedia   anaheim    
cautious controller tuning rr bitmead   bdo anderson   m gevers   lc kammer submitted for publication    
m.   f. and luckman   aj   1999   using sar interferometric phase coherence to detect urban change w grey proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the remote  
incremental computation and maintenance of temporal aggregates y jun   
full text indexing based on lexical relations an application : software libraries ys maarek   fz smadja acm sigir forum   1989.0 
providing views and closure for the object data management group object model m roantree information and software technology   1999.0 
the case for safe ram g copeland   t keller   r krishnamurthy   m smith vldb   1989.0 
application of remote sensing data for distributed hydrological model parameterisation of large j helmschrot   
drug storage temperatures in rescue vehicles wc dubois journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
camus and hemingway r lehan wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1960.0 
a profile of regionally accredited for-profit institutions of higher education k kinser new directions for higher education   2005.0 
radiation conditions for elastic waves s krenk   ph kirkegaard technical university of denmark    
object lifecycles : modeling the world in states m stephen   s sally   
teaching about the former soviet union : activities and resources . g decoker social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
compiler-directed dynamic frequency and voltage scheduling ch hsu   u kremer   m hsiao lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
laser processing and chemistry d bauerle   d bauerle  2000.0 
student-faculty collaborations   undergraduate research   and collaboration as an administrative model rl dotterer new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
requirements of i/o systems for parallel machines : an application-driven study   university of m uysal   a acharya   j saltz md    
temporal databases - status and research directions rt snodgrass sigmod record   1990.0 
the 1992 farrington lecture : drumlin bedforms and related ice-marginal depositional systems in am mccabe irish geography    
voice over ip is hereâ ??   internet trends h this pc magazine online   january    
towards e ective and e cient free space management ml mcauliffe   mj carey   mh solomon proc . of the acm sigmod   seiten    
c lustering d atabase o bjects for s emantic i ntegration of h eterogeneous d atabases h zhao   s ram   
beyond bits : the future of quantum processing r steane ieee computer    
developing a statewide faculty learning community program s hansen   a kalish   we hall   cm gynn   ml holly   d new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
gender perceptions of preservice early childhood mt hendricks  2000.0 
a clustering algorithm for hierarchical structures m schkolnick acm trans . database syst   1977.0 
incremental processing in japanese sentence processing : evidence from event-related brain potentials h oishi   t sakamoto unpublished  
asian pacific americans in higher education : faculty and administrative representation and tenure dt nakanishi new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
childhood submersion injuries dh beyda journal of emergency nursing   1998.0 
multidisciplinary biopsychosocial rehabilitation for subacute low back pain among working age adults k karjalainen   a malmivaara   m van tulder   r roine cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
modulation theory   part i hl van trees   e detection part i    
an evaluation of buer management strategies   '' ht chou   dj dewitt proceedings of the 11th vldb  
object and study method of fluviology l chengkun geography    
database conference calendar kg jeffrey acm sigmod record   1993.0 
extensible database management systems mj carey   lm haas sigmod record   1990.0 
programming by demonstration in the desktop metaphor d halbert watch what i do : programming by  
a national-scale authentication infrastructure r butler   
first online data privacy law looms in california j vijayan computerworld    
alternative approaches to the employee-organization relationship : does investment in employees pay as tsui   jl pearce   lw porter   am tripoli the academy of management journal   1997.0 
closed caption   open source e blankinship   b smith   h holtzman   w bender bt technology journal   2004.0 
going up ? do traits and informal social processes predict advancing in management ? p tharenou academy of management journal   2001.0 
on parallel execution of multiple pipelined hash joins hi hsiao   ms chen   ps yu sigmod conference   1994.0 
role of pyruvate in oxidative stress-induced effects on human sperm energy metabolism sc sikka   ss shah   a baratta   wjg hellstrom & hellip ; international congress of andrology   montreal   canada   june    
profiling an open source project ecology and its programmers s koch electronic markets   2004.0 
ripple joins for online aggregation pj haas   jm hellerstein   
interim report r youth seattle   washington state institute for public  
incorporating quality metrics in centralized & slash ; distributed information retrieval on the world x zhu   s gauch proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir  
the expressionism of georg heym : a note and two translations w vordtriede wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 
digital analysis of remote sensing data for monitoring the ecological status of the mangrove forests mu chaudhury proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on remote & hellip ;    
flow injection analysis . principles   techniques and applications w frenzel  1993.0 
explaining the gender difference in depressive symptoms s nolen-hoeksema   j larson   c grayson journal of personality and social psychology   1999.0 
rage in the workplace m solomon computerworld    
a studey of three alternative workstation-server architectures for object-oriented databases d dewitt   p futtersak   d maier   f velez proc . vldb conf    
worklist management strategies a kanamori   d weise   
politics of strategic decision making in high-velocity environments : toward a midrange theory km eisenhardt   ljb iii the academy of management journal   1988.0 
social differentiation in leisure activity choices : an unfinished experiment s ferge see szalai    
aircraft instrumentation part ii fj abbink technical university of delft   november    
an integrated approach to communications switching dj mcauliffe proc . int &#39; l comm . conf    
personalizaã § ã # o da internet r torres   
the fundamentals of h. 324 desktop videoconferencing m herman electronic design    
research and practice in federated information systems : report of the efisâ ?? 2000 international w hasselbring   wj van den heuvel   gj houben   rd sigmod record    
roadrunner : towards automatic data extraction from large web sites g mecca   v crescenzi   p merialdo proceedings of the 27th very large databases conference   & hellip ;    
special section : controlled experiments in software engineering c wohlin   m hoest information & software technology   2001.0 
tape tracking and handling for magnetic tape recorders ( aboard spacecraft ) w paroby   r disilvestre & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1975.0 
management of blood transfusion services   1990 sf hollã ¡ n   w wagstaff   j leikola   f lothe   
efficient reduced-order modeling of frequency-dependent coupling inductances associated with 3-d lm silveira   m kamon   j white proc . ieee/acm design automation conference    
evolution of groupware for business applications : a database perspective on lotus domino/notes c mohan   r barber   s watts   a somani   m proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
birmingham-southern college . nr berte   k shackleford new directions for higher education   1986.0 
antibiotics for preventing infection in open limb fractures r gosselin   i roberts   w gillespie cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
parallel querying with non-dedicated computers v raman   w han   i narang proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
revising the institutional mission ca dominick new directions for higher education   1990.0 
a free form snake-based algorithm for lane detection zk lu   ek teoh procs mva-2000   nov    
moving beyond the racial ravine ae alter   m severin computerworld    
pharmacokinetics of dr-3355   a new quinolone   in healthy volunteers m nakashima   t uematsu   m kanamaru   o okazaki   s proc 28th icaac    
immobilization of high level wastes in stable mineral-like materials under the conditions of self - em glagovskii   av kuprin   ln pelevinâ ? ¦ at .  
presheaf models of constructive set theories n gambino submitted for publication   2004.0 
institution-sponsored internships . ak ard new directions for higher education   1994.0 
a presidentâ ?? s view of the 1990â ?? s k mortimer   s edwards new directions for higher education   1990.0 
handling student grievances in higher education . j shubert   j folger new directions for higher education   1980.0 
advanced windows r jeffrey  1994.0 
muscle relaxants for non-specific low back pain mw van tulder   t touray   ad furlan   s solway   lm cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
implementing set-oriented production rules as an extension to starburst . 1991 . in proc . 17th intl j widom   rj cochrane   bg lindsay conference on very large  
the method of structured programming applied to the development of a compiler u ammann proc . acm int . comp . sym . davos    
multiresolution signal processing for meshes i guskov   w sweldens   p schroder   
assessing the impact of electronic comerce on business performance : a simulation experiment gm giaglis   rj paul   gi doukidis   
delayed toxidromes1 gm bosse   nj matyunas journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
variance based classifier comparison in text catergorization ( poster session ) a takasu   k aihara proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 
the perceptions of taiwanese hospitality and tourism educators toward developing a gaming recreation wc chang  2000.0 
development of resources for functional genomics in the pig : production of 14 cdna libraries and ck tuggle   j green   cj fitzsimmons   r woods   r san diego    
arylation reactions : the photo-s ( n ) 1 path via phenyl cation as an alternative to metal catalysis . m fagnoni   a albini acc . chem . res   2005.0 
infrared and raman spectra of inorganic and coordination compounds 3rd ed k nakamoto  1978.0 
new development in on - / in-line systems using infrared and raman spectroscopy l rudzik   e wã 1/4 st proceedings of the â ?? 25 thinternational dairy congressâ ??   & hellip ;    
computation of global estimation variance in mineral deposits jk yamamoto proc . 29th intern . symp . computer applications in the & hellip ;    
an enhanced representation of time series which allows fast classification   clustering and relevance e keogh   p smyth procs . of the 3rd conference on knowledge discovery in & hellip ;    
hawaii open ocean aquaculture demonstration program ce helsley & hellip ; of aquaculture species   proc . 28th us-japan natural  
online collection of midterm student feedback cd bullock new directions for teaching and learning   2003.0 
occam : an asynchronous hardware description language?â ?? g theodoropoulos   
personality   life events   and subjective well-being : toward a dynamic equilibrium model b headey   a wearing journal of personality and social psychology    
suitability of data models as canonical models for federated dbs f saltor   m castellanos acm sigmod record    
the adoption of groupware in organizations : the portuguese case m lousã #   a sarmento   a machado actas do portland international conference on management   & hellip ;    
the report on child prostitution as a form of forced labor : a non-governmental organization l saikaew  1996.0 
carey   and al. shoring up persistent applications sb davidson   as koskym proc . acm sigmod symp . on the management of data    
the influence of age and gender on affect   physiology   and their interrelations : a study of long - rw levenson   ll carstensen   jm gottman journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
automated extraction of music snippets l lu   hj zhang   
agricultural development policies in the african farming areas of zimbabwe lm zinyama geography    
automated discovery of scoped memory regions for real-time java m deters   r cytron   
a new relevance for multimedia when we record everything personal g bell proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
altruism and the decision to vote : explaining and testing high voter turnout . r jankowski unpublished manuscript   2004.0 
systematic synthesis of analogue circuits-part i notation and synthesis toolbox dg haigh   pm radmore procs 2004 ieee  
leadership training . bl kaye   am scheele new directions for higher education   1975.0 
an efficient algorithm for heap storage allocation cb weinstock   wa wulf acm sigplan notices   1988.0 
continuously adaptive continuous queries over streams s madden   ma shah   jm hellerstein   
an empirical study of the effect of knowledge integration on software development projects a tiwana information and software technology    
building xml application in rich detailed genealogical information j lu   m scaramuzza information & software technology   2003.0 
building on rock rather than sand m hogg   sm bouch   mfg smeaton bt technology journal   2001.0 
applications of the backpropagation algorithm to an information retrieval system r layaida   a caron proceedings of the riao â ?? 94 ( rechenche dâ ?? information & hellip ;    
a 2ghz   17 tuning range quadrature cmos vco with high figure-of-merit and 0.6 â ? ¦ phase error p andreani proc . essirc    
pryce   and hall b bleaney   pm llewellyn phil . mag    
risk assessment methodology for network integrity v mã ³ nton bt technology journal   1997.0 
from desktop to data centreâ ?? addressing the oss challenges in the delivery of network-centric ict jp wittgreffe   mp dames bt technology journal   2005.0 
a holocultural analysis of old age a glascock   sl feinman see ref    
structure and orientation of molecules chemisorbed on alumina : a tunneling spectroscopy study jt hall ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1978.0 
why involve commuter students in learning ? b jacoby new directions for higher education   2000.0 
storage and retrieval of xml data using relational databases s chaudhuri   k shim data engineering   2003 . proceedings . 19th international & hellip ;   2003.0 
the implications of online investing p konana   nm menon   s balasubramanian communications-acm   2000.0 
bibliography on database security g pernul   g luef acm sigmod record   1992.0 
strengthening institutional leadership . b munitz new directions for higher education   1978.0 
toil   sweat and the city s pendse bombay : metaphor for modern india    
a computation model with data-sequenced control da adams technical report cgtm 45   stanford university   may  
automatische silhouetten-extraktion aus videosequenzen semesterarbeit ss01 m nef & hellip ; geodaesie und photogrammetrie   ethz   zurich   switzerland ( & hellip ;    
a burden of proof : stereotype relevance and gender differences in math performance rp brown   ra josephs journal of personality and social psychology   1999.0 
high speed parallel multi-chip interconnection using free space optics x zheng   p marchand   d huang   s esener   
binary wrapping : a technique for instrumenting object code j cargille   bp miller acm sigplan notices   1992.0 
multidimensional version for object-oriented databases e sciore proceedings vldb    
the application of program slicing to regression testing d binkley information and software technology   1998.0 
notes on nabokov as a russian writer g struve wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
developments in car door latching systems a attridge   d walton   g kalsi proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2002.0 
institutional resistance to renewal . jw fuller new directions for higher education   1985.0 
an invitation to formal methods : impediments to industrial use of formal methods dl parnas ieee computer    
interventions for treating collagenous colitis n chande   jw mcdonald   jk macdonald cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
midcareer and senior faculty learning communities : learning throughout faculty careers ml blaisdell   md cox new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
results of a beam dump experiment at the cern sps neutrino facility t hansl   m holder   j knobloch   j may   hp paar   p aip conference proceedings   1978.0 
information about the chernobyl accident and the consequences of this accident   prepared for iaea aa abagyan at . energ    
wrapping web information providers by transducer induction . in de raedt   l.   and flach   p.   eds b chidlovskii european conference on machine learning ( ecml 2001 )    
sigmod 1998 lm haas   a tiwary proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
birch : an efficient data clustering method for large databases t zhang   r ramakrishnan   m linvy proc . of 1996 acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of  
relationships in everquest : an ethnographic report ( undergraduate term paper for communication 480 ) no ` brien seattle : university of washington    
dynamic host configuration for managing mobility between private and public networks a miu   p bahl microsoft technical report    
multipurpose controller synthesis in lqg optimal systems bs chen   wj wang & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1988.0 
the porphyrin handbook p hambright  1990.0 
a step beyond a database gh anthes computerworld    
understan ding plant closures : the uk brewing industry hd watts geography    
online dokumentation v basic  1997.0 
pm deshpande   jf naughton   a. shukla   â ?? simultaneous optimization and evaluation of multiple y zhao proc . acm sigmod  
ionosphere effect and modeling for regional area differential gps network y gao   z li proceedings of ion gps   1998.0 
bayan : an arabic text database management system r king   a morfeq proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1990.0 
customer-focused design data in a large   multi-site organization p curtis   t heiserman   d jobusch   m notess   j webb   
bucket spreading parallel hash : a new parallel hash join method with robustness for data skew in m kitsuregawa   y ogawa proceedings of international conference on very large data & hellip ;    
anyone who would like to review resources for r hebden   
applying formal methods to semantic-based decomposition of transactions p ammann   s jajodia   i ray acm transactions on database systems   1997.0 
peripheral participants in mediated communication a monk   l watts   
children should be seen and not heard : the production and transgression of adults ' public space g valentine urban geography   1996.0 
metabolism of the anthroposphere p baccini   ph brunner  1991.0 
personal computers play host to board array processors j molinari   c preston electronic design    
an effective hash algorithm for mining association rules j park   m chen   p yu proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference  
neural networks for fast and efficient classification of multispectral remote sensing data n vassilas   s perantonis   e charou   s varoufakis   & hellip ; conference on informatics   athens   greece . available at : www & hellip ;    
which non-native speaker ? differences between international students and us resident ( language jm reid new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
1023   part ii   question 10a f eg   
the age of adaptive computing is here p master lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
individual differences in environmental spatial cognition m hegarty   dr montello & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa barbara    
performance enhancements for hybrid hash join g graefe submitted for publication   1993.0 
the distributed implementation generator : an overview and user guide   technikal report ncsl/sna 91/3 r sijelmassi   b strausser   
explaining mfipâ ?? s impacts by housing status . c miller unpublished paper . new york : manpower demonstration research & hellip ;    
a note on the viscosity of gases and molecular mean free path ae schuil phil . mag    
mentoring faculty for midcareer issues dw wheeler   bj wheeler new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
theoretical modeling of orificed   hollow cathode discharges a salhi   pj turchi proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion & hellip ;    
key differences beiween http/1 .0 and http/1 .1 b krishmmurthy  1999.0 
the new frontier of technology transfer . ga erickson   dr baldwin new directions for higher education   1988.0 
automatic tuning of optimal pid controllers m zhaung   dp atherton proceedings iee   pt . d    
query containment and rewriting using views for regular path queries under constraints g grahne   a thomo   
the r + - tree : a dynamic index for multi-dimensional objects t settis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos proc . 13 vldb conference   brighton    
wang.   hj ( 1997 ) online aggregation jm hellerstein   pj haas proc . acmâ ?? sigmod conference on management of  
the domino project ad law   ms sloman   jd moffett data management â ?? 90 conference   egham   uk    
activity-based information retrieval m lamming   w newman & hellip ; computers and intelligent systems : information processing &#39; & hellip ;    
mips-x internal and external caches a agarwal   m horowitz technical report   computer systems laboratory   stanford  
use of the timed-token protocol for real-time communications n malcolm   w zhao   
a controlled trial of verapamil in patients after acute myocardial infarction : results of the f rengo   p carbonin   m pahor journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
sean o'casey and others h goldstone wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
prenatal vaccinia p naidoo   h hirsch lancet  
single dose oral celecoxib for postoperative pain j barden   je edwards   hj mcquay   ra moore cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
supporting adaptive remote access to multiresolutional or hierarchical data for large user groups d gotz proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
the case for raid : redundant arrays of inexpensive disks d patterson   g gibson   r katz proc . 1988 acm-sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
comparison of operative versus non-operative treatment of functional lambdoid synostosis m levy   jg mccomb   k wells   w gans   c raffel   g proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the joint section & hellip ;    
toward learning based web query processing d yanlei   l hongjun   c ssongtingâ ? ¦ proceedings of 26th international conference on very large & hellip ;    
migrating relational databases to object technology a behm   
myths beyond tco m gartenberg computerworld    
beyond ethnic enclaves : location strategies of chinese producer service firms in los angeles . y zhou economic geography   1998.0 
practical decisions in developing and operating a faculty evaluation system . r arreola   lm aleamoni new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
visual relevance analysis n pediotakis   m hascoã `` t-zizi proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   1996.0 
effect of thermal processing on the texture of canned peaches j billis  1988.0 
censura forensis m hewett   
impact assessment of ieee 1471 on the open group architecture framework r hilliard   
detecting changes on unordered xml documents using relational databases : a schema-conscious approach e leonardi   ss bhowmick proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
kinetische untersuchungen der dehydrierung von methylcyclohexan zu toluol im mikropulsreaktor   t rimensberger ph. d. thesis no. 8278   eth-zurich   switzerland   1987 .  
emphasis on the relevant : free-form digital ink as a mechanism for relevance feedback g golovchinsky proceedings de acm  
dimensions : why do we need a new data handling architecture for sensor networks ? d ganesan   d estrin   
matchmaking frameworks for distributed resource management r raman  2001.0 
quantifying spatial and temporal variations in the distribution of natural marine hydrocarbon seeps cq derek california . geology . santa barbara   ucsb    
inversion and metacomputation a romanenko acm sigplan notices   1991.0 
a spiral model of software development and maintenance bw boehm ieee computer    
query processing for large-scale xml message brokering y diao  2005.0 
a scalable hash ripple join algorithm g luo   
elio vittorini : between poverty and wealth g cambon wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1962.0 
toweavetheweb pag mecca proceedings of vldb    
parallel programmingwith polaris w blume   r doallo   r eigenmann   j grout   j ieee computer    
the performance of current data structure algorithms t jonhson   d shasha acm transactions on database systems    
studies on storage stability of irradiated white pomfret ( stromateus cinereus ) sv kamat  1970.0 
collaborative learning environments in asynchronous learning networks : building learning communities sr hiltz unpublished manuscript    
variations on a theme : colleague consultant networks . r garth   ma rehnke new directions for higher education   1991.0 
faculty compensation policies . f silander new directions for higher education   1983.0 
studies on a parallel ant system for the bsp model f kruger   d merkle   m middendorf unpublished  
institutional conflict . aw ostar new directions for higher education   1995.0 
asymptotic results for multiplexing subexponential on-o sources pr jelenkovic   aa lazar submitted for  
gjsp   towards sensor database systems p bonnet 2nd international conference on mobile data management    
regulations 1990 p groups   
untersuchungen ã 1/4 ber die allgemeine und die spektrale photosensibilitã $ t von hydra attenuata pall e frei  1973.0 
daf-12 advances a life stage counter that specifies developmental age in caenorhabditis elegans a antebi   jg culotti   em hedgecock  1997.0 
a novel approach to the efficient oxygenation of hydrocarbons under mild conditions . superior oxo r curci   ld ` accolti   c fusco acc chem res   2006.0 
consumers in swiss online grocery shops p sieber electronic markets   2000.0 
asymptotic choice number for triangle free graphs ar johansson to  
theoretical and experimental study of a power split continuously variable transmission system part g mantriota proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
moving beyond dyadic ties : a network theory of stakeholder influences tj rowley the academy of management review   1997.0 
student self-efficacy in college science : an investigation of gender   age   and academic achievement dl witt-rose  2003.0 
studies of the li test to distinguish beidellite and montmorillonite am bystrã ¶ m-brusewitz proc . int . clay conf    
gameod : an internet based game-on-demand framework f li   rwh lau   d kilis proceedings of acm vrst   2004.0 
use of remote sensing techniques to enhance in situ water quality monitoring dp bierl water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
should evaluators be certified ? aj love new directions for program evaluation    
the response of a resonant system to a gliding tone nf barber   f ursell phil . mag    
quantum mechanics li schiff   
topic-se : a tool-based open platform for integration of control in software environments k foughali   b folliot information and software technology    
25443   usa   1990 wv shepherdstown   
agriculture in the world economy : an historical geography of decline d grigg geography    
the case for colour sp adinarayan  1964.0 
teletext for public information : laboratory and field studies m elton   j carey new directions for program evaluation   1984.0 
systems integration and the environment sj haigh bt technology journal   1997.0 
benchmark for layout synthesisâ ? evolution and current status . int k kozminski proc . 28th acmieee design automation conf.   san  
managing memory to meet multiclass workload response time goals kp brown   mj carey   m livny proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
columbus bibliography . kd harvey social studies and the young learner   1992.0 
versioning and configuration management in an object-oriented data model e sciore the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
integration of a decentralized computer facility ra greenes proc . acm nat . conf    
colloidal suspensions l struble proceedings of ph. d. course at dtu ( shah   s. ; bui   vk   & hellip ;    
stability and malleability of the self-concept h markus   z kunda  1986.0 
anorganische und allgemeine chemie in fl flussigen ammoniak j jander part  
efficient management of multiversion documents by object referencing sycvj tsotras   c zaniolo   
a transaction language complete for database update and speclficatlon s ablteboul   v vlanu proc 6th acm sigact-sigmod symp prmclples of database & hellip ;   1987.0 
conditions for the occurrence of electrical discharges in astrophysical systems jw dungey phil . mag    
the leadership of a university : reflections . cp magrath new directions for higher education   1988.0 
weave maps across the web wf limp  1997.0 
the perfect swarm p panepento computerworld    
parallel query support for multidimensional data k hahn vldbâ ?? 2001 workshop-supercomputing databases   rome   italy    
taxane containing regimens for metastatic breast cancer d ghersi   n wilcken   j simes   e donoghue cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
the choice of going public : spin-offs vs. carve-outs r michaely   wh shaw   
automatic extraction and integration of bibliographic information on the web [ a ] jf geng   jab yang proceedings of the 29th vldb conferenceberlin   germany    
composite objects revised w kim   e bertino   j garza proc . acm sigmod conf . management data   portland   or   june    
reinforcement learning with self-modifying policies j schmidhuber   j zhao   n schraudolph   
hypothesized interdependence   assumed independence wh glick   kh roberts the academy of management review   1984.0 
real-time behaviour of asynchronous agents y wang proceedings of concur    
an immunologic basis for the fibrotic reaction to implanted microcapsules p soon-shiong   m otterlie   g skjak-braek   o transplant proc   1991.0 
a regional accreditation perspective on contingent faculty appointments se elman new directions for higher education   2003.0 
operadic hochschild chain complex and free loop spaces   arxiv preprin t math d chataur   jc thomas   
dynamics of diversity in the teaching-learning process : a faculty development model for analysis and ls marchesani   m adams new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
classification in information storage and retrieval o taulbee   jt welch jr  1966.0 
dynamic voting algorithmsformaintainingthe consistencyof a replicated database s jajodia   d mutchler acm transactions on database systems    
a minimum principle of pontryagin in optimal discrete-time systems with terminal constrains and free t matsumoto procs . of japan-usa symposium on flexible automation    
many body physics   ( plenum   ny   1990 ) gd mahan   
gender differences in psychological well-being of mexican early adolescents c benjet   l hernandez-guzman adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 
online dynamic reordering for interactive data processing v raman   b raman   jm hellerstein vldb   1999.0 
xml-lã ¶ sungen programmieren ; die wichtigsten xml-technologien undâ ?? spezifikationen praxisnah j sturm microsoft  
improving semantic specification in the database relational model e sciore proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
personnel policies in united states based japanese hotels cy chen  1993.0 
methodology integration : evolution of information engineering kw short information and software technology   1991.0 
an update of the temporal database bibliography n kline acm sigmod 1993.0 
a 1961â ?? 90 baseline climatology and future climate change scenarios for great britain and europe e barrow   m hulme   t jiang part i    
jeffrey . f. naughton . \ \ a stochastic approach for clustering in object bases mm tsangaris proc . of sigmod conference on management of  
genetic and environmental architecture of human aggression dr miles   g carey journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
ridl * : a tool for the computer-assisted engineering of large databases in the presence of integrity o de troyer proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1989.0 
south dob index   ( 1990 's   from acpl e-resources )   '' c csra   
software engineering for parallel systems i jelly   i gorton  1994.0 
caregiver support for postpartum depression kl ray   ed hodnett cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
sealed storage of bag stacks : status of the technology pc annis aciar proceedings no. 25 . fumigation and controlled & hellip ;    
the business culture of the community college : students as consumers ; students as commodities js levin new directions for higher education   2005.0 
evolutionary computation : toward a new philosophy of machine intelligence d fogel   
tri/efc -4 . sionc f ` age sigmod record   1987.0 
effect of a bicycle safety program and free bicycle helmet distribution on the use of bicycle d watts   no ` shea   a ile   e flynn   a trask   d journal of emergency nursing   1997.0 
entering the presidency jb mclaughlin new directions for higher education   1996.0 
the causes of duration differences between english nouns and verbs s davis   j morris   mh kelly unpublished manuscript    
d. sha sha : database tuning : principles   experiments   and troubleshooting techniques p bonnet  2002.0 
countercurrent extraction of citrus aroma from aqueous and nonaqueous solutions using supercritical m budich  1999.0 
parallel execution of hash joins in parallel databases hi hsiao   ms chen   ps yu   
end e. fernandez.â ?? a programming lenguage for access to a shared data base   â ?? r summers   c coleman proc . acm  
tcp-real : receiver-oriented congestion control v tsaoussidis   c zhang computer networks   2002.0 
efficient structural joins on indexed xml documents c shu-yao   z vagena   z donghuiâ ? ¦ proceedings of the vldb conference   hongkong    
systematics of orobanche section myzorrhiza ( orobanchaceae ) with emphasis on orobanche ludoviciana lt collins  1973.0 
education in a cultural lag : the case of germany t hanf international journal of educational research   2001.0 
percolation based scheduling r potasman   j lis   a nicolau   d gajski proc . acm/ieee design automation conference    
pde based determination of piezoelectric material tensors b kaltenbacher   t lahmer   m mohr   
the far-infrared helium laser r turner   ra murphy & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
a database perspective on lotus domino/notes c mohan sigmod conference   1999.0 
varkovitskaya   et al vi zatsepin   ea zamchalova   a ya proceedings of the 23rd international cosmic ray  
usability evaluation of the city university of new york cuny + database a oulanov electronic library   2001.0 
hints on data selection : help for the practicing programmer ra demillo   rj lipton   fg sayward ieee computer    
size-and-shape cone   shape disk and configuration densities for the elliptical models ja dä ± az-garcä ± a submitted for publication   1998.0 
3g trials and developments cj fenton   jgo moss   dw lock   r bloomfield   jf bt technology journal   2001.0 
planning   training and learning in supervision of flexible assembly systems ls lopes   l camarinha-matos procs . of conf . on balanced automation systems    
object operations benchmark rggcj skeen acm transactions on database systems    
practitioner problems in need of database research g thomas sigmod record   1991.0 
strategies for sound internet measurement v paxson proceedings of acm sigcomm internet measurement  
a color fingerprint of video shot for content identification x yang   q tian   ec chang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
f [ 22 ] zhang   t.   ramakrishnan   r.   and linvy   m. ( 1996 ) . birch : an efficient data clustering method kl clarkson proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l con    
ac   and giordano   c f minisci acc . chem . res    
layout design methodology for sub-wavelength manufacturing m rieger   j mayhew   s panchapakesan proc acm/ieee design automation conf    
graph-based mobility model for mobile ad hoc network simulation i stepanov   j tian   j hã $ hner   c becker   k san diego   california    
isolation and characterization of a full-length resistance gene homolog from soybean cy he   ag tian   js zhang   zy zhang   jy gai   sy tag theoretical and applied genetics   2003.0 
on the malleability of automatic attitudes : combating automatic prejudice with images of admired and n dasgupta   ag greenwald journal of personality and social psychology   2001.0 
practical fine-grain slicing of optimized code m ernst technical report msr-tr-94-14   microsoft research   redmond   wa    
misconceptions about real-time databases ja stankovic   sh son   j hansson   
effects of a sharp bend on dam-break flow . s soares frazã # o   y zech proc.   28th iahr congress   graz   austria   technical univ. . & hellip ;    
alternative assessment : putting technology to the test i bruder electronic learning   1993.0 
andf . makedon . videoscheme : aprogrammable video editing system for automation and media recognition j matthews   p gloor proceedings acm multimedia    
niagaracq : a scalable continuous querysystemfor internetdatabases j chen   dj dewitt   f tian   y wang sigmod conference    
all-weather mapping with interferometric radar i cumming   d hawkins proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on remote & hellip ;    
phylogenetic k-root and steiner k-root gh lin   t jiang   pe kearney lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
explaining differences in multidimensional aggregates - group of 11 & raquo ; s sarawagi geography    
semantically-based concurrancy control for search structures n goodman   d shasha proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
mobile databases : a selection of open issues and research directions g bernardâ ? ¦ sigmod record   2004.0 
experimentelle untersuchung der pyrolyse in inerter und reaktiver atmosphã $ re unter den bedingungen j petek  1998.0 
a case for arrays of inexpensive disks ( raid ) da patterson   g gibson   rh katz proc . acm sigmod    
to verify multipliers jr burch   bdd using proc . of 28th da conference    
nontraditional-aged women and the dissertation : a case study approach ks lenz new directions for higher education   1997.0 
alternative teaching strategies k naidoo   r searle new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
experiments on nuclear cooling mv hobden   n kurti phil . mag    
swami ( poster session ) : a framework for collaborative filtering algorithm development and evaluation d fisher   k hildrum   j hong   m newman   m thomas   r proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 
classifying images of materials : achieving viewpoint and illumination independence m varma   a zisserman lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents birch : an efficient data clustering method for very large databasesã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents t zhang   r ramakrishnan   m linvy proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   acm press    
design automation for mixed hardware-software systems j adams   d thomas electronic design    
practical educational uses of the open distributed network monitor p minaie   j kallman   j truppi   s dascalu   f harris procs . of the intl. conf . on education and information & hellip ;    
information technology d lassner new directions for higher education   2000.0 
microsoft windows programmierung fur experten d solomon  1999.0 
view in a theory of justice a least this is rawlsâ ?? s   
towards desktop personal travel agents dt ndumu   jc collis   h nwana bt technology journal   1998.0 
higher education as a field of study : its origins   programs   and purposes   1893-1960 lf goodchild new directions in higher education   1991.0 
into the woods : visual surveillance of noncooperative and camouflaged targets in complex outdoor te boult   rj michaels   x gao   m eckmann proceedings-ieee   2001.0 
should computer scientists experiment more ? wf tichy ieee computer   1998.0 
ethernet controller adds communications to scsi bus . t russ electronic design   1988.0 
innovative stabilization and functionalization s ystems for ag-films n lelliâ ? ¦ proc . of 29th nat . agric . plastics  
latent variable modeling and cross-national differences in college-level academic performance sa hecht international journal of educational research   2001.0 
critical thinking : toward research and dialogue c furedy   jj furedy new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0 
an outline of a general model for information retrieval jy nie proceedings of acm sigir    
differential expression of zap-70 and syk protein tyrosine kinases ( ptks )   and the role of this ac chan   nsc van oers   la turka   cl law   ea clark    1993.0 
parametrisierung evolutionarer strategien fur die registrierung von wirbelknochen in ultraschall und s winter   b brendel   b illerhaus   a al-amin   h   
the humanism of cp snow wf hall wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 
disciplines with an affinity for the improvement of undergraduate education jm braxton new directions for teaching and learning   1995.0 
compt . rend . 240   963 ( 1955 ) [ cas ] ; h. de-waard n marty phil . mag    
modern client-server dbms n roussopoulos sigmod record    
preparing instructors for online instruction ad fein   mc logan new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
a proof engine approach to solving combinational design automation problems p bjesse   g andersson   b cook   z hanna proc ieee/acm design automation conference    
enforcing small print to protect big business : employee and consumer rights claims in an age of ds schwartz wisconsin law review   1997.0 
streaming raid : a disk storage system for video and audio files fa tobagi   j pang   r baird   m gang proceedings of acm  
modern developments in fluid mechanics s goldstein vol .  
contention-based reservation protocols in fiber optic local area networks with passive star topology hb jeon   ck un electronic lett   1990.0 
development and trial of groupware for organizational design and management : distributed and j munemori   y nagasawa information and software technology   1991.0 
unlocking secure online commerce j vijayan computerworld    
policies and practices in enforcing the credit hour jm shedd new directions for higher education   2003.0 
the minimum entropy and cumulants based contrast functions for blind source extraction s cruces   a cichocki   s amari lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
the clinical care and documentation for victims of drug-facilitated sexual assault le ledray journal of emergency nursing   2001.0 
a possible terminological logic for modelling information retrieval f sebastiani proceedings of acm sigir 94 conferenceâ ?? dublin    
elderly patients ' perceptions of care in the emergency department wt watson   es marshall   d fosbinder journal of emergency nursing   1999.0 
encapsulating distribution by remote objects as tanenbaumâ ? ¦ information and software  
standing committee p accounts   
a database with chemical and crystallographic information compiled and evaluated by the nist crystal nc data   
extraction and computation of identifiable parameters in robot dynamic models : theory and ay zomaya   
hyperview   authoringdisplay software designed for educational instruction by paul beam and p beam demonstration versions are available by inquiry to pdbeam @  
ontology-driven content search for personalized education awp fok proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
m. takagi   â ?? the effect of bucket size tuning in the dynamic hybrid grace hash join method   â ?? m kitsuregawa   m nakayama proceedings of the 1989 vldb conference   amsterdam   august    
radioecological conditions on the territory of the far-east technical bases located onshore va danilyan   vl vysotskii   aa maksimov at .  
storage estimation for multidimensional aggregates in olap k runapongsa   tp nadeau   tj teorey proceedings of the 1999 conference of the centre for & hellip ;   1999.0 
fighting mckinsey p strassmann computerworld   2001.0 
the organization of behavior : a neuropsychological theory do hebb   
developing the uml as a formal modelling notation a evans   r france   k lano   b rumpe proceedings of  
a technology independent approach to hierarchical ic layout extraction a bootehsaz   ra cottrel proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
norman mailer and the revolt of the ego : some observations on recent american literature fj hoffman wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1960.0 
the impact of international students on domestic students in us institutions of higher education ss barger  2004.0 
an effective hash-based algorithm forming association rules [ a ] js park   ms chen   ps yu proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
explaining the minnesota family investment programâ ?? s impacts by housing status c miller   
rna results from baseline and week 8 are summarized in figure 6 hiv plasma at  
developing dual user interfaces for integrating blind and sighted users : the homer uims a savidis   c stephanidis proceedings of chi   1995.0 
chameleon : an extensible and customizable tool for web data translation r torlone   p atzeni proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
smart books : thinking with a purpose across the curriculum . media corner . r colemanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
essays in periodicals jr bryer   tj bergin jr wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
remote possibilities : whiteboard software ' d labriola pc  
on oscillation hysteresis in a triode generator with two degrees of freedom b van der pol phil . mag    
software development for computers and communication at nec . k fujino ieee computer    
qualitã $ tssicherung und qualitã $ tsmanagement in der sozialen arbeit m meinholdâ ? ¦ freiburg i. br    
science performance assessment with language minority students g solano-flores   ma ruiz-primo   gp baxter   rj & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa barbara    
perceptions and satisfaction with emergency department care kj rhee   j bird journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
changes in taxi servicesâ ?? can new developments help people with a mobility handicap s trench   a lister proceedings of seminar d   public transport planning and & hellip ;    
on the closure of the family of conjunctive languages under inverse homomorphism a okhotin   
efficient updates to independent schemes in the weak instance model p atzeni   r torlone proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1990.0 
an adaptive nonlinear least-squares algorithm je dennis jr   dm gay   re walsh acm transactions on mathematical software ( toms )   1981.0 
therapeutic ultrasound for venous leg ulcers k flemming   n cullum cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
real time : further misconceptions ( or half-truths ) r kurki-suonio   
rp3 performance monitoring hardware wc brantley   kp mcauliffe   ta ngo acm press   new york   1989.0 
do story agents use rocking chairs ? km brooks   
modeling design versions r ramakrishnan   dj ram proceedings of the 22th international conference on very & hellip ;   1996.0 
modeling of imaging systems in matlab s vitek   j hozman   
h.   and dolphin   d. ( 1976 ) r abeles acc . chem .  
data conversion from object-oriented to relational database and its verification by use of r pang   
park   0 . a framework for effective retrieval ct yu   w meng acm trans . database syst    
the university presidency today : a word for the incumbents . s muller new directions for higher education   1988.0 
anda . shukla . simultaneous optimization and evaluation of multiple dimensional queries y zhao   pm deshpande   jf naughton proceedings of the 1998 acm-sigmod  
an analysis of storage utilization factor in block split data structuring scheme t nakamura   t mizoguchi vldb    
mobile agents : ten reasons for failure ( panel ) g vigna & hellip ; conference on mobile data management ( mdmâ ?? 04 )   berkeley ( & hellip ;    
a service learning approach to faculty development e zlotkowski new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
baring it all to software : raw machines a agarwalâ ? ¦ ieee computer    
online aggregation   acm sigmod int jm hellerstein   pj haas   hj wang conference on management of data    
m. and billsus gp webb d. machine learning for user modeling . user modeling and & hellip ;    
taking the distance out of education mm watts new directions for teaching and learning   2003.0 
violations of stochastic dominance   branch independence   upper and lower cumulative independence in mh birnbaum   s yeary submitted for  
franz kafka and william sansom pf neumeyer wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1966.0 
scatternet formation algorithms in the bluetooth network k balaji   s kapoor   aa nanavati   l ramachandran submitted for  
the indiana postsecondary-encouragement experiment . d hossler   j schmit new directions for higher education   1995.0 
study of a gas microstrip detector for medical applications gc giakos   s chowdhury   a dasgupta   a dasgupta   p proc . int . soc . opt . eng . ( spie )    
detection of signals in chaos s haykin   xb li proceedings-ieee   1995.0 
relation between static adhesion and contact pressure for a concentrated dispersion b fleming   s biggs   kp galvin proceedings of the 25 thaustralian and new zealand chemical & hellip ;    
data description for data independence wc mcgee acm sigmod record   1969.0 
the business of software in the zone : the need for flexible roles p armour communications-acm   2003.0 
inner functions : results   methods   problems ab aleksandrov proc . int . cong . math.   berkeley    
grades : their influence on students and faculty f janzow   j eison new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
in ultrastructure processing of ceramics glasses and composites j livage   m henry san diego    
electronic brokerages for online trading p konana   n menon   d abramowitz electronic markets    
the friction andlubrication of solids fp bowden   d tabor part i    
research and practice in federated information systems w hasselbring   wj van den heuvel   gj houben   rd sigmod record   2000.0 
r validation and performance evaluation for distributed queries lf mackert   gm lohman proc . 12th int . vldb  
liberal education   inquiry   and academic organization . fs weaver new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
kinetic model for oscillations in a cycle of enzymatic reactions related to methoxyphenols j sielewiesiuk   a czubla   e malarczyk   m pazdzioch cellular and molecular biology letters   1999.0 
toward automatic detection of software failures t savor   re seviora ieee computer   1998.0 
implementing internet remote login on a personal computer lj konopelski mit/lcs/tm 233   laboratory for computer science   massachusetts  
september 1994 . the plasma earth process : a versatile solid mixed waste treatment technology . php rl gillins washington   dc and in seattle    
faculty evaluation . km stroup new directions for higher education   1983.0 
penetrating head injury in children : a case report and review of the literature j koestler   r keshavarz journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
stabbing triangulations by lines in three dimensions pk agarwal   b aronov   s suri proc . 11th acm sympos . comput . geom    
an algorithm for linearly constrainted adaptive array processing ieeexplore.ieee.org   
an extensive logic simulation method of very large scale computer design m miyoshi   y ooshima   a sugiyama   n onizuka   n proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
developing dual user interfaces for integrating blind and sighted users : the homer uims ` in katz   i.   a savidis   c stephanidis proceedings of acm chi &#39; 95    
generalized contextualization method for xml information retrieval p arvola   m junkkari   j kekã $ lã $ inen proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
distributed processing of logic programs o wolfson   a silberschatz proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1988.0 
richard wright ( 1908-1960 ) : a selected checklist of criticism jr bryer wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1960.0 
semantic verification for fact seeking engines d roussinov   w fan   fad neves   
syntactic and morphological contributions to processing subject-object asymmetries m bader  1997.0 
socializing new chairs jr thomas   jh schuh new directions for higher education   2004.0 
acute renal vascular occlusion : an uncommon mimic sk hall journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
vacillation in spherical couette flow p zhang   k zhang  2002.0 
greedy numeration systems and recognizability m hollander unpublished manuscript    
dolphin : intelligent meeting support across liveboards   local and remote desktop environments n striz   jh geibler   j hol proc . of acm    
pupilsâ ?? attitudes towards geography in lower school : an investigation into gender differences j bramwell geography    
pianoforte : a system for piano education beyond notation literacy sw smoliar   
the emergence of affluence in beijing : residential social stratification in china 's capital city x hu   dh kaplan urban geography   2000.0 
tods report r snodgrass acm sigmod record   2005.0 
database architecture for new hardware a ailamaki   
iterative performance and wirability improvement for fpgas s nag   k roy proc . ieee/acm design automation conf    
integration of time versions into a relational database system p dadam   vy lum   hd werner vldb   1984.0 
a distributed database project based on web technology j kolar   i halaska   z ilek czech technical university    
this test is to be performed in conjunction with test 1 above p test during the demonstration of the lifting and lowering test    
toward a model for backtracking and dynamic programming maa borodin   j buresh-oppenheim   r impagliazzo   a unpublished manuscript    
incremental computation and maintenance of temporal aggregates j yang   j widom the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
web question answering : is more always better ? ( 2002 ) s dumais   m banko   e brill   j lin   a ng proceedings of the 25 thannual international acm sigir  
the effect of age on positive and negative affect : a developmental perspective on happiness dk mroczek   cm kolarz journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
the computer as presidential factotum . jl powell new directions for higher education   1988.0 
integration : plug and pray b boehm   c abts ieee computer    
land policies and farm productivity in thailand . baltimore g feder   t onchan   y chalamwong   c hangladoran md    
building a national capital in an age of globalization : the case of berlin a cochrane   a passmore area   2001.0 
faculty culture and college life : reshaping incentives toward student outcomes mj amey new directions for higher education   1999.0 
independence and bipolarity in the structure of current affect lf barrett   ja russell journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
heterogeneity of casi-estimated leaf chlorophyll in corn : assessment and comparison with ground d haboudane   jr miller   n tremblay   pj zarco - proceedings of the 23rd canadian symposium on remote sensing & hellip ;    
chemical soil physics phenomena for chemical sensing of buried uxo jm phelan   sw webb   
integration of magnetoencephalography and magnetic resonance imaging ( abstract only ) so tissari   ms hamalainen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
e-cient asynchronous consensus with a valueoblivious adversary scheduler y aumann   m bender proceedings of the 23rd international conference on automata & hellip ;    
schwab impresses p gillin computerworld    
continously adaptive continuous queries over data streams s madden   ma shah   jm hellerstein   v raman acm sigmod    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?tuning red for web traffic   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? m christiansen   k jeffay   d ott   fd smith proc . of acm  
a distributed multimedia authoring environment l hardman   g van rossum   dca bulterman proceedings of acm multimedia    
disturbance and ecological succession in marine intertidal boulder fields wp sousa  1977.0 
burned vegetation mapping in mountainous areas with satellite remote sensing msra caetano  1995.0 
cosmic ray source and cosmic ray acceleration dc ellison proc . 21st int . cosmic ray conf.   adelaide    
foodnet . differences in escherichia coli o157 : h7 annual incidence among foodnet active surveillance c hedberg   f angulo   j townes   d vugia   m farley md    
m. stonebraker the performance of concurrency control algorithms for database management systems c carey proc . intl. conf . on very large data bases   vldb    
evaluating chicago school reform . rp niemiec   hj walbergâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation   1993.0 
conditions for effectiveness . jt wright new directions for higher education   1988.0 
plato 's rhapsody and homer 's music : the poetics of the panathenaic festival in classical athens g nagy  2002.0 
automatic tuning of optimum pid controllers m zhuang   dp atherton  1993.0 
symbolizing data into a â ?? bumpâ ?? a bakker proceedings of the 25 thconference of the international & hellip ;    
the post office experiment : designing a large asynchronous chip a davis   b coates   k stevens proc 26th annu . hawaii int . conf . on systems  
interaction ergonomics   control and separation : open problems in user interface management g cockton information and software technology   1987.0 
radiotherapy for the palliation of painful bone metastases hj mcquay   sl collins   d carroll   ra moore cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
channel-estimation-based adaptive dfe for fading multipath radio channels pk shukla   lf turner iee proceedings   1991.0 
public-key encryption in a multi-user setting : security proofs and improvements m bellare   a boldyreva   s micali lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
precious metals 1990 . ( retroactive coverage ) d corrigan  1990.0 
online partial evaluation for shift and reset k asai   
renal disease in the elderly am davison contributions to nephrology   1998.0 
one-month study in the open nw mediterranean sea ( dynaproc experiment   may 1995 ) : overview of the v andersen   l prieur   
agenericframework for modeling resourceswithuml b selic ieee computer    
the case for perspicuous programming n holmes   
deadlock-freedom ( and saftey ) of transactions in a distributed database o wolfson   m yannakakis proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
resource sharing in continuous sliding-window aggregates a arasu   j widom proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
invitations to celebrations . children 's literature . rh lombard social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
birch : an e cient data clustering method for very large databases t zhang   r ramakrishnan   m livny proc . 1996 sigmod    
â ? ³ incremental evaluation of rules and its relationship to parallelism.â ? ³ acm sigmod international o wolfsonâ ? ¦ sigmod record    
computer simulation of solidification wc erickson & hellip ; in metal processing   proceedings   25 th sagamore army & hellip ;   1978.0 
penile incarceration : a wrapping technique mb detweiler   d perkins journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
the asynchronous backtracking family c bessiere   i brito   a maestre   p meseguer submitted for publication    
wirkungen von jod und arsenit auf meeresalgen in kultur ha von stosch proc . int . seaweed symp    
birch : an efficient clustering method for very large databases t zhang   r ramakrishnan   m livny & hellip ; workshop on research issues on data mining and knowledge & hellip ;    
0 . botti   f. cassinari   v. dc florio   and r. lauwereins . stable memory in substation automation : a g deconinck proc . of the 28th jet . symposium on fault-tolerant computing & hellip ;    
toward a foundational typed assembly language k crary   
milk industry np zygouris ministry of agriculture   athens   greece    
decentralisation and corruption : why are federal states perceived to be more corrupt ? ucla d treisman unpublished manuscript    
an appraisal of the wisconsin junior livestock expositions dl drew  1963.0 
a writing support program for junior women faculty j gainen new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
binding time analysis for high order untyped functional languages c consel proceedings of the 1990 acm conference on lisp and & hellip ;   1990.0 
text categorization by boosting automatically extracted concepts l cai   t hofmann proc . of the 26th annual int . acm sigir conference on  
leadership jk poley new directions for higher education   2001.0 
college : the undergraduate experience in america el boyer  1987.0 
online documentation system c visual microsoft corporation    
telling the holocaust story to children . pull-out feature ii . s totten social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
nimbus-7 smmr derived global snow cover and snow depth data set . the pilot land data system . nasa atc chang   jl foster   dk hall   hw powell   yl chien md    
approximate computation ofmultidimensionalaggregates ofsparsedata using wavelets js vitter   m wang proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod international conference  
the correlatedcorrespondencealgorithm for unsupervised registration of nonrigid surfaces dksth pang   d anguelov   p srinivasan   j davis  2004.0 
an extensible notation for spatiotemporal index queries vj tsotras   cs jensen   rt snodgrass sigmod record   1998.0 
shoring up persistent applications mj carey   dj dewittâ ? ¦   
automatic extraction and integration of bibliographic information on the web using hidden markov j geng  2002.0 
efficient estimation of models with conditional heteroscedasticity d steigerwald   
b. theodoulidis   and u. dayal   \ \ towards an infrastructure for temporal databases   '' n pissinou   r snodgrass   r elmasri   i mumick   t sigmod record    
some factors affecting the spatial distribution of chicago land values   1910-1960 mh yeates economic geography   1965.0 
3d internet developments m crossley   j davies   r taylor-hendry bt technology journal    
druin   ( 1999 ) a. single display groupware : a model for co-present collaboration j stewart   b bederson proc acm chi  
source international conference on management of data archive jm peckman   s ram   m franklin proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1997.0 
orientation of nursing assistant instructors by nancy radke a research paper submitted in partial ja benkowski  2003.0 
dynamic memory allocation for multiple-query workloads m mehta   dj dewitt proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
a basic local alignment search tool . journal of molecular biology   1990 . 14 ] a. guttman . r-trees : a sf altschul   w gish   w miller   ew myers   dj lipman proc . acm sigmod    
simulations of gravity wave induced turbulence using 512 pe cray t3e jm prusa   pk smolarkiewicz   aa wyszogrodzki   
the spallation neutron source diagnostics s assadi procs . of this conference    
functional organization of chlorophyll in chlorophyll ccontaining marine phytoplankton ba boczar  1985.0 
nasa storage/retrieval net to go on-line june 1984 . p gillin computerworld.   1983.0 
the pertâ ?? brm   mce ot concurrency 1080 ieee rransactions on software engineering . vol . 14 . no 8 . m carey   m stonebraker prw . vldb    
read this only to yourself : the private writings of midwestern women   1880â ?? 1910 ( bloomington   1982 e hampsten at  
a benthic index of biotic integrity for streams in the pacific northwest ls fore   jr karr   rw wisseman submitted for publication    
overview of faculty learning communities l richlin   a essington new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
terminal developments and their media capabilities w johnston bt technology journal   2001.0 
