tools for statistical inference ma tanner  1993.0 
real-time networking for the implementation of cim lr lin   hp huang proc . int . conf . automation  
getting started : informal small-group strategies in large classes jl cooper   p robinson new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0 
revisiting scholarship c kreberâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning   no    
multimedia miner : a system prototype for multimedia data mining   j han   sh chee   jy chiang proceedings of acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0 
assessment   enhancement   and verification determinants of the self-evaluation process c sedikides journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
multiaccess of a slotted channel using a control mini-slot l merakos   d kazakos proc . int . conf . communications    
address compression through base register caching a park   m farrens   
role of interoperability in business application development d cohen   g larson   l berke proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1993.0 
performance analysis using the mips r10000 performance counters m zagha   b larson   s turner   m itzkowitz   
immunocytochemical localization ofras p21 product in thyroid follicular cells of normal rats using y mizukami   a nonomura   t hashimoto   e kawahara   s the histochemical journal   1988.0 
the 3d resurf double-gate mosfet : a revolutionary power device concept f udrea   a popescu electronic letters   1998.0 
h instability and 1 = f noise in bipolar transistors z yiqi   s qing 28th annu . proc . int . reliability physics symp    
tata probabilistic temporal databases   i : algebra a dekhtyar   r ross   vs subrahmanian technical report cs-tr-3987   department of computer science    
o-linked oligosaccharide on igal hinge region in iga nephropathy . fundamental study for precise y hiki   a horii   h iwase   a tanaka contributions to nephrology   1995.0 
impact of control system design on a flexible manufacturing system for colliery arches sj williams   
downsizing in privatized firms in russia   ukraine   and belarus i filatotchev   t buck   v zukov academy of management journal   2000.0 
operating systems : an advanced course jn gray lecture notes in computer science    
algebraic dependencies c papadimitriou   m yannakakis unpublished memorandum   laboratory for computer science   mit & hellip ;    
routing worm : a fast   selective attack worm based on ip address information cc zou   d towsley   w gong   s cai   
automatic assignment of grammatical relations l lesmo   v lombardo   
general secure multi-party computation from any linear secret-sharing scheme r cramer   i damgard   u maurer lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
facilitating collective musical creativity a tanaka   n tokui   a momeni   
y   jiang and yk ng.â ?? record-boundary discovery in web documents   â ?? d embley proc . acm sigmod conf    
automatic composition of transition-based semantic web services with messaging d berardi   d calvanese   g de giacomo   r hull   m proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
pouchitis after ileal pouch-anal anastomosis : a pouchitis disease activity index wj sandborn   wj tremaine   kp batts   jh pemberton mayo clinic proceedings   1994.0 
aries/im : an efficient and high concurrency index management method using write-ahead logging c mohan proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1992.0 
path queries on compressed xml p buneman   m grohe   c koch proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
ands . clark.â ?? collaborativewritingasaprocessofformalizinggroup memory   â ?? m mandviwalla   k sandoe proc . 28th annual hawaii int . conf . on system sciences    
usage scenarios of dbms   keynote r munz 25th international conference on very large data bases   & hellip ;    
codifying guarded definitions with recursive schemes e gimenez lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
sexual selection and taxonomic diversity in passerine birds tg barraclough   ph harvey   s nee proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
biomass for greenhouse gas emission reduction task 4-6 : techno-economic characterisation of nd diamantidis   eg koukios  1999.0 
methodology of social sciences pa gemtos  1987.0 
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using hactals i kamel   c faloutsos proceedings of the 20th vldb conference    
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals i kamel   c faloutsos   
distributed-memory model checking with spin f lerda   r sisto lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
influence of sulphate groups in the binding of peanut agglutinin . histochemical demonstration with ja martinez-menarguez   j ballesta   m aviles   jf the histochemical journal   1992.0 
influence of genetic polymorphism on the cadmium induction of cytochrome p450 2a6 s satarug   k kiyotani   m fujieda   h yamazaki   p   
interoperability of peer-to-peer file sharing protocols sm lui   sh kwok   
biotech no iogydb io en g in ee ri ng ae humphrey   hr bungay   fjs schultz   rp canale   af md   1972.0 
towards a framework for numeracy assessment r callingham   p griffin proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the mathematics & hellip ;    
companies power up networking g lee ieee  
data integration in data warehousing d calvanese   g de giacomo   m lenzerini   d nardi   r international journal of cooperative information systems   2001.0 
case tool construction for a parallel software development methodology jp gray information and software technology   1997.0 
decongestants and antihistamines for acute otitis media in children ca flynn   g griffin   f tudiver cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
experimental astronomy m barbera   a collura   a dara   m leone   fr powell    1996.0 
fluid-rock interaction and carbon recycling in subduction zones : evidence from stable isotope ge bebout   md barton proc 28th int geol conf   abstract    
pathfinder : a pattern-based packet classier ml bailey   b gopal   ma pagels   ll peterson   p proc .  
how state regulatory agencies address privatization : the case of wastewater treatment jg heilman   gw johnson new directions for program evaluation   1991.0 
two major smad pathways in tgf-beta superfamily signalling k miyazawa   m shinozaki   t hara   t furuya   k genes to cells   2002.0 
gadolinium-enhanced mri in central nervous system behã § et 's disease e erdem   r carlier   abc idir   po masnou   a neuroradiology   1993.0 
management of technology ivâ ?? the creation of wealth t khalil   b bayraktar & hellip ; of the fourth international conference on management of & hellip ;    
lactate production under fully aerobic conditions : the lactate shuttle during rest and exercise ga brooks fed proc   1986.0 
algorithm 432 : solution of the matrix equation ax + xb = c rh bartels   gw stewart comm . acm    
the notre dame long-range plan . to ` meara new directions for higher education   1984.0 
p. keleh er   h. lu   r. rajamony   w. yu   and w. zaenepoel . treadmarks : shared memory computing on c amza   al cox   s dwarkadas ieee computer    
database management for life sciences research hv jagadish   f olken sigmod record   2004.0 
on some principles of grammaticization pj hopper approaches to grammaticalization   1991.0 
phase ii study of 5â cents - deoxy-5-fluorouridine ( 5â cents - dfur ) in patients with malignant cancerâ ?? a multi - h niitani   k kimura   t saito   i nakao   o abe   i gan to kagaku ryoho   1985.0 
j.   and muntz   rr 1997 . sting : a statistical information grid approach to spatial data mining wy wang proc . int . conf . very large databases  
similar and differential behaviour between the nectin-afadin-ponsin and cadherin-catenin systems t asakura   h nakanishi   t sakisaka   k takahashi   k genes to cells   1999.0 
further observations on the usefulness of the sonographic murphy sign in the evaluation of suspected r bree journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
3xnf : redundancy eliminating xml storage in relations y chen   sb davidson   y zheng submitted for  
fast similarity search in the presence of noise   scaling   and translation in time-series databases r agrawal   ki lin   hs sawhney   k shim vldb   1995.0 
commit processing in distributed secure and real-time transaction processing systems pk nagaraj  1998.0 
keynote address t bailey women in aviation international conference   reno   nv   march    
efficient concurrency control for broadcast environments j shnmugasundram   a nithrakashyap   r sivasankaran   technical report   1997-062   department of computer science    
class hierarchies and their complexity m lenzerini acm press frontier series   1990.0 
the incident command system : high-reliability organizing for complex and volatile task environments ga bigley   kh roberts   
rough set-based dimensionality reduction for supervised and unsupervised learning q shen   a chouchoulas   
a syntactic approach to shape recognition hh chen   js su proc . int . comput . symp    
metric 3d surface reconstruction from uncalibrated image sequences m pollefeys   r koch   m vergauwen   l van gool lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
e ~ laenens and d. vermeir   credulous vs. sceptical semantics for ordered logic programs d gabbay proceedings of the seco ~ d irzternatiot ~ al confcrcl ~ ce on & hellip ;    
the parameterized complexity of database queries m grohe   
andrew john herbertson   1865â ?? 1915 . an appreciation of his life and work ew gilbert geography    
logical introduction to databases j grant  1987.0 
discovery of multiple-level association rules from large databases in proc . 1995 int j han   y fu conf . very large data bases   zurich   switzerland   sept    
female zebra finches choose extra-pair copulations with genetically attractive males am houtman proceedings : biological sciences   1992.0 
aries : a transaction recovery method supporting fine-granularity locking and partial rollbacks using c mohan   d haderle   b lindsay   h pirahesh   p acm trans . database  
a model for developing an outcomes assessment plan : the regents college outcomes assessment pe peinovich   ms nesler   ts thomas new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
version modeling concepts for computer-aided design databases   acm sigmod int rh katz   e chang   r bhateja conf . on data management    
andr . r. muntz . afaulttolerantdesignofamultimedia server s berson   l golubchik inproceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
type i procollagen c-proteinase from mouse fibroblasts e kessler   
further immunohistochemical evidence for impaired no signaling in the hypothalamus of depressed hg bernstein   a heinemann   d krell   c mawrin   h annals-new york academy of sciences   2002.0 
model and verification of a data manager based on aries . acms anthology   
finite state description of communicating protocols gv bochman computer networks    
on some principles of grammaticalization pj hopper approaches to grammaticalization   1991.0 
characterizing task-oriented dialog using a simulated asr channel jd williams   s young submitted for publication   2004.0 
experimental results on weighted proportional tcp throughput differentiation p gevros   
granularity of locks in a large shared data base j gray   ra lorie   gr putzolu   il traiger vldb    
simplified recursive identifier for arma processes m farsi   kz karam   k warwick electronic letters    
model for pion production in proton-nucleus interactions nv mokhov   si striganov aip conference proceedings   1998.0 
robust test generation algorithm for stuck-open fault in cmos circuits m weiwei   l xieting proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
adaptive flow control for vod using price discounts n keon   g anandalingam  1999.0 
the self-energy and interaction energy of stacking fault in metals rw atree   ts plaskett phil mag    
judgment of line orientation   form h al benton   k hamsher   nr varney   o spreen contributions to neuropsychological assessment    
equivalences among aggregate queries with negation s cohen   w nutt   y sagiv   
sqlj part 1 : sql routines using the java tm programming language a eisenberg   j melton sigmod record   1999.0 
practical problems in data management : a position paper j gray proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1983.0 
recognizing shapes from simple queries about geometry y amit   d geman   k wilder unpublished manuscript    
verification tools-a sleep aid ? m chang electronic business    
constraint satisfaction in database theory m vardi   
incremental maintenance of recursive views using relational calculus/sql j su sigmod record   2000.0 
pathologic changes in charcot-marie-tooth disorders jw griffin see ref    
capabilities-based query answering in mediator systems y papakostantinou   a gupta   l haas conference on parallel and distributed information systems   & hellip ;    
personal interview with author d byrd  2004.0 
transformation-based learning using multirelational aggregation ma krogel   s wrobel lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
p. schwar z. aries : a transaction recovery method supporting ne-granularity locking and partial c mohan   d haderle   b lindsay   h pirahesh acm transactions on database systems    
slavery and economic response among the vai ( liberia and sierra leone ) se holsoe see ref    
a necessary condition for a doubly recursive rule to be equivalent to a linear recursive rule w zhang   ct yu   
an accurate model for analyzing wireless tcp performance with the coexistence of non-tcp traffic f hu   nk sharma   j ziobro computer networks   2003.0 
responsibility sharing between sophisticated users and professionals in structured prototyping n pliskin   p shoval information and software technology   1989.0 
the dynamics of informal employment in mã © xico b roberts us department of labor   bureau of international labor & hellip ;    
responding to : 20huh ? â ?? : answering vaguely articulated follow-up questions jd moore acm sigchi bulletin   1989.0 
areference information for the software verification and validation process   @ nist sp 500-234   nist   dr wallace   l ippolito   b cuthill md    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?efficiently updating materialized views   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc ja blakeley   p larson   fw tompa acm sigmod    
a flexible software analysis tool twg docker information and software technology   1987.0 
property-dependent modular model checking application to vhdl with computational results f rahim proc . intâ ?? l workshop hldvt    
microsatellite variation demonstrates multiple paternity in lekking cichlid fishes from lake malawi   ka kellogg   ja markert   jr stauffer   td kocher proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
solving alignment using elementary linear algebra d bau   i kodukula   v kotlyar   k pingali   p lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
anisotropic plastic deformation of indium antimonide e peissker   p haasen   h alexander phil . mag    
in depth : is re-engineering still relevant ? : no d coleman computerworld    
the role of facial response in self-reports of emotion : a critique of laird wm winton journal of personality and social psychology    
scaling reinforcement learning toward robocup soccer p stone   rs sutton   
construct measurement in organizational strategy research : a critique and proposal n venkatraman   jh grant the academy of management review   1986.0 
toward a quantitative theory of the origin of life s rasmussen artificial life  
toward efficient and robust software speculative parallelization on multiprocessors m cintra   dr llanos   
olap   data warehousing   and materialized views : a survey aa vaisman   
coordinating the water quality act of 1987 ht sansing water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
books jr bryer   tj bergin jr wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
reasoning on regular path queries d calvanese sigmod record   2003.0 
would you believe structured fortran ? te hull acm signum newsletter   1973.0 
tetrahedron lett y fu   tj miller   lgj hammarstrã ¶ m   ml mclaughlin    2000.0 
the language x : computation and sequent calculus in classical logic s van bakel   s lengrand   p lescanne  2004.0 
a multi-resolution relational data model a silberschatz   rl read   ds fussell proc . 18th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;    
an nf1 motif plays a central role in hepatitis b virus enhancer a ori   d atzmony   i haviv   y shaul virology-new york -   1994.0 
retrievalfrom hierarchical texts by partial patterns p kilpelã $ inen   h mannila proc acm  
a new triple-drug induction therapy with low dose cyclosporine   mizoribine and prednisolone in renal y kokado   m ishibashi   h jiang   s takahara   t transplant proc   1989.0 
the evaluator as educator ri wise new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
an improved r-tree using fractals i kamel proc 20th international conference on very large databases   & hellip ;    
fujii-kuriyama : cytochrome-p450   1993 t omura   y ishimura   
logical foundations of peer-to-peer data integration d calvanese   g de giacomo   m lenzerini   r rosati proc . of the 23rd acm sigact sigmod sigart sym . on & hellip ;   2004.0 
machine translation with grammar association : some improvements and the loco c model f prat   
investigation of 3-matrix quadratic assignment tests nl oden   rr sokal   
a case study of problems in migrating to distributed computing : page recovery using multiple logs in c mohan   i narang   j palmer ibm research report rj7343   ibm almaden research center    
end-point position control of multi-link flexible manipulator arms m sahraian ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1991.0 
torbjrnsen . 1-safe algorithms for symmetric site configurations r humborstad   m sabaratnam proceedings of the vldb conference    
r. . ikant . fair qneueing in wireless packet networks s lu   v bharghavan proceedings of acm  
the alternating fixpoint of logic programs with negation : extended abstract a van gelder proc . acm sigact-sigmod symposium on principles of database & hellip ;   1989.0 
plan for the jyfl gas-filled recoil separator ( abstract only ) m leino   j aysto   k eskola   p heikkinen   r julin   oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents a retrieval technique for similar shapesã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents hv jagadish proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
a single-dose   placebo-controlled study of the fully human anti-tnf antibody adalimumab ( d2e7 ) in a den broeder   lba van de putte   r rau   m submitted for  
norm verification and analysis of electronic institutions ww vasconcelos   
occupational therapy ... hh hull  1931.0 
why software costs vary   2003 c jones unpublished manuscript . available via x @ cs . vu .  
tutorial : a survey and critique of advanced transaction models c mohan proceedings   international conference on management of data    
the video window system in informal communications bl chalfonteetal  1990.0 
high-speed coating of optical fibres with thermally curable silicone resin using a pressurized die k chida   s sakaguchi   m wagatsuma   t kimura electronic lett    
snap to it automatic 3d object and silhouette registration g gornowicz   l williams proc . acm siggraph technical sketch    
current status of r & d in trusted database management systems b thuraisingham acm sigmod record   1992.0 
viewpoint can a course be taught entirely via email ? vv phoha communications-acm   1999.0 
dimensionality reduction for similarity searching in dynamic databases rk kv   d agrawal   a el abbadi   a singh university of california at santa barbara   santa barbara   ca    
a locking protocol for resource coordination in distributed systems da menasce   gj popek   rr muntz tods   june    
digital village the discipline of internet forensics h berghel communications-acm   2003.0 
similarity-based queries for time series data d raei   a mendelzon proc . acm sigmod   1997.0 
query evaluation of alternating xpoint logic w chen acm transactions on database systems    
software and hardware for exploiting speculative parallelismwith a multiprocessor j oplinger   d heine   sw liao   ba nayfeh   ms lam   k technical report csl-tr-97-715   stanford university computer  
protective effect of monoclonal antibodies to adhesion molecules on rat liver ischemia-reperfusion s marubayashi   y oshiro   a fukuma   k okada   t transplantation proceedings   1999.0 
reducing i/o demand in video-on-demand storage servers l golubchik   jcs lui   r muntz acm sigmetrics performance evaluation review   1995.0 
pcr protocols : a guide to methods and applications ma innis   dh gelfand  1990.0 
methodological advances in protein nmr s grzesiek   a bax acc . chem . res    
a parallel processing strategy for evaluating recursive queries l raschid   syw su vldb   1986.0 
quadtree and r-tree indexes in oracle spatial : a comparison using gis data rkv kothuri proceedings of acm sigmod conference   2002.0 
video conference recording on the mbone w holfelder proceedings of acm  
effective functional test design increases pcb throughput pn douglas electronic manufacturing    
disjunctive datalog with nested rules s greco   n leone   f scarcello   
substrates   calquing and grammaticalization in melanesian pidgin rm keesing approaches to grammaticalization    
acute plastic bowing deformity : a review of the literature je aponte   a ghiatas journal of emergency medicine   1989.0 
discovery of multiple-level association from large database j han   y fu proceedings of 1995 international conference on very large & hellip ;    
integrating temporal   real-time   and active databases k ramamritham   r sivasankaran   ja stankovic   dt sigmod record   1996.0 
airway compromise and delayed death following attempted central vein injection of propylhexedrine j perez   bt burton   jg mcgirr journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
solution of the equation ax + xb = c rh bartels   gw stewart comm . acm    
efficient prolog access to codaysl and fdm databases pmd gray proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1985.0 
complexity and the social w medd   
microcomputer-based control and simulation of an advanced interior permanent magnet ( 1pm ) bk bose   pm szczesny i ieee  
multispectral-based color reproduction research at the munsell color science laboratory   electronic rs berns   fh imai   pd burns   dy tzeng  1998.0 
lectin binding to rat spermatogenic cells : effects of different fixation methods and proteolytic r malmi   ko sã ¶ derstrã ¶ m the histochemical journal   1988.0 
maintenance of mobile system ambients using a process calculus t ando   k takahashi   y kato   n shiratori computer networks   2000.0 
progressive coding of 3-d graphic models j li   ccj kuo proceedings-ieee   1998.0 
i 'm blogging this '' : a closer look at why people blog ba nardi   dj schiano   m gumbrecht   l swartz   
fractals in science a bunde   s havlin  1995.0 
theory of molecular fluids ( clarendon   oxford   1984 ) cg gray   ke gubbins vol .  
a solution for midband aj dickie   jh mackenzie bt technology journal   1998.0 
optimizing etl processes in data warehouses a simitsis   p vassiliadis   t sellis proc . of the 21st intâ ?? l conf . on data engineering ( icde )   2005.0 
real-time communication in cim systems using fddi p werahera   a jayasumana as international conference on technical  
possible detection of colliding plasmoids in the tail of comet kohoutek ( 1973f ) rg roosen   jc brandt study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 
oral sumatriptan for acute migraine dc mccrory   rn gray cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
human perception of air movement g zhou technical university of denmark    
re-engineering repercussionsâ ?? â ?? j king computerworld    
fractals and disordered systems a bunde   s havlin  1996.0 
dblearn : a system prototype for knowledge discovery in relational databases - group of 7 & raquo ; j han   y fu   y huang   y cai   n cercone proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1994.0 
prototyping dbs3   a shared memory parallel database system b bjã ¶ rn   c michel   v patrick & hellip ; conference on parallel and distributed information systems & hellip ;    
phylogenetic inference program ( phylip ) manual   ver . 3.5 j felsenstein university of washington   seattle    
testing flow graph reducibility r tarjan proceedings of the fifth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;   1973.0 
geominer : a system prototype for spatial mining k koperski   j han proceedings acm-sigmod   arizona    
delay reduction using simulated annealing jd pincus   am despain proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
xeve : an esterel verification environment a bouali lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
evaluating synchronization on shared address space multiprocessors : methodology and performance s kumar   d jiang   r chandra   jp singh proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;   1999.0 
estimation of organotin compound partition into phosphatidylcholine bilayers with a ph sensitive m langner   h kleszczynska cellular and molecular biology letters   1997.0 
combinatorial enumeration of groups   graphs   and chemical compounds g polya   rc read  1987.0 
sumd ds mok . 1989 . '' predictin8 the performance of a computer system with complex priority queues ' st becket proceedings of the international conference on management  
internal camera calibration using rotative and geometric shapes gp stela  1993.0 
advanced macroeconomics d romer   
and macro international inc. zimbabwe demographic and health survey   1994 . central statistical cs office md    
elimination of spectral interferences using zeeman effect background correction fj fernandez   r giddings at spectrosc    
craze yielding and stressâ ?? strain characteristics of crazes in polystyrene j hoare   d hull phil . mag    
stressful life events   personality   and health : an inquiry into hardiness sc kobasa  1979.0 
the complexity of logic-based abduction t eiter   g gottlob lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 
managing financial time series data : object-relational and object database systems l molesky   m caruso tutorial vldb  
author index with titles gg barnafoldi   g papp   p levai   g fai   ls barnby   j. phys . g : nucl . part . phys   2004.0 
application of matrix methods to the solution of travelling-wave phenomena in polyphase systems lm wedepohl proc . iee    
molecule-oriented programming in java ja bergstra information & software technology   2002.0 
ã?induced bond cleavage reactions in some sulfonium salts derivativesâº : fd saeva in advances in ipe transfer c ) er gaillard   dg whitten   acc . chem . res . 1996   29    
coloured petri nets : a high level language for system design and analysis . advances in petri nets k jensen lecture notes in computer science    
aquery : query language for ordered data   optimization techniques   and experiments a lerner   d shasha proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
polymorphism is set theoretic   constructively am pitts lecture notes in computer science   1987.0 
computer forensics : high-tech law enforcement l garber   
functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) of the spinal cord : a methodological study jcw brooks   m robson   p schweinhardt   r wise   i proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the american pain & hellip ;    
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals ikc faloutsos proceedings international conference on very large data & hellip ;   1994.0 
life in the fast lane md stone pc magazine   1993.0 
improving performance with bulk-inserts in oracle r-trees n an   s ravada vldb   2003.0 
system r : relational approach to database management kp eswaran   jn gray   pp griffiths   wf king   ra acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
data manager for evolvable real-time command and control systems e hughes   r ginis   b thuraisingham   p krupp   j proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
dehydrogenases in the same cell pj stoward   y nakae histochemical journal   1988.0 
flexible information retrieval through likelog f arcelli   f formato proc . of acm  
answering complex sql queries using automatic summary tables m zaharioudakis   r cochrane   g lapis   h pirahesh   proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2000.0 
record-boundary discovery in web-documents l moorn proc of the 1999 acm sigmod   philadelphia   pennsylvania   usa    
polym . gels : fundam . biomed r kishi   m hara   k sawahata   y osada appl.   [ proc . int . symp . ]    
revisiting parallel multi-join query processing via hashing b liu   ea rundensteiner proceedings of  
understanding the connectivity of heap objects m hirzel   j henkel   a diwan   m hind   
handbook of proteolytic enzymes b turk   i dolenc   v turk   aj barrett   nd rawlings    1998.0 
production of acids by anaerobic fermentation . pn hobson   wg reid   vk sharma & hellip ; of research and demonstration projects . elsevier applied & hellip ;   1987.0 
keeping presidents fully alive . ek fretwellâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   1988.0 
webcast : an unusual cgi scripting language bk moritz proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
a performance study of bistro   a scalable wide-area upload architecture wc cheng   cf chou   l golubchik   s khuller submitted for  
key note address l zadeh proceedings of the 2 ndnew zealand international t wo-stream & hellip ;    
disjunctive normal forms and local exceptions e beffara   v danos   
metamagnetism in the perovskite compound gd   comno a marsh   cc clark phil . mag    
steroids for treating tuberculous meningitis k prasad   j volmink   gr menon cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
multimediaminer : a system prototype for multimedia data mining or zaiane   j han   zn li   sh chee   j chiang proc . acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data   1998.0 
path queries on compressed xml pbmgc koch  2003.0 
homotopy method for the eigenvalue problem for partial differential equations sh lui   gh golub   
a jpeg codec adaptive to region importance j zhao   y shimazu   k ohta   r hayasaka   y proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
s. query processing for distributed databases using generalized semi-joins in proceedings of the y rambayashi   a yoshikawa   j ya acm transactions on database systems    
distance learning and service-learning in the accelerated format em burton new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
self-climb of dislocation loops in magnesium oxide j narayan   j washburn phil . mag    
conscious and unconscious ethnocentrism : revisiting the ideologies of prejudice wa cunningham   jb nezlek   mr banaji unpublished manuscript    
minimizing communication costs in hierarchically-clustered networks of wireless sensors s bandyopadhyay   ej coyle computer networks   2004.0 
sqlj-part 1 : sql routines using the java programming language . acms anthology sigmod record   1999.0 
probabilistic temporal databases   i : algebra a dekhtyar   r ross   vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems   2001.0 
the index of community involvement n raynes   r sumpton   c pettipher unpublished manuscript    
on the spatial motion of a rigid body with point contact cs cai   b roth   
on the complexity of equivalence between recursive and nonrecursive datalog programs s chaudhuri   my vardi   
solution of the equation ax + xb = c. { comm rh bartels   gw stewart   
redundancy m spatial databases ja orenstem proc acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf on the management of data   & hellip ;    
model-based support for business re-engineering [ j ] s jurabek   tw ling information and software technology    
andx . ju . staggered striping in multimediainformation systems s berson   s ghandeharizadeh   r muntz proc . of acm sigmod   pages79-60   minnesota   usa   june    
the heritability of fluctuating asymmetry and the genetic control of developmental stability m whitlock proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
molecular mechanism of a cross-talk between oestrogen and growth factor signalling pathways s kato   y masuhiro   m watanabe   y kobayashi   k genes to cells   2000.0 
silicon carbide mems for harsh environments m mehregany   ca zorman   n rajah   ch wu proceedings-ieee   1998.0 
weinrib . the datacycle architecture for very high throughput database systems g herman   g gopal   k lee proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;    
towards a multimedia world-wide web information retrieval engine s mukherjea   k hirata   y hara www6 / computer networks   1997.0 
sting : a statistical information grid approach to spatial data mining . in : proc . 23rd int . conf . on w wang  1997.0 
approaches to lexical semantic representation b levin unpublished manuscript    
vulnerability of wireless routing protocols q lu   
humana press p proteins   cbp protocols   p chapter  1994.0 
network cartographer g mansfield   k jayanthi   t ika   k ohta   y nemoto   proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
a generic fault tolerant architecture for real-time dependable systems . 2001 : kluwer academic d powell   
an analysis of rule coverage as a criterion in generating minimal test suites for grammar-based m hennessy   jf power proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
advances in modeling and engineering of long-range dependent traffic m devetsikiotis   nlsd fonseca computer networks   2002.0 
plasma power source based on a catalytic reaction of atomic hydrogen rl mills   p ray   b dhandapani   j dong   s hicks   m   
phylip ( phylogeny inference package ) university of washington j felsenstein seattle   washington    
threonine558 phosphorylation activates f-actin binding of moesin in human platelets f nakamura   l huang   mra amieva   k pestonjamasp    1998.0 
mimo spatial diversity communications-signal processing and channel capacity j sykora radioengineering-prague -   2002.0 
export flux in the western and central equatorial pacific : zonal and temporal variability jp dunne   jw murray   m rodier   da hansell deep-sea research i   2000.0 
alternaria rot of citrus fruit m schiffmann-nadel   j waks   y gutter   e chalutz proc . int . soc . citricult    
characterizing usage of a campus-wide wireless network d kotz   k essien   
aries : a transaction recovery method supporting fine-granularity locking andpartial rollbacksusing c mohan   d haderle   b lindsay   h pirahesh   p acm trans . on database systems    
iridium-catalyzed mizorokiâ ± heck-type reaction of organosilicon reagents t koike   x du   t sanada   y danda   a mori acc . chem . res   1990.0 
support vector machine active learning for image retrieval s tong   e chang   
planning and reduction technique in fracture surgery j mast   r jakob   r ganz  1989.0 
handbook of human vibration academic press mj griffin san diego    
complexity aspects of various semantics for disjunctive databases t eiter   g gottlob   
a formal approach to fault tree synthesis for the analysis of distributed fault tolerant systems ml mckelvin jr   g eirea   c pinello   s kanajan   al proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
automatic verification of parameterized synchronous systems ea emerson   ks namjoshi lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
a framework for using materialized xpath views in xml query processing a balmin   f ozcan   k beyer   r cochrane   h pirahesh proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
asymptotic analysis in fracture   advances in fracture research jr willis proceedings   icf9    
inadequate formalin fixation decreases reliability of p27 kip1 immunohistochemical staining : probing am de marzo   hh fedor   wr gage   ma rubin   
integrating register allocation and instruction scheduling for riscs dg bradlee   sj eggers   rr henry proceedings of the fourth international conference on & hellip ;   1991.0 
from informal requirements to agent-based specification b fields   m harrison   p wright acm sigchi bulletin   1994.0 
returns to education : a further international update and implications g psacharopoulos the journal of human resources   1985.0 
tanet : taiwan academic network ss tseng   ls su   eh chao   
object-oriented query language facilitating construction of new objects r alhajj   me arkun information and software technology   1993.0 
virtuality as a strategic approach for small and medium sized it companies to stay competitive in a p sieber   
policy   regulations and approaches to home-based business in the eastern metropolitan region m horgan  2001.0 
recording advances for neural prosthetics ra andersen   jw burdick   s musallam   h scherberger   
scalable queue-based spin locks with timeout ml scott   
a topology-based matching algorithm for fingerprint authentication . z chen   ch kuo   
aries/im : an e cient & high concurrency index managementmethod using write-ahead logging c mohan   f levine & hellip ; acm sigmod 1992 international conference on management of & hellip ;    
surveying midlife development in the united states og brim   dl featherman unpublished manuscript    
lattice defects in neutron irradiated alpha cu solid solution alloys tj koppenaal   wct yeh   rmj cotterill phil mag   1966.0 
nakagawa . m. ; hino   t i saito   t matsuura acc . chem . res    
databaseprogramminginmachiavelliâ ?? apolymorphiclanguagewithstatictypeinference a ohori   p buneman   v breazu-tannen acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data   pages46â ?? 57    
what can i say ? : evaluating a spoken language interface to email d hindle   g fabbrizio   j fromer   c mestel   m proceedings of acm  
computing queries from derived relations pa larson   hz yang vldb    
on minimizing setups in precedence constrained scheduling wr pulleyblank unpublished manuscript    
alternative fuels : a life cycle analysis mp gover   g hitchcock   dj martin   gt wilkins proc . 26th int . symp . on automotiveâ ¹ echnology and & hellip ;    
laser-produced ion streams useful for technological applications j wolowski   j badziak   fp boody   s gammino   k proc . 28th eclim    
the sanctity of association : the corporation and individualism in american law ls o'melinn san diego law review   2000.0 
aries : a multi-lingualinterpreter for a tool-fragment environment ec epp   sj zeil coins technical report 86-57   university of massachusetts at  
data integration and warehousing in telecom italia s trisolini sigmod conference   1999.0 
significant reduction in the number of fungal infections after lung -   heart-lung   and heart h reichenspurner   p gamberg   m nitschke   h transplantation proceedings   1997.0 
replicated data management in distributed database systems sh son sigmod record   1988.0 
computer-aided prototyping : transformational approach n habra information and software technology   1991.0 
evaluating the performance of software distributed shared memory as a target for parallelizing al cox   s dwarkadas   h lu   
on the accuracy of embeddings for internet coordinate systems ek lua   t griffin   m pias   h zheng   j crowcroft proceedings of acm imc   2005.0 
ventricular flutter in a neonate-severe electrolyte imbalance caused by urinary tract infection in kc thies   k boos   k muller-deile   w ohrdorf   t journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
determinants of thrombin specificity e di cera   am cantwell annals-new york academy of sciences   2001.0 
effects of landslide-dam-break floods on channel morphology : unpublished ms ac johnson  1991.0 
cleavage cracking resistance of high angle grain boundaries in feâ ?? 3 si alloy as argon   y qiao  2002.0 
transform analysis and option pricing for ane jumpdiusions d due   j pan   k singleton technical report   graduate school of business   stanford  
development of an mpd thruster system for epex space test k toki   y shimizu   k kuriki   h suzuki   y kunii proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion  
an multi-targets evaluation approaches to customers credit zf zhou   xw tang proceedings of 2003 international conference on management & hellip ;   2003.0 
fast similarity search in the presence of longitudinal scaling in time series databases ej keogh   
efficient concurrency control for broadcast environments j shanmugasundaram   a nithrakashyap   r sigmod conference   1999.0 
ballantine books m pipher   
an honorable mention project d lerner social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
substructure analysis of complex systems using rigid body information of components ws hwang   dh lee proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2002.0 
sz and tokhi   mo ( 2004a ) . neuro-adaptive vibration suppression of flexible beam structures m hashim proceedings of the 23rd iasted international conference on  
a novel assay for cobalt-albumin binding and its potential as a marker for myocardial ischemia-a d bar-or   e lau   jv winkler journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
a realization of a concurrent object-oriented programming language ch jo   cj lee   j son proc . acm symposium on applied computing    
grobner basis property on elimination ideals in finite group theory ma borges-trenard   h perez-roses   m borges - procs . of the conf.â ?? logic   mathematics and computer  
an improved algorithm for finding a key of a relation s kundu proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
enhancing organisational creativity : the process of perpetual challenging c andriopoulos   a lowe management decision   2000.0 
efficacy and safety of d-sotalol   a pure class iii antiarrhythmic compound   in patients with s hohnloser   t meinertz   p stubbs journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
password authentication using public-key encryption ty hwang proc . int . carnahan conf . security  
implications of classical scheduling results for real-time systems ja stankovic   
mood and the mundane : relations between daily life events and self-reported mood la clark   d watson journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
keynote address to the acm history of programming languages ~ conference gm hopper history of programming languages . academic press   new york    
soil water repellency mg wallis   dj horne advances in soil science-new york -   1992.0 
traps-classifiers of temporal patterns h hermansky   s sharma   
monadic state : axiomatization and type safety . in the acm sigplan international conference on j launchbury   a sabry acm press   new  
on the optimality of disk allocation for cartesian product files ( extended abstract ) kas abdel-ghaffar   
collaborative multimedia : getting beyond the obvious b nardi   s bly   e isaacs   sx wei   s whittaker proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
the complexity of transformation-based join enumeration a pellenkoft1t2   ca galindo-legaria   m kersten   
a shifted-averaging vco with precise multiphase outputs and low jitter operation hh chang   sp chen   si liu   
vr ; agrawal   d. ; singh   ak dimensionality reduction for similarity searching in dynamic databases k kanth international conference on management of  
equity financing : research partnerships . mb goldstein new directions for higher education   1987.0 
on the implementation of a simple class of logic queries for databases d saccã proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
a compiled implementation of strong reduction b gregoire   x leroy   
andr . king . intelligentdatabasecachingthroughthe use ofpage-answers and page-traces n kamel acm transactions on database systems    
the life history and ecology of the longfin smelt in lake washington rl dryfoos  1965.0 
simple rational guidelines for chopping up transactions d shasha   e simon   p vlduriez proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of data (  
oo   what 's happening to db2 ? m carey   d chamberlin proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . management of data   1999.0 
integrity constraints checking in deductive databases vldb.org vldb   1991.0 
experience of management transfer to users in nepal j rana   rp satyal   sp rajbhandari   kr sharma   dj international conference on irrigation management transfer    
the diamond mines of panna state in central india kp sinor  1930.0 
a focus theory of normative conduct : recycling the concept of norms to reduce littering in public rb cialdini   rr reno   ca kallgren journal of personality and social psychology    
on similarity-based queries for time series data d rafiei   
panel : real-time databases k ramamritham proc . of the 17th intl. vldb conf.   barcelona   september    
natural resource accounting : a framework for india ks parikh  1993.0 
humanature . austin : university of texas press   1996 p goin   
hydrogels for biomedical applications as hoffman annals-new york academy of sciences   2001.0 
k   shim   fast similarity search in the presence of noise   scaling and translation in time series r agrawal   ki lin   hs sawhney proceedings of the 21 vldb  
a behavioral model of consumer spatial decision making m cadwallader economic geography   1975.0 
elimination of artifacts due to glutaraldehyde fixation in the histochemical detection of glucose s demignot   d domurado the histochemical journal   1988.0 
an architecture for wide-area multicast routing sddfv jacobson   c lui   l wei conference proceedings of acm  
fast   randomized join-order selection-why use transformations ? c galindo-legaria   a pellenkoft   ml kersten vldb   1994.0 
constructingsuperviews amp buneman & hellip ; conference on management of data   acm   new york    
characterizing web usage regularities with information foraging agents j liu   s zhang   j yang ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
multi-spectral-based color reproduction research at the munsell color science laboratory rs berns   fh imai   pd burns   dy tzeng   
what is the sound of a headache ? using digital media to represent inner experiences l penberthy   j bolter proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
a survey and critique of advanced transaction models c mohan proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1994.0 
zork : a computerized fantasy simulation game pd lebling   ms blank   
conformance analysis in networks with service level agreements y liu   ck tham   y jiang   y liu   ck tham   y jiang computer networks   2005.0 
speculative multiprocessor cache line actions using instruction and line history dm koppelman   
randomized join order selection-why use transformations c galindo-legaria   a pellenkoft   m kersten the international conference on very large data bases    
designing relational database systems r riordan  1999.0 
advanced animation and rendering techniques a watt   m watt acm press   new york  
visualizing class structure of multidimensional data   1998 is dhillon   ds modha   ws spangler ibm almaden research center   san jose    
on the highest wave of permanent type j mccowan phil . mag    
an entropy formula for time-varying discrete-time control problems pa iglesias proc . 28th conf . on information sciences and  
on the adaptive significance of stress-induced immunosuppression l raberg   m grahn   d hasselquist   e svensson proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0 
on the throughput of 802.11 b networks for voip s garg   m kappes submitted for  
the structure and complexity of nash equilibria for a selfish routing game d fotakis   s kontogiannis   e koutsoupias   m lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
heat transfer augmentation by combination of jet flow with wake flow k kataoka   n ohmura   s hamano proc 28th national heat transfer symposium of japan    
parameterized complexity for the skeptic r downey   
per _ ake larson   and frank wm. tompa . \ \ efficiently updating materialized views ja blakeley proc . of the acm sigmod  
critical questions about multicultural big books in the early childhood classroom . pull-out feature . eh rowell social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
performance engineering of group communication protocols rk budhia   
a retrieval technique for similarity shapes hv jagadish proc . 1991 acmsigmod int . conf . management of  
back to eden   5th edn . ( 1939 ) j kloss reprinted by lifeline books   santa barbara   california ( 1975  
lexequal : supporting multilexical queries in sql a kumaran   jr haritsa data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
segmentation du son en se basant sur la distance de kullback leibler h harb   l chen   jy auloge proceedings of the 7ã ¨ mes journã © es d &#39; ã?tudes et d &#39; ã?changes & hellip ;    
fast similarity search in presence of noise   scaling   and translation in time-series database . in : r agrawal   ki lin   ss harpreet  1995.0 
activation of apoptosis d uring the reperfusion phase after rat liver ischemia h sasaki   t matsuno   n tanaka   k orita transplantation proceedings   1996.0 
the priority r-tree : a practically efficient and worst-case optimal r-tree l arge   m de berg   hj haverkort   k yi proc . sigmod international conference on management of data   2004.0 
hilbert r-tree fractals i kamel   c faloutsos proc . of vldb conference . santiago   chile   september    
channel-aware schedulers for voip and mpeg-4 based on channel prediction acc aguiar   c hoene   j klaue   h karl   a wolisz   h at momuc    
functional analysis of the c-terminal flanking sequence of platelet glycoprotein ibalpha using y shen   j dong   gm romo   w arceneaux   a aprico   ee blood-new york -   2002.0 
coordinating for success : trading information redundancy for task simplicity k carley   
desirable versus undesirable life events : their relationship to stress and mental distress a vinokur   ml selzer journal of personality and social psychology   1975.0 
ultraviolet sexual dimorphism and assortative mating in blue tits s andersson   j ornborg   m andersson proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0 
noise and the reality gap : the use of simulation in evolutionary robotics n jakobi   p husbands   i harvey lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
a type system equivalent to flow analysis . in 22 ndacm symposium on principles of programming j palsberg   poâ ?? keefe  1995.0 
a host computer system for software development pn gray proc . 1974 acm national  
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals k ibrahim   c faloutsos proceedings of the 20th conference on very large data bases    
classification of modality function and its application to japanese language analysis s naito   a shimazu   h nomura proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ;   1985.0 
phylogeny inference package ( phylip ) 3.4 j felsenstein university of washington   seattle    
three models for the homotopy theory of homotopy theories   preprint available at math je bergner   
special issue on real-time database systems a bestavros sigmod record    
a black critique of the internal revenue code bi moran   w whitford wisconsin law review   1996.0 
an efficient method for checking object-oriented database schema correctness a formica   hd groger   m missikoff acm transactions on database systems   1998.0 
fully persistent b + - trees s lanka   
facilitating a faculty learning community using the decoding the disciplines model j middendorf new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
highly specific insulin assay reveals uniform insulin deficiency in non-insulin-dependent diabetics rc temple   ca carrington   sd luzio   dr owens   ae lancet i    
concurrent programming : the java programming language sj hartley  1998.0 
expressive power and complexity of disjunctive datalog t eiter   g gottlob   h mannila proceedings of workshop on logic programming with incomplete & hellip ;    
dlv : a disjunctive datalog system n leoneâ ? ¦   
using credit scoring to improve the quality of consumer receivables : legal and statistical gg chandler   jy coffman & hellip ; management association meetings   seattle   washington    
minimizing maximum response time in scheduling broadcasts y bartal   s muthukrishnan proc annu acm siam symp discrete algorithms   2000.0 
loose synchronization of event-triggered networks for distribution of synchronous programs j romberg   a bauer proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 
power optimization of system-level address buses based on software profiling w fornaciari   m polentarutti   d sciuto   c silvano   
essentials of error-control coding techniques h imai   
synthesizing third normal form relations from functional dependencies pa bernstein acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
implementation plan for the environmental monitoring and assessment program sc schimmel & hellip ; coastal demonstration project . narragansett contribution no    
recursion vs. replication in simple cryptographic protocols h huttel   j srba submitted for publication   2004.0 
environment and quality of life : social representations of the term â ?? â ?? environment.â ?? â ?? k koskinas   s papastamou   s mantoglou   g athens   greece : greek letters ( in greek )    
expression and the nature of emotion p ekman approaches to emotion   1984.0 
two mechanisms in the action of repressor ef1 : binding site competition with an activator and r sekido   k murai   y kamachi   h kondoh genes to cells   1997.0 
environmental equity in urban texas : race   income   and patterns of acute and chronic toxic air jp tiefenbacher urban geography   1999.0 
a new role for deans in computing . gr kissler new directions for higher education   1988.0 
multistrategy ensemble learning : reducing error by combining ensemble learning techniques z zheng ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
functional dependencies in logic programming ao mendelzon proceedings of international acm conference on very large & hellip ;    
et alli . latent semantic indexing : a probabilistic analysis ch papadimitriou & hellip ; - sigart international conference on management of data and & hellip ;    
environmental adult education : critique and creativity in a globalizing world de clover new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
relation between the elastic moduli and the plastic properties of polycrystalline pure metals sf pugh phil . mag    
the conversational classroom proceeding of the 34th technical symposium on computer science w waite   m jackson   a diwan  2003.0 
piperench : an architecture and compiler for reconfigurable computing s goldstein   h schmit   m budiu   s cadambi   m moe   ieee computer    
prediction and evaluation methods for road traffic noise in built-up areas   inter-noise k uesaka   h ohnishi   t chiba   k takagi proc . of 29th international congress and exhibition on noise & hellip ;    
the diversity of diversity : a critique of geodemographic classification d voas   p williamson area   2001.0 
dmql : a data mining query language for relational databases j han   y fu   w wang   k koperski   o zaiane   
experimental evaluation of real-time optimistic concurrency control schemes j huang   ja stankovic   k ramamritham   df towsley vldb   1991.0 
the berkeley continuous media toolkit bc smith   la rowe   ja konstan   kd patel proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
space-bounded foies g dong   j su   
keynote address m lehman proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer - & hellip ;    
gridsec : grid security enforcement with trust integration over minimal vpn tunnels k hwang   s song   j lv   
a new control structure for transformation-based generators tj biggerstaff lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
the usability life cycle j nielsen   
flowering plants of the san benitos islands   baja california   mexico sa junak   r philbrick proceedings of the fifth california islands symposium   2000.0 
van arbeidsgehandicapten   maart 1998   æ ? 31   -- gr jehoel-gijsbers   
advances in space research j yokogawa   m sakano   k koyama   s yamauchi  1998.0 
a geometric-resilient image hashing system and its application scalability cy hsu   cs lu proc . acm multimedia and security  
a real-time interactive multi-view video system jg lou   h cai   j li proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
advances in real-time database systems research sigmod record   1996 sigmod record   1996.0 
wavecluster : a wavelet-based clustering approach for spatial data in very large databases g sheikholeslami   s chatterjee   a zhang the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
integrity constraint in deductive databases ra kowalski   f sadri   p soper proceedings of the 13th vldb conference   brighton  
survey finds companies lack e-commerce blueprint k melymuka computerworld    
a requirement-based approach to data modeling and re-engineering ah muntz   ct ramiller proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
a bounds inference method for vector-based memoization wn chin   m hagiya proceedings of the second acm sigplan international & hellip ;   1997.0 
stochastic models for telecom commodity prices c kenyon   g cheliotis computer networks   2001.0 
economics and sociology : the prospects for an interdisciplinary discourse on law kg dau-schmidt wisconsin law review   1997.0 
support for relaxed currency and consistency constraints in mtcache h guo   pa larson   r ramakrishnan   j goldstein proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   2004.0 
a.   & benkovic   sj ( 1988 ) t dix acc . chem .  
ebb-flood channel systems in sandy bays and estuaries ahw robinson geography    
the proteasome : a protein-destroying machine k tanaka   t chiba genes to cells   1998.0 
advances in converse and control lyapuno functions cm kellet  2002.0 
characteristics of randomly connected threshold-element networks and network systems si amari proc . ieee    
brain abscess in patients with hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia : case report and literature sl dong   sf reynolds   ip steiner journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
minocycline for acne vulgaris : efficacy and safety se garner   ea eady   c popescu   j newton   a li wan cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
the corona problem and the angles between invariant subspaces vi vasyunin algebra i analiz    
optimal routing in systems with ilr service time distributions d towsley   pd sparaggis  1993.0 
chordality properties on graphs and minimal conceptual connections in semantic data models g ausiello   ad ` atri   m moscarini proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
developmental roles and molecular characterization of a drosophila homologue of arabidopsis y kataoka   m takeichi   t uemura genes to cells   2001.0 
603 or 604 two semesters of cegep courses   including four of the following : biology 101   chemistry q english   
the passing of traditional society d lerner new york    
a metrics system for quantifying operational coupling in embedded computer control systems d chen   m tã ¶ rngren proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 
a highly linear cmos transconductor based on a current conveyor d python   cc enz procs  
etal.   â ?? a space based model for user interaction in shared synthetic environment   â ?? le fahlen proc . acm chi    
1/f noise ms keshner  1982.0 
advances in laboratory testing to quantitatively describe sediment-water interactions jm brannon   te myers water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
staggered striping in multimedia information systems rr muntz   x ju acm sigmod    
model selection and inference : a practical information-theoretic approach : springer-verlag kp burnham   dr anderson new york    
metabolism of vasopressin l share   t kimura   k matsui   re shade   jt crofton fed proc   1985.0 
version modehng concepts for computer-aided destgn databases r katz   e chang   r bhateja acm sigmod    
efficient locking for shared memory database systems ld molesky   k ramamritham  1994.0 
an approach to integrating and creating flexible software environments supporting the design of kl bellman   
campaign address computer ethics â ?? voidâ ?? m betts computerworld    
applications of parametric searching in geometric [ 4 ] hv jagadish . a retrieval technique for similar pk agarwa   m sharir   s toledo proc . of the acm sigmod  
modular acyclicity and tail recursion in logic programs ka ross proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1991.0 
case study of risk management   incremental development and evolutionary prototyping g tate   j verner information and software technology   1990.0 
stankovic . on real-time transactions a john  1988.0 
mosaico-a system for conceptual modeling and rapid prototyping of object-oriented database m missikoff   m toiati sigmod conference   1994.0 
technology demonstration plan cm reynolds field demonstration of rhizosphere-enhanced treatment of & hellip ;    
el plan azul : el futuro de la cuenca mediterranea m grenon   m batisse  1988.0 
e cienttransient simulation of lossy interconnect jsrdo pederson proc . 28th acm/ieee dac   jun    
a theory of the plastic distortion of a polycrystalline aggregate under combined stresses jfw bishop   r hill phil . mag    
fourth international conference on infrared physics ( cirp 4 ) fk kneubuhl   ts moss zurich   switzerland   22-26 aug. 1988   1988.0 
a monte-carlo simulation of reproduction jc barrett see ref    
housing the worker : the employment linkage as a force in urban structure je vance jr economic geography   1966.0 
ballantine books m thompson   
record-boundary discovery in web documents y jiang  1998.0 
packet service in umts : delay-throughput performance of the downlink shared channel f borgonovo   a capone   m cesana   l fratta computer networks   2002.0 
advances in telephony-based speech recognition m pawlewski bt technology journal   1996.0 
translational diffusion of organic radicals in solution m terazima acc . chem . res    
a consideration on normal form of not-necessarily-normalized relation in the relational data model a makinouchi vldb   1977.0 
interactions between trace metals and aquatic organisms : a critique of the free-ion activity model pgc campbell metal speciation and bioavailability in aquatic systems   1995.0 
designing an ultra highly available dbms o torbjornsen   s bratsberg proceedings of acmsigmod conference   dallas   tx   may    
runoff and sediment transport in an arid zone drainage basin kd sharma  1992.0 
robby   and h. zheng . tool-supported program abstraction for finite-state verification m dwyer   j hatcliff   r joehanes   s laubach   c proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software  
exploiting prescriptive aspects : a design time capability ja stankovic   p nagaraddi   z yu   z he   b ellis proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 
model selection and inference : a practical information-theoretic approach kp burnham   dr anderson  1998.0 
register renaming and dynamic speculation : an alternate approach m moudgill   k pingali   s vassiliadis proc . 26th intâ ?? l symp . on microarchitecture    
planning appropriate cervical cancer control programs . c herdman   j sherris seattle   washington : path  
model and verification of a data manager based on aries d kuo acm transactions on database systems   1996.0 
symmetric hilbert spaces and related topics a guichardet   
scaling global internet networks a howcroft bt technology journal   2000.0 
effective reformulations for task allocation in distributed systems with a large number of s menon knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on   2004.0 
andk . shim . fastsimilarity search in the presence of noise   scaling and translation in time-series r agrawal   ki lin   hs sawney proc . of  
characterizing the applicability of classification algorithms using meta-level learning p brazdil   j gama   b henery lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
the a-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional spaces using relative approximation y sakurai   m yoshikawa   s uemura   h kojima vldb   2000.0 
kut : informal rotating credit in malaysia s ghazali area    
larger than life : itâ ?? s so nonlinear km evans university of wisconsin    
theory of classification : a survey of recent advances s boucheron   o bousquet   g lugosi   
nature over nurture : temperament personality   and life span development rr mccrae   pt costa   f ostendorf   a angleitner   m journal of personality and social psychology   2000.0 
programming windows 3.1   microsoft press books - c petzold   
kamath m   ramamritham k   towsley d ( 1994 ) buffer management for continuous media sharing in m kamath technical report 94-11 . university of massachusetts   amherst    
author : brooks pc pc brooks proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2002.0 
factorizing complex predicates in queries to exploit indexes s chaudhuri   p ganesan   s sarawagi sigmod conference   2003.0 
the clustra telecom database s hvasshovdâ ? ¦  1995.0 
aries/lm : an efficient and high concurrency index management method using write-ahead logging c mohan   f levine proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1992.0 
handling fuzzy priority rules in a job-shop scheduling system g bel   e bensana   d dubois   jl koning 3rd ifsa   seattle   washington   usa . august    
162 si architekten-verein   sia betonbauten zurich   switzerland    
integration approaches for cim mc norrie   
implicationsof classical scheduling results for realtimesystems k ramamritham   ja stankovic ieee  
shared resource multiprocessing mj flynn   a podvin ieee computer    
image filter design with evolvable hardware l sekanina lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
situations in life to support the use and modelling of municipal information systems wg bleek   
how to build a highly available system using consensus bw lampson lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
a retargetable compiler for ansi c cw fraser acm sigplan notices   1991.0 
techniques for software renovation mb si  1998.0 
â ?? an optimal theory of concurrency control for databases ht kung   ch papadimitriou proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha induces cell cycle arrest of endothelial cells t iida   s mine   h fujimoto   k suzuki   y minami   y genes to cells   2002.0 
applications of the java programming language to database management bf burton   vw marek sigmod record   1998.0 
modeling tcp throughput : a simple model and its empirical validation   computer communication review j padhyeâ ? ¦ proc acm gicjcomm    
addressing and routing in hexagonal networks with applications for location update and connection fg nocetti   i stojmenovic   j zhang submitted for  
b-hydroxy - / - methylglutaric aciduria presenting as reye syndrome jv leonard   jwt seakins   nk griffin lancet i    
improvisational synthetic actors with flexible personalities . knowledge systems laboratory d rousseau   b hayes-roth stanford university   1997 . technical report  
technology demonstration   implementation plan cm reynolds field demonstration of rhizosphere-enhanced treatment of & hellip ;    
autoepistemic logic w marek   m truszczyå?ski journal of the acm ( jacm )   1991.0 
making the reading   writing   social studies connection . k jorgensen-esmaili social studies and the young learner   1990.0 
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals   in `` proceedings 20th international conference on i kamel   c faloutsos   
representations underlying transitive choice in humans and other primates jj bryson   jcs leong   
central nervous system involvement in childhood brucellosis h caksen   d odabas   s arslan   af oner journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
minimizing the i/o-operations for undo-logging in database systems a reuter very large data bases   1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ;   1979.0 
hypothetical surveys and real economic commitments hr neill   rg cummings   pt ganderton   gw harrison   land economics   1994.0 
quantifier elimination for the elementary theory of real closed fields by cylindrical algebraic ge collins lecture notes in computer science    
s. lam . adaptive ratecontrolled scheduling for multimedia applications d yau proc . acm  
the hamline plan : mentoring   modeling   and monitoring the practical liberal arts fg davenport new directions for higher education   2004.0 
stress hormones   proinflammatory and antiinflammatory cytokines   and autoimmunity ij elenkov   gp chrousos annals-new york academy of sciences   2002.0 
classes of hypergraphs with sum number one hm teichert   
october 2   2002   water manager   kettle falls water department   kettle falls   washington   telephone j gassaway ecology and environment   inc.   seattle    
social factors of adjudicated juvenile offenders in texas cjp council   
the blue plan : the future of the mediterranean basin m grenon   m batisse  1988.0 
rf cavities for the positron accumulator ring of the advanced photon source y kangâ ? ¦ procs . of the 1995 particle accelerator conf.   dallas texas    
a multi-state survey of videotaping practices for major trauma resuscitations1 dg ellis   eb lerner   dvk jehle   k romano   c journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
digital to analog quantization noise a clawson technical report   space system laboratory   massachusetts  
wavecluster : a wavelet based clustering approach for spatial data g sheikholeslamiâ ? ¦ vldb journal    
pricing internet services : approaches and challenges lw mcknight   j boroumand   
transmission and display of information for time-critical decisions e horvitz technical report msr-tr-95-13   microsoft research   february  
transcription of broadcast news-some recent improvements to ibm 's lvcsr system   international l polymenakos   p olsen   d kanevsky   ra gopinath    1998.0 
advanced materials ml sham   jk kim   js wu  1999.0 
the alternating fixpoint of logic programs with negation a van gelder proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1989.0 
an informal approach to formal specifications al furtado sigmod record   1984.0 
non-specification-based approaches to logic testing for software n kobayashi   t tsuchiya   t kikuno   
the determination of device noise parameters rq lane proc . ieee    
springnet : a scalable architecture for high performance   predictable   distributed   real-time j stankovic of massachusetts   technical report   91-74   october  
andm . l. kersten . fast   randomized join-order selection why use transformations ca galindo-legaria   a pellenkoft proc . of the int &#39; l. conf . on very large data  
subhalf micron lithography system with phase shifting effect m noguchi   m muraki   y iwasaki   a suzuki proc . spie   1992.0 
ear drops for the removal of ear wax mj burton   cj doree cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
energetic formulations from nanosize metal powders f tepper   g ivanov   m lerner   v davidovich proc . int . pyrotech . seminars    
chloramphenicol-resistant salmonella typhi vi phage type a isolated from a patient in bangladesh mi huq   ar samadi lancet    
a multi-resolution relational data model rl read   ds fussell   a silberschatz   
kameyamam . asynchronousmultiple-valued vlsi system based on dual rail currentmode differential logic t hanyu   t saito proc 28th ieee ismvl    
reversal of female mate choice by copying in the guppy ( poecilia reticulata ) la dugatkin   jgj godin proceedings : biological sciences   1992.0 
integer and fractional packings of hypergraphs v rodl   m schacht   m siggers   n tokushige   
the effects of involvement on responses to argument quantity and quality : central and peripheral re petty   jt cacioppo journal of personality and social psychology    
education for computer professionals dl parnas ieee computer    
development of a liver respiratory motion simulator to investigate magnetic tracking for abdominal kr cleary   f banovac   e levy   d tanaka proc . spie   2002.0 
the l-index : an indexing structure for efficient subsequence matching in time sequence databases y morinaka   m yoshikawa   t amagasa   s uemura   
time bounded random access machines sa cook   ra reckhow proceedings of the fourth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;   1972.0 
developing and applying useful financial indicators . df finn new directions for higher education   1979.0 
a flexible new technique for camera calibration [ r ] . microsoft research z zhang microsoft corporation   technical report msr-tr-98-71   march  
the occupational role of the evaluation research manager ra dentler new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 
automatic apparatus vision 87 88 thomas 47 . carter   db hr blackwell   bs prltchard   jg ohmart a further demonstration of phi movement cerebral dominance   '' & hellip ;    
a note on minimal covers j atkins sigmod record   1988.0 
rupture of a previously normal spleen in association with enoxaparin : an unusual cause of shock md burg   jj dallara journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
what in the world is the matter with systems thinking ? a critique of modern systems theory and the la fitzgerald readings of the sts roundtable   seattle   washington   october    
efficiellt concurrency control for broadcast environmqmts univ j shanmugasundaramâ ? ¦ of massachusetts technical report  
gene functional analysis from heterogeneous data p pavlidis   j weston   j cai   wn grundy submitted for publication    
swallow tail streamer is a mechanical device for self deflection of tail leading edge   enhancing ra norberg proceedings : biological sciences   1994.0 
3d tv : a scalable system for real-time acquisition   transmission   and autostereoscopic display of w matusik   h pfister proc . of acm siggraph  
maximum-likelihood blind equalization m ghosh   cl weber proc . spie   1991.0 
object-oriented modelling of hyperstructure : overcoming the static link deficiency h maurer   n scherbakov   k andrews   p srinivasan information and software technology    
knowledge discov-ery in databases : an attribute oriented approach   proc j han   y cat   n cercone vldb  
adding disjunction to datalog t eiter   g gottlob   h mannila   
her life and chants a estrada   m sabina santa barbara   california : ross-erikson    
in re . the personal restraint of andre bringham young and vance cunningham   brief of amicus curiae d summers seattle   washington state psychiatric association    
equivalence of views by query capacity ct connors proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
intelligent database caching through the use of page-answers and page-traces n kamel   r king acm transactions on database systems   1992.0 
dpf : fast   flexible packet demultiplexing dr engler   mf kaashoek proceedings of acm  
maier . rapidbushyjoin-orderoptimizationwithcartesian products b vanceandd inproceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
oo   what have they done to db2 ? mj carey   dd chamberlin   s narayanan   b vance   d proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;   1999.0 
consumer commission ( accc ) 2003 a competition report to  
daniel gruhl   spiros   papadimitriou r agrawal   rj bayardo jr computer networks    
an adaptive distributed airborne tracking system r clark   ed jensen   a kanevsky   j maurer   p lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
design of a multi-sender 3d videoconferencing application over an end system multicast protocol m hosseini   nd georganas proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
fast similarity search in the presence of noise r agrawal   ki lin   hs sawhney   k shim scaling   and translation in time-series databases   âº very & hellip ;    
requirements engineering : making the connection between the software developer and customer h saiedian   r dale information & software technology   2000.0 
binding of eorticosteroids by plasma proteins wh daughaday vi . the electrophoretic demonstration of corticosteroid  
u > recursive data structures < / u > car hoare stanford university computer science department technical  
emotions : a general psychoevolutionary theory r plutchik approaches to emotion   1984.0 
the population ecology of the limpets : lottia gigantea ( gray ) and several species of acmaea ( js stimson  1968.0 
analysis of multi-link flexible manipulators via asymptotic expansions f khorrami   
a fractional delay application : time-varying propagation speed in waveguides s tassart   r msallam   p depalle   s dequidt proc . int . computer music conf    
leviathan . london   england : penguin books t hobbes  1985.0 
would i rather fight than switch ? : consumer regret following switch versus repeat decisions in j inman   m zeelenberg unpublished manuscript    
using plan recognition in human-computer collaboration n lesh   c rich   cl sidner courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ;   1999.0 
computer technology forecast for virtual observatories j gray   
discovery of interesting association rules from livelink web log data x huang   a an   n cercone   g promhouse   
distributedcasesforcase-basedreasoning : facilitating use of multiple cases ma redmond procs aaai    
on defining proofs of knowledge   advances in cryptologyâ ?? proceedings cryptoâ ?? 92 m bellare   o goldreich lecture notes in computer  
negative ions and behavior : impact on mood   memory   and aggression among type a and type b persons ra baron   gw russell   rl arms journal of personality and social psychology   1985.0 
modeling and distributed simulation of broadband-isdnetwork on a network of sun workstations a chai   s ghosh ieee computer    
priority search trees and dynamic router-tables h lu   s sahni   
traversal recursion : a practical approach to suouortinz recursive auulications . a ro & thalâ ? ¦ acm sigmod    
advanced metallization conference ( amc ) s menzel   s strehle   m herrmann   h schlã ¶ rb   h san diego    
office blogger b erol   jj hull proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
parameterized complexity for the database theorist m grohe sigmod record   2002.0 
the effect of nacl and licl on vasopressin-sensitive adenyl cyclase . t dousa   o hechter life sci i   1970.0 
critical two-point functions for nearest-neighbour high-dimensional self-avoiding walk and t hara unpublished manuscript    
minimizing the pain of local infiltration anesthesia for wounds by injection into the wound edges am kelly   m cohen   d richards journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
high resolution aerodynamic analysis of full helicopter configurations sg voutsinas   dg triantos european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
molecular recognition in lamellar solids and thin films i reactions acc . chem . res   1998.0 
states of knowledge in cryptographic protocols mj merritt   pl wolper unpublished manuscript    
view-based query processing for regular path queries with inverse d calvanese   g de giacomo   m lenzerini   my vardi   
y. vardi   rewriting of regular expressions and regular path queries d calvanese   g degiacomo   m lenzeriniandm proc . of the 18th acm sigact sigmod sigart symp . on  
the ecobase environmental information system : applications   architecture and open issues a tanaka   p valduriezâ ? ¦ acm sigmod record    
isolated uvular angioedema associated with ace inhibitor use dc kuo   ra barish journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
a typology of deviant workplace behaviors : a multidimensional scaling study sl robinson   rj bennett the academy of management journal   1995.0 
wired colleges 101 a hickman pc magazine online    
theresa m. hippert b plan  2002.0 
model checking and modular verification o grumberg   de long acm transactions on programming languages and systems ( & hellip ;   1994.0 
dynamic process simulation for advanced control project support npra computer conference oct. 29 ~ 31 ra stott   j caldwell washington :  
stressful life events : their nature and effects bs dohrenwend   bp dohrenwend  1974.0 
complex channel response to flow regulation : cudgegong river below windamere dam   australia pc benn   wd erskine applied geography   1994.0 
record-boundary discovery in web documents dw embley   ys jiang   yk ng   
tutorial : advanced transaction models-survey and critique c mohan acm sigmod international conference on management of data   & hellip ;   1994.0 
benzodiazepme receptors h mohler   t okada demonstration m the central nervous system . & fence    
a guide to the birds of mexico and northern central america : oxford university press sng howell   s webb new york    
by christos papadimitriou toxtoy toyringk  2001.0 
japanese firms banking on micros . k tanaka computerworld.   1984.0 
implementation approaches for reconfigurable logic applications bl hutchings   mj wirthlin lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
peterschwarz . aries : atransactionrecoverymethodsupporting fine-granularity locking and partial c mohan   bl donhaderle   h pirahesh acm trans . on database  
zorg voor leeftijd   maart 1998   æ ? 35   -- m ziekemeijer   a smit   r grã 1/4 ndemann   
speculative locking protocols to improve performance for distributed database systems pk reddy   m kitsuregawa knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on   2004.0 
situational coping and coping dispositions in a stressful transaction cs carver   mf scheier journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
evaluation of the potential effects of sport hunting on california black bears t burton   d koch   d updike   a brody international conference on bear research and management    
decomposition and composition of a relational database y tanaka   t tsuda vldb   1977.0 
planning as model checking f giunchiglia   p traverso lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
customer experience in a merchandising platform   june 2002 ch bell sigmod conference keynote  
rrxs : redundancy reducing xml storage in relations y chen   s davidson   c hara   y zheng proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
kinetics of phase formation in au-al thin films su campisano   g foti   e rimini   ss lau   jw mayer phil . mag.   1975.0 
linear cryptanalysis method for des cipher . advances in cryptologyâ ?? eurocryptâ ?? 93 m matsui lecture notes in computer science    
interactive tv : vod meets the internet ssy shim   yj lee   
evaluation of database recursive logic programs as recursive function series g gardarin   c demaindreville proc . acm sigmod int . conference on management of  
andt . milo . similarity-based queries hv jagadish   a mendelzon proc . acm sigact-sigmod-sigart pods    
plan selection based on query clustering a ghosh   j parikh   vs sengar   jr haritsa vldb   2002.0 
beating bias with books : fostering awareness and compassion with children 's literature eh roweli   tb goodkind   eu henshaw social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
design of a balanced multiple-valued file-organization scheme with the least redundancy s yamamoto   s tazawa   k ushio   h ikeda acm transactions on database systems   1979.0 
elimination of intersection amomalies from database schemes c beeri   m kifer proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1983.0 
the fourth district addressed a road impact fee ordinance that was imposed by palm beach county upon i hollvwood id .  
using the institutional research office . dl davis-van atta   sc carrier new directions for higher education   1986.0 
functional dependencies in logic programs ao mendelzon vldb    
a uniform deductive approach for parameterized protocol safety jf couchot   a giorgetti   n kosmatov proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
an overview of manufacturing yield and reliability modeling for semiconductor products w kuo   t kim proceedings-ieee   1999.0 
sf . chang quad-tree segmentation for texture-based image query in jr smith proc . acm  
fourth edition   1999 p hall   
chemoprevention of cancer with retinoids mb sporn   dl newton fed proc   1979.0 
sequential minimal optimization : a fast algorithm for training support vector machines [ r ] . 1998 j platt microsoft technical  
some contributions to inference using spacings k ghosh  1997.0 
closed form solution for the inverse kinematics of a puma robot manipulator 2 ii w kesheng   tk lien demonstration   robotics & computer integrated  
efficient topology-aware overlay network . acm computer communications review   33 ( 1 ) : 101â ?? 106   jan m waldvogel   r rinaldi proceedings of acm hotnets-i ( october  
high-energy transmission grating spectrometer for the advanced x-ray astrophysics facility ( axaf ) th markert   cr canizares   d dewey   m mcguirk   cs proc . spie   1994.0 
inaccuracy in endotracheal tube verification using a toomey syringe-complications and survival dp davis   kac stephen   gm vilke journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
the reduction/prevention of muscle and tendon sprains   strains   and overexertion injuries thru pre - mt anderson   
online scaling in a highly available database se bratsberg   r humborstad proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0 
using squids to address forwarding pointer aliasing jp grossman   j brown   a huang   t knight   
further evidence of the necessity of sunspots   k shell   
binary translation to improve energy efficiency through post-pass register re-allocation k zhang   t zhang   s pande proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 
r-tree : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching g antonin proceeding of acm sigmod    
industries itt df_cd dragonfly companion informal correspondence demonstration   & hellip ;    
mitochondrial dna polymorphism   phylogeography   and conservation genetics of the brown bear ursus p taberlet   j bouvet proceedings : biological sciences   1994.0 
evaluating bioavailability of neutral organic chemicals in sediments : a confined disposal facility ju clarke   va mcfarland   j dorkin water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
borges y la nada m ferrer  1967.0 
a hankel approach to singular system realiza-tion theory ws gray   ei verriest   fl lewis proc . 29th cdc honolulu   hawaii  
simulation model of sequential multichannel network and its throughput determination rl brewster   am glass electronic letters   1989.0 
building invisible interfaces . keynote talk m weiser proc . acm uist    
memory sharing predictor : the key to a speculative dsm ac lai   b falsafi proc . of the 26th intâ ?? l symposium on computer architecture & hellip ;    
revisiting the high-yield bond market ei altman financial management   1992.0 
an ultra highly available dbms so hvasshovd   se bratsberg   o torbjoernsen   
verification of dynamically reconfigurable logic d robinson   p lysaght lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
a consideration of normal form of not-necessarily-normalized relations a makinouchi proc .  
towards a theory of indexability jm hellerstein   e koutsoupias   ch papadimitriou proc . 16th acm sigact { sigmod { sigart symp . on principles of & hellip ;   1997.0 
new adaptive methods for particles flux intensity measurement redundancy reduction and their vp evdokimov   vm pokras & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1975.0 
relationships among local functional activity   energy metabolism   and blood flow in the central l sokoloff fed proc   1981.0 
fractal block coding using simplified finite-state algorithm ht chang   cj kuo proc . spie   1995.0 
a model of employee attitudes and actions following 360-degree feedback t maurer   d mitchell   c godsey san diego    
scaling from species to vegetation : the usefulness of functional groups c koerner ecological studies   1993.0 
effects of catecholamine depletion on alertness and mood in rested and sleep-deprived normal ud mccann   dm penetar   y shaham   dr thorne neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
simulation and measurement of dielectric antennas at 150 ghz j weinzierl   j richter   
cell cycle regulation of chromatin binding and nuclear localization of human cdc7-ask kinase complex n sato   m sato   m nakayama   r saitoh   k arai   h genes to cells   2003.0 
tools for design of composite web services r hull   j su proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
wavecluster : a multi-resolution clustering approach for very large spatial databases g sheikholeslami   s chatterjee   a zhang vldb   1998.0 
designing an alpha microprocessor m reilly   
dimensionality reduction for similarity searching in dynamic databases kvr kanth   d agrawal computer vision and image understanding   1999.0 
the video window system in informal commu nications . [ c ] proc bl chalfonte proc . acm cscw    
automatic verification of design patterns in java a blewitt   a bundy   i stark proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
further applications of besselâ ?? s functions of high order to the whispering gallery and allied l rayleigh phil . mag    
participatory analysis : shared development of requirements from scenarios   jm carroll   
on the detection of feature points of 3d facial image and its application to 3d facial caricature t fujiwara   t nishihara   m tominaga   k kato   k 3-d digital imaging and modeling   1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ;   1999.0 
a simple invariance principle s chatterjee  2005.0 
mhc genotype and male ornamentation : genetic evidence for the hamilton-zuk model tv schantz   h wittzell   g goransson   m grahn   k proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
the great american crop surplus : 1983 solution r goodenough geography    
the sum number of d-partite complete hypergraphs hm teichert   
bundesegesetz ã 1/4 ber elektronische signaturen ( signaturgesetz-sigg ) afes law bgbl i    
computational problems related to the design of normal form relational schemes c been   pa bernstein acm transactions on database systems    
n. stefanovic 1997 â ?? geominer : a system prototype for spatial data miningâ ?? j han   k koperski proc . acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data ( sigmod &#39; 97  
priority and deadline assignment to triggered transactions in distributed real-time active databases ky lam   gck law   vcs lee journal of systems and software   2000.0 
central representation of visceral function df cechetto fed proc   1987.0 
advanced ms-dos r dancan  1986.0 
collective-individual development in a fifth grade bilingual class : an interactional ethnographic lag putney  1997.0 
the cartesian product algorithm o agesen lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
role of the posterolateral cerebellum in language al gebhart   se petersen   wt thach annals-new york academy of sciences   2002.0 
noncompliance in organ transplant recipients m rovelli   d palmeri   e vossler   s bartus   d hull   transplant proc   1989.0 
apolipoprotein e phenotype and renal disease h oda   n yorioka   c ueda   y nishida   m yamakido contributions to nephrology   1997.0 
whinston the future of e-commence : integrate and customize . sy choi   b andrew  1999.0 
multiple-bus shared memory system m carlton   a despain ieee computer    
reasoning with prioritized defaults m gelfond   tc son lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
a static type system for jvm access control t higuchi   a ohori   
concluding comments and further resources . pj tate   m kressel new directions for higher education   1983.0 
university preprint ctp-tamu-17 / 92 ( 1992 ) m sawicki   am texas submitted for  
a logical design methodology for relational databases using the eer model t teorey   d yang   j frey acm transaction on database systems    
speech transmission over digital mobile radio channels p barrett   rm voelcker bt technology journal   1996.0 
idr/qr : an incremental dimension reduction algorithm via qr decomposition j ye   q li   h xiong   h park   r janardan   v kumar acm sigkdd proceedings   2004.0 
runt domain partner proteins enhance dna binding and transcriptional repression in cultured m fujioka   gl yusibova   cm sackerson   s tillib   a genes to cells   1996.0 
oxidation reduction potentials of organic compounds   the wiliams & wiliams co.   baltimore wm clark md    
larson   and fw tompa . efficiently updating materialized views ja blakeley   p ã ? proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
locust control with metarhizium flavoviride : new approaches in the development of a biopreparation d stephan   m welling   g zimmerman see ref    
prototyping : some new results n cerpa   j verner information and software technology   1996.0 
c.   a critique of the sql database d date acm sigmod record  
compound data structure for computer-aided design jc gray acm proceedings    
remediation in texas : a prototype for national reform ? sr griffith   jm meyer new directions for higher education   1999.0 
recent bt patents p gray bt technology journal   2002.0 
decommissioning of radiochemical objects si rovnyi   nv arsentâ ?? eva   nm emelâ ?? yanovaâ ? ¦ at .  
off the beaten path : some creative approaches to adult learning mc clark new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
characterization of the interface energetics for n-type cadmium selenide/non-aqueous electrolyte a aruchamy   ja bruce   s tanaka   ms wrighton interim technical report massachusetts inst . of tech.   & hellip ;   1982.0 
reproductive effort and t-lymphocyte cell-mediated immuno-competence in female pied flycatchers j moreno   jj sanz   e arriero proceedings : biological sciences   1999.0 
semantic web languages for policy representation and reasoning : a comparison of kaos   rei   and g tonti   jm bradshaw   r jeffers   r montanari   n lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of fk 506 in pediatric patients receiving living-related donor m yasuhara   t hashida   m toraguchi   y hashimoto transplantation proceedings   1995.0 
a logic for quantum circuits and protocols m patra submitted for publication    
histamine immunohistochemistry : a new and highly sensitive method for studying cutaneous mast cells o johansson   m virtanen   m hilliges   q yang the histochemical journal   1992.0 
communication complexity ch papadimitriou   m sipser proceedings of the fourteenth annual acm symposium on theory & hellip ;   1982.0 
in search of excellence : lessons from americaâ ?? s best-run companies tj peters   rh waterman   
the datacycle architecture for very large high throughput database systems g herman   g gopal   k lee   a weinrib proc . acm sigmod conf    
storage and retrieval of xml documents using object-relational databases t shimura   m yoshikawa   s uemura   
emotion-based music recommendation by association discovery from film music ff kuo   mf chiang   mk shan   sy lee proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
business implications of web technology d chatterjee   v sambamurthy electronic markets   1999.0 
recursive approach to optimal control problem of multiarea electric energy system j momoh   
3d analog-to-digital converter e basha   k butler   p griffin technical report   massachusetts institute of technology   course  
characterizing bar line-of-sight graphs sk wismath   
the central role of mathematical logic in computer science j paul myers jr   
intelligentpad as meme media and its application to multimedia databases y tanaka information and software technology   1996.0 
revisiting scholarship : perspectives on the scholarship of teaching c kreber new directions for teaching and learning   no    
l'hypercontractivite et son utilisation en theorie des semi-groupes d bakry lecture notes in mathematics-springer verlag -   1994.0 
speed : a stateless protocol for real-time communication t he   ja stankovic proceedings of the 23rd international conference on  
fire impacts on vegetation in central africa : a remote-sensing-based statistical analysis g bucini   ef lambin applied geography   2002.0 
a critique of the sql database language cj date acm sigmod record   1984.0 
the datacycle architecture for very high throughput database systems g herman   kc lee   a weinrib proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1987.0 
eâ ? cient view self-maintenance n huyn proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference   athens   greece    
advanced ms-dos programming : the microsoft guide for assembly language and c programmers r duncan  1986.0 
a design data manager k alho   h peltonen   r sulonen   
optimization of a digital neuron design f kampf   p koch   k roy   m sullivan   z delalic   s proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on simulation   1990.0 
compensation-based on-he cpery processing v srinivasan   mj carey ptoc . acm sigmod    
mcgraw-hill companies s processes   
implementation   elimination of weakly dominated strategies and evolutionary dynamics a cabrales   g ponti   
query optimization in database systems m jarke   j koch   
clustering techniques for minimizing external path length aa diwan   s rane   s seshadri   s sudarshan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
economic performance of group-affiliated companies in korea : intragroup resource sharing and sj chang   j hong academy of management journal   2000.0 
incremental validation of xml documents a balmin   y papakonstantinou   v vianu acm transactions on database systems   2004.0 
positivism vs minimalism in deductive databases n bidoit   r hull proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
the beauty of fractals ho peitgen   ph richter  1986.0 
the denver model for groupware design t salvador   j scholtz   j larson acm sigchi bulletin   1996.0 
lipoprotein glomerulopathy and its pathogenesis t saito   s oikawa   h sato   j chiba contributions to nephrology   1997.0 
a simulation model for performance analysis of large shared data bases c hulten vldb   1977.0 
implementatwn techtuques for mam memory database systems dj dewlttâ ? ¦ acm sigmod   boston    
noise reduction of switching-mode power converters by random-switching control t ninomiya   t tanaka   h kameda   k harada procs . of ipec-tokyo â ?? 90    
characterizing the performance and stability issues of the as path prepending method : taxonomy   h wang   rkc chang   dm chiu   jcs lui proceedings of acm sigcomm asia workshop   2005.0 
high-level   three-pronged design methodology for n-chime interface system software s treu   dp sanderson   r rozin   r sharma information and software technology   1991.0 
studie ã 1/4 ber die biotop-ansprã 1/4 che von waldameisen : die biotopansprã 1/4 che von formica lugubris in em kissling  1979.0 
functional programming in c++ b mcnamara   y smaragdakis proceedings of the fifth acm sigplan international & hellip ;   2000.0 
organophosphate poisoning in perth   western australia   1987-19961 gm emerson   nm gray   ga jelinek   d mountain   hj journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
moisture induced package cracking in plastic encapsulated surface mount components during soldered r lin   e blackshear   p serisky proc . 26th int . rel . phys . symp    
a study of first year middle school teachers ' ability to integrate technology lb dias   mb shoffner   fd atkinson unpublished manuscript    
encephalopathy associated with fat embolism induced by solvent for cyclosporin . p krupp   m busch   i cockburn   b schreiber lancet i   1989.0 
optimization of hypothetical queries in an olap environment a balmin   y papakonstantinou   t papadimitriou data engineering   2000 . proceedings . 16th international & hellip ;   2000.0 
the need for education in useful formal logic d gries ieee computer    
further improvements on integrity constraint checking for stratifiable deductive databases sy lee   tw ling vldb   1996.0 
seismotectonics of the elsinore-temecula trough   elsinore fault zone   southern california ag hull  1990.0 
home networking 101 c metz pc magazine . accessed    
a petri net based methodology to integrate qualitative and quantitative analysis m heiner   
2005 annual conference : presidential address b chambers   
on the structure of a random tournament with a given score sequence z gao   bd mckay   x wang   
the notions of consistency and predicate locks in a relational database system kp eswaran   jn gray   ra lorie   il traiger comm . acm    
a little taste of something more exotic ' : the imaginative geographies of everyday life j may geography-london -   1996.0 
books   libraries   scholarship   and the future . ra plane new directions for higher education   1982.0 
multivariate analysis : methods and applications wr dillon   m goldstein  1984.0 
form for nested relations zm ã?zsoyoglu   lyyan normal acm transactions on database systems    
an object-based image retrieval system and its visual query interface ws li   ks candan   k hirata   yh semcog demonstration at the sigmod conference on management of data  
ciprofloxacin penetration into lungs d honeybourne   r wise   jm andrews lancet i   1987.0 
rural poverty in india : incidence   issues   and policies sm dev   ks parikh   mh suryanarayan  1991.0 
primitive recursion for higher-order abstract syntax j despeyroux   f pfenning   c schuermann lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
programming with shared data abstractions dm goodeve   sa dobson   jr davy submitted for publication    
hs and shim   k. 1995 . fast similarity search in the presence of noise   scaling and translation in rl agrawal   k sawhney proceedings of the 21st international conference on very  
e-ciently updating materialized views j blakely   p larson   f tompa proceedings acm sigmod conference on management of  
concurrency control protocols for real-time databases s braoudakis  1995.0 
aries : a transaction recovery method supporting fine-granularity locking and partial rollbacks using c mohan   d haderle   b lindsayâ ? ¦   
scaling up output capacity and performance results from information systems prototypes . jc westland acm transactions on database systems   1990.0 
ifq : a visual query interface and query generator for object-based media retrieval ws li   
p ^ * time : highly scalable oltp dbms for managing update-intensive stream workload sk cha   c song proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
real-time control of the cmu direct drive arm ti using customized inverse dynamics t kanade   pk klnosla   n tanaka proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference on decision and  
comparison of two path restoration schemes in self-healing networks y xiong   l mason computer networks   2002.0 
isolation of protoplast in citrus a vardi proc . int . soc . citriculture    
false sharing and its effect on shared memory performance ml scott   wj bolosky technical report msr-tr-93-01   microsoft research   one microsoft  
b culshaw proc spie smart structures and materials g thursby   b sorazu   f dong   d betz san diego    
superinfection and the evolution of parasite virulence ma nowak   rm may proceedings : biological sciences   1994.0 
sturmâ ?? s theorem for hyperelliptic integrals ab givental algebra i analiz    
the discre'e geodesic problem m mitchell   dm mount   ch papadimitriou technical report   department of operations research   stanford  
a culture assessment of xyz manufacturing company by andrea c. price a research paper k lui  2003.0 
ethical social index numbers sr chakravarty  1990.0 
developing situation-awareness in middleware for ubicomp environments s yau   y wang   f karim proc . 26th int &#39; l computer software and applications  
transaction management in the r * distributed database management system c mohan   b lindsay   r obermarck acm transactions on database systems   1986.0 
adverse selection in fourth generation networks : quality of service for entertainment id constantiou   e rodina   gc polyzos   
controversy   questions   and suggestions for further reading ma gillen   lm english new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
in-process analysis of multifunctional esters by nir spectroscopy dl curtin  1997.0 
alli : an information integration system based on active logic framework aa barfourosh   hrm nezhad   m anderson   d perlis & hellip ; of the third international conference on management & hellip ;    
the shape and form of puget sound r burns  1985.0 
a coordinating board view . re mctarnaghan new directions for higher education   1974.0 
protein metabolism and urea recycling in rodent hibernators ml riedesel   jm steffen fed proc   1980.0 
casdal : cassm 's data language syw su   a emam acm transactions on database systems   1978.0 
the voice of the customer : innovative and useful research directions se madnick   
tools for information system dynamics management c rolland   s leifert   c richard very large data bases   1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ;   1979.0 
an active and deductive object-oriented data model g guerrini   
the logical data model gm kuper   my vardi acm transactions on database systems   1993.0 
efficient communication protocols and performance analysis for gigabit networks v sharma  1997.0 
a survey of logical models for olap databases . acms anthology sigmod record   1999.0 
a comparison of two approaches to a class of japanese constructions n hasegawa ms. university of washington   seattle   washington    
a programming logic for sequential java a poetzsch-heffter   p mueller lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
semantics-preserving dimensionality reduction : rough and fuzzy-rough-based approaches r jensen   q shen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
discovery of multiple-level rule s from large database j han   y fu   
from software user to software author : an initial pedagogy for introductory object-oriented m woodman   s holland acm sigcue outlook   1996.0 
284 . section 214 of the criminal code contains a similar provision . under both codes   conviction for p code   
real-time database and information systems : research advances a bestavros   v fay-wolfe  1997.0 
a logical foundation for deductive object-oriented databases m liu   g dobbie   tw ling acm transactions on database systems   2002.0 
storage and management of similar images g jomier   m manouvrier   m rukoz j. braz . comp . soc   2000.0 
low-cost compensation-based query processing   so hvasshovd proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
application & analysis of i ddq diagnostic and fault simulation software p nigh   d forlenza proc . int . test conf    
detection of stationary and dynamic space substratum p tewari borderland sciences congress   santa barbara   california   & hellip ;    
complexity of static schedule design for hard real-time environments a mok working paper   laboratory for computer science   mit    
translation-invariant de-noising rr coifman   dl donoho lecture notes in statistics-new york-springer verlag -   1995.0 
algorithms and performance studies . dennis shasha   francois llirbat   eric simon   patrick valduriez t chopping acm transactions on database systems    
ã cents â ? ¬ evaluating the performance of multicomputer configurationsã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents dp agrawal   vk janakiram ieee computer    
firmly grounded : economics in the future of the law ts ulen wisconsin law review   1997.0 
glu   zm ozsoyo glu   and v. matos . extending relational algebra and relational calculus with set - g ozsoyo acm transactions on database systems    
subunit assembly in vivo of escherichia coli rna polymerase : role of the amino-terminal assembly m kimura   a ishihama genes to cells   1996.0 
on the topological model theory of normal disjunctive lattices   â ?? p bankston   
repeating history beyond aries c mohan vldb   1999.0 
similarity-based queries for sequences data d rafiei   a mendelzon proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data (  
r. multivalued dependencies and a new normal form for relational databases f agin acm trans . database syst . 2   3 ( sept. 1977 )    
a new questionnaire for gastroesophageal reflux disease gr locke   nj talley   al weaver   ar zinsmeisterâ ? ¦ mayo clinic proceedings   1994.0 
dimensionality of observer ratings on the california adult q-set k lanning journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
notes on database operating systems jn gray lecture notes in computer science .  
a model for circadian oscillations in the drosophila period protein ( per ) a goldbeter proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
insolvency of insurance companies yy chen university of california   santa barbara doctoral & hellip ;    
use priority encoders for fast data comparison   '' s murugesan electronic engineering    
undergraduate obstetrics and gynaecology ( 3 rdedition ) oxford : butterworth-heinemann m hull   d joyce   g turner   p wardle isbn    
cytochemical studies of hydrogen peroxide production in the tadpole tail ofrana japonica during f sasaki   t kinoshita   h takahama   k watanabe the histochemical journal   1988.0 
evidence for widespread wolbachia infection in isopod crustaceans : molecular identification and host d bouchon   t rigaud   p juchault proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0 
g-whiz   a visual interface for the functional model with recursion s heiler   a rosenthal vldb    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?multiple - view self-maintenance in data warehousing environmentsã cents â ? ¬ â ? n huyn proc . 23rd vldb    
liquid drop effects on self-ignition of combustible gas v golâ ?? dshtein   i shreiber   i goldfarb   a proc . 26th int . symp . on combustion    
advances in corrosionâ ?? deformation interactions   vol . 202 t magnin trans . tech . publ.   zurich ( switzerland )    
effect of waste water treatment technology on the elimination of anionic surfactants fr schroeder   m schmitt   u reichensperger waste management   1999.0 
electrical characterization of li and n doped znse ( abstract only ) e kuusisto   j lilja   k imai   m pessa oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
collaborative learning : shared inquiry as a process of reform j macgregor new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
erp adoption by european midsize companies y van everdingen   j van hillegersberg   e waarts communications-acm   2000.0 
keynote address t berners-lee seventh international world wide web conference  
electron energies resulting from an electric field in a highly ionized gas rg giovanelli phil . mag    
targeted disruption of atf 4 discloses its essential role in the formation of eye lens fibres t tanaka   t tsujimura   k takeda   a sugihara   a genes to cells   1998.0 
the project manager 's desk reference   â © 1999 mcgraw-hill jp lewis   
multiple-access protocols and time-constrained communication jf kurose   m schwartz   y yemini acm computing surveys ( csur )   1984.0 
visualizing unsteady flows by adaptive streaklines a sanna   b montrucchio   
phylip ( phylogeny inference pakage ) version 3.5 c : general information manual j felsenstein university of washington   seattle   washington    
neo-realism in international relations s chatterjee international studies-bombay then new delhi -   1997.0 
drt ac command & hellip ; tmd operational concept demonstration 93å ? 1 . â ?? ( u )   january    
expert system for coal mine roof bolt design a ghosh   s harpalani   jkk daemon proc . 28th us rock mechanics symposium    
a disjunctive datalog system ( and more ) g pfeifer   w faber tutorial http://www . dbai . tuwien . ac . at/proj/dlv    
graalbench : a 3d graphics benchmark suite for mobile phones i antochi   b juurlink   s vassiliadis   p liuha   
cognition   emotion   and motivation : the doctoring of humpty-dumpty rs lazarus   jc coyne   s folkman approaches to emotion    
the role of smears   cultures   and antibiotic sensitivity testing in the management of suspected s mcleod   a kolahdouz-isfahani   k rostamian journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
a retrieval technique for similar shapes hv jagadish proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   1991.0 
process locking : a protocol based on ordered shared locks for the execution of transactional h schuldt   
zhang   hf ; chatterjee   a. k rr brooks   j holzbecher   de ryan at . spectrosc    
transposition of is1 circles y shiga   y sekine   e ohtsubo genes to cells   1999.0 
timemine ( demonstration session ) : visualizing automatically constructed timelines r swan   j allan proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 
dimensionality reduction and similarity computation by inner-product approximations o egecioglu ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
alternating laminated array of two types of mucin in the human gastric surface mucous layer h ota   t katsuyama the histochemical journal   1992.0 
computing queries from derived relatmns pa larson   hz yang proceedings of the llth vldb ( stockholm   aug. .  
embedded systems : new approaches to their formal description and design a kundig   re buhrer   j dahler springer-verlag   zurich   switzerland ( march    
advanced distribution theory for sizer j hannig   js marron unpublished manuscript   2004.0 
project partnering c cowan   c gray   e larson project management journal   1992.0 
project management in the information systems and information technologies industries f hartman   ra ashrafi project management journal   2002.0 
hse books 1999 r error   i behaviour   
the nws dambrk model : theoretical background and user documentation   hrl-258 . hydrological research dl fread md    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?recent results on nonlinear filtering : new class of finite dimensional filters   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in sst yau proc . 29th conf . decision  
r. and garcia-molina pi abbott h.   â ?? scheduling real-time transactions   â ?? acm sigmod rec    
outsourcer confirms demise of reservation coalition plan m halper computerworld    
computing queries from derived relations hz yang   pã ? larson eleventh international conference on vldb   stockholm    
atm over adsl probe in telecom italia environment s milanovic   a maglianella computer networks   2000.0 
print issn : 0004-9190 online issn : 1467-8470 frequency : three times a year current volume : 42 em alerts   s index   s index   
gr   and slavin   w. : 1983 e pruszkowska   dc manning   gr carnrick at spectrosc    
efficient concurrency control for bdisks environments   a nithrakashyap   r sivasankaran   k ramamritham proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data    
on the complexity of the view-selection problem h karloff   m mihail proceedings of the eighteenth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ;   1999.0 
improvements of the different types of binary and real coded genetic algorithms preventing the o hrstka   a kucerova submitted for publication   2001.0 
companies donâ ?? t learn from previous it snafus ks nash computerworld    
the reduction of intergroup tensions : a survey of research on problems of ethnic   racial   and rm williams  1947.0 
semantics-based time warp protocols hv leong   d agrawal   
shape contexts enable efficient retrieval of similar shapes g mori   s belongie   j malik   
computer viruses : ways of reproduction in ms-dos . ej lemer   si shoutkov   av spesivtsev proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ;   1991.0 
concept redundancy in organizational research : the case of work commitment pc morrow the academy of management review   1983.0 
evaluating weak memories with maya d agrawal   m choy   hv leong   ak singh  1994.0 
a geometry-based soft shadow volume algorithm on graphics hardware u assarsson   t akenine-moller proceedings of acm  
sparsity structure and gaussian elimination is duff   am erisman   cw gear   jk reid acm signum newsletter   1988.0 
advanced mmi/mp for demo iii xuvs sb balakirsky   mj salonish   sd allen   e messina   j   
s. andreev aa and tschirner nu 1982 a skal phil . mag    
qyanslation by qua . stlogical form transfer ' h aishawi   d carter   m rayner proc . of 29th a cl  
pleistocene phylogeographic effects on avian populations and the speciation process jc avise   d walker proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0 
modeling the cosmos : the shape of the universe   keynote address a lasenby siggraph   san diego    
raising components packaged and homegrown components must integrate tightly for component-based jd williams application development trends   2000.0 
real-time database systems : issues and approaches sh son acm sigmod  
probabilistic temporal databases   ii : calculus and query processing a dekhtyar   
satisficing in surveys : initial evidence ja krosnick   s narayan   wr smith new directions for program evaluation    
an association study between the catchol-o-methyltransferase polymorphism and hypnotizability p lichtenberg   r bachner-melman   i gritsenko   rp submitted for publication    
using technology to integrate the curriculum da welton social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
the fourth homology group of the moduli space of curves j harer to  
incremental view maintenance in extended relational databases jv harrison information and software technology   1995.0 
facilitating cultural diversity in adult literacy programs . lg martin new directions for adult and continuing education   1990.0 
semantic grammar : an engineering technique for constructing natural language understanding systems . rr burton acm sigart bulletin   1977.0 
nonfabrics : spatial computing using molecular electronics sc goldstein   m budiu proc . of the 28th annual int . symp . on computer architecture    
the binding energy of the thom as { ferm i atom jmc scott phil . mag    
electronic resources for chinese studies in a global context p zhou electronic library   1996.0 
demonstrators booted from glaad soiree n offen bay area reporter    
evolution of reproductive systems in the genus silene c desfeux   s maurice   jp henry   b lejeune   ph proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
processor verification with precise exceptions and speculative execution j sawada   wa hunt lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
on the decidability of query containment under constraints d calvanese   g de giacomo   m lenzerini   
keynote address p brown european conference on hypertext ( paris   1990 )   cambridge & hellip ;    
consumer product safety commission   bethesda ma babich   ta thomas md    
spatial indexing of high-dimensional data based on relative approximation y sakurai   m yoshikawa   s uemura   h kojima the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2002.0 
gags   a flexible object-oriented library for evolutionary computation jj merelo   a prieto proceedings of malfo . d. borrajo and p. isasi ( eds . )   1996.0 
delimiting the cbd re murphy   je vance jr economic geography   1954.0 
incremental maintenance of multi-source views g moro   
schizosaccharomyces pombe gad7 j kanoh   y watanabe   m ohsugi   y iino   m yamamoto genes to cells   1996.0 
n. ridoil : non first normal form for re -- . . _ . __ l _ - .   . _ __ -- . . lations to represent i s ahifphnnl proc . acm pot-s    
cell volume-sensitive chloride channels y okada contributions to nephrology   1998.0 
keynote address on concurrent programming pb hansen   
recovery protocols for shared memory database systems ld molesky   k ramamritham sigmod conference   1995.0 
personal life stories : a strategy for empowerment . lj mckinney   pg fry social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
methoden der mathematischen physik . springer   berlin   1931 r courant   d hilbert vol .  
discovering colocation patterns from spatial data sets : a general approach y huang   s shekhar   h xiong ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
color distribution analysis and quantization for image retrieval x wan   ccj kuo proc . spie   1996.0 
on the capacity of disjointly shared networks jc lagarias   am odlyzko   d zagier computer networks   1986.0 
machines ltd r advanced   
the notions of consistency and predicate locks in a database system kp eswaren   j gray   r lorie   i traiger comm . acm    
sawhney harpreet s. and shim kyuseok . fast similarity search in the presence of noise   scaling   and a rakesh   l king-ip proceedings of the 21 stvldb conference   zã 1/4 rich   & hellip ;    
the data flow programming language cajole-an informal introduction cl hankin   hw glaser   
active immunization of murine allogeneic bone marrow transplant donors with b-cell tumor-derived lw kwak   r pennington   dl longo   
flexible correction processes in social judgment : the role of naive theories in corrections for dt wegener   re petty journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
in : pcr protocols : a guide to methods and applications s kwok  1990.0 
empirical evaluation of theories for buying and selling prices of binary gambles mh birnbaum   s yeary   rd luce   l zhou submitted for  
scheraga . ha ( 2000 ) m narayan   e welker   wj wedemeyer acc . chem .  
laboratory instructor mario donoso email : mdonoso @ uga . edu lecture 9 : 55-10 : 45 tr   room 300a gg os texts   r readings   cw site   
scheduling real-time transactions : a performance evaluation r abbot   h garcia-molina 14th conference on very large data bases     los angeles    
the national defense center for environmental excellence ( ndcee ) - concurrent technologies corporation mb pavlik tri-service demonstration and validation of the flashjetâ ®  
evolution of neuronal changes in the course of alzheimer 's disease h braak   e braak journal of neural transmission supplementum   1998.0 
probabilistic temporal databases : algebra and implementation a dekhtyar   r ross   vs subrahmanian technical report cs-tr-3987   university of maryland ( january  
elsevier health sciences v querciali   pwmp supplies   
per - ake larson   and frank w. tompa . e ciently updating materialized views ja blakeley acm sigmod international conference on the management of & hellip ;    
assignment of responsibility for an accident e walster journal of personality and social psychology   1966.0 
parallel r-trees i kamel   c faloutsos proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   1992.0 
on the equivalence of recursive and nonrecursive datalog programs s chaudhuri   my vardi   
arc : an integrated admission and rate control framework for cdma data networks based on non - h lin   m chatterjee   sk das   k basu proceedings of acm mobicom   2003.0 
laser-based alignment system for the j-parc linac m ikegami   y higashi   h tanaka   kek takao kato   j   
infanticide risk and the evolution of male-female association in primates cp van schaik   pm kappeler proceedings : biological sciences   1997.0 
selenium/zeolite y nanocomposites . a goldbach   ml saboungi acc . chem . res   2005.0 
component-based   user-constructed   multiple-view visualization c north   b shneiderman   
fourth int . symp . on independent component analysis and blind signal separation s in amari   a cichocki   s makino   n murata   
history and focus c work ieee  
aries/im : an efficient and high concurrency index management method using write-ahead c mohan   f levine  1989.0 
tension hydrothorax due to ventriculopleural shunting-a useful alternative c beachâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
wavecluster : a multi-resolution clustering approach for very large spatial databases o shmueli   j widom   g sheikholeslami   s chatterjee & hellip ; - fourth international conference on very-large databases    
exploring an unknown polygonal environment with a sensor based strategy s ghosh   j burdick submitted for publication    
integration of the big five and circumplex approaches to trait structure wkb hofstee   b de raad   lr goldberg journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0 
the complexity of testing predicate locks hb hunt   
student life and development jm javinar new directions for higher education   2000.0 
a pattern-based object calculus n kamel   p wu   syw su the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
testing a distributed system : generating minimal synchronised test sequences that detect output - rm hierons information & software technology   2001.0 
weak scattering in random media   with applications to remote probing rw lee   jc harp proc . ieee    
designing and grading oral communication assignments bl quigley new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
similarity search for adaptive ellipsoid queries using spatial transformation y sakurai   m yoshikawa   r kataoka   s uemura proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
testbed measurements quoted above have been done for the lar calorimeter lvl all at  
discovery ofmultiple-level association rules fromlarge databases j han   y fu proc . of the 21st int &#39; l conferenceon very large databases   & hellip ;    
drawing from data . g burton social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
efficiently updating materialized views   '' acm sigmod int j blakely   pa larson   fw tompa conf . on management of data   washington   dc   may    
the design ofâ ¬ 1nf relational databases into nested normal form ma roth   hf korth proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1987.0 
deviations from vegardâ ?? s law j friedel phil . mag    
l ( d   1 ) - labelings of digraphs gj chang   jj chen   d kuo   sc liaw submitted for  
high energy density   low impedance capacitors using pressurized water as dielectric ar miller fifth symposium on engineering problems of fusion research   1973.0 
returning modified rows-select statements with side effects a behm   s rielau   r swagerman proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
a multidimensional framework for conceptualizing human services integration initiatives el konrad new directions for program evaluation    
enactement and emergence in the dramaturgy of artificial life r ascott proceedings of the sixth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0 
regional review : monitoring changes in the central puget sound region psr council seattle   washington   usa    
speculative multithreaded processors gs sohi   a roth   
using joint application design to develop readable formal specifications rb jackson   dw embley information and software technology   1996.0 
the implications of cache affinity on processor scheduling for multiprogrammed   shared memory r vaswani   j zahorjan proceedings of the thirteenth acm symposium on operating & hellip ;   1991.0 
analysis and design an adaptive virtual queue ( avq ) algorithm for active queue management v misra   wb gong   d towsley proc . acm/sigcomm    
temperature and life h precht  1973.0 
the r-tree : anef cientandrobust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann   hp kriegel   r schneider   b seeger proc . of the acm sigmod conf    
new therapeutic approaches to sickle cell disease : targeting rbc membrane oxidative damage sr goodman   bs pace   a shartava cellular and molecular biology letters   1998.0 
efficient computation of basis vectors of the address sequence lattice j ramanujam submitted for publication    
negation vs. inequation and typing for linguistic applications b carpenter   g penn unpublished manuscript    
beyond pm 101 : lessons for managing large development programs ak graham project management journal   2000.0 
life tasks   self-concept ideals   and cognitive strategies in a life transition n cantor   jk norem   pm niedenthal   ca langston   am journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
some further analysis of the essential blocking recurrence jt robinson sigmod record   1991.0 
on the autocorrelation structure of tcp traffic dr figueiredo   b liu   v misra   d towsley computer networks   2002.0 
distributed management in local area networks tw page jr   gj popek proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
a secure address resolution protocol mg gouda   ct huang computer networks   2003.0 
real-time distributed system specification and verification in aptl f wang   ak mok   ea emerson acm tosem    
noise colour and the risk of population extinctions j ripa   p lundberg proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
molecular assembly of rna polymerase ii from the fission yeast schizosaccharomyces pombe : subunit - t miyao   k yasui   h sakurai   m yamagishi   a genes to cells   1996.0 
topics in the theory of random noise   translated by ra silverman ( gordon and breach   new york   1963 ) rl stratonovich vol .  
amnesia : a minimal model and an interpretation a baddeley see cermak    
multiple locus haplotype analysis   version 2.0 . software and documentation distributed by the author jc long md    
unraveling punitive damages : current data and further inquiry ml rustad wisconsin law review   1998.0 
a framework for implementing hypothetical queries t griffin   r hull proc . of the 1997 acm sigmod intl. conference on management  
self-similarity in world wide web trac : evidence and causes   '' m crovella   a bestavros proc . acm sigmetrics    
a and balluffi rw 1965 ja ytterhus phil . mag    
coping with java programming stress jva rt   jm bieman ieee computer    
mechanisms for distributed shared memory sk reinhardt  1996.0 
query processing using views for regular path queries with inverse d calvanese   g de giacomo   m lenzerini   my vardi proc . of the 19th acm sigact sigmod sigart symp . on & hellip ;   2000.0 
outsourcing proves itself a useful business tool-no fad . n margolis computerworld    
phylip : phylogenetic inference program   version 3 j felsenstein university of washington   seattle    
extended abstract h mannila   kjdi raiha proceedings of the very large databases conference vldb   & hellip ;    
automatic verification of database transaction safety t sheard   d stemple acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 
dw coehran   and fm shell e wenkert   js bindra   cj chang   dw cochran   fm acc . chem . res    
steinber = ger   it ( 1970 ) e alexander   zh kalman   s mardix   it stein-berger phil . mag    
facilitating treatment in patients with stroke or chest pain through a dedicated ed chest pain / l bazarnick   p napolitano   j capodanno   d graf journal of emergency nursing   2002.0 
consumer behaviour jf engel   rd blackwell   pw miniard new york    
demonstration of the cinema system k rothermel   i barth   g dermler   w fiederer   t proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
an architecture for wide-area multicast routing c lui   l wei   s deering   d farinacci   v jacobson proceedings of acm sigcomm    
cultural and linguistic diversity resource guide for speech-language pathologists b goldstein san diego   singular    
design and modeling policies for two server fork/join queueing systems s chen   d towsley coins technical report 91-93   univ. of massachusetts    
power system information theory   advances in power system control hb sun   bm zhang   l tangâ ? ¦ operation and management international conference ( apscom )    
on the complexity of database queries ch papadimitriou   m yannakakis   
aries/kvl : a key-value locking method for concurrency control of multiaction transactions on b-tree c mohan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
optimizing existential datalog queries r ramakrishnan proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1988.0 
evaluation of the new emit enzyme immunoassay for the determination of whole-blood tacrolimus cj hesse   cc baan   ah balk   hj metselaar   w weimar transplant proc   2002.0 
efficiently updating materialized views ja blakeley   pa larson   fw tompa   
de paramilitares y otras hierbas e pizarro unpublished manuscript    
differential thermoregulation of two highly homologous cold-shock genes   cspa and cspb   of jp etchegaray   pg jones   m inouye genes to cells   1996.0 
making object-oriented schemas more expressive   in ã cents â ? ¬ proc . of the 13th acm sigact sigmod sigart d calvanese   m lenzerini  1994.0 
multi-resolution brain model in multimedia environment j pan   lk fock   wl nowinski   de dow   h huan teh proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
further investigations of reading techniques for object-oriented design inspection g sabaliauskaite   f matsukawa   s kusumoto   k inoue information and software technology   2003.0 
efficient algorithms for selecting advanced reservations m bartlett   am frisch   y hamadi   i miguel   c   
highly stable amorphous silicon hydride from a helium plasma reaction r mills   b dhandapani   j he   
narratives of the mission of george bogle to tibet and of the journey of thomas manning to lhasa   1 r markham clements   
thermophilic microorganisms and life at high temperatures td brock  1978.0 
higher recursion theory ge sacks  1990.0 
logic programming with costs vw marek   m truszczynski unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
temperature independent highly birefringent photonic crystal fibre a michie   j canning   k lyytikã $ inen   m ã?slund   j md   1983.0 
staggered striping in multimedia information systems s ghandeharizadeh   rmx ju   
improving query optimization for disjunctive datalog c cumbo   w faber   g greco   
ramamritham . recovery protocolsfor sharedmemorydatabasesystems ld moleskyandk proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod    
providing guaranteed quality of service for interactive visualization applications ( poster session ) wmr wong   rr muntz proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;    
the fourth dimension in early childhood education bm caldwell see ref    
soi for digital cmos vlsi : design considerations and advances ct chuang   pf lu   cj anderson proceedings-ieee   1998.0 
stochastic optimal control and its connection with estimation r gessing   
real-time interfaces for interface-based design of real-time systems with fixed priority scheduling e wandeler   l thiele proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
eth d mathematik ch-8092 zurich   switzerland e-mail address : embrechts @ math .  
two-handed input in a compound task p kabbash   w buxton   a sellen   
re-engineering slammed j king computerworld    
genetic conflicts in genomic imprinting a burt   r trivers proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0 
strategy follows structure : the missing link of their intertwined relation rm burton   aj kuhn unpublished manuscript    
probing guanine structure in nucleic acid folding using nickel complexes cj burrows   se rokita acc . chem . res    
optimal axes for defining the orientations of shapes d shen   hhs ip electronic letters   1996.0 
consciousness and learning : new and renewed approaches . m boucouvalas new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
endosurgery simulations with kismet : a flexible tool for surgical instrument design   operation room ug kã 1/4 hnapfel   h krumm   c kuhn   m hã 1/4 bner   b proceedings  
andw . k. shih . ( 1988 ) . â ?? fastalgorithmforoptimallayerassignment.â ?? ys kuo   tc chern proc . ofieee/acm design automation  
ansi/x3/sparc study group on data base management systems 75-02-08 i report fdt-bulletin of acm sigmod    
temporal query processing and optimization in multiprocessor database machines   rr muntz   
de novo malignancy following liver transplantation : a single-center study m levy   l backman   b husberg   r goldstein transplantation proceedings   1993.0 
service and restoration routing and wavelength assignment   and restoration signaling in optical g sahin ph. d. dissertation ( university of washington   seattle    
emotions in infancy : regulators of contact and relationships with persons c trevarthen approaches to emotion    
no. 101â ?? 116   at 9 ( 1989 ) s rep   
fetopathogenicity of maternal hyperthermia at mid-gestation jt done   ae wrathall   c richardson proc . int . pig . vet . soc    
java bytecode verification for secure information flow m avvenuti   c bernardeschi   n de francesco   
a logic programming approach to the integration   repairing and querying of inconsistent databases g greco   s greco   e zumpano lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
geographic variation in population characteristics of an intertidal gastropod : demographic rj schmitt & hellip ; symposium : recent advances in research on the california & hellip ;   1993.0 
negation and affirmation in jacques prevert 's word games ah greet wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1966.0 
websteam mw aldridge demonstration at the fifth annual navy workforce research & hellip ;    
ya . i. isakov   vp kalinin   and n. ya . usachev km minachev kinetika i kataliz    
the power range assignment problem in radio networks on the plane aef clementi   p penna   r silvestri lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
a fully balanced cmos ota for high-frequency monolithic filters ikd peterson   rl geiger proc . 29th midwest symposium on circuits and systems    
a consideration on normal form of not-necessarily-normalized relation in then ; t ~ ;   aa rnn ~ id ~ r ~ a makinouchi proceedings international conference on very large data & hellip ;    
a new normal form for nested relations zm ozsoyoglu   ly yuan acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 
semigroups of operators and applications ja goldstein to  
integrity checking in deductive databases r kowalsky   f sadri   p soper proc . of the 13th vldb   brighton    
flexible finishing system using hyper cutter location data f nagata   k watanabe   y kusumoto   k kiguchi   k   
acupuncture for bellâ ?? s palsy l he   d zhou   b wu   n li   mk zhou cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
phylogeny of wolbachia in filarial nematodes c bandi   tjc anderson   c genchi   ml blaxter proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0 
biopatentminer : an information retrieval system for biomedical patents s mukherjea   b bamba proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
an ultrasensitive silicon pressure-based flowmeter st cho   k najafi   cl lowman   kd wise   
statistical power analysis for behavioral sciences ( rev. ed . ) academic press j cohen san diego   ca    
heuristic approach for generic audio segmentation and annotation tzccj kuo proc . acm  
optimal and adaptive testing for software reliability assessment ky cai   yc li   k liu information and software technology   2004.0 
csma/pdcr : a random access protocol without priority inversion j turiel   j marinero   j gonzã ¡ lez procs . of annualconference of the ieee industrial & hellip ;    
the complexity of ordering subgoals jd ullman   my vardi proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1988.0 
using lightweight checkpoint/recovery to improve the availability and designability of shared memory dj sorin  2002.0 
aries/kvl : a key-value locking method for concurrency control of multiaction transactions operating c mohan vldb   1990.0 
the fourth text retrieval conference ( trec-4 ) . national institute of standards and technology d harman md    
equipment   utilities   and improvements s vegetation prior  
robbers   marshals   and guards : game theoretic and logical characterizations of hypertree width g gottlob   n leone   f scarcello   
on the power of canonical queries mh graham   ao mendelzon unpublished manuscript    
implementation concepts for an extensible data model and data language ds batory   ty leung   te wise acm transactions on database systems   1988.0 
a survey of logical models for olap databases p vassiliadis   tk sellis sigmod record   1999.0 
effective theorem proving for hardware verification d cyrluk   s rajan   n shankar   mk srivas lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
commands as media : design and implementation of a command stream jl herlocker   ja konstan proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
is service priority useful in networks l braslau   s shenker proceedings of acm sigmetrics    
data envelopment analysis : critique and extensions tr sexton   rh silkman   aj hogan new directions for program evaluation   1986.0 
programming distributed applications with com and microsoft visual basic 6.0 t pattison  1998.0 
the alkali-treatment of the mucilage of gracilaria verrucosa s tagawa   y kojima proc . int . seaweed symp    
estimating a kernel fisher discriminant in the presence of label noise nd lawrence   b scholkopf   
a change in the density of [ ( 3 ) h ] flumazenil   but not [ ( 3 ) h ] muscimol binding b dean   g pavey   m mcleod   k opeskin   n keks   d brodmann &#39; s area    
wheelbase filtering and automobile suspension tuning for minimizing motions in pitch rs sharp proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2002.0 
nonlinearity in fiber transmission rh stolen  1980.0 
on the first-order expressibility of recursive queries ss cosmadakis proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1989.0 
le x and related structures as adhesion molecules si hakomori the histochemical journal   1992.0 
on the power of locking ch papadimitriou proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference  
xlang : web services for business process design author s thatte technical report   microsoft    
ttp-a or ault tolerant real-rime systems h kopetz   g grunsteidl ieee computer    
new approach to adt specification support based on reuse of similar adt by the application of case - p termsinsuwan   z cheng   n shiratori information and software technology   1996.0 
c++ c ansi   
what has ai done for us ? m georgeff   n azarmi bt technology journal   2003.0 
image clustering with tensor representation x he   d cai   h liu   j han proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
une procedure dâ ?? apprentissage pour reseau a seauil assymetrique ( a learning procedure for y lecun proceedings of cognitiva    
parameters characterizing reactors for physical research an erykalov   yv petrov at .  
using java for multimedia collaborative applications h abdel-wahab   b kvande   s nanjangud   o kim   jp   
priority assignment in distributed real-time databases supporting temporal consistency vcs lee integrated computer-aided engineering   1998.0 
sliding-block codes for two-track magnetic recording channels e soljanin   cn georghiades proc . 28th annual conf . inform . sciences and systems   & hellip ;    
tabular constraint-satisfaction problems and answer-set programming r finkel   vw marek   m truszczynski   
fire and vegetation management plan   providence landing   vandenberg village   california . prepared k burton   e gevirtz inc.   santa barbara   california    
hitting the distributed computing sweet spot with tspaces tj lehman   a cozzi   y xiong   j gottschalk   v computer networks   2001.0 
consistent query answering under key and exclusion dependencies : algorithms and experiments l grieco   d lembo   r rosati   m ruzzi proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
pbir-perception-based image retrieval e chang   
keynote address : language design as design fp brooks history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
scientific olap for the biotech domain n huyn proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
shapes of cd-110 at high spins ( abstract only ) s juutinen   r julin   p ahonen   c fahlander   j oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
fundamentaldesignproblems ofdistributed systems forthe hardreal-time environment a mok ph. d. thesis   mit laboratory for computer science    
analysis of the vhsic hardware description language dc luckham   y huh   s ghosh   a stanculescu technical report   computer systems laboratory   stanford  
md   and jl goldstein ms brown md    
the introduction of the ox plow in central gambia pm weil see ref    
april 19   2000   hydromet manager   united states bureau of reclamation   boise   idaho   personal je doty ecology and environment   inc.   seattle    
gestural action units slip in speech production errors l goldstein   m pouplier   l chen   e saltzman   d   
the collected writings ( cw . ) of maynard keynes jm keynes vols . i    
comparison of view-based object recognition algorithms using realistic 3d models v blanz   b schoelkopf   h buelthoff   c burges   v lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
the powerset operator as an algebraic tool for understanding least fixpoint semantics in the context m gyssens   d van gucht proc . of the a cm-sigmod intl. conf . on management of data    
specification and verification of concurrent programs by forall-automata z manna   a pnueli lecture notes in computer science   1987.0 
optical wdma network design and function placement v yau computer networks   1999.0 
vic : a flexible frameworkforpacketvideo s mccanne   v jacobson proc . of acm  
prehistoric rock paintings of the seminole canyon area   val verde county   texas d gebhard   r thomas   c pierson  1965.0 
intravenous immunoglobulins for multiple sclerosis o gray   gv mcdonnell   rb forbes cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
acoustic methods for the remote probing of the lower atmosphere cg little proc . ieee    
phenotypic analysis of null mutants for de-cadherin and armadillo in drosophila ovaries reveals h oda   t uemura   m takeichi genes to cells   1997.0 
visualizing the pulse of a classroom m chen proceedings of acm multimedia 2003   2003.0 
introduction to the conll-2005 shared task : semantic role labeling x carreras   l mã rquez proceedings of conll-2005    
knowledge management and organization r rudi   pa saå ¡ a fifth international conference on management of innovative & hellip ;    
northwest productivity takes off with imaging . e booker computerworld.   1991.0 
for image retrieval e chang   s tong   
nonmetric multidimensional scaling . jb kruskal  1966.0 
a fault tolerant object transaction service in corba w lo   d liang   ym kao   sm yuan   ys chang proc . 21st ann . int &#39; l computer software and application conf  
algebraic description of relative a ne structure : connections to euclidean   ane and projective n navab   a shashua technical report 270   media laboratory   massachusetts institute  
beam commissioning of the j-parc linac medium-energy beam-transport at kekâ ?? ii s wang   s fu   t kato   m ikegami   s anami   s arai     
prepared for the ultra high-energy cosmic ray workshop on observing giant cosmic ray air showers for db cline md    
an active pulse transmission line simulating nerve axon j nagumo   j arimoto   s yoshizawa  1962.0 
emergency department protocols for domestic violence ja snyder journal of emergency nursing   1994.0 
aries/sd : a transaction recovery and concurrency control method for the shared disks environment c mohan   i narang ibm research report   ibm almaden research center   & hellip ;    
active noise and vibration control sj elliott applied mathematics and computer science   1998.0 
a method for visualizing the oscillations of the subgenual organ in the honeybee o kilpinen learning and memory . proceedings of the 23rd goã?ttingen & hellip ;    
database connection and the internet j lam pc magazine    
characterizing the two-tier gnutella topology d stutzbach   r rejaie proceedings of acm sigmetrics ( poster )   2005.0 
national and eu budgetary rules and procedures : an evolving interaction j fischer & hellip ; rules   proceedings of the banca dâ ?? italia workshop on & hellip ;    
on the inhomogeneous deformation of a plastic laminar in a compression test r hill phil mag    
life history correlates of responses to fisheries exploitation s jennings   jd reynolds   sc mills proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0 
review and critique of available learning-style instruments for adults wb james   we blank new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
linear hashing with overflow-handling by linear probing pa larson acm transactions on database systems   1985.0 
privacy leakage in multi-relational databases via pattern based semi-supervised learning h xiong   m steinbach   v kumar proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
ideal time-frequency denoising dl donoho   im johnstone  1994.0 
path queries on compressed xml d battre   
bottom up evaluation of disjunctive deductive databases j fernandez   j minker submitted for  
scaling environmental problems . k clayton geography   1991.0 
inference of monotonicity constraints in datalog programs aby sagiv proc . acm sigact-sigart-sigmod symp . on principles of & hellip ;    
evaluation as moral critique ta schwandt new directions for program evaluation    
expanding possibilitiesâ ?? from wireless web access to voice recording to convergence with cell b brown   m brown pc magazine    
aquery : query language for ordered data a lerner   d shasha optimization techniques   and experiments   in vldb    
left-deep vs. bushy trees : an analysis of strategy spaces and its implications for query ye ioannidis   yc kang   
generating hypermedia from specifications by sketching multimedia templates s fraã ¯ ssã ©   j nanard   m nanard proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1996.0 
spiritual dimensions of informal learning lm english new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
subordination : articles and complementizers a szabolcsi approaches to hungarian    
interim report : ansi/x3/sparc study group on data base management systems c bachman   l cohn   w florance   f kirshenbaum   h acm sigmod record    
minimal surfaces u dierkesâ ? ¦  1992.0 
probabilistic temporal databases   part i : algebra a dekhtyar   r ross   vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems    
nfql : the natural forms query language dw embley acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 
life history characteristics of commercially important groundfish species off california   oregon and ek pikitch fisheries research institute . seattle   washington . fri-8907    
low-cost compensation-based query processing o grwlen   so hvasshovd   o torbjgrnsen   
prochlorperazine-induced neuroleptic malignant syndrome gr pesola   c quinto journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
reliability of ku-band gaas power fet 's under highly stressed rf operation pm white   cg rogers   bs hewitt proc ieee 21st int re1 phys symp    
techniques of nasotracheal intubation with the fiberoptic bronchoscope m nakayama   n kataoka   y usui   n inase journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 
ydraylika erga para toic arhaioic ( hydraulic works of the ancients ) dl papadimos  1974.0 
spherical functions and spherical laplace transform on ordered symmetric space g olafsson submitted for  
phase-locked loop dynamics in the presence of noise by fokker-planck techniques aj viterbi proc . ieee    
structuring requirement specifications with goals j lee   nl xue   jy kuo information & software technology   2001.0 
query evaluation under the well founded semantics w chen   
priority assignment in real-time active databases d towsley the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
media-basednavigationforhypermediasystems k hirata   y hara   n shibata   f hirabayashi proceedings of acm hypertext    
in vitro culture in forage grass improvement bv conger   dj gray proc 28th grass breeders work planning conf ( in press )    
models of the self and other : fundamental dimensions underlying measures of adult attachment d griffin   k bartholomew journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
making type inference practical n oxhj   j palsberg   mi schwartzbach   
phylip ( phylogenetic inference package )   version 3.5 c ( distributed by the author ) j felsenstein seattle   washington   usa : department of genetics   university & hellip ;    
poce chemotherapy-phase ii trial in elderly patients with advanced stage diffuse large-cell lymphoma se oâ ?? reilly   p hoskins   s howdleâ ? ¦ proc 28th am soc clin oncol   san diego    
community participationa new frontier in land management . keynote paper a campbell international conference on sustainable land management    
rapid application prototyping the proquel language jy lingat   p colignon   c rolland vldb   1988.0 
vic : a flexible framework for packet video s mccanne   
geominer : a system prototype for spatial data mining j han   k koperski   n stefanovic sigmod conference   1997.0 
software maintenance : penny wise   program foolish g parikh   
targeting chemosensitizing doses of toremifene based on protein binding gt wurz   vd emshoff   mw degregorio   vj wiebe cancer chemotherapy and pharmacology   1993.0 
a probabilistic approach to metasearching with adaptive probing zlclj cho   ww chu data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
temporal probabilistic databases   i : algebra a dekhtyar   r ross   vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems    
incidence and type of malignancies occurring after renal transplantation in conventionally and c hiesse   f kriaa   p rieu   jr larue transplantation proceedings   1995.0 
discovery of multiple-level association rules from large databases in proc . 1995 vldb j han   y fu zurich   switzerland   sept    
publicaciã ³ n cientãfica y tã © cnica no. 587 a chile isbn    
master/slave speculative parallelization and approximate code cb zilles  2002.0 
tele-task-teleteaching anywhere solution kit m ch   v schillings proceedings of acm siguccs    
points-to analysis by type inference of programs with structures and unions b steensgaard lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
real-time databases s son acm sigmod record    
3d technology : ready for the pc ? n leavitt   
laptops in psychology : conducting flexible in-class research and writing laboratories br stephens new directions for teaching and learning   2005.0 
3d motion estimation and texturing of human head model j mihalik   
larson and hz yang . computing queries from derived relations p ã ? proceedings of the 11th vldb  
type inference in the presence of overloading   subtyping and recursive types   acm lisp and s kaes acm press   new  
advances in heterocyclic chemistry ba trofimov  1990.0 
behavior of concrete beams reinforced with 3-d fiber reinforced plastic grids m ozel  2002.0 
central puget sound freeway network usage and performance   1999 update   volume 1 jm ishimaru   j nee   me hallenbeck  2000.0 
an o ( n log n ) algorithm for rectilinear minimal spanning trees fk hwang journal of the acm ( jacm )   1979.0 
fully constrained least squares-based linear unmixing d heinz   ci chang   mlg althouse proc . igarss    
network processors : a progress report n heintze proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 
more on tractable disjunctive datalog r ben-eliyahu-zohary   l palopoli   v zemlyanker journal of logic programming    
automatic recording apparatus for use in the chromatography of amino acids . s moore   dh spackman   wh stein fed proc   1958.0 
an image encryption scheme based on quadtree compression scheme hk chang   jl liou proc . int . comput . symp.   taiwan    
structure   petrology and geochronology of mesozoic paleoceanic basement terranes on cedros island dl kimbrough university of california   santa barbara    
fear   anger   and risk js lerner   d keltner journal of personality and social psychology   2001.0 
the empirical study of knowledge elicitation techniques n shadbolt   am burton   
conflict management in higher education : a review of current approaches wc warters new directions for higher education   1995.0 
theories and models for internet quality of service v firoiu   jy le boudec   d towsley   zl zhang proceedings-ieee   2002.0 
aa kozarâ ??   â ?? prospects for transmutation elimination of 237 np and 241 am during irradiation by as nikiforov   ma zakharov at .  
technology transfer-a developing country perspective g plenert & hellip ; of the fourth international conference on management of & hellip ;    
supporting the evolution of workflow patterns for virtual communities h weigand electronic markets   2000.0 
extremely scaled fully depleted soi cmos jg fossum   vp trivedi   k wu   
advances in corrosion-deformation interactions t magnin   
a conceptual-modeling approach to extracting data from the web dw embley   dm campbell   ys jiang   sw liddle   yk ng lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
keynote address p burns proceedings 17th isba sheffield conference    
treadmarks : shared memory computing on networks of workstations c amza   al cox   s dwarkadas   p keleher   h lu   r   
approaches to semantic representation b levin  1987.0 
intracellular degradation of phas t saito   t kobayashi see ref    
wavecluster : a multi-resolution clustering approach c 1 1 2 1 group for very large spatial databases g sheikholeslami   s chatterjee   a zhang proc . 24th intâ ?? l conf . very large data  
verification & validation of power systems control centres kbs j santos   c ramos   z vale   a marques   
virtual prototyping of the ceramic pressure sensor d belavic   kp friedel   a wymyslowski   mz santo proc . int . conf .  
estimation of snow water equivalent in the boreal forest using passive microwave data k goita   ae walker   be goodison   atc chang proc . ger    
artist : an architectural transfomiation program for optimization a chatterjee   r roy proceedings of acm/ieee design automation conference    
the pathogenesis of diabetic glomerulosclerosis . ii aw berns   ct owens   y hirata   ht blumenthal a demonstration of insulin binding capacity of the various & hellip ;    
aids among hispanics in the united states [ abstract no . wdp33 ] : in : proceedings of the fifth a kroliczak montreal   canada   june    
using replication to improve reliability in distributed information systems sh son information and software technology   1987.0 
the relationship between distributive recursion and successive linear programming in refining l lasdon   b joffe npra computer conference seattle   washington    
an efficient and flexible method for archiving a data base c mohan   i narang   
fault tolerant control concepts applied to anaesthesia cw frei phd dissertation . zurich   switzerland : swiss federal inst .  
minimizing expected energy in real-time embedded systems r xu   d mossã ©   r melhem proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
re-engineering focus slips j king computerworld    
cone trees : animated 3d visualizations of hierarchical information sk card   jd mackinlay   gg robertson proc . acm  
conservative approximations for heterogeneous design r passerone   jr burch   al sangiovanni-vincentelli proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 
multi-resolution vehicle detection using artificial vision a broggi   pc antonello   
market orientation and organizational re-engineering during turbulent environmental transformation : h oosthuizen proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the european & hellip ;    
scales and monica s. lam . a flexible shared memory system for distributed memory machines j daniel unpublished manuscript    
implementation of logical languages for databases j ullman acm trans . database syst    
a new normal form for nested relations z meral ozsoyoglu   ly yuan acm transactions on database systems    
methods of mathematical physics ( interscience   new york   1953 ) r courant   d hilbert vol .  
constraints on null values in relational databases bs goldstein vldb   1981.0 
flexible interface migration r bandelloni   f paternã ² proceedings acm iui   2004.0 
elimination of citrus pathogens in propagative budwood . i. budwood selection   indexing and cn roistacher proc . int . soc . citriculture    
flowers of crete y iatridis  1985.0 
a synchronized discrete address beacon system ( for atc surveillance ) na blake & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1973.0 
communication-free parallelization via ane transformations aw lim   ms lam   
bushy trees : an analysis of strategy spaces and its implications for query optimization y ioannidis   y kang  1991.0 
on real-time transactions ja stankovic   w zhao sigmod record   1988.0 
guaranteed qos synthesisâ ?? an example of a scalable core ip quality of service solution p hovell   r briscoe   g corliano bt technology journal   2005.0 
spiteful bidding in sealed-bid auctions f brandt   t sandholm   y shoham   
polymoprhism and type inferencein database programming . technicalreport   universities of p buneman   a ohori acm transaction on database  
electrical effects produced by plastic deformation in sodium chloride crystals je caffyn   tl goodfellow phil . mag    
the power of sampling in knowledge discovery j kivinen   h mannila   
optimizing relational queries in connection hypergraphs : nested queries   views   and binding jl han the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
visdb : a system for visualizing large databases   system demonstration da keim   hp kriegel proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   san jose   & hellip ;    
keynote address . jr moore j audiov media med   1978.0 
laying out and visualizing large trees using a hyperbolic space j lamping   r rao proceedings of the 7th annual acm symposium on user & hellip ;   1994.0 
efficient simulation of system level models via bisimulation preserving transformations s sharad   sk shukla submitted for  
organization and management of systems prototyping pj mayhew   pa dearnly information and software technology   1990.0 
keutzer   and white : estim . of average switching activity in comb . and seq. circuits d ghosh proc . of the 29th dac    
inhibiting and facilitating conditions of the human smile : a nonobtrusive test of the facial f strack   ll martin   s stepper journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
incorporating updates in domain indexes : experiences with oracle spatial r-trees rkv kothuri   s ravada   n an data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
the last question on recursively enumerable many-one degrees a nies algebra i logika    
introduction to hilbert space pr halmos   
town brook relief tunnel designing for anoxia and h 2 s generation tg barker water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
design of algorithms for spatial-time reduction complexity of dynamic programming l moreno   l acosta   jl sanchez   
the overhead of locking ( and commit ) protocols in distributed databases . o wolfson acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 
r-tree . an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles hpk nobertbeckmann   bs ralfschneider proceedings of the 1990 acm  
design of radex-realtime database experimental system r sivasankaran   b purimetla   j stankovic   k  1998.0 
automatic direct and indirect schema mapping : experiences and lessons learned dw embley   l xu   y ding sigmod record   2004.0 
staggered striping in multimedia information systems s berson   s ghandeharizadeh   r muntz   x ju proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
existential interpretation ys gurevich algebra i logika    
spatial data mining : progress and challenges survey paper k koperski   j adhikary   j han   
a single nucleotide polymorphism at the splice donor site of the human myh base excision repair gene s yamaguchi   k shinmura   t saitoh   s takenoshita   genes to cells   2002.0 
â ?? analysis of microstructural development and mechanical properties of si 3 n 4 mj hoffmann see  
the self-fulfilling nature of positive illusions in romantic relationships : love is not blind   but sl murray   jg holmes   dw griffin journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
unsupervised content discovery in composite audio r cai   l lu   a hanjalic proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
finding and visualizing inter-site clan graphs l terveen   w hill   
dyslexia and anxiety : a relationship as strong as life ? td tsovili athens   greece : elliniva grammata    
magnetic recording system design to reduce medium noise through signal precompensation aos joseph   d agrawal   dg porter   rs indeck   mw proc . 28th  
panel : real-time databases proc . of the 17th int k ramamritham vldb conf.   barcelona   september    
probabilistic points-to analysis ys hwang   ps chen   jk lee   rdc ju lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
message-based priority functions in local multiaccess communication systems r rom   fa tobagi computer networks    
t. : '' a survey on logical models for olap databases ps vassiliadis technical report   dwq   ntua   greece    
braids   trees   and operads   available at math j morava   
kp the monitoring of timing constraints on time intervals ak mok   cg lee   h woo proceedings of the 23rd ieee real-time systems symposium (  
semcog : an object-based image retrieval system and its visual query language ws li   c ks   k hirata   y hara proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on  
paradigm : a highly scalable shared memory multicomputer dr cheriton   ha goosen   pd boyle ieee computer    
distributed cache coherence for large scale shared memory multiprocessor systems m thapar   b delagi technical report ksl-89-83   stanford university   december  
lexequal : multilexical matching operator in sql a kumaran   jr haritsa & hellip ; of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 
xenopus embryonic poly ( a ) binding protein 2 ( epabp2 ) defines a new family of cytoplasmic poly ( a ) pj good   l abler   d herring   md sheets   
a sound and complete query evaluation algorithm for relational databases with disjunctive ly yuan   da chiang proc . eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . principles of & hellip ;   1989.0 
binary search trees of bounded balance j nievergelt   em reingold proceedings of the fourth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;   1972.0 
vic : a flexible framework framework for packet video s mccanne   v jacobson acm multimedia    
age at resurfacing for flexible pavements in washington state s muench report   university of washington   seattle   washington    
logical design of deductive natural language consultable data bases ieeexplore.ieee.org vldb   1979.0 
efficient support for interactive service in multi-resolution vod systems kkw law   jcs lui   l golubchik the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 
the transmission of digital dual channel sound r wellbeloved   mn kyffin at ibc    
consumerism   consumption   and a critical consumer education for adults ja sandlin new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
the effects of local spatial structure on epidemiological invasions mj keeling proceedings : biological sciences   1999.0 
a unified characterisation for shared multimedia cscw workspace designs nn kamel information & software technology   1999.0 
some maximum principles and continuity estimates for fully nonlinear elliptic equations of second p fok  1996.0 
a methodology for modeling interprocessor traffic in shared memory multiprocessors j torrellas   t weil   j hennessy stanford university technical report no . csl-tr-89-385   july  
sensor-based wireless network for smart developmental problem-solving environments m srivastava   r muntz   m potkonjak proc . acm mobicom    
discovery of a perceptual distance function for measuring image similarity ble chang   y wu proc . acm multimedia    
coming to terms with mother nature : using the web to educate children about natural disasters mj berson   ir berson social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
informal and incidental learning vj marsick   ke watkins new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
new proposal for a common command language in information systems y vander auwera   l bernard acm sigmod record   1982.0 
e1 abbadi   a.   and jeffers   r. an approach to eliminate transaction blocking in locking protocols d agrawal proceedings of the acm sigmod-sigact symposium on principles  
metabolism of cyclosporine g maurer transplant  
mechanisms for flexible representation and use of knowledge in user modeling shell systems w pohl   j hoehle courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ;   1997.0 
minimal probing : supporting expensive predicates for top-k queries kcc chang   s hwang sigmod conference   2002.0 
faulting and uplift of the northern channel islands   california cc sorlien the fourth california islands symposium : update on the & hellip ;   1994.0 
efficient retrieval of similar shapes d rafiei   ao mendelzon the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2002.0 
garcia-mâ ? cents lina   h   scheduling real-time transactions : a performance acm transactions on database r abbott proceedings of the 14th vldb conference ( los angeles   aug. 29  
weighted hypertree decompositions and optimal query plans f scarcello   g greco   n leone   
an introduction to enumeration and graph theory   2002 m bona   awt combinatorics   
probabilistic temporal databases   i a dekhtyar   r ross   vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems    
spectroscopic study of highly stable novel inorganic hydrides from aqueous electrolysis and plasma r mills   e dayalan   p ray   b dhandapani   j he   
related-key and slide attacks : analysis   connections   and improvements m ciet   g piret   jj quisquater   
geese of the yukon-kuskokwim delta : improvements or illusions js sedinger proc int waterfowl symp    
digital circuit applications of resonant tunneling devices p mazumder   s kulkarni   m bhattacharya   jp sun   gi proceedings-ieee   1998.0 
dlfm : a transactional resource manager hi hsiao   i narang sigmod conference   2000.0 
embedding expert knowledge and hypothetical data bases in a data base system m stonebraker   k keller   
measurement of lateral strains of sand with lateral ldts in triaxial tests t sato   y kamegai   msa siddiquee   e hoque   y proc . 29th japan nat . conf . soil mech . found . engng   morioka    
incremental organization for data recording and warehousing   s seshadri proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
on distributed processibility of datalog queries by decomposing databases g dong proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1989.0 
adhesions : laparoscopic surgery versus laparotomy s milingos   g kallipolitis   d loutradis   a liapi   annals-new york academy of sciences   2000.0 
implementation of a prolog-ingres interface sp ghosh   cc lin sigmod record   1988.0 
chronic hibernating myocardium and chronic atrial fibrillation ; a prelude to apoptosis gd dispersyn   j ausma   f thonã ©   w flameng   ju   
a parameterized interpreter for modeling different aop mechanisms n ubayashi   g moriyama   h masuhara   t tamai proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
te opttmtzatzons and data integrlty in transaction systems us ( ng wr # te-ahead logglng c mohan   d read-wr ibm research report rj9741   ibm almaden research center   & hellip ;    
a dynamic clustering technique for physical database design jm chang   ks fu   
hinge joints : do they really exist k halvorsen   p westblad   a lundberg proceedings of the fifth international symposium   3-d & hellip ;    
the analogue of shafarevich conjecture for cy manifolds i. k liu   a todorov   st yau   k zuo to  
aquery : query language for ordered data   optimization techniques a lerner   d shasha and experiments . technical report   march 2003 . csdocs . cs . nyu .  
application program conversion due to data base changes syw su vldb   1976.0 
chemotherapy with etoposide   vincristine   doxorubicin   bolus cyclophosphamide   and oral prednisone g akpek   hk koh   s bogen   coâ ?? hara   fm foss   
dynamic address configuration in mobile ad hoc networks y sun   em belding-royer   
make a difference ! elementary service projects . b wolfenbarger   s turner   d lerner   b sloyer   j social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
a method for the construction of minimum redundancy codes da human proc . ire    
vibrotactile feedback in delicate virtual reality operations r kazman   j robinson proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
volume phase transition in a non-ionic gel y hirokawa   t tanaka aip conference proceedings   1984.0 
engineering dynamic scheduler for work manager d lesaint   n azarmi   r laithwaite   p walker bt technology journal   1998.0 
visualizing digital library search results with categorical and hierarchical axes b shneiderman   d feldman   a rose   xf grau   
hypothetical queries in an olap environment a balmin   t papadimitriou   y papakonstantinou proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;   2000.0 
a fast distributed algorithm for mining association rules dw cheung   j han   vt ng   aw fu   y fu proceedings of the fourth international conference on on & hellip ;   1996.0 
in-memorydata management for consumer transactions the times-ten approach t times-ten team proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
qos management in distributed real-time databases y wei   sh son   ja stankovic   kd kang   
probabilistic object bases t eiter   jj lu   t lukasiewicz   vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems   2001.0 
protein oxidation in aging and age-related diseases er stadtman annals-new york academy of sciences   2001.0 
query evaluation in deductive databases with alternating fixpoint semantics w chen acm transactions on database systems   1995.0 
userâ ?? s guide for tn/tnbc : fortran routines for nonlinear optimization   report 397   mathematical sg nash md    
lawâ § 14-114 .1 . a ny elec handbook    
visualizing forest stand dynamics using the stand visualization system rj mcgaughey proceedings    
pilot development of a consumer constructed questionnaire to evaluate mental health service j law   lg oades unpublished manuscript    
story diagrams : a new graph rewrite language based on the unified modeling language and java t fischer   j niere   l torunski   a zundorf lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
meral ã?zsoyoglu   li-yan yuan   a normal form for nested relations z oy proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on  
folk medicine and the intercultural jest . a paredes  1968.0 
analysis of response bias p shepherd life at    
location-aided geometry-based broadcast for wireless ad hoc network systems m sun   th lai submitted for  
interrogating the ten-year transport plan i docherty area   2001.0 
systems integration throughout the early life cycle wm pryke bt technology journal   1997.0 
the inherent cost of nonblocking commit c dwork   d skeen proc . of acm podc    
re-engineering : an emetic in a perfume bottle ? p strassman computerworld    
the infomix system for advanced integration of incomplete and inconsistent data n leone proc . acm sigmod/pods 2005 conference   june 13-16   2005   & hellip ;   2005.0 
wll the lmplemzntatlon of a simple clclss of logic queries for databases   â ?? d sac &   c zamolo proc fifth acm sigact-sigmod symp on prmclples of database  
semantic clustering and querying on heterogeneous features for visual data g sheikholeslami   w chang   a zhang   
theclustratelecom database : high availability   high throughput   and realtime response proceedings of so hvasshovd   o torbjornsen   se bratsberg   p zurich   switzerland    
a formal approach to mpsoc performance verification k richter   m jersak   r ernst   
198 si architekten-verein   sia untertagebau zurich   switzerland    
structured programming   programming teaching and the language pascal o lecarme acm sigplan notices   1974.0 
similarity searching in medical image databases egm petrakis   c faloutsos   
initial process of polyglutamine aggregate formation in vivo y kimura   s koitabashi   a kakizuka   t fujita genes to cells   2001.0 
hierarchical terrain models : survey and formalization l de floriani   p marzano   e puppo proc . acm sympos . applied comput   1994.0 
a more symmetrical fourier analysis applied to transmission problems rvl hartley proc . ire    
fadbad   a flexible c++ package for automatic differentiation c bendtsen   o stauning   
pattern-based design and implementation of an xml and rdf parser/interpreter g neumann   u zdun submitted for publication    
efficient self-maintenance of materialized views n huyn   
optimizing queries using materialized views j goldstein   pa larson  2001.0 
fu . discovery of multiple-level association rules from large databases j han andy proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;    
entropy and information theory rm gray  1991.0 
recursive ascent : an lr analog to recursive descent gh roberts acm sigplan notices   1988.0 
lcs net address format n chiappa   d clark   d reed mit laboratory for computer science network implementation   note  
channel classification   prediction of channel response   and assessment of channel condition dr montgomery   jm buffington  1993.0 
optimizing queries using materialized views : a practical   scalable solution j goldstein   pa larson sigmod conference   2001.0 
the burnside problem and identities in groups si adian  1979.0 
weizhao . \ \ on real-timetransactions . '' j stankovic acm   sigmod record    
re-engineering needs generic programming language technology mgj van den brand   p klint   c verhoef   
controlled expansion of a molecular cavity in a steroid host compound k sada   m sugahara   k kato   m miyata acc . chem . res   1994.0 
procrastination scheduling in fixed priority real-time systems r jejurikar   r gupta   
treemaps : visualizing hierarchical and categorical data   university of maryland at college park   bs johnson md    
