stereochemical applications of gas-phase electron diffraction k kuchitsu   m nakata   s yamamoto   i hargittai   m hargittai    
pain and leg ulceration associated with reduced abpi and atropie blanche d hofman proceedings of the 2 nd meeting on measurements in wound & hellip ;   1998.0 
recognita plus : ocr with strength in hardware b simon pc magazine ( 10 )    
nasal continuous positive airways pressure immediately after extubation for preventing morbidity in pg davis   dj henderson-smart cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
the art of deliberalizing : a handbook for the true professional . wc booth new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
on the nature of continental shelves : academic press jj walsh san diego    
new chance : implementing a comprehensive program for teenage parents and their children j quint   b fink   s rowser  1991.0 
adding some spice to csi curricula g holmes   tc smith proceedings of szgcse â ?? 97   1997.0 
coauthors   2003 : european temperature variability over the last 500 years   uncertainties   extremes j luterbacher   
evaluating administrators . dp hoyt new directions for higher education   1982.0 
thread-local heaps for java t domani   g goldshtein   ek kolodner   e lewis   e   
waiting times for stationary processes i kontoyiannis   a recurrence technical report no. 92   stanford university   july  
application servers ( panel session ) : born-again tp monitors for the web c mohan   l cable   m devin   s dietzen   p helland   d proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2001.0 
introduction to combinatorics   pg . 82   1996 mj erickson   
preface to the proceedings of the workshop on data reverse engineering e chikofsky   hd kathi  2000.0 
academic press eb davies   op semigroups san diego    
word and acoustic confidence annotation for large vocabulary speech recognition l chase   
enforcing modeling guidelines in an ordbms-based uml repository n ritter   hp steiert   
branch libraries for multimedia repositories ( poster ) m kozuch   w wolf   a wolfe   d mckay proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
wharton l. levy dh re smalley h. acc . chem . res    
2df mechanical engineering g smith   a lankshear proc . spie   1998.0 
the gene-finder computer tools for analysis of human and model organisms genome sequences v solovyev   a salamov proc . int . conf . intell . syst . mol . biol   1997.0 
introduction to integrated project support environments p hitchcock information and software technology   1987.0 
the remit system for paraphrasing relational query expressions into natural language bgt lowden vldb   1986.0 
designing solutions with com + technologies r brown   w baron   wd chadwick  2001.0 
what teachers can do to relieve problems identified by international students ds lee new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
shaping minds musically t machover bt technology journal   2004.0 
an empirical study of sale rates and prices in impressionist and contemporary art auctions o ashenfelter   k graddy unpublished manuscript    
women   fire   and dangerous things : what categories reveal about the mind university of chicago press g lakoff isbn    
ande . j. shekita . object and filemanagement in the exodus extensible database system mj carey   dj dewitt   je richardson international conference on very large data bases    
guest editor 's introduction f dehne algorithmica   1999.0 
a psychological taxonomy of trait-descriptive terms : the interpersonal domain js wiggins journal of personality and social psychology    
usability engineering process model t granollers   j lorã © s   f perdrix integration with software engineering : procs . of hci-intl    
oral or topical nasal steroids for hearing loss associated with otitis media with effusion in cc butler   jh van der voort cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
decision support in knowledge acquisition : concept characterization using genetic algorithms a lee-post   
statistics of frequency-response estimates jl douce   
partnership is the secret of progress v ford people  
final report l koehnken mount lyell remediation research and demonstration program . & hellip ;    
risk and protective factors among youth offenders mb carr   ta vandiver adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 
the relationship between international trade and linguistic competence j stanley   d ingram   g chittick report to deet    
sensory stimulation for brain injured individuals in coma or vegetative state f lombardi   m taricco   a de tanti   e telaro   a cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
ho nson   je schweitzer   and er warkentine   â ?? a dbms facility for handling structured engineering j hr proc . 1989 acm engineering design  
environmental isotopes in hydrogeology id clark   p fritz crc   new york   1997.0 
tc   metadata for multimedia documents kr bã?hm sigmod record   special issue on metadata for digital media    
intelligent software agents for managing distributed genomics data jw keeleâ ? ¦ proc . 28th conf . int &#39; l soc . animal genetics  
maximizing cross-functional new product teams ' innovativeness and constraint adherence : a conflict k lovelace   dl shapiro   lr weingart academy of management journal   2001.0 
reconciling distance functions and level sets j gomes   o faugeras lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
reference reconciliation in complex information spaces x dong   a halevy   j madhavan   
guest editor 's introduction : user interfacesâ ¿ opening a window on the computer d hix ieee software   1989.0 
symbolic math software b simon pc magazine   august    
plasma etching   an introduction 1academic dm manos   dl flamm san diego    
merging models based on given correspondences pa bernstein   ra pottinger proc . 29th vldb conference   berlin  
homoplasy : academic press mj sanderson   l hufford san diego   calif    
improving the tcpa specification b arbaugh   
sources of solutes in precipitation and surface runoff of mixed-conifer and alpine catchments in the mr williams  1997.0 
physiology and biochemistry of seeds in relation to germination . vol . 2   viability   dormancy   and jd bewley   m black  1982.0 
im . ode strikes the right cord h curtis electronic news    
efficiently publishing relational data as xml documents j shanmungasundaram   e shekita   r barr   m carey   b & hellip ; . of the int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )   cairo   & hellip ;    
indexing and retrieval of video based on spatial relation sequences s daä?taå ?   a ghafoor proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   1999.0 
generative video : a meta video representation rs jasinschi submitted to publication    
patterns of contact and communication in scientific collaboration r kraut   c egido   j galegher proc acm cscw    
occupational stress in nigeria police force . ondo state university   nigerial eo akinnawo unpublished manuscript    
under pressure of publicity and the subsequent reactions from animal welfare   environmental and nrc handelsblad see    
significance in scale space f godtliebsen   js marron   p chaudhuri unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
the canvass news video composition g ahanger   tdc little online demonstration   http://hulk . bu . edu/projects/fap / demo & hellip ;    
first lakhtin memorial lecture : international federation for heat treatment and surface engineering t bell zurich   switzerland  
guest editor 's introduction wc newstetter journal of the learning  
a system for automatic personalized tracking of scientific literature on the web kd bollacker   s lawrence   cl giles   
special issue editorial k ramamohanarao the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
evaluation of the effectiveness of pingers to reduce incidental entanglement of harbor porpoise in a jl laake   pj gearin   me gosho   rl delong md    
a support for communication in software processes m amiour   j estublier   
measurement of the fission cross section ratios 223 th/235 u and 234 u/235 u in the neutron energy bi fursov   ey baranov   mp klemyshev   bf samylin   at .  
a survey of ems users at darcom . rr panko   ru panko computer networks    
transputer control of a puma 560 robot via the virtual bus rw daniel   
disaster could endanger chip industry . p kallender electronic news    
e cient fair queueing using de cit round robin m shreedhar   g varghese proceedings of acm sigcomm   1995.0 
business must fill educational gap j akers computerworld    
management information systems towards the new economy : the new digital enterprise sp anastasiades alfa scientific books editions   athens   greece  
cleâ $ ment   n.   and coujou   a.   1999 m jouiad   f pettinari phil .  
threading stories and generating topic structures in news videos across different sources x wu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
enterprise integration technologiesâ ?? what is it and what can it do for me ? s vodicka   nc cary   
environmental evangelist j kador electronic business    
foreword fmh schek the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1992.0 
comic d1 . 1 issues of supporting organisational context in cscw systems b liam   s kjel  1993.0 
the hidden subgroup problem and eigenvalue estimation on a quantum computer m mosca   a ekert lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
learning localized heuristics in batch scheduling r matthew lispe technical report   department of chemical engineering    
the effective of gloss for the text database discovery problem hgoms luisgravano   a tomasic proc . of the acm sigmod conference   acm sigmod record    
summary cache : a scalable wide-area web cache sharing protocol j almeida   a broder   p cao   l fan proc . of acm sigcomm    
ieee 754 : an iinterview with william kahan c severance ieee  
speaking her mind : adult learning and women 's adult development . k taylor new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0 
encapsulation-an issue for legacy systems b cordingley   h dai bt technology journal   1993.0 
db : web services policy framework ( ws-policy ) s bajajâ ? ¦ technical report   bea systems   ibm   microsoft   sap ag   sonic  
towards a new multimedia synchronization mechanism and its formal definition jp courtiat   rc de oliveira   lfr da costa carmo proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
distributed processes : a concurrent programming concept comm p brinch-hansen   
universal standardization of bone density measurements : a method with optimal properties sl hui   s gao   xh zhou   cc johnston   y lu   cc  1996.0 
final evaluation of the harbinger program as a demonstration project r mulder unpublished manuscript    
from chromosomal aberrations to genes : linking the cytogenetic and sequence maps of the human genome vg cheungâ ? ¦   
physiology of olivocochlear efferents jj guinan springer handbook of auditory research   1996.0 
location information from the cellular networkâ ?? an overview w millar bt technology journal   2003.0 
environmental concentrations of some of the major inorganic pollutants at the barc site   trombay   pk zutshi   r sequeira   tn mahadevan   t banerjee  1969.0 
the current state of edi in greece gi doukidis   a fragopoulou   j anagnostopoulos 1st greek edi conference   athens   greece   november    
neuroleptic malignant syndrome associated with olanzapine therapy : a case report sc stanfield   t privette journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
contract manufacturers aloof toward rivals ? b levine electronic news    
archaeological survey of mossyrock reservoir . ws dancey  1969.0 
the nu ( sub 4 ) and nu ( sub 7 ) bands of cd 3 cn with coriolis coupling and other resonance m koivusaari   r anttila proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
detection of chlamydia by dna hybridization with a native chlamydial plasmid probe s kahane   i sarov submitted for publication    
ten steps to a secure wireless network k karagiannis pc magazine    
providing vcr capabilities in large-scale video servers jk dey-sircar   jd salehi   jf kurose   d towsley proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
a semantics for model management operators s melnik   pa bernstein   a halevy   e rahm   
clothing the e-emperor jr michener   sd mohan   
recognizing problems in state universities . cj ping new directions for higher education   1986.0 
evaluating cavern tests and subsurface subsidence using simple numerical models   7th symp . on salt ll van sambeek vol .  
language and freedom n chomsky abraxas   i    
subunit-dependent assembly of inward-rectifier k ^ + channels e glowatzki   g fakler   u brandle   u rexhausen   hp proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
scientific staff bw olesen  2006.0 
synthesizing independent database schemas proc j biskup   u dayal   pa bernstein acmsigmod int conf management of data   boston   mass   may    
metabolic engineering of yeast zp cakar  2000.0 
information and communications technologies to facilitate concurrent engineering in construction cj anumba   g baron   a duke bt technology journal   1997.0 
developing power tools for video indexing and retrieval h zhang   sw smoliar proc . spie   1994.0 
the gemâ ?? stone data management system   object-oriented concepts   databases   and applications mj carey   dj dewitt   jf richardson   ej shekita  1989.0 
nephrotic syndrome associated with inhaled allergens hj wittig   as goldman lancet i   1970.0 
databases on the web : technologies for federation architectures and case studies ( tutorial ) . acms anthology   p edition   
distinguishing the effects of functional and dysfunctional conflict on strategic decision making : ac amason the academy of management journal   1996.0 
conf . on computer graphics acm annual acm press    
cream-creating metadata for the semantic web shs staab computer networks    
optimizing student-institution fit . te williams new directions for higher education   1986.0 
environmental influences on film durability i vulic   jm zenner proc . of 29th nat . agric . plastics  
big retail sap project put on ice c stemand   
goldsack   and levy cc dilworth phil . mag    
automatic data base schema design mf mitoma   kb irani proc . 1st int . conf . very large data bases ( acm )    
on the manner in which cotton unites with colouring matter w crum phil mag    
rewriting of rules containing set terms in a logic data language ldl o shmueli   s tsur   c zaniolo proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1988.0 
academic press rc elton   x lasers san diego    
a new substitution   gamma 358 ser - > cys   in fibrinogen milano vii causes defective fibrin c steinmann   m jungo   
the consolidation of local government : summary of findings . e bridges the municipal partnership demonstration project   march    
a survey of schema-based matching approaches p shvaiko   j euzenat   
a new multicast-based architecture for internet host mobility l blazevic   jy le boudec proc . acm mobicomâ ?? 97    
the jain cosmology c caillat   r kumar  1981.0 
knowing and caring about children of the depression m zarnowski social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
an approximate max-flow min-cut theorem ibr uniform multicommodity flow problems with applications ft leighton   s rae proc . of 29th focs  
an organization-wide approach to improving ed patient satisfaction : one community teaching lm vescio   sp donahoe   c gentile journal of emergency nursing   1999.0 
outline form of structure rules provides essentials p babcock   
multimodal interfaces that process what comes naturally s oviatt   p cohen communications-acm   2000.0 
what can hierarchies do for data warehouses ? hv jagadish   lvs lakshmanan   d srivastava proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 
ontology versioning and change detection on the web m klein   d fensel   a kiryakov   d ognyanov lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
a survey of terminal protocols fn magnee   a endrizzi   j day computer networks    
arithmetic methods trade off precision for numerical range r frisch   b isenstein   s stein electronic  
simulation of the effect of o 2 and h 2 on the concentration of radiolysis products in the vvã?r -440 bg ershov   av gordeev at .  
decision analysis tools for genco dispatch gb sheble proc . 21st int . conf . power ind. comput .  
â ?? crystal growth and ferroelectric related properties of ( 1â ?? x ) pb ( a 1/3 nb 2/3 ) o 3â ?? xpbtio 3 se park   ml mulvihill   pd lopath   m zipparo   tr see  
a traverse of the margin of the ionian basin to the hellenides : a coincident seismic survey and m sachpazi   a hirn   m loucoyannakis spec . publ . geol . soc . greece   athens    
geo-economic competition and trade bloc formation : united states   german   and japanese exports   1968 jo ` loughlin   l anselin economic geography   1996.0 
dynamic data flow analysis for java programs as boujarwah   k saleh   j al-dallal information & software technology   2000.0 
incremental maintenance of materialized ontologies r volz   s staab   b motik lecture notes in computer science    
implementing the beam and warming method on the hypercube jl bruno   pr cappello   
mining data streams : a review mm gaber   a zaslavsky   s krishnaswamy sigmod record   2005.0 
broadband signalling-acronyms ig dufour bt technology journal   1998.0 
it acceptance : managing user-it group boundaries d gefen   cm ridings data base for advances in information systems   2003.0 
development of financial markets and corporate governance in the russian federation j litwak aaass meetings in seattle   washington ( november )    
the generalized tree protocol : an efficient approach for managing replicated data d agarwal   ae abbadi acm transactions on database systems    
assessing emergency medicine resident communication skills using videotaped patient encounters : gaps s rosenzweig   tp brigham   rd snyder   g xu   aj journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
harbor porpoise   phocoena phocoena   population assessment studies for oregon and washington in 1993 . s osmek   pe rosel   ae dizon   rl delong md    
research centers u cetintemel acm sigmod record   2005.0 
nutrient potential of indigenous fruits and vegetables in sarawak cy sim   bh voon proc . 29th annual research officersâ ?? conference   & hellip ;    
the semantic integration workshop at iswc 2003 a doan   a halevy   n noy sigmod record   2004.0 
trade credit   quality guarantees   and product marketability ms long   ib malitz   sa ravid financial management   1993.0 
shifts and twists in the relative productivity of skilled labor : reconciling accelerated sbtc with a dupuy   p marey unpublished manuscript    
chip-secured data access : reconciling access rights with data encryption l bouganim   fd ngoc   p pucheral   l wu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
information management for genome level bioinformatics nw paton   ca goble proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0 
cy andh . v. jagadish . schema-free xquery y li proc . of vldb    
a psychologically based system of response classification he adams   ja doster   ks calhoun see ref    
dbcache : a project on database caching support for web applications c mohan   
directory-based cache management in multiprocessors h cheong   av veidenbaum ieee computer    
application of acoustic emission technique to determination of in situ stresses in mines m utagawa   m seto   k katsuyama proc . 26th int . conf . safety in mines research institute vol    
la form   prã © dicat de la matiere ? j brunschwig & hellip ; sur la mdtaphysique d &#39; aristote   proceedings of the sixth & hellip ;    
wic : a general-purpose algorithm for monitoring web information sources s pandey   k dhamdhere   c olston proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
a model for the software engineering component of a software engineering curriculum dj bagert information and software technology    
equipment selection and utilization jm rendu proceedings on mine planning and equipment selection   & hellip ;   1988.0 
the peer support group needed to guide organizational change processes mj austin new directions for higher education   1997.0 
the effect of worker productivity on production smoothing mg orrbeck   dr schuette   he thompson management science   1968.0 
picodbms : validation and experience ' . 27th int n anciaux   c bobineau   l bouganim   p pucheral   p conf . on very large data bases    
dual disorders : final report and recommendations on managing people with a coexisting mental health j mooney southern area health service   nsw    
evaluating new media systems re rice new directions for program evaluation   1984.0 
sexual dimorphism   sex ratios and polygyny in the red-winged blackbird cr haigh  1968.0 
eine neue methode zur erforschung der zugorientierung und die bisher damit erzielten ergebnisse g kramer proc . int . ornithol . congr    
hmmer 1.8 program : hidden markov models of proteins and dna sequence s eddy  1995.0 
l. rivest th cormen   ce leiserson andr introduction to  
over-the-horizon radar in the hf band jm headrick   mi skolnik ieee   proceedings   1974.0 
running microsoft excel 97 m dodge   c kinata   c stinson  1997.0 
assessing the current state of intellectual relationships between the decision support systems area sb eom   
data base provides business model fa dottore computerworld    
making and selling bark products j mater   r martin   d williams   r sarles   f lamb   r proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting in july    
a general method for scaling up machine learning algorithms and its application to clustering p domingos   g hulten   
cloning and characterization of mcrip2   a mouse lim-only protein that interacts with pdz domain iv m van ham   h croes   j schepens   j fransen   b genes to cells   2003.0 
the evolution of the bioenergetic processes e broda   
a background subtraction for a vision-based user interface dha woo procs . ieee joint conf . on information   communications and  
minutes from fifth meeting of the alaska scientific review group   7-9 may 1997 dp demaster seattle   washington    
analysis and validation of continuous queries over data streams q jiang   s chakravarthy   
new partnership with acm and update on the journal m tamer ã?zsu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
maternal antigen avoidance during pregnancy for preventing atopic disease in infants of women at ms kramer cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
applications of n york computer  
catalytic asymmetric synthesis special issue . cs foote acc chem res   2000.0 
body condition   ovarian hierarchies   and their relation to egg formation in anseriform and galliform vg thomas proc . int . ornithol . congress    
new results in 2-d systems theory   part i : 2-d polynomial matrices   factorization   and coprimeness m morf   bc levy   sy kung proc . ieee    
h. 1995 . generalizing gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies l gravano   g ä ± a-molina proceedings of the 21st international conference on very  
a new look at laser chemistry rd levine   kl kompa acc . chem . res    
parallel processing techniques for hidden surface removal m kaplan   dp greenberg acm siggraph computer graphics   1979.0 
september 1995 . generalising gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies l gravano   h garcia-molä ± na proceedings of 21st international conference on very large  
h. garc a-molina   and a. tomasic . the eectivenessof gloss for thetext-databasediscoveryproblem l gravano proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod conference   may    
photobiology : academic press e kohen   r santhus   jg hirschberg san diego   ca    
histã ³ ria econã ³ mica mundial   vol v prada   
tsql2 language specification rt snodgrass acm sigmod record   1994.0 
wealth reduction in white knight bids a banerjee   je owers   
physical adsorption of gases and vapours s brunauer vol .  
a selection of samplers : comments on archaeo-statistics gl cowgill see ref    
the table lens : merging graphical and symbolic representations in an effective focus + context r rao   sk card proceedings of acm sigchi 1994    
development of videometric system for dynamic phenomena monitoring e tournas  2003.0 
minicon : a scalable algorithm for answering queries using views r pottinger   a halevy the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
stable mixed hematopoietic chimerism in dla-identical littermate dogs given sublethal total body r storb   c yu   jl wagner   hj deeg   ra nash   hp blood-new york -   1997.0 
an efficient algorithm for eigenspace updating and merging a franco   a lumini   d maio submitted for  
title of article ab author title of  
the lecture : analyzing and improving its effectiveness . ld fink new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
a simplifier for untyped lambda expressions   computer science department l galbiati   c talcott  1990.0 
internet 0â ?? inter-device internetworking r krikorian   n gershenfeld bt technology journal   2004.0 
optimale modeilfolgesteuerung mit quadratischem gutekriterium   angewandt auf einen p pelczewski   u kunz automatisierungstechnik ( at )    
state of the art in workflow management system research and products . tutorial notes c mohan 5th international conference on extending database & hellip ;    
characteristics and modelling of physical limnological processes m laska eidgenossische technische hochschule . zurich   switzerland    
krivanek 0 l and rudee ml 1973 a howie phil . mag    
lssol users guide 1.0 p gill   w murray   m saunders  1990.0 
the de dicto domain in language . z frajzyngier approaches to grammaticalization    
yyj u tietze acc . chem . res   1971.0 
business partnerships a brown   ml buck   e skinner   
a framework for evaluating the effectiveness of real-time object-oriented models p kumarakulasingam   h saiedian information & software technology   2002.0 
evaluating top-k queries over web-accessible databases a marian   n bruno   l gravano acm transactions on database systems   2004.0 
stacker 3.1 for windows & dos c barr pc magazine    
ubiquitous media agents for managing personal multimedia files wy liu   z chen   f lin   r yang   mj li   hj zhang proceedings of acm  
an essay on trade and transformation sb linder  1961.0 
a2000 waste management monitoring report b nevada area    
oscillations and traveling waves in chemical systems rj field   m burger  1985.0 
space efficiency in synopsis construction problems s guha proc . of vldb conference    
protecting the environment from waste disposal : the cement kiln option s herat environment protection engineering   1997.0 
ethnic factor in the himalayan kingdoms k labh international studies-bombay then new delhi -   1995.0 
an investigation of the partitioning of algorithms across an mimd computing system e gilbert technical report   computer systems laboratory   stanford  
on multi-agent systems specification via deontic logic a lomuscio   m sergot lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
web servers benchmark tests   '' g alwang pc magazine    
natural products radical reactions d monti   p tagliatesta   t boschi   uã?s di roma   t acc . chem . res   1991.0 
a vision of management of complex models pa bernstein   r pottinger sigmod record   2000.0 
potential for the dvelopment of and the possibility of attaining a state of radiation equivalence of eo adamov   ba gabaraev   ik ganevâ ? ¦ at .  
multimedia data base management : applications and a position paper s christodoulakis proc . of the acm sigmod conf    
1993 a cypher watch what i do : programming by  
managing change requests effectively d bustard   a sweeney software quality management-international conference -   1997.0 
the use of state tying in continuous speech recognition sj young   pc woodland proc . eurospeech    
a hidden markov model based keyword recognition system rc rose   db paul   
data movement and control substrate for parallel scientific computing n chrisochoides   i kodukula   k pingali lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
the development of an instrument for inventorying knowledge of the processes of science ww welch  1966.0 
sex role adaptability : one consequence of psychological androgyny sl bern journal of personality and social psychology    
what should introductory courses do ? . mw gregory new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 
m.   and mcclure   w. 0 . ( 1968 ) g edelman acc . chem .  
transgenic cotton present and future gm jividen proceedings of the 23rd international cotton conference    
5 steps to success in lead-free soldering -- step 4 : implement lead-free manufacturing g diepstraten electronic production    
models of man ha simon  1957.0 
the variation of plasma energy loss with composition in dilute aluminum-magnesium solid solutions g hibbert   jw edington   db williams   p doig phil . mag.   1972.0 
atre   and anne-marie kermarrec . coma : an opportunity for building fault-tolerant scalable shared c morin   a geaut   m ban proceedings of the 23rd annual international symposium on  
automatic photo pop-up d hoiem   aa efros   m hebert proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 
the cell probe complexity of dynamic data structures m fredman   m saks proceedings of the twenty-first annual acm symposium on & hellip ;   1989.0 
related tt viruses in chimpanzees m cong virology-new york -   2000.0 
on the optimal blocking factor for blocked   non-overlapped schedules pk murthy   ea lee proc . 28th asilomar conf . signals   systems   and  
erp system migrations m kremers   h van dissel communications-acm   2000.0 
multilingual topic detection and tracking : successful research enabled by corpora and evaluation in c wayne athens   greece   may    
bumping windows between monitors t regan   m czerwinski   b meyers   g smith   
art and history of washington dc florence   italy : bonechi   1998 i smith   r bruce   
maximum a posteriori ( map ) estimator for polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) processes h kakavand   doâ ?? brien   a hassibi   th lee   
light therapy for managing sleep   behaviour   and mood disturbances in dementia d forbes   dg morgan   j bangma   s peacock   n cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
methyl 3   5-dinitro-trans-cinnamate cvk saarma   r desira acc . chem .  
performance engineering of sdl/msc systems a mitschele-thiel   b mueller-clostermann computer networks   1999.0 
guest editor 's introduction : assuring software quality assurance jm voas ieee software   2003.0 
theorem proving via general mappings pb andrews journal of the acm ( jacm )   1981.0 
econometric analysis of china 's agricultural trade behaviour   proceedings of the fifth symposium of ws chern   s yu san diego   california    
assessment of the role of renewable energy technologies r banerjee   
organic reactions . rc fuson   ch mckeever vol .  
state university ofnm jc connolly york  
the modes of action of spinosad and other insect control products vl salgado down to earth    
on the optimality of conditional expectation as a bregman predictor a banerjee   x guo   h wang submitted for publication   2003.0 
professor   department of applied mathematics and statistics   the johns hopkins university   baltimore ce priebe   
continuous queries over data streams s balu   j widom   
subscales for scales 5 and 0 of the mmpl k serkownek unpublished manuscript    
widomj ( 2003 ) adaptivefiltersforcontinuous queries over distributed data streams jj olstonc proceedings of acm sigmod  
an information theoretic analysis of maximum likelihood mixture estimation for exponential families a banerjee   i dhillon   j ghosh   s merugu proc . 21st int . conf . machine learning   2004.0 
position calibration of audio sensors and actuators in a distributed computing platform v raykar   i kozintsev   r lienhart   
creating your reflection map j eyler new directions for higher education   2001.0 
dynamic exercise therapy for rheumatoid arthritis ch van den ende   tp vliet vlieland   m munneke   jm cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
foreword ee garcia   
oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of rotavirus infection in low birth weight infants p mohan   k haque cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
treating sickle cell pain : an update from the georgia comprehensive sickle cell center a platt   jr eckman   j beasley   g miller journal of emergency nursing   2002.0 
isolation of a new human t-lymphotropic retrovirus ( lav ) from a married couple of zairians   one with a ellrodt   f barrã © - sinoussi   p le bras   mt lancet i    
tutorial : computer system monitors gj nutt   
managing customer services : human resource practices   quit rates   and sales growth r batt academy of management journal   2002.0 
d   berger   p. sinha   s. krishnamurthy   m. faloutsos   and sk tripathi   â ?? alleviating mac layer self - z ye proc . of acm mobicom 2003 poster    
osha releases final rules for workplace ergonomics p thibodeau computerworld    
transcriptional and posttranscriptional regulation of the interleukin-4 and interleukin-3 genes in wha dokter   mt esselink   sj sierdsema   mr halie   
high resolution nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy [ russian translation ] jw emsley   j feeney   lh sutcliffe vol . i   ''  
foreword j remane   
crawling the hidden web . h garcia-molina   s raghavan 27th international conference on very large data bases    
on the definition of distance in general relativity   '' imh etherington phil . mag    
composing user interfaces with interviews a mark ieee computer    
birbal : a computer-based devilâ ?? s advocateâ ??   391-402 in sa raghavan proceedings of the 23rd annual hawaii international & hellip ;    
databases on the web : technologies for federation architectures and case studies r kramer   
et zaniolo c.   â ?? an implementation of gem : supporting u semanticdata model on a relational back-end s tsur proc . acm-sigmod conference on management of data   boston    
student manual : introduction to oceanography wa prothero university of california   santa barbara    
the biology of calanoid copepods : academic press j mauchline san diego   ca    
virology   pathogenetic mechanisms   and associated diseases of kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus r sarid   a klepfish   a schattner mayo clinic proceedings   2002.0 
amputees : skin problems and prostheses sw levy cutis-new york -   1995.0 
xperanto : middleware for publishing object-relational data as xml documents mj carey   j kiernan   j shanmugasundaram   ej vldb   2000.0 
a. tomasic   â ?? gloss : text-source discovery over the internetâ ?? l gravano   h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems    
a waterborne outbreak of gastroenteritis in adults associated with escherichia coli sa schroeder   jr caldwell   tm vernon   pc white   si lancet i   1968.0 
preface : introduction to special sectionâ ?? business models r alt electronic markets   2001.0 
the application of the cop888 to a 2-wheel abs system r duengen  1989.0 
strategizing throughout the organization : managing role conflict in strategic renewal sw floyd   pj lane academy of management review   2000.0 
out of mind but back in sight : stereotypes on the rebound cn macrae   gv bodenhausen   ab milne   j jetten journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
virtual document generation from multimedia repositories if cruz   wt lucas proc . 5th acm int . multimedia conf    
epidemiologic studies of microwave effects c silverman ieee   proceedings   1980.0 
speechdat multilingual speech databases for teleservices : across the finish line h hoege   c draxler   h van den heuvel   ft johansen   proceedings eurospeech   1999.0 
metamagical themas : questing for the essence of mind and pattern d hofstadter   
exotica/fmqm : a persistent message-based architecture for distributed workflow management g alonsoâ ? ¦  1994.0 
mbd2-mbd3 complex binds to hemimethylated dna and forms a complex containing dnmt1 at the k tatematsu   t yamazaki   f ishikawa genes to cells   2000.0 
turning an art into a craft : automatic bindingtime improvement m sperber   p thiemann  1995.0 
sustainability and environmental assessment b simpson geography   1996.0 
temperate field corn study   1991 thru 1993 . p. 40-47 ea hanlon   db shibles   tc riddle polk county mined lands agricultural research/demonstration & hellip ;    
leap : a fipa platform for handheld and mobile devices f bergenti   a poggi lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
managing conflict in the workplace p varhol electronic design    
london research centre wmae inventory isbn    
taking a stand : the look-and-feel issue examined wl rosch pc magazine   may    
random duplicated assignment : an alternative to striping in video servers jhm korst   
water and sanitation services to the urban poor in the developing world h giles   b brown geography   1997.0 
re-engineering option analysis for managing software rejuvenation f lin information and software technology   1993.0 
feature combination and interaction detection via foreground/background models rj hall computer networks   2000.0 
fabric computing interfaces m orth   r post   e cooper proceedings of acm  
the general phonetic characteristics of languages ; final report   1967-1968 . p delattre  1968.0 
applications of almost period conpactifications k de leeuw   i glicksberg to  
ultraviolet colour vision and ornamentation in bluethroats s andersson   t amundsen proceedings : biological sciences   1997.0 
a maximum likelihood model for topic classification of broadcast news r schwartz   t imai   f kubala   l nguyen   j makhoul proc . eurospeech    
comaâ ?? a system for flexible combination of match algorithms hh do   e rahm  2002.0 
land degradation   state power   and peasant livelihood in attappadi ( kerala state   india ) wr hoeschele geography    
an evaluation of earcons for use in auditory human-computer interfaces sa brewster   pc wright   adn edwards proceedings of interchi   1993.0 
obtaining of pest resistant cotton by transforming mediated agrobacterium . new fron-tiers in cotton w wang   z zhu   cy deng  1998.0 
the multiplicative effects of context switching   congruity   predictability and dominance in speeded n sriram   i lee submitted for publication.    
state feedback sliding mode control of a class of uncertain time delay systems n luo   m de la sen   
daisy : a simulationâ ?? based highâ ?? level synthesis tool for modulators k francken   p vancorenland   g gielen proceedings ieee/acm international conference on computerâ ??  
the rotational structure of the nu ( sub 6 ) vibration band of ch 3 i ( abstract only ) s alanko   r paso proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
employee participation : diverse forms and different outcomes jl cotton   da vollrath   kl froggatt   ml lengnick - the academy of management review   1988.0 
a non-hierarchical procedure for re-synthesis of complex textures p harrison   
a scorm-compliant content repository management system for teachers at primary & secondary school jt yang   cy tsai proceedings of icalt2003 . athens : greece    
projectively invariant symbol map and cohomology of vector fields lie algebras intervening in pba lecomte   v ovsienko   
the new reporters : students rate instruction . rj menges new directions for higher education   1973.0 
the host-mediated assay   a practical procedure for evaluating potential mutagenic agents in mammals ms legator   hv malling see ref    
full text pdf format pdf ( 13 kb ) source the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large mt ã?zsu   s christodoulakis the vldb journalâ ?? the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
cultural considerations for evaluation consulting in the egyptian context fm seefeldt new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
framework adaption via active cockbooks and framework construction via relations w pree  1994.0 
thinning operator for continuous query language over data streams l ma   w nutt   
blocking of mechanosensitivity in hydrozoan nematocytes by a monoclonal antibody p lawonn   r golz   u thurm proceedings of the 23rd gã ¶ ttingen neurobiology conference . & hellip ;    
zahlenwerten und funktionen h landolt   r bornstein vol . i    
contexts : a formalization and some applications 12 rv guha  1991.0 
boundary integral equation analysis for a class of earth-structure interaction problems fj rizzo   dj shippy   m rezayat final report to  
load curves : support for rate-based congestion control in high-speed datagram networks cl williamson   dr cheriton proc . acm  
noisy time series prediction using recurrent neural networks and grammatical inference cl giles   s lawrence   ac tsoi machine learning   2001.0 
awareness in collaborative systems : a chi 97 workshop se mcdaniel   t brinck acm sigchi bulletin   1997.0 
a vision for management of complex models pa bemsten   ay levy   ra pottinger technical report msr-tr-2000-53   microsoft research    
a new methodology for speech corpora definition from internet documents cbjfsl besacier   d vaufreydaz   m akbar proceedings of the lrec   athens   greece    
support vector machines : training and applications   training and applications e osuna   r freund   f girosi technical report   massachusetts institute of technology   ai memo  
physicochemical and environmental plant physiology.â ?? academic press ps nobel san diego    
sap expects record profits l rohde computerworld    
projecting xml elements a marian   j simã © on int . conference on very large databases vldbâ ?? 03    
intel spin-off to aid mass customization j mathew electronic news    
query optimization for codasyl database systems u dayal   n goodman   
limits on multiple instruction issue md smith   m johnson   ma horowitz proceedings of the third international conference on & hellip ;   1989.0 
opportunity   abundance   scarcity : an overview g pontecorvo id .  
model indepenient & ertions for integration of heterogeneous schemas s soaccaoietra   p parent   y dunont vldb journal   no    
tackling malnutrition : what can targeted nutritional interventions achieve ? g kumar   f stewart poverty in india   oxford university press   bombay    
fluxquery : an optimizing xquery processor for streaming xml data c koch   s scherzinger   n schweikardt   b stegmaier proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
pharmacokinetics of fk506 in transplant patients   a jain   vs wartyâ ? ¦  1991.0 
statix : making xml count j freire   jr haritsa   m ramanath   p roy   j simeon   
lifetime of the 1 . 959 mev state in cl-36 ( abstract only ) a kuronen   j keinonen   p tikkanen   a kangasmaki oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
student self-evaluation : an introduction and rationale e kusnic   ml finley new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
function definition in higher-order logic k slind lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
a survey of approaches to automatic schema matching pa bernstein   e rahm vldb journal    
new technologies   old politics : political dimensions in the management of academic support services . rm johnson new directions for higher education   1995.0 
activex overview c kindel  1997.0 
s + spatialstats userâ ?? s manual   version 1.0 ms inc mathsoft inc.   seattle   washington   usa    
shell-model calculations of interaction energies between point defects and dislocations in ionic mp puls   ch woo   mj norgett phil . mag    
ise integrated system engineering iset manual zurich   switzerland    
overview of the media in russia   1994 j wishnevsky unpublished  
garciaâ?º molina   h. ( 1995 ) . generalizing gloss to vectorâ?º space databases and broker hierarchies l gravano proc . 21st int . conf . on very large data  
unstable optical resonators for laser applications ae siegman proc . ieee    
a conceptual architecture for semantic enabled web services c bussler   a maedche   d fensel acm sigmod    
a holistic paradigm for schema matching b he   kcc chang sigmod  
functionalitiesand limitationsof current workflow management systems g alonso   d agrawal   a el abbadi   c mohan technical report   ibm almaden research center   1997 . to appear  
factors affecting design inspection effectiveness in software development t raz   at yaung information and software technology   1997.0 
b. bhattacharjee . and c. kommareddy . scalable application layer multicast s banerjee proceedings of acm sigeomm   august    
spatial variability of midtropospheric circulation patterns and associated surface climate in the mj keables physical geography    
u-tel : a tool for eliciting user task models from domain expert r chung-man   dt maulsby   a puerta proceedings acm  
corporate mis/dp and end user computing : the emergence of a new partnership sk kwan   kf curley acm sigmis database   1989.0 
0 . e.   and heike   v.   1965 a animalu phil .  
an algorithm for answering queries efficiently using views p mitra   
clinical applications of the auditory brainstem responseâ ?? introduction and overviewâ ?? singular lj hood san  
counter current studies on actinide partitioning from sulphate bearing simulated high level waste ds deshingkar  1993.0 
managing legitimacy : strategic and institutional approaches mc suchman the academy of management review   1995.0 
autecology of young-of-the-year brook trout ( salvelinus fontinalis ) in the emerald lake system ( cr soiseth  1992.0 
picodbms : validation and experience n anciaux   c bobineau   l bouganim   p pucheral   p proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
service level management with agent technology t bissel   m bogen   c bonkowski   v hadamschek computer networks   2000.0 
ge x si 1-x modulation-doped p-channel field-effect transistors tp pearsall   jc bean   r people   at fiory proc . int . symp . si-mbe    
een boek vol bomen m lozet   
non-malleable encryption : equivalence between two notions   and an indistinguishability-based m bellare   a sahai lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
unusual congenital brain malformations with associated defects of the vrolik collection : meckel - b baljet   f van der werf   rj oostra   b verbeeten learning and thinking   proceedings of the 23rd gã ¶ ttingen & hellip ;    
on the estimation of the number of desired records with respect to a given query ct yu   ws luk   mk siu acm transactions on database systems   1978.0 
almost homomorphisms and kk-theory a connes   n higson unpublished manuscript   1989.0 
firewalling the net sd hubbard   jc sager bt technology journal   1997.0 
sur la theorie non commutative de lâ ?? integration a connes  1979.0 
amd j j shanmugasundaram   j kiernan   ej shekita   c fan funderburk   â ?? querying xml views of relational dataâ ??   vldb    
rs crandall   s. guha and j. yang ah mahan   e iwaniczko   bp nelson   rc reedy jr proceedings of the 25 thieee photovoltaic specialists & hellip ;    
estimation and testing package ( egret ) e graphics seattle   washington : statistics and epidemiology research & hellip ;    
reconsidering mutli-dimensional schemas t martyn sigmod record   2004.0 
context nuggets : a smart-its game m beigl   a krohn   c decker   p robinson   t zimmer   demonstration : ubicomp   seattle    
atom ^ 3 : a tool for multi-formalism and meta-modelling j de lara   h vangheluwe lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
hyponatremia and seizures in an ultradistance triathlete-current concepts on pathogenesis and db speedy   i rogers   s safih   b foley journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
efficient cross-domain mechanisms for building kernel-less operating systems d probert   j bruno  1996.0 
managing user expectation f hayes computerworld    
cultural constraints on transfer of technology across nations : implications for research in bl kedia   rs bhagat the academy of management review   1988.0 
the use of glasgow coma scale in poisoning b chan   p gaudry   tm grattan-smith   r mcneil journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
design of a simulation environment based on software agents and the high level architecture z maamar information & software technology   2003.0 
sex role adaptability : one consequence of psychological androgyny sl bem journal of personality and social psychology    
managing knowledge about information system evolution m jarke   t rose   
die abhã $ ngigkeit des o 2-verbrauchs der niere von der na-rã 1/4 ckresorption p deetjen   k kramer pflã 1/4 gers archiv european journal of physiology   1961.0 
generalizinggloss to vector-space databases and broker hierachies lgh garcia-molina proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;    
photoinduced alignment of lc polymers by the combination of photo-orientation and thermotropic self - j stumpe   t fischer   m rutloh   r rosenhauer   jg proc . spie   1999.0 
sensitivity analysis of assumptions determining size and cost of lunar installations hh koelle technical university berlin   ilr    
benchmarking sap r/3 archiving scenarios b zeller   a kemper data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
variable-depth trie index optimization : theory and experimental results r ramesh   ajg babu   jp kincaid acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 
s-plus 2000 : programmerâ ?? s guide i mathsoft & hellip ; analysis products division   mathsoft   seattle   washington    
racial discrimination in housing sales : an empirical test of alternative models of broker behavior j simonson   r wienk unpublished manuscript    
methods of modern mathematical physics vol . ii + iii : academic press m reed   b simon san diego    
chronic continuous or intermittent infusion of cocaine differentially alter the concentration of st cain   d griff   cm joyner   eh ellinwood neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
ground state properties of the anisotropic triangular antiferromagnet p fazekas   pw anderson phil . mag.   1974.0 
weathering : its products and deposits ks balasubramaniam  1989.0 
world shrimp farming 2000 b rosenberry shrimp news international   2000.0 
metadata in video databases r jain   a hampapur sigmod record   1994.0 
techniques for indexing olap data s sarawagi technical report   ibm almaden research center   1997 . in  
gigabit wdm-pon system using spectrum-slicing technologies k akimoto   j kani   m teshima   k iwatsuki proc . 29th eur . conf . optical communication  
state constitutionalism and the domain of normative theory db rodriguez san diego law review   2000.0 
cost-benefit analysis and business case analysis of usability engineering c karat proceedings of acm chi    
institutional entrepreneurship in the sponsorship of common technological standards : the case of sun r garud   s jain   a kumaraswamy   
answering sql queries using views s dar   hv jagadish   ay levy   d srivastava proc . of vldb    
1998 education work plan cb federation  1997.0 
cedar : a large scale multiprocessor d gajski   d kuck   d lawrie   a sameh acm sigarch computer architecture news   1983.0 
the maxc systems er fiala ieee computer    
semantic video indexing : approach and issues a hampapur sigmod record   1999.0 
inhalation injury with burns : a lethal combination . dl blinn   h slater   iw goldfarb journal of emergency medicine   1988.0 
engineering and economics t hart electronic news    
a comparative study of language support for generic programming r garcia   j jarvi   a lumsdaine   j siek   j willcock   
learning to match ontologies a doan   j madhavan   r dhamankar   p domingos   ay vldb journal    
advanced synergetics : instability hierarchies of self-organizing systems and devices h haken  1993.0 
materials science and engineering m grujicic   g cao   s batchu   
coloured petri nets : a high level language for system design and analysis k jensen springer-verlag   1991.0 
the xml forms language [ j ] af kristensen computer networks    
existence of improper integrals with levy integrators and exponential levy integrands kb erickson   ra maller  2002.0 
frontal lobe functioning in adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder wv reeve   sl schandler adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 
museums and multimedia ( abstract ) : extending the experience beyond the museum 's walls r semper   a kramer proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
foreword pa simon advances in space research   1984.0 
the structure and reproduction of the algae fe fitsc vol . i.  
a new look at multi-modal modelling dc simmonds   j bates   ad may proc . 28th european transport conference . london : ptrc    
the inscription of difference : news coverage of the conflicts in rwanda and bosnia g myers   t klak   t koehl   
language   language awareness and foreign language learning s papaefthymiou-lytra  1987.0 
fine art of negotiating . g karrass computerworld.   1981.0 
composing monads using coproducts c luth   n ghani   
light-weight domain-based form assistant : querying web databases on the fly z zhang   b he   kcc chang proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
licking county   ohio   probate court record of registrations or corrections of births   vol . 1-19   lr   dd young   
r.   et al.   1994   tsql2 language specification s dgrass acm sigmod  
a theorem about concor j kruskal unpublished manuscript    
spam : technologies and policies j goodman   
the nature of reaction wood ab wardrop   he dadswell  1948.0 
the fifth discipline : the art and practice of the learning organization pm senge new york    
the vsi alliance : journey from vision to production d fairbankâ ? ¦ electronic  
title of article c schonenberger   jam sondag-huethorst   j jorritsma langmuir    
the network measurement system md abrams   iw cotton   sw watkins   r rosenthal   de submitted for  
leadership is an art reiters.com   
kernel-based reinforcement learning in average-reward problems d ormoneit   p glynn technical report   department of statistics   stanford university    
domain analysis : an introduction r prieto-diaz acm sigsoft software engineering notes   1990.0 
grammatik in gebruik-duits   intertaal   antwerpen   1999 r luscher   
3 ( nov. 21   1917 ) ny times   
e-mail servers j clyman pc magazine    
creating magic : system for generating learning object metadata for instructional content y li   c dorai   r farrell proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
k.   kim   w.   kim   h.-j.   korth   hf ( 1987 ) . semantics and implementation of schema evolution in b banerjee proc . acmsigmod conf.   san francisco    
farmacoterapia cardiovascular i : antisquã © micos cm de norteamã © rica vol i    
alive and well : jini technology today j waldo   
bt cto m carr bt technology journal   2004.0 
fice international bulletin   no. 2 m declaration & hellip ; federation of educative communities   zurich   switzerland    
salicylate pharmacokinetics in the human neonate g levy see ref    
flexible string matching against large databases in practice n koudas   a marathe   d srivastava proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
person of the day : cultural literacy in the elementary classroom . l northup social studies and the young learner   1992.0 
exploring the use of bittorrent as the basis for a large trace repository a bellissimo   bn levine   p shenoy   
differing patterns of head and facial injury with airbag and/or belt restrained drivers in frontal jr crandall   tp kuhlmann   pg martin   wd pilkey   t & hellip ; occupant restraint technologiesâ ??   procs joint aaam/ircobi & hellip ;    
nurse delegation : final report h young   s sikma   s eyres   d ward   b strong   g & hellip ; paper . university of washington   seattle   washington    
parallel query processing in shared disk database systems e rahm sigmod record   1993.0 
the next framework for logical xquery optimization a deutsch   y papakonstantinou   y xu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
capgras syndrome : a novel probe for understanding the neural representation of the identity and w hirstein   vs ramachandran proceedings : biological sciences   1997.0 
prosody-based automatic detection of annoyance and frustration in human-computer dialog j ang   r dhillon   a krupski   e shriberg   a stolcke   
an overview of the multiagent systems engineering methodology mf wood   sa deloach lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
three-dimensional reflection of shock waves propagating in square crosssectional tubes z jiang   o onodera   k takayama proc of the 21st int syrup on shock  
automatic construction of multifaceted browsing interfaces w dakka   pg ipeirotis   kr wood   
the faculty/librarian partnership . ra simon new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 
semantic issues in multidatabase systems - preface by the special issue editor ap sheth sigmod record    
ch . 5 : 09   â § 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) - ( b ) m act   
reckoning with the spiritual lives of adult educators lj vogel new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
state of the art of low noise amplifiers for semiconductor radiation detectors v radeka proc . int . symp . nuclear  
software reliability modelling : the state of the art p mellor information and software technology   1987.0 
meningeal involvement in wegener granulomatosis u specks   kg moder   tj mcdonaldâ ? ¦ mayo clinic proceedings   2000.0 
academic competitiveness among graduate students ma cretsinger  2003.0 
building fundamentally extensible application-specific operating systems in space [ probert   bruno ] d probert  1995.0 
verifying probabilistic water supply outlooks for the potomac river basin ss schwartz proc . 28th conf . and symp . on managing water resources & hellip ;    
u.â ?? an overview of data warehousing and olap technologyâ ?? sd chaudhuri technical report msrtr-97-14   microsoft corporation   march  
lingual ischemia following tongue entrapment in a glass bottle sj guha   nd catz journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
reconnecting bits and atoms g cosier   s whittaker bt technology journal   2001.0 
guest editor 's introduction portal.acm.org   
nitroglycerin in the treatment of cocaine associated chest pain-clinical safety and efficacy . j hollander   r hoffman   p gennis journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
the adaptive cross validation method-design and control of communication systems a svensson submitted for  
tl wilfong   aj francavilla   db wuertz   mk simon   and bl weber   1997 : application of the prototype da merritt proc . 28th conf . on radar  
answering queries from statistics and probabilistic views n dalvi   d suciu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
genres of digital documents introduction to the special issue of information   technology & people bh kwaå?nik   k crowston   
reflection and refraction of elastic waves with seismological applications cg knott phil . mag    
asymptotic stability of nonlinear filters in hidden markov models   '' tl lai  2003.0 
0 . e.   1965 aoe animalu phil . mag    
prescriptions for information systems planning in a turbulent environment h salmela   al lederer   t reponen   
state alzheimerâ ?? s association conference j cummings santa barbara   california : november    
senior certiã?cates ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? 66 u agreementã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã?ã ? annex i    
step inside the mind of a virus writer a robbins pc magazine    
esmolol : a unique drug with ed applications ma frakes journal of emergency nursing   2001.0 
on two species of porphyra from san juan island   washington v krishnamurthy proc . int . seaweed symp    
variable-structure control approach of decentralised model-reference adaptive systems x xiaohao   
regulating assisted reproductive technologies in canada . e montpetit unpublished manuscript    
academic press n geometry san diego    
cross-sensitivity and the anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome dm moss   m rudis   so henderson journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
the rhet system jf allen acm sigart bulletin   1991.0 
tutorial : state of the art in workflow management system research and products . a tutorial at the c mohan  1996.0 
low income parents and the parentsâ ?? fair share demonstration : an early qualitative look at low - e johnson   f doolittle new york : manpower demonstration research corporation   june    
on the definition of speedup ( parallel algorithms ) w ertel & hellip ; international parle conference proceedings   athens   greece   & hellip ;    
pfleiderer . disclosing information on the internet : is it noise or is it news a admati technical report   graduate school of business   stanford  
development and operation guide   p. 97 s ledray   
an accelerated introductory computer science course sequence for non-traditional masterâ ?? s students jd starkey   rs babcock   as defrance computer  
concepts and effectiveness of the cover-coefficient-based clustering methodology for text databases f can   ea ozkarahan acm transactions on database systems   1990.0 
effectiveness of transient immunosuppression using cyclosporine for xenomyoblast transplantation for hk haider   sj jiang   l ye   s aziz   pk law   ekw sim transplantation proceedings   2004.0 
enrollment management and its context . d hossler   f kemerer new directions for higher education   1986.0 
hulls of tame cantor sets m lawrence unpublished  
wireless beyond 3g : managing services and network resources p demestichas   l papadopoulou   v stavroulaki   m   
guest editor 's introduction : information customization j mostafa intelligent systems   ieee [ see also ieee expert ]   2002.0 
brave new apps : the application servers rv dragan pc magazine sept    
foreword d lemke highlights of astronomy   1998.0 
paris metro pricing a odlyzko proc . 1999 acm conf . electronic  
vocabulary of sociatry a thiel   
real-time stereo vision for urban traffic scene understanding u franke   a joos   
managing the search for new product concepts : a strategic approach nw mcguinness   ha conway r & d management    
introduction to non-linear laser spectroscopy academic md levenson san diego   calif    
special issue on molecular computing m conrad ieee computer    
prosocial development in early adulthood : a longitudinal study n eisenberg   ik guthrie   a cumberland   bc murphy   journal of personality and social psychology   2002.0 
preface to the special issue on spatial database systems rh gã 1/4 ting the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
issues in emerging 4 g wireless networks u varshney   r jain   
materialy 28 nauchno-tekhnicheskoi konf pm kruglyakov   aa tyurin proc . 28th scientific and technical conf . )   penza : penza  
a survey of eucalyptus species in tasmania rc brett pap . proc    
revue des connaissances actuelles sur la sensibilite alâ ?? electricitc statique des substances r rat   m roux   jp chaumat proceedings of the joumees dâ ?? etudes sur la sensibilite des  
cutoff for n-tuples of exponentially converging processes j barrera   b lachaud   b ycart  2005.0 
research studies on the effectiveness of supplemental instruction in mathematics pa kenney   jm kallisonâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
foreword rc nicol bt technology journal   1999.0 
a case study of a fast track sap r/3 implementation at guilbert n gibson electronic markets   1999.0 
forget x-ray vision specs   try radar flashlights d schiff electronic design    
z special issue : editorial jp bowen   mg hinchey information and software technology    
7700 14th avenue south se assessment   boc gases seattle   washington   delta environmental consultants   march    
the adsorption of gases and vapors   vol . 1 s brunauer i : physical  
the architecture of an active database management system u dayal   d mccarthy acm sigmod conf    
rule-based workflow management for bioinformatics j conery   j catchen   m lynch the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2005.0 
after the eruption : managing conflict in the classroom sa holton new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
performance limitations of cache-coherent numa and hierarchical coma multiprocessors and the at-coma a gupta   t joe   p stenstrom technical report csl-tr-92-524   stanford university    
bifidobacterium longum atcc 15707 production using free and immobilized cell fermentations in a whey c paquin   m leroy   c lacroix proceedings of the 23rd international dairy federation . & hellip ;    
recurrence of iga deposits/disease in grafts . an australian registry survey 1980-1990 r hartung   b livingston   l excell   a disney contributions to nephrology   1995.0 
performance evaluation of attribute-based tree organization v gopalakrishna   ce veni madhavan acm transactions on database systems   1980.0 
finding approximate matching of points and segments under translation a efrat unpublished manuscript    
amelioration of the macrothrombocytopenia associated with the murine bernard-soulier syndrome t kanaji   s russell   j ware blood-new york -   2002.0 
eon.â ?? statix : making xml countâ ?? j freire   jr haritsa   m ramanath   p roy   j sim proc . sigmod    
feasible itemset distributions in data mining : theory and application wa maniatty   g ramesh   mj zaki sigmod conference   san diego   usa    
picodmbs : scaling down database techniques for the smartcard c bobineau   l bouganim   p pucheral   p valduriez vldb   2000.0 
special issue : game engines in scientific research table of contents m lewis   j jacobson communications of the acm   2002.0 
learning source description for data integration ah doan   p domingos   ay levy webdb ( informal proceedings )   2000.0 
introduction to theoretical neurobiology : nonlinear and stochastic theories hc tuckwell introduction to theoretical neurobiology    
cache tables : paving the way for an adaptive database cache m altinel   c bornhovd   s krishnamurthy   c mohan   h proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
design of data warehouses using metadata l wu   l miller   s nilakanta information & software technology   2001.0 
optimizing sql queries for parallel execution g von bultzingsloewen acm sigmod record   1989.0 
object-oriented software engineeringâ ?? a use case driven approach addison-wesley   1992 i jacobson   m christerson   p jonsson   
the evolution of a festival : creole christmas in new orleans he chacko   jd schaffer tourism management   1993.0 
managing flexibility in a maketo-order environment e bish   a muriel   s biller  2001.0 
tioga : providing data management support for scientific visualization applications m stonebraker   j chen   n nathan   c paxson   j wu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
rate hike predicted for business users . p hirsch computerworld.   1982.0 
t.   khoo   m.   wright   m.   hoffman   m. : partnership reviewing js weatherley procs . acm/ieee jcdl  
analysis of bio-optical variability related to physical processes on the southern new england gc chang  1999.0 
motivation for higher-order learning jg donald new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
efficiently publishing relational data as xml documents b reinwald vldb 2000    
developing metadata-intensive applications with rondo s melnik   e rahm   pa bernstein journal of web semantics   2003.0 
oxford university press ; 2004 . 400 pã ¡ gs s amartya   
gloss : text-source discovery over the internet l gravano   h garcia-molina   a tomasic acm transactions on database systems   1999.0 
lompoc quadrangle usg survey california-santa barbara co    
dynamic plan migration for continuous queries over data streams y zhu   ea rundensteiner   gt heineman acm sigmod   2004.0 
steps to a smoother lager . j fiderio computerworld.   1988.0 
minimum-phase nonlinear discrete-time systems s monaco   d normand-cyrot proc . 28th conference on decision and control   los angeles   & hellip ;    
princenton university press hs weyl   
interaction of algorithm and implementation for analog vlsi stereo vision jm hakkarainen   jj little   hs lee   jl wyatt proc . spie   1991.0 
genetic bases of fish selection vs kirpichnikov  1981.0 
bambe   version 2.02 beta dl simon   b larget software at    
analog sorting network ranks inputs by amplitude and allows selection . dr morgan electronic design    
java object serialization specification revision 0.9 s microsystems found  
composing mappings among data sources a halevy   j madhavan proceedings of the conference on very large databases   & hellip ;    
on-to-knowledge : semantic web enabled knowledge management j davies   d fensel   f van harmelen  2002.0 
fisheye menu selection b bederson proc . acm uist  
work first : how to implement an employment focused approach to welfare a brown new york : manpower demonstration research corporation   march    
high-level copper feeding of swine and poultry and the ecology gk davis federation proceedings   vol 33   2 tab   25  
the evolution of host-parasite interaction pr day   ja barrett   ms wolfe see ref    
the definition and measurement of evaluation quality as a management tool e chelimsky new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 
planning : the current context . jd millett new directions for higher education   1980.0 
implementing xquery 1.0 : the galax experience m fernandez   j simeon   b choi   a marian   g sur proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
hamiltoniens periodiques sur les varietes symplectiques compactes de dimension 4   geometrie m audin proceedings    
bref   a large vocabulary spoken corpus for french lf lamel   jl gauvain   m eskã © nazi proc . eurospeech    
nunamiut ethnoarchaeology : academic press lr binford san diego    
optimal signature extraction and information loss c faloutsos   s christodoulakis acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 
w.   hardebeck   he   & moffet acs readhead   cr lawrence   st myers   wl sargent  1989.0 
evaluation of a novel â ?? intelligentâ ?? dosing system for optimizing fk 506 therapy j mcmichael   w irish   j mccauley   r shapiro   r transplant proc   1991.0 
clustering herds across country borders for international genetic evaluation ka weigel   r rekaya   
andc . mohan . functionalitiesand limitationsofcurrent workflow management systems g alonso   d agrawal   a elabbadi technical report   ibm almaden research center   1997 . to appear  
in stereochemical applications of gas-phase electron diffraction ls bartell hargittai    
on the complementarity of workflow management and business process modeling s jablonski acm sigois bulletin   1995.0 
mexicoâ ?? s progresa : using a poverty alleviation program as an incentive for poor families to invest p gertler   ja rivera   s levy   j sepãºlveda submitted for  
state of the art of commercial technology and research in workflow management a sheth   
attachment styles among young adults k bartholomew   lm horowitz journal of personality and social psychology   1991.0 
relational data mapping in miqis ghl fletcher   cm wyss proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
introduction to nonlinear optical effects in molecules and polymers pn prasad   dj williams  1991.0 
sub - m-machining of metallic materials with femtosecond excimer lasers j ihlemann   p simon   g marowsky laseropto-stuttgart -   1999.0 
guest editor 's introduction k aberer acm sigmod record   2003.0 
cache sensitive modulo scheduling j sfinchez   a gonzilez procs . of 3oth int . symp . on microarchitecture    
s-plus 2000 release 1 . ms inc & hellip ; data analysis products division : seattle   washington    
vacuum ultraviolet spectroscopy iiacademic press jar samson   dl ederer san diego    
improving the effectiveness of strategic decision making using an integrated decision support system h bidgoli   m attaran information and software technology   1988.0 
news video classification based on semantic attributes of captions i ide   r hamada   h tanaka   s sakai proc . 6th acm international conference    
implementing xquery using tax hv jagadishâ ? ¦ tech . report   u. michigan . june 2003 . in  
supporting executable mappings in model management s melnik   pa bernstein   a halevy   e rahm proc . acm sigmod   2005.0 
modeling hyperdocuments using the topic map architecture m biezunski proc . int . hytime conference . vancouver    
sugarcane genome analysis with molecular markers   a first decade of research adâ ?? hont   jc glaszmann proc . int . soc . sugarcane . technol    
views from the inside : results of the survey of aaea members on priorities for agricultural m ahearn   h bahn   p barry   s cordes   t hewitt   g md    
generalizing gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies . technicalreport   l gravano   h garcia-molina  1995.0 
academic press jd schmahmann   j doyon   aw toga   m petrides   ac san diego    
guest editor a dogac acm sigmod record special section on electronic commerce    
tutorial : partitioning of vlsi circuits and systems fr johannes proc . acm/ieee design automation conference    
optical wireless local area networks-enabling technologies pp smyth   m mccullagh   d wisely   d wood   s ritchie bt technology journal   1993.0 
recombination and mammalian genome evolution a eyre-walker proceedings : biological sciences   1993.0 
tutorial : caching technologies for web applications c mohan 27th international conference on very large data bases ( vldb & hellip ;    
motor adaptation as an optimal combination of computational strategies j liu   dj reinkensmeyer   
marshes   mangroves and sea level rise . j pethick geography   1991.0 
quantum theory of the solid state   part b j callaway academic   san diego    
table of series   integrals and products is gradshteyn   im ryzhik academic   san diego    
usd | a database management system for scientific research   '' video presentation at the acm sigmod int rr johnson   m goldner   m lee   k mckay   r shectman   conf . on management of data   san diego    
channel state dependent scheduling policies for an ofdm physical layer using a binary state model j gross   f fitzek   
continuous queries over append-only databases dtd goldberg   d nichols   b oke acm sigmod    
bikini-user adaptive news classification in the world web web s eilert   a mentrup   me mueller   r rolf   cr & hellip ; of the um2001 workshop on machine learning for user modeling    
individual environmental initiative : championing natural environmental issues in us business lm andersson   ts bateman academy of management journal   2000.0 
merging models based on given correspondences ra pottinger   pa bernstein proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database discovery problem . 1994 l gravano   hg molina   a tomasic proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
negotiating a division of labor across the transition to parenthood es kluwer   jam heesink   e van de vliert  1998.0 
the east african mangrove trade s rawlins unpublished manuscript    
abstract databases as information sources in economic geography k chapman   h edmond area    
hydroacoustic evaluation of juvenile salmonid fish passage at john day dam in summer   1989 . nmfs / bd mcfadden   j hedgepeth  1990.0 
devs-doc : a co-design modeling and simulation environment hs sarjoughian   bp zeigler   dr hild ieee computer    
erythropoietin synthesis by tumor cells in a case of meningioma associated with erythrocytosis p bruneval   c sassy   p mayeux   mf belair   
quantization distortion in pulse count modulation with nonuniform spacing of levels pf panter   w dite proc . ire    
the glasgow coma scale gl sternbach journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
the triune brain   emotion   and scientific bias pd maclean see schmitt    
robust vibration isolation via frequencyshaped sliding control and modal decomposition l zuo   jje slotine submitted for  
reflection as vision : prospects for future literacy programming pa sissel new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
design and analysis of a flow control algorithm for a network of rate allocating servers   university s keshav   ak agrawala   s singh md    
developing and managing adult education budgets . cg ericksen new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
surveillance report # 54 : liver cirrhosis mortality in the united states 1970â ?? 97 . national f saadatmand   fs stinson   bf grantâ ? ¦ md    
inclusion of young learners with disabilities in social studies . s freagon social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
dallas to break ground for first dp trade center . b laberis computerworld.   1981.0 
production of dense overflow waters feeding the north atlantic across the greenland-scotland ridge . c mauritzen deep-sea res . i   1996.0 
what after java ? from objects to actors ca varela   g agha www7 / computer networks   1998.0 
femtosecond laser microscopy in biomedicine k konig laseropto-stuttgart -   2000.0 
analysis of cache behavior in timeshared systems e peserico technical report computation structures group memo    
shifting boundaries and new technologies : a case study in the uk banking sector sv scott   g walsham   
infrared is blazing hot in pc parts design c bournellis electronic news    
programming challenges : the programming contest training manual ss skiena   ma revilla acm sigact news   2003.0 
giving thanks : observing thanksgiving   kwanzaa   and day of the dead mt dever   jj barta social studies and the young learner   1997.0 
a database platform for bioinformatics s banerjee proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
core java 1.1 volume ii advanced features prentice hall c horstmann   g cornell  1998.0 
adaptive filtering in the frequency domain m dentino   j mccool   b widrow proc . ieee    
learning to select good title words : an new approach based on reverse information retrieval r jin   ag hauptmann   
object model in java : elements and application k saleh information & software technology   1999.0 
a survey of approaches to automatic schema matching e rahm   pa bernstein the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
a methodology for designing toolkits for specification level verification of interval-constrained sm schorling   dc rine information & software technology    
learning strategies for learning technologies ch olgren new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
an overview of data warehousing and olap technologies s chaudhuri   u dayal acm sigmod record    
isdl : instruction set description language version 1.0 g hadjiyiannis   
a survey of approaches to automatic schema mapping e rahm   pa bernstein the vldb journal    
editorial by sp sim and nj davies nj davies   sp sim bt technology journal   1997.0 
us firms look north for outsourcing help j viyayan computerworld    
i am . chem . soc . 1999   121   4982 ; g ) se denmark   ra stavenger se denmark acc . chem . res    
autoerotic asphyxia in adolescents km kirksey   m holt-ashley   kl williamson   ro garza journal of emergency nursing   1995.0 
gluconeogenesis and lipogenesis in tissue from ruminant and nonruminant animals fj ballard   rw hanson   ds kronfeld federation proceedings   1969.0 
on matching schemas automatically [ j ] bpa rahme vldb journal    
foreword m reeve bt technology journal   2002.0 
preface for special section on integrated cognitive architectures je laird acm sigart bulletin   1991.0 
research problems in genome databases n goodman   
water   air and soil pollut bb hicks   dd baldocchi   tp meyers   rp hosker jr    1987.0 
theory of serializablity for a parallel model of transactions r krishnamurthy   u dayal proceedings of the 1st acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1982.0 
environmental education   social studies   and education reform d simmons social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
verification of the national weather service extended streamflow prediction procedure gn day   le brazil   cs mccarthy   dp laurine proc . 28th conf . and symp . on managing water resources & hellip ;    
decision making in dose-response trials with adaptive two-stage designs t friede   m kieser  1999.0 
sirio : a distributed information system over a heterogeneous computer network c costilla   mj bas   j villamor acm sigmod  
thirteenth annual report of the state fish commissioner to the governor of the state of washington tr kershaw seattle   washington    
an algorithm for distributed mutual exclusion p chaudhuri information and software technology   1995.0 
image region entropy : a measure of â ?? visualnessâ ?? of web images associated with one concept k yanai   k barnard proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
information retrieval and machine learning for probabilistic schema matching h nottelmann   u straccia proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
catalysis : modern trends   proc vd kumari   k murthy   m subrahmanyam   ks patil   pk 12th national symposium on catalysis   bombay   india    
outcome bias in decision evaluation j baron   jc hershey journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
choosing translator at view definition time am keller proceedings of the twelfth vldb  
elementary processes in hydrogen-helium plasmas rk janevâ ? ¦  1987.0 
data caching issues in an information retrieval system r alonos   d barbara   hg molina acm  
about wavelab jb buckheit   s chen   dl donoho   im johnstone   j   
modern combined oral contraceptives for pain associated with endometriosis j moore   s kennedy   a prentice cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
indoles academic press rj sundberg san diego    
reprã © sentations intermã © diaires dans la reconnaissance de la parole : apports de la technique de r kolinsky   j morais proceedings of the 19th journã © es dâ ?? ã © tude sur la parole    
relationship of lymphoproliferation and clinical blood parameters to contaminants in loggerhead mm peden-adams   jm keller   rd day   ar johnson   j proceedings of setac 23rd annual meeting in north america    
appropriate technology for developing countries n riedijk at news   1982.0 
using machine translation for real-time   multilingual collaboration s kellerman   t mayeur demonstration at acm conference on computer supported & hellip ;    
report of us secretariat committee on colorimetry and artificial daylight db judd cie proceedings    
metabolic engineering of pyruvate metabolism in lactococcus lactis cr melchiorsen technical university of denmark    
c 0 mmun ic ations h pdcat acc . chem . res   1990.0 
subsidized inequities : the spatial patterning of environmental risks and federally assisted housing sl cutter   me hodgson   k dow urban geography   2000.0 
linkage map of the fruit fly drosophila pseudoobscura w anderson see rcf    
nba to join ranks of computerized sports . b johnson computerworld.   1983.0 
sources of information and assistance . sg tickton new directions for higher education   1981.0 
tuning schema matching software using synthetic scenarios m sayyadian   y lee   ah doan   as rosenthal proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
managing change to btâ ?? s operational support systems m evans bt technology journal   1997.0 
fishes and associated environmental data collected in new york bight   june 1974-june 1975 sj wilk  1977.0 
managing web data d suciu   
network information flow-theory and algorithms s jaggi   pa chou   k jain microsoft research technical report ( under  
regional trade agreements for mercosur : the ftaa and the fta with the european union j monteagudo   m watanuki unpublished  
cloud dynamic academic press ra houze jr  1993.0 
categorizing case-base maintenance : dimensions and directions db leake   dc wilson lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
the equivalence of models of tasking dm berry proceedings of acm conference on proving assertions about & hellip ;   1972.0 
schema-free xquery y li   c yu   hv jagadish proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
cross-appalachian tracer experiment ( captex 83 ) . final report noaa technical memo . erl arl-142   air gj ferber   jl heffter   rr draxler   rj lagomarsino   md    
fuel and electricity generation from illumination of inorganic interfaces ms wrighton interim technical report massachusetts inst . of tech.   & hellip ;   1982.0 
a taxonomy of scientific workflow systems for grid computing j yu   r buyya sigmod record   2005.0 
transport of essential nutrients across the blood-brain barrier of individual structures ra hawkins fed . proc   1986.0 
making collaborative watershed management work : the confluence of state and regional initiatives s michaels environmental management   2001.0 
pathways to chronic inflammation in rheumatoid synovitis d cavender   d haskard   cl yu   t iguchi   p miossec   fed proc   1987.0 
third-order corrections to the slc final focus n walker   
moment functions in image analysis   theory and applications   published by world scientific in r mukundan   kr ramakrishnan   
carbamazepine versus phenytoin monotherapy for epilepsy c tudur smith   ag marson   he clough   pr williamson cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
tbt in uk estuaries   1982-86 . evaluation of the environmental problem mj waldock   
the stanford graphbase : a platform for combinatorial computing - group of 4 & raquo ; de knuth acm  
in handbook of marine science fgw smith vol . i. crc    
to do or not to do : the dilemma of disclosing anonymized data lvs lakshmanan   rt ng   g ramesh proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
efficiently publishing relational data as xml documents m carey   b lindsay   h pirahesh   b reinwald proc .  
extraordinary people . va green social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
merging models based on given correspondences   u of washington ra pottinger   pa bernstein technical report uw-cse-03-02-03    
machine-checking the java specification : proving type-safety d von oheimb   t nipkow lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
operational models and processes within bt 's and concert 's isp business j meaneaux bt technology journal   2000.0 
changes in soil carbon storage and associated properties with disturbance and recovery wh schlesinger the changing carbon cycle : a global analysis   1986.0 
blogs bubble into business l rosencrance computerworld    
special issue on carbon nanotubes rc haddon acc . chem . res    
a genetic algorithm for the multiobjective solid transportation problem : a fuzzy approach jm cadenas   f jimenez & hellip ; technology and automation   procs . for the dedicated & hellip ;    
stdlâ ?? a portable transaction definition language pa bernstein   p gyllstrom   t wimberg 1993 international conference on very large data bases ( & hellip ;    
- autonomous categories m barr  1979.0 
molecular dynamics studies of liquid-solid interfaces ( abstract only ) ja nieminen   m karttunen   k kaski oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
hetero diels-alder methodology in organic synthesis academic press dl boger   sm weinreb san diego    
control video timing with an antifuse array r cooley electronic design    
ischemia reperfusion injury and chronic allograft rejection a szabo   u heemann transplantation proceedings   1998.0 
mental health services administration . results from the 2001 national household survey on drug abuse s abuse md    
a new tcp congestion control with empty queues and scalable stability f paganini   sh low submitted for publication    
motorcycle accident cause factors and identification of countermeasures hh hurt   jv ouellet   dr thom vol . i technical  
â ?? using nexrad precipitation data as input to hydrologic models . ad nicks   fr scheibe proc.   28th awra annual conf . and symposium on managing & hellip ;    
querying web metadata : native score management and text support in databases is altingovde   a al-hamdani   z meralozsoyoglu acm transactions on database systems   2004.0 
dominance relationships of tree associated herbs in some california grasslands vt parker  1977.0 
transactive memory : a contemporary analysis of the group mind dm wegner theories of group behavior   1987.0 
vulcan : binary translation in a distributed environment ash edwards   h vo technical report msrtr-2001-50   microsoft research    
learning environments and environmental education p belanger new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
thermal fatigue damage in pb-in solder interconnections bn agarwala proceedings of the 23rd ieee international reliability & hellip ;    
selected readings from software engineering : ieee computer society press   1997 m dorfman   r thayer   
managing total business integration m govekar procs . of the gartner symposium  
evaluation of the necessity of a college level hosptality management program in southwest florida m goodman  2002.0 
an inexpensive stereoscopic vision system for robots w teoh   xd zhang proc . int . conf . robotics   1984.0 
solid state ionics sp jiang   jg love submitted for  
arista : knowledge engineering with scientific texts j kontos information and software technology   1992.0 
testing the neoclassical model of family labor supply and fertility tp schultz the journal of human resources   1990.0 
integrating automatic data acquisition with business processes-experiences with sap 's auto-id   t lin   s haller   j schaper proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
optimism is associated with mood   coping   and immune change in response to stress sc segerstrom   se taylor   me kemeny   jl fahey journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
academic business affairs lm dooley new directions for higher education   2000.0 
a transaction recovery method supporting fine-granularity locking and partial rollbacks using write - c mohan   d haderle   b lindsay   h pirahesh   p ibm research report rj6649   ibm almaden research centre   & hellip ;    
evaluation of workflow-type software products : a case study m perez   t rojas information & software technology   2000.0 
a platform for dutch in human language technologies j beeken   e dewallef   ed ` halleweyn proceedings of lrec2000   athens   greece    
on infinite groups with abelian centralizers of involutions vd mazurov algebra i logika    
é `` ? è ? ³ é ¦ ¨ å 3/4 ® ç ?? ç ? © é ? ¶ æ ?? é?µç ?? å ? `` è ? ¡ è ¯ ? æ ? ¥ å ?? å · ? è ?? ç § ? æ ?? æ ³ ? æ ° ¸ è ??   
efficient and generalized group signatures   advances in cryptology-eurocryptâ ?? 97   lncs 1233 j camenisch  1997.0 
on the menu : the growth of self-efficacy j alleman   j brophy social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
the two cultures of environmental management c anderson proceedings of the 25 thannual environmental workshop    
compiling scientific programs using partial evaluation a berlin   d weise ieee computer    
foreword gl stephens journal of geophysical research   1988.0 
monitoring the vernal advancement of natural vegetation.-nasa / gsfc final report   greenbelt jw rouse   rh hass   ja schell   dw deering   jc md    
composing crosscutting concerns using composition filters l bergmans   m aksit communications-acm   2001.0 
unfinished business s whittaker bt technology journal   2004.0 
governing equations of piezoelectric plates with graded properties across the thickness pcy lee   jd yâ ?? u   
summary cache : a scalable wide-area web cache sharing protocol   '' p cao   j almeida   az broder proceedings of acm  
eternally yours at 8 bits s lawton electronic business   2002.0 
magnet : supporting navigation in semistructured data environments v sinha   dr karger   
zebrafish daz-like protein controls translation via the sequence ` guuc ' s maegawa   m yamashita   k yasuda   k inoue genes to cells   2002.0 
a new solution to the hidden surface problem m newell   r newell   t sancha proc . acm ann . conf    
one big pile of knowledge b laberis computerworld    
an improved failures model for communicating processes sd brookes   aw roscoe lecture notes in computer science   1985.0 
advanced meta-search of news in the web r tous   j delgado   
esri arc/info and erdas imagine-software which gives an answer . partnership between esri and erdas ð ? karadzhova pc magazine bulgaria    
a survey of parallel computer architechtures r duncan ieee computer    
on the intra-day performance of garch processes ' . dm guillaume   ov pictet   mm dacorogna olsen & associates   zurich   switzerland    
guest editor 's introduction : image databases ss iyengar   rl kashyap ieee transactions on software engineering   1988.0 
modeling a software engineering project management system rh thayer   
development of children 's theory of mind r huard   b hayes-roth stanford university : technical report   1996b . ( new  
foreword i dufour bt technology journal   2000.0 
academic press ga robinson   ha crissman san diego    
feasible itemset distributions in data mining : theory and application g ramesh   wa maniatty   mj zaki proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod sigart symposium on & hellip ;    
overdose with sustained-release lithium preparations gm bosse   tc arnold journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 
emergency department visits by children with sickle hemoglobinopathies : factors associated with k frush   r ware   t kinney journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
when one sample is not enough : improving text database selection using shrinkage pg ipeirotis   l gravano proc . acm sigmod   2004.0 
fast   layout-aware validation of test-vectors for nanometer-related timing failures a kokrady   cp ravikumar   
skin temperature and thermoregulatory sweating : a control systems approach rw bullard   mr banerjee   f chen   r elizondo   ba see ref    
new computers for artificial intelligence processing - guest editor 's introduction bw wah ieee computer    
lazy acquisition of place knowledge p langley   k pfleger   m sahami artificial intelligence review   1997.0 
monitoring insect pest populations by trapping in california citrus orchard ds moreno   ce kennet proc . int . soc . citriculture    
implementing update extensions to xquery 1.0 gm sur  2003.0 
performance evaluation of extended storage architectures for transaction processing e rahm   
video assessment of root cell responses to dorylaimid and tylenchid nematodes u wyss see ref    
excel 97 e solver microsoft corporation    
focusing of charged particles ( academic   new york   1967 ) a septier vol .  
biomineralization : cell biology and mineral deposition : academic press k simkiss   km wilbur san diego    
dynamic partitioning of complex process models a fuggetta   ml jaccheri   
distribution and function of defined regions of avian tumor virus genomes in viruses and uninfected he varmus   d stehelin   d spector   j tal   d fujita   see ref    
physiochemical and environmental plant physiology . 2 nded.â ?? academic press ps nobel san diego    
modeling and analysis of video servers based on hierarchical storage systems . '' shg chan   fa tobagi preparation   csl technical report   stanford university    
foreword e braunwald   
rapport sur le rendement interne du premier cycle de lâ ?? enseignement de base . ministry of education jp jarousse   g solaux unpublished manuscript    
introduction v honavar   c higuera machine learning   2001.0 
cache tables : paving the way for an adaptive database cache m altä ± nel   c bornhã ¶ vd   s krishnamurthy   c mohan     
pit structure variation in the southwestern deserts : a view from the san simon drainage . paper pa gilman  1998.0 
processing of electrical wave forms from the heart gs herman-giddens   rc barr   ms spach   rb warren   proc . 28th acemb   sept    
victim and perpetrator accounts of interpersonal conflict : autobiographical narratives about anger rf baumeister   a stillwell   sr wotman journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 
introduction into electromagnetic sounding ( lecture manuscript ) p weidelt technical university of braunschweig   germany    
implementing xquery 1.0 : the galax experience demonstration track m fernandez   j simeonâ ? ¦ proceedings of conference on very large databases ( vldb ) to & hellip ;    
special issue on real-time database systems m eich acm sigmod record   1988.0 
â ?? introduction : handheld computing ba myers   m beigl ieee computer    
almost entirely correct mixing with application to voting d boneh   p golle proc . acm  
combination of data sets for system identification dj leith   
in : the human nervous system aj beitz  1990.0 
advances in disk technology : performance issues sw ng ieee computer   1998.0 
queries s chaudhuri   lgetk selection proc . 25th vldb  
a case study of representational activity at a customer-centered business nv flor   pp maglio   
laptops in class : what are they good for ? what can you do with them ? be weaver   lb nilson new directions for teaching and learning   2005.0 
environmental justice : environmental adult education at the confluence of oppressions rj hill new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
a temporal foundation for continuous queries over data streams j kramer   b seeger   
foreword cm earnshaw bt technology journal   1998.0 
detecting image near-duplicate by stochastic attributed relational graph matching with learning dq zhang   sf chang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
merging ranks from heterogeneous internet sources l gravano   h garcia-molina proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
unassisted and assisted ion transport across membranes : insights from computer simulations a pohorille   ma wilson   
academic press h osteology san diego    
low level driving routine for the omni-directional robot c voo & hellip ;   centre for intelligent information processing systems   & hellip ;   2000.0 
the seed : a peer-to-peer environment for genome annotation r overbeek   t disz   r stevens communications-acm   2004.0 
on periodically nonstationary processes li gudzenko radiotekhnika i elektronika    
consulting about teaching : an overview c knapper   s piccinin new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
on voltaic series and the combination of gases by platinum wr grove phil . mag    
antibiotics for persistent nasal discharge ( rhinosinusitis ) in children ( cochrane review ) p morris   a leach cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
on forestry   1999 a no see clause    
the irradiance jacobian for partially occluded polyhedral sources j arvo proceedings of siggraph   1994.0 
speech-based and video-supported indexing of multimedia broadcast news y hayashi   k ohtsuki   k bessho   o mizuno   y matsuo   
first-order incremental block-based statistical timing analysis c visweswariah   k ravindran   k kalafala   sg walker   
managing the matrix : realigning paradigms toward sustainability nd mitchell   jl craig see ref    
usability engineering . 1993 : academic press j nielsen san  
the effects of conceptual and logical interfaces on visual query performance of end users kl siau   hc chan   kk wei proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1995.0 
approximate nn queries on streams with guaranteed error/performance bounds n koudas   bc ooi   kl tan   r zhang proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
chemistry of ice surfaces . elementary reaction steps on ice studied by reactive ion scattering . h kang acc . chem . res   2005.0 
effects of voice activity and channel bandwidth on the capacity of coma mobile radio systems f behbahnni   h hsahemi submitted for  
understanding causes and generalizing about them mw lipsey   lb sechrest   ag scott new directions for program  
irish transnational social movements   deterritorialized migrants   and the state system : the last one m hanagan mobilization-san diego -   1998.0 
an applicable test data generation algorithm for domain errors ã ? hajnal   i forgã ¡ cs proceedings of acm sigsoft international symposium on & hellip ;   1998.0 
a reference model for metadata a strawman   f bretherton university of wisconsin    
region tracking on surfaces deforming via level-sets methods m bertalmio   g sapiro   g randall lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
development of a self-report instrument for measuring learning orientation and sources for m martinez   c bunderson submitted publication    
foreword t king bt technology journal   1998.0 
graduate education in engineering . ge dieter new directions for higher education   1984.0 
a hypothesis about gateway cities af burghardt geography   1957.0 
science under the rising sun : weapons development and the organization of scientific research in we grunden  1998.0 
teaching business and environmental ethics j brinkmann & hellip ;   proceedings of the 23rd macromarketing conference   univ. . & hellip ;    
use of herbicides on the swedish state railways l torstensson   o lindholm proc . 29th swedish weed conference â ?? weeds and weed control & hellip ;    
3 ( 2001 ) potential for in-situ bioremediation of perchlorate contaminated environments j pollock   la achenbach   jd coates   
jobstart : final report on a program for high school dropouts g cave   h bos   f doolittle   c toussaint new york : manpower demonstration research corp    
harvard university press c gilligan   
guest editorâ ?? s introduction tnd independence sigmod record   2003.0 
j. sim eon.â ?? statix : making xml countâ ?? j freire   jr haritsa   m ramanath   p roy proc . of the 2002 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of & hellip ;    
a study of d sup 0-d sup 0 mixing te browder  1988.0 
proximal decision analysis ra howard management science   1971.0 
semantic video indexing : approach and issue . acms anthology sigmod record   1999.0 
the perspective of the us trade representative m kantor us department of labor   bureau of international labor & hellip ;    
jobstart : final report on a program from school dropouts g caveâ ? ¦  1993.0 
access paths in the ã cents â ? ¬ å?abeã cents â ? ¬ â ? statistical query facility a klug proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
flora i vegetaciã ³ de les valls dâ ? cents espot i de boã e carrillo   jm ninot vol . i    
why context should not count g king political geography   1996.0 
assessment processes and outcomes : building a folio . bg barnett   p lee new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
method engineering : engineering of information systems development methods and tools s brinkkemper information and software technology   1996.0 
on the use of gamma rays in low temperature calorimetry n kurti   fe simon phil . mag    
investigation of megawatt power level gyrotrons for iter t kimura   jp hogge   r advani   d denison   ke proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves   & hellip ;    
monitors and concurrent pascal : a personal history p brinch hansen 2 ndacm conference on the history of programming languages    
final height in girls with untreated constitutional delay in growth and puberty ec crowne   sm shalet   whb wallace   dm eminson   da european journal of pediatrics   1991.0 
bourel m   genetet b   fauchet r m simon idiopathic hemoch-romatosis . demonstration of recessive  
contextmetrics/sup/spl trade / / : semantic and syntactic interoperability in cross-border trading c jovellanos data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
the mendola report : a new look at gay couples m mendola  1980.0 
lawrence and his laboratory berkeley : university of california press jl heilbron   rw seidel   
a tool for vision based pedestrian detection performance evaluation m bertozzi   a broggi   p grisleri   a tibaldi   
legodb : customizing relational storage for xml documents p bohannon   j freire   jr haritsa   m ramanath   p vldb   2002.0 
the moral limits of the criminal law . vol . 3 j feinberg offense  
managing the printed circuit board design process t blain   m dohler   r michaelis   e qureshi proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1985.0 
ground water ecology   acad j gibert   dl danielopol   ja stanford press   san diego    
a digital multipurpose vegetation map for the colorado desert of california mv gray  1994.0 
micrografting : a tool for the plant propagator dw burger proc . int . plant propagators soc    
web opac interfaces : an overview br babu electronic library   2000.0 
foreword p cochrane bt technology journal   2000.0 
some properties of complex waves in a double-layer   circular   shielded waveguide sb raevskii radiotekhnika i elektronika   1976.0 
an overview of the programming language smalltalk-72 jf shoch   
genetic and biochemical studies on neurospora conidia germination and formation s brody see ref    
a ten-year study of test scores for college-bound students in the state of washington rj noeth  1979.0 
an interorganizational network approach to evaluating children 's mental health service systems jp morrissey new directions for program evaluation    
it unemployment hits â ?? unprecedentedâ ?? level p thibodeau computerworld    
identifying and managing risk jm abraham new directions for higher education   1999.0 
data warehousing and olap for decision support s chaudhuri   u dayal proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1997.0 
evaluating factors affecting implementation of community based tsetse control in southern burkina m kamuanga   i kaborã ``   b swallow   s amsler - proceedings of the 23rd meeting of the isctrc   banjul   the & hellip ;    
texture design using a simplicial complex of morphable textures w matusik   m zwicker   f durand proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 
architectural requirements for open distributed hypermedia i gaviotis   d christodoulakis information and software technology    
explicit modelling of state oc-cupancy in hidden markov models for automatic speech recognition mj russell   rk moore   
a dynamic workflow management system used in design g fakas   b karakostas information & software technology    
generalizing gloss to vector-space databases and broker hierarchies   1995 l gravano   
adding contracts to java with handshake a duncan   u hã ¶ lzle   
vs   and srivastava   d. what can hierarchies do for data warehouses hv jagadish   l lakshmanan proc . of vldb    
an evolutionary design algorithm for ring-based sdh optical core networks l he   cp botham   cd o'shea bt technology journal   2004.0 
social studies curriculum renewal : internationalizing the curriculum . g blankenship social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
maria cancian   eds . 2001 dr meyer w-2 child support demonstration evaluation   phase 1   final  
learning about planning from success and failure . tj sork new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
language as a factor affecting follow-up compliance from the emergency department er enguidanos   p rosen journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
inc.   9727 pacific heights blvd b technologies san diego .  
validation of the five-factor model of personality across instruments and observers rr mccrae   pt costa journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
seismotectonic map of greece with seismological data n mouyiarisâ ? ¦ inst . geol . and miner . explor.   athens   greece    
introduction p alston see ref   1990.0 
economic impact analysis of final integrated iron and steel neshap f report   
cross-cultural mentoring as a context for learning j johnson-bailey   rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
introduction to solid state physics c kittel   
software requirement definition and data models cdserv4.inria.fr   
methodology for implementing scalable test configurations in atm switches a durresi   r jain   g babic   b northcote   
the ionization and dissociation of hydrogen molecules and the formation of h 3 aj dempster phil . mag    
maximizing community development through collaboration r usnick   c shove   f gissy new directions for higher education   1997.0 
development of a solid rocket propellant nonlinear viscoelastic constitutive theory rj farris   ra schapery vol . i    
digital libraries and autonomous citation indexing s lawrence   cl giles   k bollacker   
monadic encapsulation in ml . in the acm sigplan international conference on functional programming ( m semmelroth   a sabry acm press   new  
the new papyrus : the current and future state of the art s lambert   s ropiequet  1986.0 
jh   & morgan   eh 1993 w zhang   ab giles   k jahoda   y soong   jh swank proc . spie    
new technologies to support teaching for understanding ms wiske   m sick   s wirsig international journal of educational research   2001.0 
caching technologies for web applications c mohan vldb   2001.0 
managing change in higher education . jd millett new directions for higher education   1977.0 
identification of nonlinear systems - a survey sa billings iee proceedings   1980.0 
fast rendering of reflections in nonuniform surfaces using a multi-scale environment map b okumura   t machida   n yokoya proc . acm siggraph 2003    
radiographic diagnosis of â ?? hiddenâ ?? lesions of the third carpal bone tr oâ ?? brien proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the american & hellip ;    
information intelligence : metadata for information discovery   access   and integration r hauch   a miller   r cardwell proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
the cotton mills of india   1854-1954 . sd metha  1954.0 
vol n york i    
wireless hacks ( chapter 3 ) r flickenger   
attempts for generalizing the recursive path ordering s kamin   jj levy unpublished manuscript    
evaluating community-level health promotion and disease prevention interventions c jackson   dg altman   b howard-pitney   jw farquhar new directions for program evaluation    
geopolitical imaginations across the north-south divide : issues of difference   development and power d slater political geography   1997.0 
prospects of trade and investment in india and china a sarma international studies-bombay then new delhi -   2002.0 
hg-rcp : a rate-based flow control mechanism for intranets interconnected by atm networks m hassan   j breen   m atiquzzaman computer networks   1999.0 
introduction to the special issue on kernel methods n cristianini   j shawe-taylor   rc williamson journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
desertification of arid lands he dregne economic geography   1977.0 
continuous positive airway pressure versus theophylline for apnea in preterm infants dj henderson-smart   p subramaniam   pg davis cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
special issue on inducive logic programming rc holte   l de raedt   cd page   s wrobel machine learning   2001.0 
on the statistics of individual variations of productivity in research laboratories w shockley proc . ire    
sur les liaisons entre les grandeurs al eatoires   '' s bernstein proc . int . cong . of math.   zurich   switzerland    
intubation techniques in the helicopter gm vilke   db hoyt   m epperson   d fortlage journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
mt 2003 . processing sliding window multi-joins in continuous queries over data streams lo golab proc . of the conf . on very large databases  
development and applications of computer-assisted acoustic holography cf schueler ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1980.0 
development of a neanthes sediment bioassay for use in puget sound   pti environmental services dm johns   tc ginn & hellip ; for us environmental protection agency   seattle   washington    
datapath merging and interconnection sharing for reconfigurable architectures n moreano   g araujo   z huang   s malik   
uk   1997 d freshwater   p people   r processes   
likelihood ratio   score and wald statistics in models with monotone functions : some comparisons m banerjee   ja wellner submitted for publication   2003.0 
unit tests mit java   2002   dpunkt . verlag j link   
gloss to vectorspace databases and broker hierarchies glgmh generalizing proc . of very large database conference   zurich . switzerland    
self-assembled monolayers of thiols   thin films   vol . 24 a ulman san diego : academic    
magnetic bubble technology ah eschenfelder  1980.0 
introduction to information architects rs wurman  1996.0 
origin of vacancy loops observed in pure and impure aluminum irradiated by fast neutrons a risbet   v levy phil . mag.   1975.0 
processing queries with quantifiers a horticultural approach u dayal proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1983.0 
caim discretization algorithm la kurgan   kj cios ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
itu-t standardization activities for interactive multimedia communications on packet-based networks : j toga   j ott  1999.0 
mitsubishi pleads no contest to trade secret theft charges . j beeler computerworld.   1983.0 
maine . the demonstration of state work/welfare initiatives . final report on the training p auspos  1988.0 
performance requirements for the transport of mpeg video streams over atm networks   '' in 1995 ieee t han   l orozco-barbosa seattle    
advanced signal processing algorithms a reilly   b boashash san  
on the strategy space of multi-way join query optimization [ j ] kl tan   h lu sigmod record    
the cql continuous query language : semantic foundations and query execution a arasu   s babu   j widom the vldb journal   2005.0 
us-mexican border environment : a road map to a sustainable . p ganster   
software reusability   1989 tj biggerstaff   aj perlis acm press : new  
spontaneous esophageal perforation presenting with right-sided pleural effusion f levy   wk mysko   gd kelen journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
an approach to type design and text composition in indian scripts ( with a preface by donald e. knuth pk ghosh technical report stan-cs-83-965   stanford university   stanford    
guest editor 's introduction : visualization ae kaufman computer   1994.0 
sql : 1999   formerly known as sql3 j melton   a eisenberg sigmod record    
a high level language for structural relations in well-formed nets l capra   m de pierro   g franceschinis proc . of 26th int . conf . on application and theory of petri  
market-based workflow management for the outsourcing of activities through a federation of market y badir   c stricker   r dalla palma   
a fast   efficeint   accurate way to represent the human face . state of the art in facial animation j kleiser proceedings of acm siggraph   tutorials   boston    
off the record : unrecorded legislative votes   selection bias   and roll-call vote analysis c carrubba   m gabel   l murrah   r clough   e unpublished manuscript    
third generation tp monitors u dayal   h garcia-molina   m hsu   b kao   mc shan a database challenge   acm sigmod conference    
environmental life cycle assessment of products   no r heijungs   
foreword m bross bt technology journal   2003.0 
monitoring global fires from eos-modis yj kaufman   c justice   l flynn   jd kendall submitted for  
response of citrus to npk fertilization in a network of field trials in sao paulo state   brazil h cantarella   ja quaggio   oc bataglia   b raij proc . int . soc . citriculture    
tangolite : introduction and user 's guide sa herrod technical report   stanford university   stanford   usa   november  
on the updatability of relational views u dayal   pa bernstein vldb   1978.0 
the ambr model comparison project : multitasking   the icarus federation   and concept learning ka gluck   mj young proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the cognitive & hellip ;    
accelerated convergence in the inverse kinematics via multilayer feedforward networks a guez   z ahmad   
arithmetic expansions associated with a rotation of the circle and with continued fractions a vershik   n sidorov algebra i analiz    
the nature of a usable pki ( 1999 ) cm ellison computer  
expermedia/2 : a multimedia expert system shell for domain experts a hekmatpour proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
tutorial : state of the art in workflow management research and products c mohan a tutorial presented at acm sigmod international conference  
implementing new public policy in poland : barriers and stimuli a adamus-matuszynska journal of european area studies   2001.0 
in-operation damage monitoring and diagnostics of vibrating structures with applications to offshore m abdelghani   m basseville   a benveniste proc . spie   1997.0 
principal curves and surfaces . laboratory for computational statistics t hastie  1984.0 
radon and its dacay products in indoor air . ww nazaroff   av nero   
object and file management in the exodus extensible database system mj carey   dj dewitt   ej shekita vldb   1986.0 
topology   vol . 1 k kuratowski new york    
real-variable methods in harmonic analysis.-academic press a torchinski san diego   calif    
histological typing of tumours of the central nervous system p kleihues   pc burger   bw scheithauerâ ? ¦  1996.0 
the national context for reform gd davesâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   2002.0 
xquery : a query language for xml . dd chamberlinâ ? ¦   
a practical approach 1997 ( matejtschuk   p ed . ) irl press at oxford university press a separations   
special issue on disruption g crosier   p hughes bt technology journal    
andj . gosling . the real-time specification for java g bollella ieee  
rfc1320-the md4 message-digest algorithm r rieves  1992.0 
a future wto trade round ? j whalley international studies-bombay then new delhi -   1998.0 
packet loss effects on mpeg video sent over the public internet jm boyce   rd gaglianello   
realising run-time adaptable workflow by means of reflection in the baan workflow engine td meijler   h kessels   c vuijst   r le comte   
isthmus veracruz ( mecayapan ) nahuat laryngeals . c wolgemuth aztec studies i    
announcementâ ?? the temporal query language tsql2 final language definition rt snodgrass acm sigmod record   1994.0 
reduction of maximum entropy models to hidden markov models   extended version j goodman   
vol . 1â ± 3 ( hrsg. : js miller )   plenum   new york   1982 ; d ) jb torrance elc compounds acc . chem . res    
exploiting statistics on intermediate tables for query optimization n bruno   s chaudhuri proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
queueing systems   vol . i : theory l kleinrock new  
simulating an instructible interface : the turvy experience d maulsby watch what i do : programming by demonstration    
an addition theorem for some extremal functions about finite bases xd jia  1993.0 
the hlpac project combmmg active databases and tlmmg constramts u dayalâ ? ¦ acm sigmod  
seqhound : biological sequence and structure database as a platform for bioinformatics research t authors   
mt ( 2003 ) â ?? issues in data stream management.â ?? l golab sigmod record    
anlp/naacl 2000 workshop : embedded machine translation systems c van ess-dykema   cr voss   f reeder seattle    
the ams-02 trd for the international space station j burger proc . of the 28th cosmic ray conference   tsukuba   giappone    
hands-on activities for integrating geography across the curriculum . lm handleyâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1990.0 
j. ( s. ) naor and b. schieber   approximating the throughput of multiple machines in real-time a bar-noy   s guha proc . 31st acm stoc    
piezoelectric ceramic-polymer composites for transducer applications tr gururaja   a safari   re newnham   le cross electronic  
state of the art in workflow management system research and products c mohan & hellip ; : nato advanced study institute ( asi ) on workflow management  
application for research collaboration m female   
negative and positive semantic priming with lexical decision task : a time-course function j lupiaã ± ez   p tudela iv european congress of psychology   athens   greece   july & hellip ;    
information systems ' 95 curriculum model : a collaborative effort jt gorgone   jd couger   d feinstein   g kasper   he acm sigmis database   1994.0 
implementing nonclassroom learning : management considerations . jf wartgow new directions for higher education   1986.0 
evidence evaluation in complex decision making n pennington   r hastie journal of personality and social psychology    
per-flow qos support over a stateless diffserv domain g bianchi   n blefari-melazzi   m femminella computer networks    
the architecture of an active database system dr mccarthy   u dayal proc . 1989 acm-sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
a hierarchical framework for stream habitat classification : viewing streams in a watershed context ca frissell   wj liss   ce warren   md hurley environmental management   1986.0 
microsoft office 97 visual basic-programmierung g born microsoft   unterschleiã?heim    
parents ` attitudes and expectations regarding science education : comparisons among american   chinese - h chen adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 
create @ brown   a component repository for learning objects : a progress report j laleuf proceedings of acm jcdl 2001    
c and lam s. authentication for distributed systems t woo ieee computer    
logical form equivalence : the case of referring expressions generation k van deemter   m halldorsson   
monotonicity and convexity properties of rate control throttles kc budka   
towards adaptive workflow systems   cscw-98 workshop   proceedings m klein   c dellarocas   a bernstein proc . seattle   washington   november    
pipes-a public infrastructure for processing and exploring streams j kramer   b seeger proc . of the acm sigmod   2004.0 
a workflow management system based on intelligent collaborative objects g fakas   b karakostas information and software technology   1999.0 
designing with flash memory b dipert   m levy annabooks   san  
code : the hidden language of computer hardware and software c petzold  1999.0 
decentralized algorithmsfor flowcontrol innetworks d cansever proc . 25th conf . decision and control   athens    
experiences with known abo-mismatched renal transplants ad bannett   rf mcalack   r raja   a baquero   m transplant proc   1987.0 
dr mc carthy the architecture of an active database management system in proc u dayal sigmod conference   portland   may    
vision in mating behaviour of fireflies jf case see ref    
multiple instance learning for labeling faces in broadcasting news video j yang   r yan   ag hauptmann proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
topic transition detection using hierarchical hidden markov and semi-markov models dq phung   tv duong   s venkatesh   hh bui proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
association prosodie-syntaxe : validation par synthã ¨ se p martin proceedings of the 22nd journees dâ ?? ã ? sur la parole    
weak compactness of level sets of integral functionals rt rockafellar proceedings of troisieme colloque d &#39; analyse fonctionelle ( & hellip ;    
intracerebral grafts of neuronal cell suspensions p brundin   o isacson   fh gage   u stenevi   a see ref    
unit sliding mode control in infinite dimensional systems y orlov   vi utkin applied mathematics and computer science   1998.0 
repository systems engineering   tutorial pa bernstein proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
domain data typing d livingstone information and software technology   1995.0 
refining the level for anticipated hepatotoxicity in acetaminophen poisoning el brandwene   sr williams   c tunget-johnson   sg journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
planning concurrency and managing iteration in projects s denker   d steward   t browning project management journal   2001.0 
the role of information systems in informationâ ?? level security management c lueg   
latency-sensitive hashing for collaborative web caching kl wu   ps yu www9 / computer networks   2000.0 
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database recovery problem l gravano   h garcia-molina   a tomasic proc . of the acm sigmod conference   minneapolis   minnesota    
narses : a scalable flow-based network simulator m baker   t giuli technical report   department of computer science   stanford  
time domain investigations of trapatt diode oscillator circuits ml ryken jr ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1976.0 
update : metlife outsources network management to at & t j cope computerworld    
teaching from notes : some cognitive consequences . rs day new directions for teaching and learning : learning   & hellip ;    
minority gains essential to us technology future r bruner electronic news    
the marian   czech repulic m kominek struct . engrg . int . zurich .  
individual and collective processes in the construction of the self : self-enhancement in the united s kitayama   hr markus   h matsumoto   v journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
the canonical almost complex structure on the manifold of 1-jets of pseudo-holomorphic mappings p gauduchon appendix  
evaluating effectiveness in computing centers a varanelli new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
mechanism for synergistic antitumor effect in the combination of 5-fluorouracil with cisplatin in t shirasaka   y shimamoto   h ohshimo   a kimura   m gan to kagaku ryoho   1991.0 
introduction to the theory of cognitive grammar rw langacker university of california   santa barbara    
boolean query mapping across heterogeneous information sources kcc chang   
peer to peer data management : introduction to a special issue k aberer sigmod record    
on the estimation of the number of desired records wrh respect to a given query ct ytr   ws luk   mk sitr acm trans database syst    
a single glycosylation site within the receptor-binding domain of the avian sarcoma/leukosis virus se delos   mj burdick   jm white virology-new york -   2002.0 
convexication rate in minkowski averaging processes n dyn   e farkhi   
modelling framework for sustainable development : integrating environmental considerations in ks parikh   mk panda   ns murthy   
usability analysis of 3d rotation techniques   to appear k hinckley   j tulio   r pausch   d proffitt   n proc . of acm symp . uistâ ?? 97    
sett-net : a network for software engineering training and teaching k zdravkova   k bothe   z budimac   
designing experiential environments for management of personal multimedia r singh   r knickmeyer   p gupta   r jain proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
tratado de farmacia prã ¡ ctica a hager vol . i    
online appendix to characterizing memory requirements for queries over continuous data streams j widom acm transactions on database systems   2004.0 
approach and issues ahsv indexing acm sigmod record    
managerial effectiveness wj reddin  1970.0 
alon levy . a scalable algorithm for answering queries using views r pottinger proc of the 26th int &#39; l conf on very large data bases ( vldb ) . & hellip ;    
a native schema-aware xml database solution u westermann   w klas   
using binary decision diagrams for representation and analysis of communication protocols r sisto computer networks   2000.0 
a process-oriented scientific database model jm pratt   m cohen sigmod record   1992.0 
evaluating the academic dean . gr rasmussen new directions for higher education   1978.0 
an identity-authentication system using fingerprints ak jain   l hong   s pankanti   r bolle proceedings-ieee   1997.0 
please mind the doorsâ ?? do interface metaphors improve the usability of voice response services ? rt dutton   jc foster   ma jack bt technology journal   1999.0 
almost montgomery based multiplier in in gf ( 2 n ) l batina   c jansen   g muurling   s xu proceedings of the 23rd symposium on information theory in  
behind the faã § ade of iso 9000 p burrows electronic business    
an-precise feasible solution to a linear program with a convexity constraint in 1 = 2 iterations gb dantzig technical report   stanford university    
technology as traitor : emergent sap infrastructure in a global organization o hanseth   k braa   
linking web servers with live data ds linthicum pc magazine    
kinetics and mechanism of formation of forsterite ( mg 2 sio 4 ) by solid state reaction of mgo and gw brindley   r hayami phil . mag    
strategic r & d program selection and resource allocation with a decision support system application df kocaoglu   mg iyigun international engineering management conference   1994.0 
solid state commun m servidori   c ferrero   s lequien   s milita   a  2001.0 
formal definition of mappings in a data base p paolini   g pelagatti proceedings of the 1977 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1977.0 
modele de prediction du deuxieme formant effectif f2â ?? â ?? applicationa lâ ?? ã © de la labialite des m mantakas   j schwartz   p escudier proceedings of the 15th journees dâ ?? ã © sur la parole    
geographical indications and the south africa-european union free trade agreement e craven   c mather area   2001.0 
healthy lawn and garden survey : data analysis report r de young & hellip ; national wet weather demonstration project . oakland county   & hellip ;    
colour vision as an adaptation to frugivory in primates d osorio   m vorobyev proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
rate-based query optimization for streaming information sources s viglas   jf naughton sigmod conference   2002.0 
broadband signalling-acronyms atm aesa bt technology journal   1998.0 
multi-way distributional clustering via pairwise interactions r bekkerman   r el-yaniv   a mccallum   
the japan cache project : an experiment on domain cache m nabeshima www6 / computer networks   1997.0 
automatic content-based retrieval of broadcast news mg brown   
sql standardization : the next steps . acms anthology sigmod record   2000.0 
contextual insight in search : enabling technologies and applications a ã?hrn proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
infrared and chemical studies on algal polysaccharides dj stancioff   nf stanley proc . int . seaweed symp    
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database discovery problems lgh garcia-molina   a tomasic i > proc . sigmod conf.   < / i > acm press   new york    
ribbons and beads : native american art reveals history and culture al mccall social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
chemistry and pathobiology of advanced glycation end products ed schleicher   a bierhaus   pp nawroth   r lehmann contributions to nephrology   2001.0 
metaquerier over the deep web : shallow integration across holistic sources kcc chang   b he   z zhang proceedings of the vldb workshop on information integration & hellip ;    
machine vision   theory algorithms practicalities er davis academic   san diego    
the performance of three database storage structures for managing large objects portal.acm.org   
codap : some new techniques to improve job type identification and definition wj phalen   jj weissmuller proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the military & hellip ;    
widening the net : workshop report on the theory and practice of physical and network communities s whittaker   e isaacs   vo ` day acm sigchi bulletin   1997.0 
campus environmental stewardship . dj eagan new directions for higher education   1992.0 
approaches to measuring size of application products with case tools g tate   j verner information and software technology   1991.0 
the weather in israel b ziv introduction to meteorology    
performance limitations of cc-numa and hierarchical coma multiprocessors and the flat-coma solution   a guptaâ ? ¦ stanford university   stanford ( 1992 ) technical report csl-tr-92 -  
xquery implementation in a relational database system s pal   i cseri   o seeliger   m rys   g schaller   w submitted for  
hidden markov models in biomedical signal processing a cohen   
natural reactors in oklo . summary of research through may   1   1974 r naudet proceedings   translation of â ?? le phã © nomã ¨ ne d &#39; okloâ ?? : & hellip ;    
globalization   institutional evolution and the australian federation tj courchene see galligan    
a survey of cache coherence for multiprocessors p stenstrom ieee computer    
an adaptive hash join algorithm for multiuser envronments h zeller   j gray proceedings of the 16th international conference on vldb    
submission of final research report v rehabilitation  2000.0 
technologies for local area computer networks iw cotton computer networks    
us army recruiting effort uses demographic system to fill out volunteer ranks . t scannell computerworld   1980.0 
on graphs all of whose { c ~ 3   t ~ 3 } - free arc colorations are kernel-perfect h galeana-sanchez   jj garcia-ruvalcaba discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2001.0 
two applications of standardization and evaluation in combinatory reduction systems r muller   jb wells submitted for publication   2000.0 
identification of abuse in emergency departments : effectiveness of a two-question screening tool j mcfarlane   l greenberg   a weltge   m watson journal of emergency nursing   1995.0 
on the character of the complete radiation at a given temperature l rayleigh phil . mag    
baltimore : johns hopkins university press   1991 n landscapes   
the organizational and informational context of large business system integration projects rm mattison sigmod record   1987.0 
seabirds as monitors of changing marine environments rw furness   dn nettleship proc int ornithol congr symp    
organizing global r & d : challenges   dilemmas and future trends m von zedtwitz iamot2002   the 11th international conference on management & hellip ;    
trends in hiv infection rates among new york state ( nys ) prison inmates   1987â ?? 97 j mikl   a dzierbicki   pf smith   r greifinger   l see  
a method of ica in time-frequency domain s ikeda   n murata proc . ica    
memory-limited execution of windowed stream joins u srivastava   j widom proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
modulation of the nucleoid   the transcription apparatus   and the translation machinery in bacteria a ishihama genes to cells   1999.0 
performance engineering as an integral part of system design c harvey bt technology journal    
pen pals c barr   m neubarth pc magazine-american edition -   1993.0 
glopeq : a new computational tool for the phase and chemical equilibrium problem . 1994 c mcdonald   c floudas   
red-vbr : a new approach to support delay-sensitive vbr video in packet-switched networks h zhang   ew knightly lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
system description : spass version 1.0 . 0 c weidenbach   b afshordel   u brahm   c cohrs   t lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
adaptive stream resource management using kalman filters a jain   ey chang   yf wang proc . acm sigmod   2004.0 
foreword r swale bt technology journal   2001.0 
cardiac computed tomography dp boyd   mj lipton proc . ieee    
molecular engineering of octupolar nlo molecules and materials based on bipyridyl metal complexes . o maury   h le bozec acc . chem . res   2005.0 
programming distributed collaboration interaction through the www ( working title ) r flores-mendez  1997.0 
art into fashion   george braziller new york   1986 d sonia   
overview of physiological and pathophysiological effects of thromboxane a 2 ml ogletree fed proc   1987.0 
short-term coping techniques for managing stress . af grasha new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0 
a conformity model of software processes r breu   w huber   w schwerin information & software technology    
broker design skills as a key driver in the formation of new product development networks : a d murphy   a lewis   r brown & hellip ; of the portland international conference on management of & hellip ;    
day three versus day two embryo transfer following in vitro fertilization or intracytoplasmic sperm c oatway   j gunby   s daya cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
la robotiqueâ ''   hermã ¨ s science publications ( traitã © des nouvelles technologies ) p coiffet  1992.0 
austin   tx : university oftexas press es act   
improving a product with usage-based testing a kouchakdjian   r fietkiewicz information & software technology   2000.0 
the information effects of analyst activity at the announcement of new equity issues   sp ferris financial management   2000.0 
distributed entertainment environment sj powers   mr hinds   j morphett bt technology journal   1997.0 
digital ridgelet transform via rectopolar coordinate transform dl donoho  1998.0 
h ~ etor garefa-molina . merging ranks from heterogeneous internet sources l gravano technical report sidl-wp-1997-0063   dept. of computer science    
special issue : metadata for digital media w klas   a sheth sigmod record    
introduction to magnetism and magnetic materialsâ ?? second edition chapman & hall 1998 d jiles   
scientific databases-state of the art and future directions m zemankova   ye ioannidis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
an approximate analysis of waiting time in multi-class m/g/1 / . / edf queues k chen   l decreusefond proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;    
formation of highly directional radiation patterns with zero values in given directions through vs filippov   mv indenbom radiotekhnika i elektronika   1976.0 
wave scattering by surface-breaking cracks and cavities bv budaev   db bogy submitted for  
chi-activated recbcd enzyme possesses 5 0â ?? 3 0 nucleolytic activity   but recbc enzyme does not : dg anderson   jj churchill   sc kowalczykowski genes to cells   1997.0 
special issue { directions for future database research and development w kim acm sigmod record   december    
calculating constraints on relational expressions a klug acm transactions on database systems   1980.0 
a kinetic study of cvd-wsix processes . * the comparison of wf / sih and wf / si h processes t saito   k oshima   y shimogaki   y egashira   h proceedings 12th international conference on c < d    
language is spatialâ ?? : experimental evidence for image schemas of concrete and abstract verbs dc richardson   mj spivey   s edelman   ad naples   
software engineering in the small - guest editor 's introduction d moitra ieee computer    
what a temporal gis can do for cadastral systems kka ai-taha   au frank  1995.0 
examination of adolescents ' negative thoughts   depressive mood and family environment b aydin   f oztutuncu adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 
maximizing the output rate of multi-way join queries over streaming information sources s viglas   jf naughton   j burger proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
whysystolicarchitectures ht kung ieee computer    
evaluation of r-1218 in the primary rat hepatocyte unscheduled dna synthesis assayã cents ã cents ã cents final report l bionetics md    
in press gp lewis & hellip ; loblolly/shortleaf pine demonstration final report . us  
realization of dynamic biped walking stabilized with trunk motion under known external force a takanishi   m tochizawa   t takeya   h karaki   i proc . int . conf . advanced robotics    
of data warehouseing and olap technology csdua overview sigmod record    
complex objects art   : t their use in design transaction r lorie   w plouffe prcx : . acm sigmod conf . san jose . may    
spotting hidden contracts : the . net example k arnout   b meyer submitted for  
j. solid state chem b chevalier   jl bobet   e gaudin   m pasturel   j at  
hierarchies of partitions and morphological segmentation f meyer lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
sql table function open architecture and data access middleware h pirahesh   b reinwald  1998.0 
evaluating refined queries in top-k retrieval systems k chakrabarti ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
aves swell and northern lesser antilles ridge : rock-dredging results from arcante 3 cruise p bouysse   p andreieff   m richard   jc baubron   a see mascle    
geologic map of the goleta quadrangle tw dibblee jr santa barbara county   california : santa barbara   california   & hellip ;    
context for semantic metadata k haase proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
1.0 : userâ ?? s manual ck simulator  1995.0 
catalysis of atomic hydrogen to novel hydrogen species hâ ?? 1/4 ( ) and h 2 1/4 ( ) as a new power r mills   j he   z chang   w good   y lu   b dhandapani   
towards adaptive workflow systems : cscw-98 workshop report a bernstein   c dellarocas   m klein acm siggroup bulletin   1999.0 
software technologies created in japan t takeshita information and software technology   1996.0 
formal specification of design pattern combination using bpsl . t taibi   dcl ngo information & software technology   2003.0 
physical impacts of explosions on marine mammals and turtles . appendix d   final environmental impact jc craig jr md    
peoplesoft speeds erp installations   upgrades c stedman computerworld    
structures   semantics and statistics a halevy   
gestion des populations dâ ?? auxiliaires : recolonisation naturelle ou introduction de phytoseudes en s kreiter   g sentenac proceedings of national conference journee dâ ?? informations & hellip ;    
service level agreements : keeping a rein on expectations j hathaway proceedings of the 23rd annual acm siguccs conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
02140   usa   tel : + 1 617 354 5800   1999 ma cambridge   
college teaching : an art or a science ? ja centra   p bonesteel new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
at acm symp . theory of computing e bernstein   u vazirani  1993.0 
interactive collaborative media environments dm traill   jd bowshill   pj lawrence bt technology journal   1997.0 
alcohol-related seizures   part ii : clinical presentation and management es freedland   db mcmicken journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
æ ¶ ? æ ?? å · ¥ è?º ( ç ¬ ¬ å?å ?? ) . å ?? äº ¬ : å ?? å ¦ å · ¥ ä ¸ ? å?ºé ¡ ºç $ 3/4 é © ¬ åº?æ ??   
national water research institute   canada rc murthy & hellip ; coastal management of mumbai ( bombay )   india : a coastal city & hellip ;    
a second opinion on data flow machines and languages d gajski   da padua   dj kuck   rh kuhn ieee computer    
similarity flooding : a versatile graph match algorithm s melnik   h garcia-molina   e rahm technical report   university of stanford    
introduction to thermodynamics of irreversible processes . i prigogine   
studies of ice by means of radio echo sounding pe gudmandsen  1976.0 
high-pressure homogeniser valve mechanics . chemecaâ ?? 95 ar kleinig   bh ide   apj middelberg proceedings of the 23rd australian chemical engineering & hellip ;    
program analysis via graph reachability . information and software technology t reps information and software  
paleoseismology : academic press jp mccalpin san diego   588pp    
chromosome studies on salmonidae g svaerdson  1945.0 
a framework for using action technologies . ke watkins   a brooks new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
model checking-timed uml state machines and collaborations a knapp   s merz   c rauh lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
an evaluation of two metaphors for the presentation of electronic news . accepted for c watters   m shepherd   l manchester   t chaisson  1997.0 
ediâ ?? s move to prime time stalled by cost perception s mohan computerworld    
houses and settlements in byzantine greece c bouras shelter in greece   architecture in greece press   athens    
optimizing epochal evolutionary search : population-size dependent theory e van nimwegen   jp crutchfield machine learning   2001.0 
metabolism   biological handbooks . federation of american societies for experimental biology   pl altman   ds dittmer md    
xml programming   fã ¶ rlag : r wyke allen  2002.0 
problemas de probabilidad y estadãstica cm cuadras vol i.  
immune neglect : a source of durability bias in affective forecasting dt gilbert   ec pinel   td wilson   sj blumberg   tp journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
the phonology and morphology of the tanacross athabaskan language g holton   
zissimopoulos and mv koutras ( 2001 )   fault tree analysis via set cover model sv tsitmidelis eurogen 2001 athens    
detecting hidden messages using higher-order statistics and support vector machines s lyu   h farid lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
using the higher education general information survey ld andrew new directions for program evaluation   1984.0 
case studies . fe musiek   ja baran   mln pinheiro san diego   singular    
concepts and capabilitiesof a databasecomputer j banerjee   ri baum   dk hsiao   k kannan acm transactions on database systems    
the language instinct : how the mind creates language s pinker   
experimental validation in software technology mv zelkowitz   d wallace information and software technology    
solving 3-satisfiability in less than 1 579 ^ n steps i schiermeyer lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 
fvc2002 : fingerprint verification competition d maio   d maltoni   r cappelli   jl wayman   ak jain proc . int . conf . pattern recognition ( icpr )    
shaping music minds t machover bt technology journal    
estimating flow distributions from sampled flow statistics n duffield   c lund   m thorup   
matching   unification and complexity d kapur   p narendran acm sigsam bulletin   1987.0 
tinker : a program by demonstration system for beginning programmers h lieberman watch what i do : programming by  
musical rhetoric in the multi-voice chansons of josquin des prez and his contemporaries ( c. 1500 - v koutsobina  2004.0 
mind your vocabulary : query mapping across heterogeneous information sources . acm sigmod int cck chang   h garcia-molina conference on management of data    
epistemology of disagreement : the good news d christensen unpublished  
theory of database queries ak chandra proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1988.0 
seqhound biological sequence database system as a platform for bioinformatics research k michalikova   gd bader   m dumontier   r isserlin     
advanced technology seminar : application servers and associated technologies c mohan 19 thieee international conference on data engineering ( icde & hellip ;    
closed-form expressions for map time-migration in vti media and applicability of map depth-migration h douma   m de hoop  2003.0 
measurement of program complexity by the pair : ( cyclomatic number   operator count ) wj hansen acm sigplan notices   1978.0 
3d photography on your desk ieee proceedings of international conference of computer vision jy bouguet   p perona bombay   india    
the mouse mammary tumor viruses p hageman   j calafat   ih daams see ref    
preface by the editors-in-chief hj schek   f maryanski the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
guide to the rapide 1.0 langauage reference manuals d luckhman technical report   stanford university   http : anna . stanford .  
fixed access network technologies af cameron   dj thorne   kt foster   si fisher bt technology journal   2004.0 
bedeutung organischer fraktionen in kommunalem abwasser im hinblick auf die mathematische u sollfrank dissertation no 8765   eth-zurich   switzerland    
a simple protocol for the dynamic tuning of the backoff mechanism in ieee 802.11 networks r bruno   m conti   e gregori computer networks   2001.0 
faunal remains from klasies river mouth : academic press lr binford san diego   ca    
conditioning technique for multiinput multioutput processes with input saturation ks walgama   
interactive schema translation with instance-level mappings pa bernstein   s melnik   p mork proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
chemotherapy for hiv associated non-hodgkinâ ?? s lymphoma in combination with highly active l ratner   d redden   f hamzehâ ? ¦ md    
xquery 1.0 : an xml query language s boag   d chamberlin   mf fernandez   d florescu   j w3c working draft    
performance enhancement through replication in an object-oriented dbms ej shekita   mj carey   
foreword f maryanski the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
the master weavers : festival of india in britain   royal college of art   autumn 1982 . j jain  1982.0 
membership algorithms for multicast communication groups y amir   d dolev   s kramer   d malki lecture notes in computer science   1992.0 
a generalization of linear cryptanalysis and the applicability of matsui 's piling-up lemma c harpes   gg kramer   jl massey lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
assessing the effectiveness of social programs : methodological and conceptual issues l sechrest   we yeaton new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
a model partnership to recruit and to retain underrepresented engineering students mr anderson-rowland   s blaisdell   s fletcher   p wepan 1998 conference proceedings   seattle   washington   june    
fail-safe concurrent simulation with eclipse : an introduction f knop   e mascarenhas   v rego   v sunderam submitted for publication    
state of the art in workflow management research and products c mohan sigmod conference   1996.0 
s-parameter measurements in the time domain r tkadlec   
special issue on knowledge representation rj brachman   bc smith acm sigart bulletin   1980.0 
foreword he schaefer   r wã 1/4 rschum   h gleiter   t tsakalakos   
theory ofelectric polarization cjf bottcher   p bordewijk vol i    
optimizing continuous multijoin queries over distributed streams y zhou   y yan   bc ooi   kl tan   a zhou proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
steps to an ecology of mind g bateson  1972.0 
congress and the environment . ra cooley   g wandesforde-smithâ ? ¦  1970.0 
optimization of multi-way join queries h lu   mc shan   kl tan proceedings of the 17th interational conference on  
15-17   1999   piscataway   nj : ieee s germany   
habitat requirements for chesapeake bay living resources . second edition . habitat objectives sl funderburk   ja mihursky   sj jordan   d riley md    
handbook of vertabrate immunology.â ?? academic press p pastoret   g gabriel   h bazin   a govaerts san diego    
metadata for digital libraries : architecture and design rationale mqw baldonado   kcc chang   
optimal shape design for elliptic equations via bie-methods k eppler applied mathematics and computer science   2000.0 
benchmarking internet servers on superscalar machines y luo   j rubio   
applied strategic planning : an introduction ld goodstein   tm nolan   jw pfeiffer   jw pfeiffer  1992.0 
silicon valley usa dc hoefler electronic news    
defining   measuring and evaluating carrying capacity in european tourism destinations h coccossis   a mexa   a colloviniâ ? ¦ athens   greece : environmental planning laboratory of the & hellip ;    
methodological issues in evaluating integrated services initiatives ms knapp new directions for program evaluation    
security of signed elgamal encryption cp schnorr   m jakobsson lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
axiom : the scientific computation system rd jenks   rs sutor  1992.0 
andl n bruno   s chaudhuri & hellip ; : mappingstrategies and performance evaluation   â ?? tods    
safe data sharing and data dissemination on smart devices l bouganim   c cremarenco   fd ngoc   n dieu   p proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
spatial vision in arthropods r wehner handbook of sensory physiology   1981.0 
distributed multimedia transmission from multiple servers a majumdar   r puri   k ramchandran   
monitoring stream properties for continuous query processing u srivastava   s babu   j widom   
card 1994 . â ?? the table lens : merging graphical and symbolic representations in an interactive focus + r rao   k stuart proc . of acm  
campylobacter jejuni infection in a research worker associated with exposure to a poultry abattoir m toszeghy   j shreeve   a ridley   g mead   ja   
stonehouse   1999 . developing a decision support system for manure management mj goss   jr ogilvie ramiran-8th international conference on management  
choosing reference views for image-based representation t werner   v hlavã ¡ c   a leonardis   t pajdla proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ;   1996.0 
the use of regression methodology for the compromise of confidential information in statistical ma palley   js simonoff acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 
metadata managementfor large statistical database j mccarthy the international conference on very large data  
on the analyticity in the potential in classical statistical mechanics d iagolnitzer   b souillard communications in mathematical physics   1978.0 
report shows monitoring of employees on the rise t diederich computerworld    
the great destroyer.â ?? f trade  1996.0 
intranet products : content and collaboration t pompili pc magazine-american edition -   1996.0 
rural advanced life support update course jtb rourke journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
joins   n koudas   d srivastava   t yu   xml approximate acm  
i. uchida   vd neff k itaya acc . chem . res    
â ?? metadata management for large statlstlcal databases mc ca821   jl carthy proc   vldb conf    
monitoring software l seltzer pc magazine    
programming for multiple monitors in windows 98 p modzelewski pc  
recognizing userâ ?? s context from wearable sensors : baseline system k mase   b clarkson   a pentland technical report   massachusetts institute of technology media  
supporting knowledge-intensive processes with workflow management systems t goesmann   m hoffmann verteiltes arbeiten-arbeit der zukunft . proceedings of d - & hellip ;    
on statistical hypotheses testing via simulation method b dimitrov   d green jr   v rykov   p stanchev   
peer responses to low performers : an attributional model of helping in the context of groups ja lepine   l van dyne academy of management review   2001.0 
clients   servers and broadbandâ ?? making a big difference m russ   ma fisher bt technology journal   2002.0 
gonadotropin-releasing hormone : molecular and cell biology   physiology   and clinical applications pm conn   aj hsueh   wf crowley jr fed proc   1984.0 
rondo : a programming platform for generic model management s melnik   e rahm   pa bernstein sigmod conference   2003.0 
the rise of the entrepreneurial state : state and local economic development policy in the united pk eisinger  1989.0 
tutorial : application servers and associated technologies c mohan sigmod conference   2002.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?an overview of data warehousing and olap technologyã cents â ? ¬ â ? s chaudhuri   u dayal acm sigmod record    
approximate query translation across heterogeneous information sources cck chang   h garcia-molina   
validation of an indentor system for evaluating truck seat cushions m seigler   m ahmadian   c boggs   
a pragmatic look at decompilation mf weller proc .  
workgroup computing : group enabled r ayre   bz gottesman pc magazine    
learning about world cultures through folktales . cj fuhler   pj farris   l hatch social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
foreword ra hoffman   rj strangeway   sb mende journal of geophysical research ( space physics   2003.0 
introduction to digital waveguide modeling of musical instruments jo smith unpublished manuscript    
personal computers to spark growth in tempest products jb schultz defense electronic    
garc ä ± a-molina   h.   and tomasic   a. 1994 . the effectiveness of gloss for the text database l gravano proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference  
managing semantic heterogeneity wiht production rules and persistent queries s ceri   j widom proc . of the 19th vldb  
user-driven applications of advanced networks for electronic marketing of tourism products pf byerley   j ewers electronic markets    
implementing proportional rotating schedules nb heller proc . acm urban symposium    
symbolic and algebraic computation : issac ã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents 97   association for computing machinery   new york w kuechlin   
sim eon   j. : â ?? statix : making xml countâ ?? j freire   jr haritsa   m ramanath   p roy proceedings of the 2002 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management  
managing change in mandatory adoption situations ap massey   m montoya-weiss   sa brown   
the combination of vip and atropine induces rem sleep in cats rendered insomniac by pcpa o prospero-garcia   a jimenez-anguiano   r drucker - neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
measuring perceived software quality m xenos   d christodoulakis   
strengthening and refining the federal-state-institutional partnership . jp merisotis new directions for higher education   1991.0 
teaching project management through an information technology-based method k hingoranl   cs sankar   sw kramer project management journal   1998.0 
the development and testing of an evaluation instrument for assessing the effectiveness of a child a downer seattle   washington state    
lattice filters   for adaptive processing b friedlander ieee   proceedings   1982.0 
computer system monitors gj nutt ieee computer    
wã $ rme-und stoffã 1/4 bertragung   3 . auflage hd baehr   k stephan  1998.0 
inc. ( 1999 ) mset applications final report-cold demonstration of  
andr . l. rivest th cormen   ce leiserson introduction to  
optimumca dofcomplex rectangular and circular waveguide circuits by combination of field theory with r keller   u banhardt   b birn   w hauth   g moller proceedings of 25 theuropean microwave conference    
maternal antigen avoidance during lactation for preventing atopic disease in infants of women at ms kramer cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
evaluating individualized learning . hl hodgkinson new directions in higher education   1975.0 
switch fabric interfaces i elhanany   k busch   d chiou   
program participation of mothers on w-2 . m cancian   dr meyer w-2 child support demonstration evaluation   phase 1 : final & hellip ;    
the fight for your tv set c barr pc magazine   1993.0 
optimizing top-k selection queries over multimedia repositories l gravano   a marian ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
knocking the door to the deep web : integrating web query interfaces b he   z zhang   kcc chang   
microscopic vision gj stoney phil . mag    
continues queries over data streams s babu   j widom sigmod record    
design of movable bridges gm stepanov & hellip ; engineering international   iabse   zurich   switzerland    
xperanto : publishing object-relational data as xml . mj carey   d florescu   zg ives   y lu   j webdb ( informal proceedings )   2000.0 
final evaluation report . part ii . children in choros & chronos project i ioannidou   a dimitracopoulou esprit / i    
control of insulin secretion by catecholamines   stress   and the sympathetic nervous system d porte   rp robertson federation proceedings   1973.0 
on designing pronunciation lexicons for large vocabulary   continuous speech recognition l lamel   g adda   
the effectiveness of computer graphics for decision support : meta-analytical integration of research mih hwang   bjp wu acm sigmis database   1991.0 
output-based objective speech quality measure using self-organizing map d picovici   ae mahdi   
evaluation of trends in runoff in the western united states : managing water resources during global kl wahl proc . american water resources association 28th annual conf . & hellip ;    
semi-membership algorithms : some recent advances d denny-brown   y han   la hemaspaandra   l acm sigact news   1994.0 
continuous queries over data streams j widom   s babu sigmod record    
jet al. multimedia storage servers : a tutorial d gemmed ieee computer    
evaluating the network and usability characteristics of virtual reality conferencing cm greenhalgh bt technology journal   1997.0 
sâ ? spatialstats   version 1.0 i mathsoft  1996.0 
multiple mammalian proteasomal atpases   but not proteasome itself   are associated with tata-binding y makino   t yoshida   s yogosawa   k tanaka   m genes to cells   1999.0 
overview of the teaching of evaluation across the disciplines bg davis new directions for program evaluation   1986.0 
tutorial : state of the art in workflow management system research and products c mohan 5th international conference on extending database & hellip ;   1996.0 
comã 3/4 verstehen d platt  1999.0 
overview of plasma aerodynamic research at kju/apl dm van wie   kr la-mattes   lr giossman   dd gauthier proceedings of the 2â ?? d workshop on the applications of & hellip ;    
1.3 / r3 pd wp final results with the demonstration system    
the role of attitudes in memory-based decision making dm sanbonmatsu   rh fazio journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 
analysis of retrieval performance for records and objects using optical disk technology s christodoulakis acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 
seeing is almost believing b machrone pc  
the efficiency of gloss for the text database discovery problem l gravano   h garcia-molina   a tomasic  1993.0 
evolving systems beyond 3gâ ?? the ist brain and mind projects d wisely   e mitjana bt technology journal   2003.0 
enabling component model java   other internet technologies raise the stakes in the effort to smooth p fischer application development trends   2000.0 
a system for sculpting 3-d data re parent acm siggraph computer graphics   1977.0 
superfluid interfaces in liquid he-3 : superconducting cosmic domain walls in the laboratory ( abstract mm salomaa oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
title : ra norris   
metaquerier : querying structured web sources on-the-fly b he   z zhang   kcc chang proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
machine interpretation of facial expressions jf baldwin   sj case   t martin bt technology journal   1998.0 
introduction to bharata 's natya-sastra a rangacharya popular prakashan . bombay   india    
function of a116v-mirp1   a missense mutation associated with acquired arrhythmia f sesti   gw abbott   j wei   dm roden   alj george    1999.0 
engineering distributed systems : simulation-based co-design hs sarjoughian   d hild   bp zeigler ieee computer    
algorithms for clustering data ak jain   rc dubes  1988.0 
developing metadata-intensive appliacitons with rondo e rahm   pa bernstein vldb journal    
supporting telecom business processes by means of workflow management and federated databases w nijenhuis   w jonker   p grefen   
language specification rt snodgrass the tsql2 temporal query  
the theory of quantum fluids d pines   p nozieres vol . i ( addison-wesley )    
a business application of data translation ew winters   af dickey sigmod conference    
polarization diversity in radars d giuli ieee   proceedings   1986.0 
an early look at xquery a eisenberg   j melton sigmod record   2002.0 
dynamic metrics for java b dufour   k driesen   l hendren   c verbrugge   
mt zsu . issues in data stream management l golab sigmod rec    
multicasting a changing repository ( extended version ) w lam   h garcia-molina technical report   stanford university   2002 . available at http : /  
dynamical sliding mode control approach for vertical flight regulation in helicopters h sira-ramirez   m zribi   s ahmad   
state of art in cable screening measurements ep fowler   lk halme proc . int . symp . electromagnetic  
the intentional programming overview c simonyi   
dynamic reference sifting : a case study in the homepage domain j shakes   m langheinrich   o etzioni www6 / computer networks   1997.0 
operations and queries in object-oriented databases supporting complex objects n bhalla   s balasundaram information and software technology   1993.0 
pediatric death : managing the aftermath in the emergency department w ahrens   r hart   n maruyama journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
stack allocating objects in java b steengard   d gay microsoft research technical report   october  
life-cycle of a dual object-oriented specification model for real-time systems ma bruno   p nesi information & software technology   1999.0 
nonresponse in the survey of wisconsin works families . m krecker   j ziliak w-2 child support demonstration evaluation : final report    
evaluating future microprocessors : the simplescalar tool set d burger computer sciences technical report-university of wisconsin & hellip ;   1996.0 
finite and infinite hypercube as direct products w imrich   d rall   
detecting humans in groups using a fast mean shift procedure . digital imaging in media and education c beleznai   b fruhstuck   h bischof   w kropatsch proc . of the 28th aapr workshop    
effectiveness of octreotide in a case of refractory sulfonylurea-induced hypoglycemia rs green   w palatnick journal of emergency medicine   2003.0 
the learning sanctuary as an educational environment . ce kasworm new directions for adult and continuing education   1990.0 
s-plus 2000   modern statistics and advanced graphics ms inc & hellip ; analysis products division . mathsoft   seattle   washington    
â ?? de-noising via soft-thresholding dld don0921 technical report   dept. statistics   stanford university   37p.   921.0 
negative reactions to increases in perceived personal control jm burger journal of personality and social psychology    
biology data book   2nd ed . vol . iii . federation of american societies for experimental biology   pl altman   ds dittmer md    
consulententeams voor mensen met een verstandelijke handicap en ernstig probleemgedrag gja kramer   mcj barnhard   j schouten  1997.0 
an overview of vhdl language and technology m shahdad proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
the computing research repository : promoting the rapid dissemination of computer science research jy halpern   c lagoze proceedings of acm digital librariesâ ?? 99    
the limits of web metadata   and beyond m marchiori www7 / computer networks   1998.0 
linkage studies in a four generation family with x-linked hydrocephalus associated with flexed index kj friedmanâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 23rd annual march of dimes clinical  
schachner m   singer w ( 1996 ) : n-cam 180 in the postnatal development of cat visual cortex : an jam delius   i kramer   
performance evaluation of three active vision systems built at the nrc ja beraldin   sf el-hakim   f blais proceedings of the conference on optical 3-d measurement  
client-based access control management for xml documents l bouganim   fd ngoc   p pucheral proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
finite-tree analysis for constraint logic-based languages r bagnara   r gori   pm hill   e zaffanella lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
downsizing in a learning organization : are there hidden costs ? sr fisher   ma white academy of management review   2000.0 
mind your vocabulary : query mapping across heterogeneous information sources ( extended version ) cck chang   
biofast : challenges in exploring linked life science sources j bleiholder   z lacroix   h murthy   f naumann   l sigmod record   2004.0 
internet teaching resources for japan . pull-out 3 . rg helms   c finegan-stoll social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
improving access to environmental data using context information a tomasic   e simon sigmod record   1997.0 
title ? g de vaucouleurs ann . dâ ?? ap    
state of the art in pattern recognition g nagy proc .  
a recovery algorithm for a distributed database system n goodman   d skeen   a chan   u dayal   s fox   d ries proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1983.0 
an implementation of gem supportingasemanticdatamodelonarelational back-end s tsur   c zaniolo proceedings sigmod conference   boston   massachusetts    
using model checking to validate ai planner domain models j penix   c pecheur   k havelund   
sql standardization : the next steps a eisenberg   j melton acm sigmod record   2000.0 
the current state of proving programs correct rl london   
a volumetric methad for building complex models from range imgaes b curless   m levoy proceedings acm  
xquery : a query language for xml . w3c working draft d chamberlin   d florescu   j robie   m stefanescu   
concepts and capabihties of a database computer j banerjee   dk hsiao acm trans . database syst    
evaluating the effect of intensity standardization and inhomogeneity correction on mr images a madabhushi   jk udupa proc . of 28th ieee north-eastern conf . on bioengineering    
microsoft excel 97 developer 's handbook e wells   s harshbarger  1997.0 
towards adaptive workflow systems a bernstein   c dellarocas   m klein   
numerische simulation der setzungserscheinungen in tailingsschlã $ mmen u reichel diplomthesis   technical university chemnitz    
foreword m carr bt technology journal   2003.0 
sip and conversational internet applications dr wisely bt technology journal   2001.0 
a polarized 3 he gas compression system using metastability-exchange optical pumping ds hussey   dr rich   as belov   x tong   h yang   c   
chemrate   version 1.19   nist   gaithersburg v mokrushin   v bedanov   w tsang   mr zachariah   vd md    
microsoft access 97 visual basic : step by step e callahan  1997.0 
atrial natriuretic factor : an overview aj de bold fed proc   1986.0 
workflow redesign through consolidation in information-intensive business processes r dewan   a seidmann   
xlmr genes : update 1994 g neri   p chiurazzi   jf arena   ha lubs md   1994.0 
a robust on-the-fly pitch ( otfp ) estimation algorithm s sood   a krishnamurthy proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
the importance of being earnest s caudron electronic business    
new dates and new rates for divergence across the isthmus of panama n knowlton   la weigt proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0 
the thabamus ofthe macaca mulatta j olszewski an at    
signature caching in parallel object database systems k norvag information and software technology   2002.0 
a survey ofapproaches toautomatic schema matching e rahm   pa bernstein the vldb journal    
combination low dose thalidomide and cyclosporine prophylaxis for acute graft-versus-host disease in gb vogelsang   mc wells   gw santos   tl chen   ad transplant  
design of relational database schemas . g pangalos information and software technology   1988.0 
the management of digital data : a metadata approach a chilvers   j feather electronic library   1998.0 
mayaquest : a student-directed expedition . r hefte social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
the state of research on university teaching effectiveness . jg donald new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0 
identification of rate constants and non-observable absorption spectra in nonlinear biochemical d maraun   w horbelt   h rust   j timmer   hp   
special issue in multidatabase systems a sheth acm sigmod record    
web services architecture k mockford bt technology journal   2004.0 
introduction to the special issue on semantic integration ah doan   nf noy   ay halevy acm sigmod record   2004.0 
concurrent programming with eiffel m karaorman   jl bruno  1991.0 
integrating history and the art of larry rivers d turner social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
managing structure in bits & pieces : the killer use case for xml e sedlar proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
analysis of object retrieval performance from optical disks s christodoulakis acm trans . database syst    
description and analysis of infrasound and seismic signals recorded from the watusi explosive j bhattacharyya   he bass   dp drob   rw whitaker   do   
picodbms : scaling down database techniques for the smartcard p pucheral   l bouganim   p valduriez   c bobineau the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
psychoanalytic studies ofthe personality wrd fairbairn i vistock    
down in the digits : year 2000 conversion techniques m franke   mc gehr application development trends   1997.0 
foreword f briggs bt technology journal   1997.0 
foreword pb domorski bt technology journal   2000.0 
severe steroid-responsive nephrosis associated with hypersensitivity dh sandberg   cw bernstein   rm mcintosh   r carr   j lancet i   1977.0 
requirement engineering apnp rolland   p negoro information and software technology   1999.0 
unilateral contact applications using fem software me stavroulaki   ge stavroulakis   
confidence of agreement among multiple lvcsr models and model combination by svm ieeexplore.ieee.org   
coma : panel discussion d malaise study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 
growth monitoring in children r panpanich   p garner cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
xylem structure and the ascent of sap mh zimmermann  1983.0 
submission and repository management of digital libraries   using www g karvounarakis   s kapidakis computer networks   2000.0 
an on-the-fly mark and sweep garbage collector based on sliding views h azatchi   y levanoni   h paz   e petrank   
demography and cultural evolution : why adaptive cultural processes produced maladaptive losses in j henrich unpublished manuscript    
parallel optical links move data at 3 gbits/s d bursky electronic  
despite capacity outlays   fabless vendors still fret a cataldo electronic news    
managing risk e greenberg pc magazine    
design of data warehouses using metadata [ j ] l wua   l millera   s nilakantab information and software technology    
compressed accessibility map : efficient access control for xml . t yu   d srivastava   lvs lakshmanan   hv jagadish vldb   2002.0 
on twisted tensor products of algebras   ( mimeographed )   johns hopkins univ.   baltimore v gugenheim md    
ã?konomisch - philosophische manuskripte aus dem jahre 1844 k marx mew   ergã $ nzungsband  
continuous monitoring of oxygen saturation in prehospital patients with severe illness : the problem gw bota   bh rowe journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
integration definition function modeling ( idef0 ) . software standard modeling techniques . fips pub183 f pub183 md   1983.0 
flow cytometry   vol . 33 methods in cell biology z darzynkiewicz   ha crissman san diego    
the road map to the manual gm garrity   jg holt bergey &#39; s manual of systematic bacteriology   2001.0 
pen computing : a technology overview and a vision a meyer acm sigchi bulletin   1995.0 
15 seconds of fameâ ?? an interactive   computer-vision based art installation b batagelj   f solina   p peer proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
a methodology for computer-based explanation of decision analysis cp langlotz   eh shortlie   lm fagan technical report ksl-86-57   stanford university   november  
the lsd broadcast encryption scheme d halevy   a shamir lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
a questionâ ?? answering system using program generation j kontos   g papakonstantinou proc . of acm internat . computing  
microporous mater a auroux   p artizzu   i ferino   r monaci   e rombi     
growth and strain selection in the marine alga gigartina exasperata ( florideophyceae ) jr waaland proc . int . seaweed symp    
foreword by john ames j ames bt technology journal   1997.0 
sql open heterogeneous data access b reinwald   h pirahesh   
performance management : the state of the field . association for public policy and management df kettl 22nd annual research conference   seattle   washington    
acute carpal tunnel syndrome from thrombosed persistent median artery-case report c balakrishnan   mf smith   p puri journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
the generality of the automatic attitude activation effect ja bargh   s chaiken   r govender   f pratto journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0 
islamic resurgence and neoliberal economic reforms in west asia g pant international studies-bombay then new delhi -   2001.0 
subclinical mastitis in denmark   1991â ?? 1994 a huda proceedings of the 23rd international dairy federation & hellip ;    
detoxification of benzoxazolin-2 ( 3h ) - one in higher plants i wieland   a friebe   m kluge   d sicker   m schulz proc . int . allelopathy soc    
effortfulness and flexibility of dispositional judgment processes y trope   t alfieri journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
the performance of the ams-02 trd j burger   s gentile proc . 28th international cosmic ray conference    
magnesium-doped gallium nitride for electronic and optoelectronic device applications p kozodoy  1999.0 
markerless tracking using planar structures in the scene g simon   a fitzgibbon   a zisserman   
teaching history across the elementary curriculum . s crenshaw social studies and the young learner   1989.0 
j er ome sim eon.â ?? statix : making xml countâ ?? j freire   jr haritsa   m ramanath   p roy proceedings of the 2002 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management & hellip ;    
quasi 3-d effects in leaky infragravity waves ar van dongeren   ia svendsen   u putrevu proc . 26th int . conf . on coast . engrg.   copenhagen    
guest editor 's introduction f highland ieee expert : intelligent systems and their applications   1994.0 
introduction to spectropolarimetry no j del toro iniesta isbn    
multi-district trainer of trainers institute : a trainer of trainers model focused on the acquisition me calderã ³ n  1986.0 
in depth : look out   here comes india j vijayan computerworld    
ise integrated systems engineering ag sr manual zurich  
guest editor 's introduction : hardware-software codesign w wolf ieee design & test   1993.0 
1991 ap sheth acm sigmod record special issue on semantic issues in  
business development in it-dependent organisations t nordstrã ¶ m   m sã ¶ derstrã ¶ m   o hanseth   
mollusk survey of southwestern oregon   with emphasis on the rogue and umpqua river drainages tj frest   ej johannes deixis consultants   seattle   washington . v    
interface segregation and related processes in materials j nowotny  1991.0 
mining top-k covering rule groups for gene expression data g cong   kl tan   akh tung   x xu proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
opencorba : a reflective open broker t ledouxâ ? ¦ lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
andjohnstone   im ( 1992a ) minimaxestimationviawaveletshrinkage dl donoho technical report   department of statistics   stanford  
a first look at the results of the 1994 carnegie mellon survey of industrial r & d in the united wm cohen   rr nelson   j walsh unpublished manuscript    
adems   an adaptable and extensible mediation service application to biological sources g bruno proceedings of the 28th international conference on vldb  
pencigraphyâ ?? with agc : joint parameter estimation in both domain and range of functions in same s mann   
application of 3 d-preconditioning for the prediction of helicopter fuselage drag considering hf von geyr   n kroll european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
word learning and the growth of potentially knowable vocabulary jm anglin   tm alexander   cj johnson submitted for publication    
the architecture of an active   object-oriented database system d mccarthy   u dayal proc . 1989 acm-sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
stability and optimal control of nonlinear descriptor systems : a survey pc mueller applied mathematics and computer science   1998.0 
optimal structure of flow in a gas centrifuge for separating uranium isotopes vd borisevich   ev levin   vv naumochkin at .  
the process of transformation : steps toward change . jm tarule new directions for higher education   1980.0 
a new approach to computing optimal schedules for the job-shop scheduling problem p martin   db shmoys lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
gestion des populations d'auxilaires : recolonization naturelle ou introduction de phytoseiides en s kreiter   g sentenac proceedings â ?? journee dâ ?? informations sur les auxiliaires & hellip ;   1995.0 
foreword kc woollard bt technology journal   1998.0 
lixquery : a formal foundation for xquery research j hidders   p michiels   j paredaens   r vercammen sigmod record   2005.0 
handbuch der laplace-transformation   vol . 1 g doetsch i ( birkhauser   basel    
minkowski-metrics as a combination rule for digital-image-coding impairments h de ridder proc . spie   1992.0 
context effects in communication m manis journal of personality and social psychology   1967.0 
educating engineers to manage technology : an international comparison dl babcock   be lloyd   
cache coherence protocol specification â ??   alewife systems memo # 5 d chaiken  1990.0 
programs for tas in the context of campus policies and priorities r smock   rj menges new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0 
agile : adaptive indexing for context-aware information filters jp dittrich   pm fischer   d kossmann proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
some neo-darwinian decision rules for altruism : weighing cues for inclusive fitness as a function of e burnstein   c crandall   s kitayama journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
mechanisms for effective caching in the globe location service a baggio   g ballintijn   m van steen   
metadata for digital media w klaus   a sheth sigmod record   special issue on metadata for digital media   & hellip ;    
mediamill : exploring news video archives based on learned semantics cgm snoek   m worring   j van gemert   jm geusebroek   proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
fuzzy logic enabled soc monitoring meters for nimh batteries s arey   vr gaddam   z yang   p singh   c fennie   de procs .  
a 1.8 v 94 db dynamic range 16 modulator for voice applications j grilo   e macrobbie   r halim   gc temes proc . int . solid-state circuits conf    
some radar observations associated with an operational convective cloud modification project pl smith   jr miller conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
a method for evaluating marine protected area management j alder coastal management   2002.0 
theoretical studies ofproton transfers s schemer acc . chem . res    
a robust point matching algorithm for autoradiograph alignment a rangarajan   e mjolsness   s pappu   l davachi   ps lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
planning for the 1980 s : the context . h howeâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   1980.0 
characterization of asphalt fractions in airborne particles from highway traffic and their k he   h mosbaek   jc tjell technical university of denmark    
and dragomir r. radev   dr generating summaries of multiple news articles k mckeown proceedings of  
role of strategic planning in engineering management k krishen   
groundwater contamination by pce and tce : atsdr 's approach to evaluating public health hazard bk weis   as susten unpublished  
mastercard nears finish of payment system rollout l mearian   
an age-associated decrease in the frequency of c4b ^ * q0 indicates that null alleles of complement gj arason   j kramer annals-new york academy of sciences   2003.0 
the influence of implicit motives on memory processes b woike   e lavezzary   j barsky journal of personality and social psychology   2001.0 
vousd.â cents   p. ( 1949 ) he kay   p vousden phil . mag    
managing engineering information with hypermedia pr nelson   d schuler boeing commercial airplane group   seattle washington    
an analysis of wide-are name server traffic : a study of the internet domain name system p danzig   k obraczka   a kumar proc acm  
conceptual and nonconceptual processes in the concept-shift behavior of kindergarten children rh ellis  1974.0 
semantic analysis for video contents extractionâ ?? spotting by association in news video y nakamura   t kanade proceedings of the fifth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
a classification scheme for user location strategies in personal communications services systems r jain submitted for  
a case-based system for trade secrets law proceedings f : rst international conference on artijic : al el rissland   kd ashley  1987.0 
hardware roundup : a look at 98 systems from 17 vendors t henkel   
schema and ontology matching with coma + + d aumueller   hh do   s massmann   e rahm proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
special section on advanced xml data processing k aberer acm sigmod record    
criteria for evaluation of data communications services ds grubb   iw cotton computer networks    
physico-chemical constants of binary systems ( interscience   new york   1959 ) j timmermans vol .  
what juvenile court abolitionists can learn from the failures of sentencing reform d yellen wisconsin law review   1996.0 
preliminary report on phase one of the selection project for the hilton hotel b hesketh   e allworth   g considine unpublished manuscript    
state of the art of aero-elastic codes for wind turbine calculation . bm pedersen proc.   28th meeting experts   iea annex xi   april    
purely relational flwors t grust proc . of the acm sigmod/pods 2nd intâ ?? l workshop on xquery & hellip ;   2005.0 
g-win - the gbit/s infrastructure for the german scientific community g hoffmann computer networks   2000.0 
reconciling schemas of disparate data sources : a machine-learning approach a doan   p domingos   ay halevy sigmod conference   2001.0 
vision based object tracking using ls-n-ips p torma   c szepesvari  2000.0 
final report contraves corp s kose zurich ( switzerland ) . space dept    
semistructured data   may 1997 p buneman tutorial sigmod  
yangians and their applications   handbook of algebra   vol . 3 ai molev elsevier   to  
visual attentive interfaces t selker bt technology journal   2004.0 
deaths associated with inappropriate intravenous colchicine administration ra bonnel   ml villalba   cb karwoski   j beitz journal of emergency medicine   2002.0 
sql : 1999   formerly known as sql3 a eisenberg   j melton sigmod record   1999.0 
energy-efficient issue logic d folegnani   a gonzalez proc . of the 28th annual intl. symp . on comp . architecture    
parameters of cache systems based on a zipf-like distribution dg dolgikh   am sukhov computer networks   2001.0 
compiler optimizations for distributed memory multicomputers used in the paradigm compiler dj palermo   e su   ja chandy   p banerjee proceedings of the 23rd international conference on parallel  
a tsql2 tutorial rt snodgrassâ ? ¦ sigmod record   1994.0 
a survey of approaches to automatic schema matching s melnik   e rahm   pa bernstein journal of web semantics    
survey : continuous query over data streams s rahul acm sigmod record    
generalizing abstraction functions b lampson  1997.0 
methylxanthines for exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease rg barr   bh rowe   ca camargo jr cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
theme issue : overlay networks jd touch computer networks    
rfc 977 : network news transfer protocol b kantor   
methods of calculating lasers [ in russian ]   vol . 2 bi stepanov nauka  
rondo : a programming platform for generic model management ( extended version ) s melnik   e rahm   pa bernstein technical report   leipzig university   2003 . available at http : / /  
managing text as data g pavlovic-lazetic   e wong vldb   1986.0 
prediction of type i diabetes in first-degree relatives using a combination of insulin   gad   and cf verge   r gianani   e kawasaki   l yu   m diabetes-new  
the northwest federation of community organizations   â ?? np center northwest job gap study   â ?? seattle   washington   january    
cost of producing a kilogram of cotton mr chaudry proceedings of the 23rd international cotton conference   & hellip ;    
the speciation and biogeography of birds : academic press i newton san diego   ca    
trade unions and full employment   report to the lo congress 1951 r meidner   g rehnâ ? ¦ landsorganisationen i sverige    
results and challenges in web search evaluation d hawking   n craswell   p thistlewaite   d harman www8 / computer networks   1999.0 
who supported the canada-us free trade agreement : factor or industry cleavages in trade policy ? e beaulieu unpublished manuscript    
domesticating broadbandâ ?? what consumers really do with flat-rate   always-on and fast internet b anderson   c gale   mlr jones   a mcwilliam bt technology journal   2002.0 
fql-a functional query language pb pi   re frankel acm sigmod conf . on management of  
a case of rubella encephalitis : rubella virus genome was detected in the cerebrospinal fluid by m date   m gondoh   s kato   m fukushima   n nakamoto   no to hattatsu   1995.0 
a soft-typing system for erlang so nystrom proceedings of acm sigplan erlang  
preemptive rate-based operator scheduling in a data stream management system ma sharaf   pk chrysanthis   a labrinidis   
merging with integrity constraints s konieczny   rp perez lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
oracle layza 's tales from fujitsu habitat t tsuchiya unpublished manuscript    
circular statistics in biology : academic press e batschelet new york    
robust identification by dynamic neural networks using sliding mode learning as poznyak   w yu   en sanchez   h sira-ramirez applied mathematics and computer science   1998.0 
database performance in the real world - tpc-d and sap r/3 ( experience paper ) j doppelhammer   t hoeppler   a kemper   d kossmann sigmod conference    
0 . e.   and heine   v.   1965 a animalu phil . mag    
the erythrocyte sedimentation rate js olshaker   da jerrard journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
applications to large data sets in the geosciences b map electronic  
future technologies pe holmes   ig dufour   p muschamp bt technology journal   2004.0 
encephalopathy associated with dengue infection hw sumarmo lancet i   1978.0 
metadata in video databases r jam   a hampapur sigmod record ( acm spectal interest group on management of & hellip ;    
scanning technology automates dificult airway registry gl gibby   mld jp & hellip ; for technology in anesthesia   scientific demonstration ( & hellip ;    
april 1   1999   creel surveyor   oregon state department of fish & wildlife   telephone conversation n duncan ecology & environment   inc.   seattle    
complex systems and cognitive structures j jost monograph   to  
a scalable algorithm for answering queries using views proc . of the int r pottinger   ay levy conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )    
managing the environment for older students . le gelwicks   r weinstock new directions for higher education   1980.0 
gallocyanin chrome alum w sandritter   g kiefer   w rick introduction  
the dancing genome project : generation of a human-computer choreography using a genetic algorithm fj lapointe   m ã?poque proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
al.   '' the i-iipac project : combining active databases and timing constraints u dayal acm sigmod  
medical-care expenditure : a cross-national survey jp newhouse the journal of human resources   1977.0 
exploiting captions for access to multimedia databases n rowe   e guglielmo ieee computer    
design of experiments using the taguchi approach : 16 steps to product and process improvement by r roy   
reversal of orphenadrine-induced ventricular tachycardia with physostigmine . lk danze   mi langdorf journal of emergency medicine   1991.0 
application servers and associated technologies c mohan   
halogen bonding based recognition processes : a world parallel to hydrogen bonding p metrangolo   h neukirch   t pilati   g resnati acc . chem . res   2005.0 
implementing entrepreneurial ideas : the case for intention b bird the academy of management review   1988.0 
application a dehon   d utilization proc . acm international symposium on fpgas    
brief announcement : cataclysm : handling extreme overloads in internet services b urgaonkar   p shenoy   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?an overview of data warehousing and olap technologies   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc s chaudhuri   u dayal acm sigmod    
nominalism and realism : universals and scientific realism   vol . i dm armstrong vol . i   cambridge    
foreword a iserles   sp nã ¸ rsett   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?the ics-forth rdfsuite : managing voluminous rdf description bases s alexaki   v christophides   g karvounarakis   d procs of 2nd int . workshop on the semantic web ( semwebã cents â ? ¬ & hellip ;    
session : acm multimedia art exhibition table of contents r rennã ³   r marchetti   gd du rau proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
groundwater vistas i environmental simulations guide to using    
the dissection of selection in person perception : inhibitory processes in social stereotyping cn macrae   gv bodenhausen   ab milne journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
composites in civil engineeringâ ?? state of the art in europe . cj burgoyne struct . eng . int . ( iabse   zurich   switzerland )    
sur les deformations des algebres de courants de type reductif   cr acad p lecomte   c roger sci . paris   i    
xquery 1.0 : an xml query language d chamberlin   j clark   d florescu   j robie   j   
characterisation of technology roadmaps : purpose and format r phaal   cjp farrukh   dr probert   
efficient crawling through url ordering j cho   h garcia-molina   l page www7 / computer networks   1998.0 
maximum entropy in applied econometric research j sengupta   
l. tenney . aformalspecication andimplementation method for protocols tp blumer andr computer networks    
foreword by ral foster ral foster bt technology journal   1997.0 
speed-coupled flattening video figures c gutwin video proceedings of acm chi    
paleogene and franciscan complex stratigraphy   southwestern san rafael mountains sa schussler santa barbara county   california : santa barbara   university & hellip ;    
a short introduction to concurrent euclid rc holt acm sigplan notices   1982.0 
cultural diversity in the workplace : managing a multicultural work force . lg martin   jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education   1990.0 
heterodimerization targets a homeodomain protein complex to the nucleus a spit   r hyland   ejc mellor   la casselton submitted for  
geography   trade and growth : problems and possibilities for the new zealand economy p mccann   
high level system design and analysis using abstract state machines e boerger lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
tsql2 language specification   1994 rt snodgrass available by ftp from ftp . cs . arizona .  
watching behaviour : the role of context and learning h buxton   r howarth   
system rx : one part relational   one part xml h piraheshâ ? ¦ proceedings of sigmod  
finite element analysis of electromagnetic torque saturation harmonics in a squirrel cage machine a demenko electronic engineering   1999.0 
workflow verification : finding control-flow errors using petri-net-based techniques wm van der aalst lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
3 . von zur gathen and 3 . hopcroft   '' fast parallel matrix and gcd computations ab bgh proceedings of the 23rd stoc    
synthesizing independent database schemas j biskup   u dayal   pa bernstein proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
learning from technologies : a perspective on the research s rockman unpublished manuscript    
managing quality ( 3 rded . ) oxford : blackwell publishing bg dale  1999.0 
kalman filters for prediction and tracking in an adaptive sensor network v mandfredi   s mahadevan   j kurose technical report 05-07   cs dept.   u.  
23   national formulary 18   united state   pharmacopoeial convention   rockville us pharmacopoeia md    
handbook of vegetable pests : academic press jl capinera san diego    
learning technologies for learner services m phillips   p kelly new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
using literature studies to promote elementary social studies learning . tm mcgowan social studies and the young learner   1992.0 
issues in data stream management l golab sigmod record   2003.0 
comaâ ?? a system for flexible combinationofschemamatchingapproaches h do   e rahm proc . 28thinternational conference on very large data bases    
cronquist . 1973 . a. flora of the pacific northwest c hitchcock university of washington press . seattle    
essence and accidents of software engineering info.computer.org   
w ard   a. andw ebster   p. : the anatomyofa context-aware application a harter   a hopper   p steggles proc . ofthe acm/ieeemobicom    
answering queries with aggregation using views d srivastava   s dar   hv jagadish   ay levy vldb   1996.0 
failure handling in large scale workflow management systems   ibm research report rj9913   tech g alonso   m kamath   d agrawal   a el abbadi   r bericht   ibm almaden research center   november    
query rewrite for xml in oracle xml db m krishnaprasad   zh liu   a manikutty   jw warner   v proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
learning   irreversibilities and climate cd kolstad   
marginal mentoring : the effects of type of mentor   quality of relationship   and program design on br ragins   jl cotton   js miller academy of management journal   2000.0 
maximum feasible misunderstanding ; community action in the war on poverty . dp moynihan  1969.0 
a genome databases framework lfb seibel   s lifschitz lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
a holistic paradigm for large scale schema matching b he   kcc chang sigmod record   2004.0 
synthesis of 3 0-c-and 4 0-c-branched oligodeoxynucleotides and the development of lna ( locked j wengel acc chem res    
aids in cultural   historic   and epidemiologic context sc mccombie see ref    
on the measurement of research performance : the use of bibhometric indicators   monograph 199 pp hf moed   wjm burger   jg frankfort   afj van raan   
efficiently publishing xml views of relational databases j shanmugasundaram   e shekita   r barr proc . of vldb    
academic : new york   1978 s newman vol .  
a uniform approach to processing temporal queries u dayal   
friends and strangers : acquaintanceship   agreement   and the accuracy of personality judgment dc funder   cr colvin journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
rapportage arbeidsmarkt zorg en welzijn 1999   hoofdrapport en tabellenrapport   oktober 1999   æ ? 75   - zw nivel   osa nzi   
request routing in cache meshes c grimm   js voeckler   h pralle computer networks   1998.0 
a unified probabilistic framework for web page scoring systems m diligenti   m gori   m maggini ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
press ios wotug   
an identity based encryption scheme based on quadratic residues c cocks lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
a uniform approach to processing temporal data u dayal   g wuu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
the therapeutic community : study of effectiveness treatment research monograph # 84-1286   nida   g deleon md    
non-reflecting boundary conditions for the unsteady euler equations mb giles technical report cfdl-tr-88-1   massachusetts institute of  
revision 3.3 xtpp definition  1988.0 
vocational rehabilitation counselors in the state of wisconsin : their theoretical orientation   the td fier  1999.0 
5 . 0 specification t revision  1988.0 
2 . 135 day l & rechnitzer g ( 1999 ) evaluation of the tractor rollover protective structure rebate g regulation   c uk   
when no news is good news . j kirchner pc  
distance learning : a chi 97 special interest group l neal   j ramsay   j preece acm sigchi bulletin   1997.0 
a. broder   '' summary cache : a scalable wide-area web cache sharing protocol l fan   p cao   j almeida proceedings of acm sigcomm    
managing system and active-content integrity jr michener   t acar   
the measurement of information systems effectiveness : evaluating a measuring instrument je scott   
higher excited states of polyatomic molecules ( academic   new york   1974 ) mb robin vol .  
teacher education : one deanâ ?? s perspective and forecast on the state of technology and teacher prep a glenn electronic learning    
photochemical and chemical studies on the chromophore of bacteriorhodopsin t schreckenbach   d oesterhelt federation proceedings   1977.0 
homology studies on insect egg systems g krause see ref    
fate of nitrate in subsurface academic press hb pionke   rr lowrance san diego    
broadcast news transcription in mandarin l chen   l lamel   g adda   jl gauvain   
on ergodicity of some tar ( 2 ) processes n kunitomo submitted for publication   2001.0 
coma : panel discussion hu keller study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 
fabrication of cmos on ultrathin soi obtained by epitaxial lateral overgrowth and chemical - g shahidi   
attitude strength and resistance processes em pomerantz   s chaiken   rs tordesillas journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
entropy of he 2 and universality near the superfluid in he ( 4 ) al singaas ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1984.0 
performance monitoring for in-life capacity management dj chown   j graham bt technology journal   2002.0 
a profile of the regional bioscience industry sm day  2001.0 
death and the loss of civilized prã © dation among the piaroa of the orinoco basin j overing see ref   1993.0 
trt update course pj jastreboff   mm jastreboff san diego   april    
queuing systems   vol . 1 l kleinrock i :  
rate of convergence of polyharmonic splines to polysplines o kounchev   h render   
the power of partnering : vision   commitment   and action jg sujansky  1991.0 
on-the-fly constraint mapping across web query interfaces z zhang   b he   kcc chang proceedings of the vldb workshop on information integration & hellip ;   2004.0 
multi-core soc platform integration using amba n stollon   r veal   l petrosian at designcon    
semi-discrete schemas for operator differential equations . tbilisi ja rogava  1995.0 
optimal selection of measurement locations for parameter estimation in distributed processes d ucinski applied mathematics and computer science   2000.0 
guest editor 's introduction : music in multimedia systems w effelsberg   
biological oxidations in oxic and anoxic marine environments : rates and processes   208 pp ah devol ph. d. thesis   university of washington   seattle   washington  
microsoft access 97 field guide sl nelson  2000.0 
johns hopkins university press   baltimore gh golub   cf van loan md    
bankrupt firm blames sap for failure t diederich computerworld    
some aspects of multivariate statistics for morphometrics lf marcus contributions to morphometrics   1993.0 
almost the voice of silence : the later novelettes of jd salinger i hassan wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 
updates in a rule-based language for objects m kramer   g saake   
introduction to queueing theory as tanenbaum computer  
methods of calculation of nonstationary processes for separating multicomponent isotope mixtures in ia vereninov   yv rakitsky at . energ    
nigeria   supra note 1 . one us dollar is worth approximately 79 nigerian nairas ss africa   
negotiation-the art of the possible b batros computerworld    
parallel computer vision l uhr  1987.0 
data mining in the bioinformatics domain s tsur proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
empirical performance evaluation of e rahm acm transactions on database systems   1993.0 
faulkner 's one ring circus r pearce wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1966.0 
application of inorganic insulating materials in nuclear reactors na aseev at . energ    
pipes and water damage a klaus   u straub   c teuber  1992.0 
exploiting statistics on query expressions for optimization n bruno   s chaudhuri sigmod conference   2002.0 
an assessment of the performance of diffuser augmented wind turbines ( dawt 's ) gjw van bussel procs . 3 rd asme/jsme joint fluids engineering conference    
implementing a sentient computing system a hopper ieee  
vol . 5 iset manuals ise integrated systems engineering ag   zurich   switzerland    
the global forest products model : structure   estimation   and applications j buongiorno   
art exhibition : impossible geographies 01 p gemeinboeck   ma krell proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
b.   babu   s.   mcalister   j. and widom   j. ( 2002 ) : characterizing memory requirements for queries over b arasu proc . acm sigmod-sigact-sigart symposium on principles of  
control-sensitive feature selection for lazy learners f domingos artificial intelligence review   1997.0 
generalizing mean field theory for distributed optimization and control . 2004 dh wolpert   
depression runs in families : the social context of risk and resilience in children of depressed cl hammen  1991.0 
introduction rm keesing see herdt    
continuous queries over data streams s babu   j widom sigmod record   2001.0 
from self-conceptions to self-worth : on the sources and structure of global self-esteem bw pelham   wb swann journal of personality and social psychology   1989.0 
java security s oakes  1998.0 
infant day care : a cause for concern j belsky zero to three    
multilingual information technology s appleby bt technology journal   2003.0 
culture conflicts in software engineering technology transfer mv zelkowitz   dr wallace   dw binkley   
dessis 4.0 manual r escoffier   u krumbein   e lyumkis   b polsky   a ise integrated systems engineering ag   zurich   switzerland    
building self-sufficiency in pregnant and parenting teens : final implementation report of project a branch  1984.0 
implementing a star1 chip mr greenstreet   
context management in modeling information systems ( is ) b garner   r raban information and software technology   1999.0 
prefetch injection based on hardware monitoring and object metadata ar adl-tabatabai   rl hudson   mj serrano   s   
the maximum rate of evaporation of water t alty phil . mag    
performance of tcp/ip over next generation broadband wireless access networks i stojanovic   m airy   d gesbert   h saran   
regulation of interaction of the acetyltransferase region of p300 and the dna-binding domain of sp1 t suzuki   a kimura   r nagai   m horikoshi genes to cells   2000.0 
the limits to globalization : technology districts and international trade m storper economic geography   1992.0 
reversible blindness associated with alcoholic ketoacidosis : pseudomethanol intoxication-visual loss c feeney   m muller   s bryzman   t nakada journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
statistical grid-based clustering over data streams nh park   ws lee sigmod record   2004.0 
image data compression - a review ak jain ieee   proceedings   1981.0 
shape priors for level set representations m rousson   n paragios lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
an overview of data warehouse and olap technology s chauduri   u dayal sigmod record    
the efficacy of gloss for the text database discovery problem l gravano   a tomasic   
on the goal-dependence of automatic attitude activation : a model of affective priming by two kc klauer   j musch unpublished manuscript   1998.0 
struct . bonding 2000   97   91 ; d. schrã ¶ der   s. shaik   h. schwarz d schrã ¶ der acc . chem . res    
coma-asystemforflexiblecombinationofschemamatchingapproaches h do   e rahm proceedings of the 28th vldb conference   hong kong   china (  
brief announcement : concurrent maintenance of rings x li   j misra   cg plaxton   
parallel part segmentation for object recognition a pentland technical report 108   vision sciences   media laboratory    
a weak type inequality for convolution products a bellow   ap calderon to  
enterprise information integration : successes a halevyâ ? ¦ challenges and controversies acm sigmod international & hellip ;    
adaptive filters for continuous queries over distributed data streams c olston   j jiang   j widom sigmod conference   2003.0 
the demokritos meteorological research tower gt amanatidis  1990.0 
adaptive speech noise reduction w jiang   h malvar  1999.0 
guest editor 's introduction : imaging in medical education p dev   
compass : a concept-based web search engine for html   xml   and deep web data ( demo ) j graupmann   m biwer   c zimmer   p zimmer   m bender  2004.0 
trade and conflict : assessing the impact of interdependence on militarized conflict . k barbieri unpublished manuscript    
computer system   heal thyself ld paulson   
general and specific interfaces : experiences with a multimedia platform d bargeron   j grudin   a gupta   
the art and theory of dynamic programming se dreyfus   am law  1977.0 
processing sliding window multi-joins in continuous queries over data streams l golab proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
the next steps sql standardization  2000.0 
the effect of food and cholestyramine on the absorption of cyclosporine in cardiac transplant a keogh   r day   l critchley   g duggin   d baron transplant proc   1988.0 
metabolic effect of thyroid hormones   in handbook of physiology   sec. 7 : endocrinology vol . iii fl hock md    
formal specification of a persistent object management system j murphy   j grimson information and software technology   1993.0 
neural vision sensors for surface defect detection s malki   l spaanenburg   n ray   
women 's career development in trade unions : the need for a holistic approach mc lundy new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 
web services and context horizons c shirky   
adaptive optical systems technology pl wizinowich proc . spie   2000.0 
liminality   religion and the ( re ) construction of community . paper given to the a hayford annual conference of the association of american geographers    
â ?? grundkurs des steuerrechts   bd . 3   buchfã 1/4 hrungstechnik und bilanzsteuerrecht â ??   stuttgart 2001 r wuttke   w weidner  1784.0 
quantifying completion r lowen   b windels submitted for  
news on-demand for multimedia networks g miller   g baber   m gilliland   
a dbms for large statistical databases mj turner   r hammond   p cotton vldb   1979.0 
continuous media data manegement k kawagoe sigmod record    
a stateless approach for improving tcp performance using diffserv e altman   
zhe development of scientific thinking skills d kohn   e amsel   mo ` loughlin  1988.0 
an overview of cafe specification environment k futatsugi   a nakagawa proceedings    
the effects of knowledge embeddedness on the diffusion of case technologies within organizations rl purvis   v sambamurthy   rw zmud proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1995.0 
automatic software evaluation based on domain knowledge and formal evaluation specification bi cogan   to matveeva software quality management-international conference -   1998.0 
precedents for social responsibility among scientists : the american association of scientific e hodes  1982.0 
user to user : colorful equations in microsoft word 97 md stone pc  
sitespecific analysis of strong motion data from the september 7   1999 athens earthquake gd bouckovalas   gp kouretzis   is kalogeras special issue on the catastrophic athens ( greece ) earthquake & hellip ;    
source international conference on management of data archive u dayal proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1987.0 
cluster tools enhanced ; may soon fabricate drams   asics d holden electronic news    
is asia ready for m-commerce d wilson electronic news    
practical application of dna markers for genetic improvement g plastow   s sasaki   tp yu   n deeb   g prall   k   
an archaeology of environmental racism in los angeles l pulido   s sidawi   ro vos urban geography    
employee turnover : a meta-analysis and review with implications for research jl cotton   jm tuttle the academy of management review   1986.0 
interaction between gypsum and csh phase formed in c 3 s hydration i odler see  
personality characteristics and social and achievement behaviors associated with childrenâ ?? s social vc crandall journal of personality and social psychology   1966.0 
oracle outsourcing erp applications j dash computerworld    
mdas : heterogeneous distributed database management system bc desai   r pollock information and software technology   1992.0 
x-ray diffraction   polarizing optical microscopy and rheological studies of a lamellar gel he warriner  1997.0 
epidemiology in sweden u krause see ref    
the whole story of the two-electron bond   with the bond as a paradigm fa cotton   dg nocera acc . chem . res   2000.0 
angew . chemie 1999   111   794-815 ; d ) b. ganem td heitmann   at vasella acc . chem . res    
effects of distribution of feedback in work groups sh barr   ej conlon the academy of management journal   1994.0 
constraintâ ?? the missing variable in the coal burst problem co babcock   dl bickel proceedings of the 25 thus symposium on rock mechanics    
transport protcols : their performance and status in international standardization p von studritz computer  
query and data mapping across heterogeneous information sources kcc chang  2001.0 
automatic physical database tuning : a relaxation-based approach n bruno   s chaudhuri proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
linear concepts and hidden variables aj grove   d roth machine learning   2001.0 
expectations for japanese children l bennett social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
role of matrix vesicles in calcification r felix   h fleisch federation proceedings   1976.0 
the interpreted-compiled range of ai/db systems   a sheth acm sigmod record   1989.0 
mediation across cultures s myers   b filner san diego    
plan of the scientific operations necessary for reorganizing society a comte see rieff    
handwriting recognition using position sensitive n-gram matching a el nasan   g nagy   s veeramachaneni procs .  
evaluating the teaching portfolio : a role for colleagues ja centra new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0 
wy sy   tolic archltecturea ht kung ieee computer    
beating the clock db davis electronic business    
the long-run return to investors in share issue privatization wl megginson   rc nash   jm netter   al schwartz   
shades of green in local environmental policy-making : a regional case-study k muir   m phillips   m healey area    
a distributed cache architecture with snooping for qos routing in large networks m rezvan   k pawlikowski   h sirisena computer networks   2004.0 
the marriage of video and computer graphics . n kalowski computerworld.   1985.0 
lossless compression : how it works b simon pc magazine   1993.0 
from focused crawling to expert information : an application framework for web exploration and portal s sizov   j graupmann   m theobald proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
a hora ea vez dos data martsâ ?? a farias   
measuring software engineering maturity : a rasch calibration d drehmer   s dekleva proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1993.0 
introduction to radiative transfer : methods and applications in astrophysics   464pp a peraiah  2001.0 
a baseline mollusk survey of southwestern oregon   with emphasis on the rogue and umpqua river tj frest   ej johannes deixis consultants   seattle   washington . vii    
from transmission to multiplicity : interactive art installations as a site for research k smith proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
andh . paik . 2001 . peer-to-peertracedexecutionofcompositeservices m fauvet   md umas   bb enatallah proceedings of the vldb workshop on technologies for e -  
what can boyce-codd normal form do pa bernstein   n goodman proceedings 6th international conference on very large data  
evaluation of the progress in mental health in india since independence sr murthy   nn wig  1993.0 
adhesion-dependency of serum-induced p42/p44 map kinase activation is released by retroviral h inoue   a yamashita   a hakura virology-new york -   1996.0 
conflict resolution : four steps worth taking emg burnett social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
managing persistent objects in a multi-level store m stonebrakerâ ? ¦   
guest editor 's introduction y singer machine learning   2001.0 
trade   politics   and the environment : tailpipe vs. smokestack c mcausland   
corgi : a robot to play fetch gf wyeth & hellip ; intelligent information processing systems   special issue on & hellip ;    
web caching with consistent hashing a sherman   d karger   a berkheimer   b bogstad   r computer networks    
answering queries using views m vines vldb journal   2001.0 
international organization for standardization organisation internationale de normalisation c proposal   rt snodgrass   mh bohlen   cs jensen   a acm transactions on database systems   1994.0 
finite element analysis of synchronous belt tooth failure kw dalgarno   aj day   thc childs proceedings-institution of mechanical engineers part d & hellip ;   1993.0 
a molecular shock tube p simon   eth zã 1/4 rich   
the fifty state quarters : art and historical inquiry ta keiper   be larson social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
workflow automation : technology   applications   and research a sheth caise 95 tutorial  
java and java tools : waking up the web j lam pc magazine    
power conditioning system using sliding mode control m carpita   m marchesioni   m oberti   l puguisi proceedings pesc   1988.0 
understanding web query interfaces : best-effort parsing with hidden syntax z zhang   b he   kcc chang sigmod conference   2004.0 
a flexible infrastructure for gathering xml statistics and estimating query cardinality j freire   m ramanath   l zhang data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
a tutorial and survey s servers ieee computer    
a new look at women 's learning er hayes new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
integrating synchronous multimedia collaboration into workflow management g schneider   m weber   g partschâ ? ¦ proc of acm group    
prednisolone alone   or in combination with estrogen or dietary calcium deficiency or immobilization   v shen   r birchman   xg liang   dd wu   r lindsay bone-new york -   1997.0 
absorption dipolaire et conductivitã © de l'eau adsorbã © e sur la montmorillonite calcique r calvet proc . int . clay conf    
characterization of alpha axp performance using tp and spec z cvetanoic   d bhandarkar proc . of the 21st annual int . symp . on computer  
ecology of tropical oceans : academic press ar longhurst   d pauly inc.   san diego    
hidden messages n rubenking pc magazine . may    
standardization for displays . r bowlby   g bragg   m king j audiov media med   1978.0 
xquery on sql hosts t grust proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
tpc-d-the challenges   issues and results r bhashyam sigmod record   1996.0 
braided hamstring reconstruction of the acl utilizing interference screws w sterret   r hawkins   m begg aaos surgical demonstration video    
plasma chemistry and technology hv boenig  1982.0 
considering data skew factor in multi-way join query optimization for parallel execution ka hua   yl lo   hc young the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
approximate joins : concepts and techniques n koudas   d srivastava proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
new york : viking press   1941 a angyal especially  
automatic detection of sentence boundaries and disfluencies based on recognized words a stolcke   e shriberg   r bates   m ostendorf   d   
durkheimian sociology and cultural studies today . jc alexander see alexander    
validation of the embryonic stem cell test ( est ) in the ecvam international validation study on in e genschow   h spielmann   g scholz   i pohl   a at la    
quality of service and flow level admission control in the internet n benameur   sb fredj   s oueslati-boulahia   jw computer networks   2002.0 
pasmac - . a macro processorfor pascal al lansky technical report csl-tn-174   stanford university computer  
java web services architecture j mcgovern   s tyagi  2003.0 
answering queries using views ay levy   ao mendelzon   y sagiv   d srivastava   
the effectiveness of gloss for the text database discovery problem l gravano   h garcia-molina   a tomasic sigmod conference   1994.0 
photometric chemical analysis jh yoe vol .  
managing diversity : lessons from the private sector . mf dobbs public personnel management   1996.0 
miami redskins : deciding about a university nickname pg risser new directions for higher education   2004.0 
link processes : supporting workflow management using a hypermedia scripting language c kacmar   j carey   m alexander information & software technology    
liquid membranes : chemical applications t araki  1990.0 
moves that matter : issue selling and organizational change je dutton   sj ashford   ka lawrence   
the ibm smart surveillance system a hampapur   l brown   j connell   m lu   h merkl   s   
solution of exterior helmholtz problems with radiation boundary condition by imbedding og ernst technical report sccm { 95 { 01   stanford university   scientific  
mapping petri nets to concurrent programs in cc + y weili   h xudong information and software technology   1997.0 
a scalable algorithm for answering queries using views ay levy   
application of spreadsheet software in software engineering measurement technology p kokol information and software technology   1989.0 
challenges for global information systems ay levy   a silberschatz   d srivastava   m zemankova proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
price discovery across multiple markets s thomas   k karande  2001.0 
0 . ( 1970 ) . exit   voice   and loyalty a hirschman responses to decline  
comparing models of decision and action for guideline-based decision support : a case-study approach m peleg   s tu   j bury   p ciccarese   j fox   ra submitted for  
improving the start-up behavior of a congestion scheme for tcp j hoe proceedings of acm  
continuous system modeling fe cellier  1991.0 
multiparty computation from threshold homomorphic encryption r cramer   i damgard   jb nielsen lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
persistent rubella infection and rubella-associated arthritis jk chantler   dk ford   aj tingle lancet i   1982.0 
decidability and complexity of petri net problems-an introduction j esparza lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
three-dimensional computer vision y shirai  1987.0 
a tsql2 tutorial rt s & grassâ ? ¦ slgmod record    
reinterpreting the empathy-altruism relationship : when one into one equals oneness rb cialdini   sl brown   bp lewis   c luce   sl journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
attention   automatism   and consciousness rm shiffrin scientific approaches to consciousness    
learning self-evaluation : challenges for students j macgregor new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
introduction . fa hayek see bastiat    
referring patients from triage out of the emergency department to primary care settings : one ka kelly journal of emergency nursing   1994.0 
xml schemas in oracle xml db r murthy   s banerjee proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
innovative methods for installing fiber optic ed areas in communications   vol . sac-1   no. 3   april jb masterson proc . 29th int . wire cuble  
guest editor 's introduction sa goldman machine learning   1995.0 
å ¸ ? æ ?? å ? 3/4 ä ¹ ¦ å ?? ä 1/2 ? å ® $ è ¯ ? d shank   m roberts   t myers microsoft office    
the enigma of organizational effectiveness k cameron new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
an overview of actor languages g agha   
managing semantic heterogeneity with production rules and persistent queues s ceri   j widom   
kimura and s. nishizaki   â ?? cache miss heuristics and preloading techniques for general-purpose t ozaway proc . 28th int . symp . microarchitecture    
beam energy spread induced by beampipe steps kcd chan   r schweinfurth   
