on a stochastic optimization algorithm using ipa which updates after every customer ekp chong   pj ramadge proc . 28th allerton conf . on communication   control   and & hellip ;    
wanted : true believers f hayes computerworld    
temperatures necessary to kill fungi in wood s chidester proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the american wood - & hellip ;    
drafter : an interactive support tool for writing multilingual instructions c paris   k vander linden   
traces of the spirit : the religious dimensions of popular music r sylvan  1998.0 
national survey results on drug use from the monitoring the future study   1975-1997â ?? volume i l johnston   poâ ?? malley   j bachman md    
extracting structured data from web pages a arasu   h garcia-molina   
lowering security overhead in link state routing rc hauser   t przygienda   g tsudik computer networks   1999.0 
distributed restoration in telecommunications networks d johnsonâ ? ¦ bt technology journal   1994.0 
the stakeholder approach to evaluation : origins and promise ch weiss new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 
unpacking phonological awareness : two treatments for low-skilled kindergarten children re o'connor   jr jenkins   ta slocum unpublished manuscript    
september 11   terror war   and blowback d kellner unpublished manuscript    
irrigation management transfer in nigeria : a case ofâ ® financial sustainability for operation   ik musa international conference on irrigation management transfer    
adding medications in the emergency department : effect on knowledge of medications in older adults ks hayes journal of emergency nursing   1999.0 
the peter norton programmer 's guide to the ibm pc . p norton  1985.0 
the evolutionof lisp gl steele jr   rp gabriel history of programming languagesâ ?? ii    
stuttering measurement training jc ingham   rj ingham santa barbara   ca : university of california   santa barbara    
fuse : lightweight guaranteed distributed failure notification j dunagan   nja harvey   mb jones   d kostic   m submitted for publication   2004.0 
local correspondence for detecting random forgeries jk guo   d doermann   a rosenfeld   
domain-specific keyphrase extraction yb wu   q li   rs bot   x chen proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
covariance selection and estimation via penalized normal likelihood jz huang   n liu   m pourahmadi unpublished manuscript   2005.0 
interventions for encouraging sexual lifestyles and behaviours intended to prevent cervical cancer j shepherd   r weston   g peersman   iz napuli cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
verifiable secret sharing and multiparty protocols with honest majority t rabin   m ben-or & hellip ; of the twenty-first annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;   1989.0 
customer data faces rough road to factory c stedman computerworld    
mining fuzzy association rules in database mk chan   f ada   hw man sigmod record    
rigorous evaluation of cots middleware technology i gorton   a liu   p brebner   
creating an interactive immersive decision environment : linking modelling to visualisation i bishop proceedings of the 23rd annual international conference of & hellip ;    
sands   the feynman lectures on physics l feynman volume  
emi prediction in system level simulation rf milson   pa jamieson   kj scott 11th int zurich emc symposium   zurich   switzerland    
rare earths -- applications and technology ck gupta   ts krishnan bombay   india   25-26 sept. 1986   1986.0 
computational methods in number theory   mathematical centre tracts 154/155   mathematisch centrum   hw lenstra jr   r tijdeman   
one-ip : techniques for hosting a service on a cluster of machines op damani   pe chung   y huang   cmr kintala   ym wang www6 / computer networks   1997.0 
set-oriented mining of association rules . research report rj 9567 m houtsma   a swami  1993.0 
powder metallurgy alloys p ramakrishnan bombay   india   11 oct. 1980   1980.0 
a generalized model for a relational temporal database sk gadia   cs yeung proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1988.0 
bringing object-relational technology to mainstream v krishnamurthy   s banerjee   a nori sigmod conference   1999.0 
reading street names from maps-technical challenges g nagy   a samal   s seth   t fisher   e guthmann   k procs . gis/lis conference   cincinnati   oh    
responding to journals in a learning process tj fenwick new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
a query language for a homogeneous temporal database sk gadia   jh vaishnav proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
a unifying model of physical databases ds batory   cc gotlieb acm transactions on database systems   1982.0 
k : a high-level knowledge base programming language for advanced database applications ym shyy   
the potential for open source software in telecommunications operational support systems gl bruce   jp wittgreffe   jmm potter   p robson bt technology journal   2005.0 
mmdb reloading algorithms l gruenwald   mh eich proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . management of data    
practical theism and pantheism : two approaches to god in the thought of william james . mg bradford  1977.0 
itqs : an integrated transport query system b huang   z huang   h li   d lin   h lu   y song proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
computational studies on the cyclizations of enediynes   enyne-allenes   and related polyunsaturated pr schreiner   a navarro-vazquez   m prall acc chem res   2005.0 
investigation of the three-dimensional neutron field in the igr core ap vasilâ ?? ev   nv gorin   yz kandievâ ? ¦ at .  
programming application for microsoft windows j richer  1999.0 
ignition and extinction of homogeneousâ ?? heterogeneous combustion : ch 4 and c 3 h 8 oxidation on pt x song   wr williams   ld schmidt   r aris proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on & hellip ;    
investigation of interfacial segregation in steels using multivariate analysis of edx spectra jm titchmarsh   s dumbill   ia vatter proc 29th annual conf . mas    
the implication problem for inclusion dependencies : a graph approach r missaoui   r godin acm sigmod record   1990.0 
querying text databases for efficient information extraction e agichtein   l gravano   
billboard clouds for extreme model simplification x dã © coret   f durand   fx sillion   j dorsey acm transactions on graphics ( tog )   2003.0 
variations in the concentrations of pu-239   240 in children 's teeth removed for orthodontic purposes sc long   pi mitchell   tp ryan   nd priest proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the european & hellip ;    
urban renewal in birmingham : an interim report mb steadman   pa wood geography    
the impact of developer responsiveness on perceptions of usefulness and ease of use : an extension of d gefen   m keil acm sigmis database   1998.0 
coordination in software agent systems hs nwana   l lee   nr jennings bt technology journal   1996.0 
a. swami ( 1993 ) . '' mining associations between sets of items in massive databases r agrawal   t imielinski & hellip ; international conference on management of data   washington    
ins and outs of choosing a consultant . s rich computerworld.   1982.0 
on rotation of the plane of polarization by reflection from the pole of a magnet j kerr phil . mag    
privacy-enhancing k-anonymization of customer data s zhong   z yang   rn wright   
com programming with microsoft . net j templeman   jp mueller  2003.0 
databases in virtual organizations : a collective interview and call for researchers m winslett sigmod record   2005.0 
the importance of credit information and credit scoring for small business lending decisions a jennings proceedings from the global conference on credit scoring   2001.0 
a 28 ghz gyrotron with a permanent magnet system for industry applications h asano   k kikunaga   k hemmi   f sato   t tsukamoto proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves   & hellip ;    
high temperature corrosion gc wood   fh stott proc . int . conf . nace-6    
performance evaluation of a relational associative processor ea ozkarahan   sa schuster   kc sevcik acm transactions on database systems   1977.0 
prevalence of baseline drug resistance mutations in primary hiv infection patients from the quest v miller   l perrin   j modai san diego    
bacterial abundance   activity   and diversity at extremely cold temperatures in arctic sea ice [ ph. d k junge university of washington   seattle    
a formal approach to the defmmon and the design of conceptual schemata for database systems c zolo   ma melkanofp acm trans . database syst    
c.   chickering   d.   heckerman d.   1997 . learning mixtures of bayesian networks bm thiesson microsoft research technical report tr-97-30 . redmond    
using finite state automata for sequence mining p hingston   
civil military interaction in asia and africa . 1991 ch kennedy   dj louscher   
xml schemas without order f neven   t schwentick unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
l   torczon   colc } ring heuristics for register allocation p briggs   kd cooper   k kennedy proc . acm  
family life in the digital homeâ ?? domestic telecommunications at the end of the 20th century b anderson   a mcwilliam   h lacohee   e clucas   j bt technology journal   1999.0 
numerical modeling of the heat flux to the anode of high-current vacuum arcs e schade   d shmelev   i kleberg proc . 21st int . conf . on electrical contacts    
easier said than done : gender differences in perceived barriers to gaining a mentor br ragins   jl cotton the academy of management journal   1991.0 
web database tools sw plainâ ? ¦ pc magazine   september    
outerjoin simplification and reordering for query optimization   1993 ca galindo-legaria   a rosenthal submitted for  
xtract : learning document type descriptors from xml document collections m garofalakis   a gionis   r rastogi   s seshadri   k data mining and knowledge discovery   2003.0 
statistical modeling of large-scale simulation data t eliassi-rad   t critchlow   g abdulla proceedings of acm sigkdd 2002.0 
footprint and feature management using aspect-oriented programming techniques f hunleth   rk cytron   
the impact of interprocedural analysis and optimization on the design of a software development kd cooper   k kennedy   l torczon acm sigplan  
a real-time object model rto . k and an experimental investigation of its potentials kh kim   h kopetz   
resilient logical structures for efficient management of replicated data d agrawal   a el abbadi   
the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications   acm int e rundensteiner   h kuno   y ra   v crestana-taube   m conf . on management of data ( sigmodâ ?? 96 )    
relative loss bounds for multidimensional regression problems j kivinen   mk warmuth machine learning   2001.0 
evolution of networks and the diffusion of new technology gt mitchell   
toward the future of stakeholder approaches in evaluation ch weiss new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 
exploiting hierarchical terrestrial-satellite architectures to handle voice   symmetric data   and a iera   a molinaro   g araniti computer networks   2002.0 
cyclic difference covers kt arasu   s sehgal   
interactive result visualization and view management in multimedia databases   '' ks candan   e lemar   vs subrahmanian & hellip ; to the special issue of the vldb journal on multimedia & hellip ;    
context an associative media browser g davenport   m murtaugh proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
rapid composition of domain-specific design environments a ledeczi   a bakay   m maroti   p volgyesi   g ieee computer    
surface and coating technology k velez   jf quinson   c duret-thual   
report on a trip downtown . ko doyle new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
'' the third-geheration/oodbms manifesto   commercial version '' frank manola gte laboratories oo databases sigmod record   1991.0 
mathematical programming approaches to machine learning and data mining ps bradley  1998.0 
relative information : theories and applications g jumarie  1990.0 
histamine and gastric secretion : a later look   1955â ?? 1965 cf code fed proc   1965.0 
bisimulation-based non-deterministic admissible interference and its application to the analysis of j mullins   s lafrance information and software technology   2003.0 
phylogenetic inference using evolutionary multi-objective optimisation l poladian   ls jermiin & hellip ; and evolutionary computation conference   seattle   washington   2004.0 
high strain rate behavior in 4340 steel . private communication   the johns hopkins university   kt ramesh md    
evaluation of remote backup algorithms for transaction processing systems h garcia-molina   c polyzois acm transactions on database systems    
the struggles of minority students at predominantly white universities rw saufley   ko cowan   h black new directions for teaching and learning    
economic control of quality of manufactured product wa shewart new york    
lopsided trees : algorithms   analyses and applications   '' automata   languages and programming sn choi   m golin proceedings of the 23rd international colloquium on automata  
barbiturates for acute traumatic brain injury i roberts cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
analysis of a token ring protocol for voice transmission jw wong   pm gopal computer networks   1984.0 
an internet-based negotiation server for ee-commerce syw su   c huang   j hammer   y huang   h li   l wang   the vldb journal vol . 10   no1    
algorithms implementing distributed shared memory   university of toronto m stum   s zhou ieee computer    
the teacher as leader . e glassman new directions in teaching and  
grumbach . arule-based languagewithfunctions and sets s abiteboul ands acm trans . on database  
technology   energy and the environment gt mitchell  2000.0 
the case for a universal   valid   reliable 5-tier triage acuity scale for us emergency departments pg zimmermann journal of emergency nursing   2001.0 
rapid versus slow rate of advancement of feedings for promoting growth and preventing necrotizing ka kennedy   je tyson   s chamnanvanakij cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
the probabilistic analysis of a greedy satisfiability algorithm ac kaporis   lm kirousis   eg lalas lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
usability testing : is the whole test greater than the sum of its parts ayk wong   am donkers   rf dillon   jw tombaugh proceedings of acm  
lax type flows on grassmann manifolds ak prykarpatsky   ja zagrodzinski   d blackmore proc . 29th sympos . on math . phys.   dec    
a visual language for object-oriented databases cif doodle proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data    
improving student outcomes and institutional decision making with perc . eg palola   t lehmann new directions for higher education   1976.0 
knowledge management : know what you know k gile pc magazine    
landscape   landscape and landscape : a threefold ontology mh jacobs  2002.0 
nist/asme steam properties   49 pp.   natl. inst . for stand . and technol.   gaithersburg ah harvey   ap peskin   sa kline md    
ins/twine : a scalable peer-to-peer architecture for intentional resource discovery m balazinska   h balakrishnan   d karger lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
improving tcp performance over mobile ad-hoc networks with out-of-order detection and response f wang   y zhang   
customer relationship management on the web sl robertswitt pc magazine    
broadband virtual private network signalling f allard bt technology journal   1998.0 
verification of conceptual schemata based on hybrid object-oriented and logic paradigm . v karakostas   p loucopoulos information and software technology   1988.0 
consistency checking for qualitative spatial reasoning with cardinal directions s skiadopoulos   m koubarakis lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
end of is budgets as we know them ml sullivan-trainor computerworld    
a domain-theoretic approach to integrating logic and functional database languages a poulovassilis   c small proc 19th vldb   dublin   august    
use of policy management to achieve flexibility in the delivery of network-centric ict solutions mp dames   ma fisher   jp wittgreffe bt technology journal   2005.0 
the five-minute rule ten years later   and other computer storage rules of thumb j gray   g graefe sigmod record   1997.0 
the oesophageal detector device : an assessment of accuracy and ease of use by paramedics . p donahue journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
an algorithm for solving the job-shop problem j carlier   e pinson management science   1989.0 
unpacking the semantics of source and usage to perform semantic reconciliation in large-scale k smith   l obrst sigmod record   1999.0 
optimal control of multidestination trac networks m papageorgiou   jcm banos   a messmer proc . 29th conf . on decision and control   honolulu   hawaii    
optimal tracking with previewed commands me halpern & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1991.0 
a new normal form for the design of relational database schemata c zaniolo acm transactions on database systems   1982.0 
negatively correlated neural networks can produce best ensembles y liu   x yao & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems    
risperidone versus other atypical antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia sm gilbody   am bagnall   l duggan   a tuunainen cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
geometric inequalities jd burago   va zalgaller  1988.0 
image algebra with applications gx ritter unpublished manuscript    
an implementation of backtracking for programming languages c prenner   b wegbreit   
project da capo + + â ?? volume i : architectural and detailed design b stiller   d bauer   g caronni   c class   c conrad     
private self-consciousness   self-awareness   and the reliability of self-reports w nasby journal of personality and social psychology    
chemical characteristics of organic color in water rf cristman   m nakamura   w williams  1970.0 
sima reference architecture   part i : activity models   â ?? nistir 5939   national institute of ej barkmeyer md    
distribution and abundance of fishes and invertebrates in gulf of mexico estuaries   volume i : data dm nelson md    
internet users cruising for info.   not purchase e booker computerworld    
controls on international securities transactions j riddle  1992.0 
on the relation between visual and auditory signs r jakobson see ref    
a problem-oriented inferential database system el lozinskii acm transactions on database systems   1986.0 
should evaluation become implementation ? a browne   a wildavsky new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 
the aggregate update problem in functional programming languges p hudak   a bloss proc . 12th acm popl  
do electronic site licenses for academic journals benefit the scientific community ? ct bergstrom   tc bergstrom   
quest for machines that think c lindquist computerworld    
an architecture for a relational dataflow database machine l bit   m herendeen joint proc . sigmod symp . small syst . workshop small database & hellip ;    
intershop : a distributed architecture or electronic shopping jb baty   rm lee proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1995.0 
ras-mediated activation of rala/phospholipase d pathway is required for the growth-promoting effects z lu   a hornia   t sukezane   m zhong   t joseph   p submitted for  
library use and the development of critical thought . sh plum new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 
maha : a program for datapath sunthesis ac parker   jt pizzarro   m mlinar proc . ieee/acm  
a rigorous approach to formal methods cb jones ieee computer    
developing user interfaces for microsoft windows en mckay  1999.0 
collars and partitions of hyperbolic cone-surfaces e dryden submitted for publication   2004.0 
operational support systemsâ ?? glossary ig dufour bt technology journal   1997.0 
ict and the changing landscape of global tourism distribution h werthner electronic markets   1999.0 
h.   g.-m.   and silberschatz   a. 1992 . overview of multidatabase transaction management y breitbart vldb  
wong . m   â ?? mining fuzzy association rules in databases   â ?? c kuok   a fu sigmod record-quarterly publication of thespecial interest & hellip ;    
customer relationship management k bannon pc magazine    
private liberal arts colleges and teacher preparation . nf daly new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
statlstlcal databases charactenstlcs   problems and some solutions a shosham proc   vldb con    
modulation of hemolytic properties of resorcinolic lipids by divalent cations m stasiuk   a kozubek cellular and molecular biology letters   1996.0 
verifiable code generation from abstract i/o automata models ja tauber   
completeness of many-sorted equational logic ja goguen   j meseguer acm sigplan  
validation of two photochemical numerical systems under complex mesoscale circulations c borrego   n barros   ai miranda   ac carvalho   mj proceedings of the 23rd nato-ccms international technical & hellip ;    
tandem press pmc panczenko  2003.0 
intra-query parallelism for multidimensional array data k hahn   b reiner   
a dependability benchmark for oltp application environments m vieira   h madeira proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
spirit : a resource database for mobile users n adly   p steggles   a harter proceedings of acm chiâ ?? 97 workshop on ubiquitous computing & hellip ;   1997.0 
war and peace on the western front : a study of violent conflict and its correlates in prehistoric pm lambert  1994.0 
customer relationship management r robinson   
pollen : using people as a communication medium n glance   d snowdon   jl meunier computer networks   2001.0 
studies in bayesian confirmation theory b fitelson  2001.0 
semirings   automata   languages w kuich   a salomaa  1985.0 
reexamining the economies of scale and the viability of small colleges . n dickmeyer new directions for higher education   1982.0 
research issues in spatial databases o gihtther   a buchmstnn sigmod record    
on the path to an ideal roc curve : considering cost asymmetry in learning classifiers fr bach   d heckerman   e horvitz   
outward rotations : a tool for rounding solutions of semidefinite programming relaxations   with u zwick   
the process of academic governance and the painful choices of the 1980 s. kp mortimer   ac caruso new directions for higher education   1984.0 
surgical management of colorectal cancer i kanellos   e zacharakis   h demetriades   d betsis medimond int proc    
me ethylene in plant biology . fb abeles   pw morgan   j saltveit san diego : academic    
integrated product development mm andersen   l hein   
a decade of internet researchâ ?? advances in models and practices c di cairano-gilfedder   r clegg bt technology journal   2005.0 
solving geometric problems with the rotating calipers tt godfried proceedings ofieee melecon &#39; 83   athens   greece    
efficient   dynamically structured multiprocess communication yj joung   sa smolka proc . 28th annual allerton conference on communication   & hellip ;    
photolysis of wood microsections in the ultraviolet microscope jan scott   dai goring wood science and technology   1970.0 
threshold ring signatures and applications to ad-hoc groups e bresson   j stern   m szydlo lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
dependability of surge protective devices due to lightning flashes gl amicucci   bdâ ?? elia   g platania proc . of the 26th int . conf . on lightning protection    
attacking the asokanâ ?? ginzboorg protocol for key distribution in an ad-hoc bluetooth network using g steel   a bundy   m maidl   
querying large text databases for efficient information extraction e agichtein   l gravano   
a data distortion by probability distribution ck liew   uj choi   cj liew acm transactions on database systems   1985.0 
development of eggs and the planktonic stages of salmon lice ( lepeophtheirus salmonis ) at low k boxaspen   t naess contributions to zoology   2000.0 
bclasses : a construct and method for modelling co-operative object behaviour br marshall   jb kennedy   pj barclay information and software technology   1997.0 
the role of the consortium director tr horgan new directions for higher education   1999.0 
adept : an agent-based approach to business process management poâ ?? brien   m wiegand bt technology journal    
the history of fortran i   11   and 111 . j backus & hellip ; sigplan history of programming languages conference   sigplan & hellip ;    
sorts in unification-based grammar and what they mean cj pollard unpublished manuscript    
statistical decision theory and bayesian analysis jo berger  1985.0 
evaluation of adaptivity and user expertise in a speech-based e-mail system k jokinen   k kanto   a kerminen   j rissanen   
design and implementation of intentional names . master 's thesis e schwartz  1999.0 
the financial resilience of american colleges and universities . c frances new directions for higher education   1982.0 
carrageenan biosynthesis js craigie   kf wong proc . int . seaweed symp    
the pareto envelope-based selection algorithm for multi-objective optimisation dw corne   jd knowles   mj oates lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
processing geometric representations on simd computers ( parallel processing   mesh-connected computer y hung md    
positive affect facilitates creative problem solving am isen   ka daubman   gp nowicki journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
other countries of origin besides mexico were nicaragua ( 11 ) and chile ( 11 ) ij city   
nonlinear functional analysis and its applications i : fixed-point theorems e zeidler  1993.0 
faculty appeals and grievances committee mitchell hall wi milwaukee  2001.0 
j.-j . lâ · evy . analysis and caching of dependencies m abadi   b lampson proceedings of the 1996 acm sigplan international conference  
in global positioning system : theory and applications jj spilker jr   gpss structure   t performance volume i    
the design and implementation of k : a highlevel knowledge-base programming language of osam * ym shyy   j arroyo-figueroa   syw su   h lam kbms   &#39; &#39; very large data bases ( vldb ) journal    
on modeling of information retrieval concepts in vector spaces skm wong   w ziarko   vv raghavan   pcn wong acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 
nh mcc lamroch and m. reyhanoglu   â ?? controllability and stabilizability properties of a nonholonomic am bloch proc . 29th ieee  
building and supporting a large-scale collaborative virtual environment a steed   e frã © con submitted for  
acm oopsla workshop on domain-specific visual languages jp tolvanen   j gray   s kelly   
private communication   univ aw guy washington   seattle    
emotions and contentious politics r aminzade   d mcadam mobilization-san diego -   2002.0 
many lives to lead : the adult professional 's quest jb francis new directions for adult and continuing education    
operations data bases j bradley vldb   1978.0 
hardcore visual basic b mckinney  1997.0 
localizer : a modeling language for local search l michel   p van hentenryck lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
operationalizing the thematic strands of social studies for young learners dm krey social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
genetic algorithms and hopfield neural networks for solving combinatorial problems j balicki   a stateczny   b zak applied mathematics and computer science   1997.0 
simphonyâ ?? a voice communication tool for distributed workgroups v lakshmipathy   c schmandt bt technology journal   2004.0 
the use of financial self-assessment in the accreditation process . wt haywood new directions for higher education   1982.0 
specification and implementation of resilient   atomic data types b liskov   w weihl manuscript   mit laboratory of computer sciences    
relative information capacity of simple relational database schemata r hull proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0 
synthestzmg 3nf rela-uons from funcuonal dependem ~ es pa be bemstem acm tods   dec    
database research at the university of oklahoma lb le gruenwald   r dirckze   s guinepain   c sanchez sigmod record   1999.0 
government web pages : the lights are on but nobody is home j johnson electronic library   1996.0 
compiler . 1998 . glossary of aquatic habitat inventory terminology . american fisheries society . nb armantrout   
acm multimedia interactive art program : an introduction to the digital boundaries exhibition a jaimes   p jennings proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
context-aware communication with live contacts gh ter hofte   raa otte   hcj kruse   m snijders   
corel   focusing on graphics market   posts small profit   . 2001 tr weiss   
a taxonomy oftime in databases rt snodgrass   i ahn acm sigmod international conference on the management of  
for further information . jh schuster new directions for higher education   1974.0 
a low overhead high performance buffer replacement algorithm t johnson   d shasha proceedings of international conference on very large & hellip ;    
queries are easier than you thought ( probably ) s abiteboul   k compton   v vianu   
cyclosporine delays host immune response to antibody enzyme conjugate in adept kd bagshawe   sk sharma transplant proc   1996.0 
history of programming languages rl wexelblat  1981.0 
on the relation between truth maintenance and abduction ac kakas   p mancarella proc . pricai90    
an overview on user modeling methods e benaki   e karkaletsis   cd spyropoulos  1997.0 
e-diesel report u lã ¶ fvenberg demonstration test in denmark/akzo nobel surface chemistry  
flexible and recoverable interaction between applications and active databases en hanson   ic chen   r dastur   k engel   v ramaswamy vldb journal   1997.0 
generation of passive macro-models for simulation of distributed interconnect networks sh min   m swaminathan emc symposium   zurich   switzerland    
evaluation of remote backup algorithms for transaction-processing systems ca polyzois   h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems   1994.0 
vertical profiling : understanding the behavior of object-oriented applications m hauswirth   pf sweeney   a diwan   m hind   
globl spontaneous activity and local structured ( learned ) activity in cortex dj amit   n brunel  1995.0 
the entrepreneur : mainstream views and radical critiques rf herbert   an link aufl.   new york    
braiding terraces in the val dâ ?? herens   switzerland rj small geography    
acm oopsla workshop on domain-specific modeling jp tolvanen   j gray   m rossi   
advanced routing in changing technology landscape hks leung   
linking arc/info with snactor sc shapiro   ch chalupski   hc chou santa barbara   california. : national center for geographic  
the interpersonal costs of seeking self-esteem le park   j crocker unpublished manuscript    
the feasibility study on the virtualization of consulting company and corresponding business model l pu   w yunfeng   f yu proceedings of 2002 international conference on management & hellip ;    
fractal telecommunications networks s appleby bt technology journal   1994.0 
changing the corporate culture . jb kashner new directions for higher education   1990.0 
semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles hv jagadish   j madar   rt ng & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ;   1999.0 
an information quality management framework for cooperative information systems p missier   c batini   
towards a benchmark for the evaluation of software testing techniques j miller   m roper   m wood   a brooks information and software technology   1995.0 
the opening price performance of initial public offerings of common stock cb barry   rh jennings   
formalization of generics for the . net common language runtime d yu   a kennedy   d syme   
a real-time gc with low overhead and consistent utilization pc david   f baconâ ? ¦ proc . acm popl    
investigation on protoplast regeneration from leaves of monoembryonic and polyembryonic citrus n tusa   g ferrauto   e calderaro proc int soc citriculture    
query graphs   implementingtrees   andfreely-reorderableouterjoins a rosenthal   c galindo-legaria proc .  
theoretically sound transformations for practical database design a rosenthal   ds reiner proceedings of the sixth international conference on entity - & hellip ;   1987.0 
database and revised checklist of new york state plants . part 1 ) mitchell   rs a database of new york rs mitchell microsoft access    
application of a statistical in the data processing   2âª asamblea hispano-portuguesa de geodesia y a venedikov   j arnoso   r vieira  2000.0 
keeping your private information private b glass pc magazine    
sept. 11 attacks prompt decentralization moves j vijayan computerworld    
an extensible compressor for xml data h liefke   d suciu sigmod record   2000.0 
the order of things : activity-centred information access   m chalmers   k rodden   d brodbeck www7 / computer networks   1998.0 
man-machine communication . c meadow  1970.0 
phenomena-a visual query language for continuous fields r laurini   l paolino   m sebillo   g tortora   g procs of acmgis  
non-technical issues in network design-economic   legal   social and other considerations ph enslow jr ieee computer    
linux deepening its canadian foothold rb patrick computerworld    
formal eavesdropping and its computational interpretation   2001 m abadi   j jurjens   
xtract : a system for extracting document type descriptors from xml documents a gionis   m garofalakis   r rastogi   s seshadri   k proc . of acmsigmod 2000 international conference on & hellip ;    
surface simplification using quadric error bounds m garland   p heckbert proc . of acm siggraph    
parametrized self-organizing maps h ritter proc . icann    
virtual instrument what they are   where theyâ ? ² re at p benneff electronic products    
a study of concurrency control in real-time   active database systems a datta   sh son ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2002.0 
replica allocation for correlated data items in ad hoc sensor networks t hara   n murakami   s nishio sigmod record   2004.0 
midlevel administrators : what we know vj rosser new directions for higher education   2000.0 
a history of the snobol programming languages re griswold history of programming languages   1978.0 
an empirical evaluation of defect testing techniques m roper   m wood   j miller information and software technology    
report on the edbtâ ?? 04 workshop on database technologies for handling xml information on the web m mesiti   b catania   g guerrini   a chaudhri sigmod record   2004.0 
decoding genetics and molecular biology : sharing the movies in our heads m zolan   s strome   r innes new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
a training algorithm for optimal margin classifiers [ a ] . haussler d b boser   i guyon   v vapnik proceedings of the 5th annul acm workshop on computational & hellip ;   1992.0 
cellular localization of bovine pancreatic trypsin inhibitor and related molecular forms in bovine r businaro   e fioretti   l fumagalli   g citro   g de the histochemical journal   1988.0 
virtual reality and program comprehension : application using spreadsheet visualisation rd gregson msc thesis   department of computer science   university of durham  
on the equilibrium of vapour at a curved surface of liquid w thomson phil . mag    
a userâ ?? s hand - 108 . nibbering   nmm â ?? â ?? gas-phase ion/molecule reactions as studied by ft/icr . â ?? o nmr   m spectrometry acc . chem . res    
reconstructing proofs at the assertion level x huang lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
role of phosphorylation in the regulation of acetyl-coa carboxylase activity rw brownsey   rm denton see ref    
elastic properties of normal and hypertrophied cardiac muscle i mirsky   a pasipoularides fed proc   1980.0 
â ?? a passion for excellenceâ ?? t peter   
improving explicit congestion notification with the mark-front strategy l chunlei   r jain computer networks    
a new approach to software key escrow . tisr # 520   trusted information systems . glenwood dm balenson   cm ellison   sb lipner   st walker md    
the programming languages rec and convert hv mcintosh   g cisneros acm sigplan notices   1990.0 
data streams : fresh current or stagnant backwater ? ( panel ) jm hellerstein   
the origins of mites associated with honey bees gc eickwort see ref    
capsaicin-sensitive nerves in the control of vascular effector mechanisms p holzer see wood    
area distributions in porous substances p volume i :  
process control and scheduling issues on a network of multiprocessors a tucker   a gupta proc . 12th acm symp . operating system principles    
a. wigderson on the complexity of bilinear forms n nisan proc . 27th acm stoc  
phylip users manual v3 . 4 j felsenstein university of washington   seattle    
agent-based business process management nr jennings   p faratin   mj johnson   tj norman   me   
computational and performance issues in coliseum videoconferencing hh bakerâ ? ¦ proc . acm multimedia    
â ?? active server pages programmierung â ?? s hillier  1997.0 
dec ; 172 ( 6 ) : 1591-5 ji dis & hellip ; in measles vaccine failure : demonstration of measles antigen & hellip ;    
the crystal structure of metallic arsenic aj bradley phil . mag    
toward a general spatial data model for an object-oriented dbms   12th int f manola   ja orenstein conf . on very large data bases    
p. marron the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications e rundensteiner   h kuno   y ra   v crestana-taube   m proc . of the acm sigmod international conference on  
mis research directions : a survey of researchers ' views jtc teng   df galletta acm sigmis database   1991.0 
intracellular sodium activity in necturus kidney proximal tubule d cemerikic   g giebisch fed . proc    
ten commandments of formal methods jp bowen   mg hinchey   
representing and querying xml with incomplete information s abiteboul   l segoufin   v vianu   
tcp vegas and wan emulator j ahn   pb danzig   z liu   e yan proc . of acm sigcomm    
application of operant conditioning techniques to the control of cardiac arrhythmias bt engel   er bleecker see ref    
extinction and the fossil record of the arthropods deg briggs   ra fortey   enk clarkson see larwood    
  sk gadi p. hayes and s. jajodia ( e & ) : â ?? a consensus glossary of temporal database conceptsâ ?? cs jensen   j cliftord a chf sig3fod  
antibiotics to prevent complications following dental implant treatment m esposito   p coulthard   r oliver   p thomsen   hv cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
snowball : extracting relations from large plain-text collections e agichtein   l gravano   
deixis to properties in the nlvr system e klipple   j gurney   
what are perceptual modalities and how do they contribute to learning rf wislock new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
the customer delay in a single server queue with a batch markovian arrival process dm lucantoni   mf neuts submitted for  
stability and throughput in a layered tandem of multi-server queues rd van der mei   bmm gijsen   s mohy el dine  2005.0 
water quality management for reservoirs and tailwaters : a wots demonstration rh kennedy   rc gunkel   rf gaugush water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
security analysis of cryptographically controlled access to xml documents m abadi   b warinschi   
monitoring outcomes for cuyahoga county 's welfare leavers : how are they faring ? n verma   
the deubiquitinating enzyme fam interacts with and stabilizes beta-catenin s taya   t yamamoto   m kanai-azuma   sa wood   k genes to cells   1999.0 
geology of the northern hijaz quadrangles   kingdom of saudi arabia gf brown   ro jackson   rg bogue   wh maclean maps i    
myocardial hypertrophy in chronic renal failure : a multifactorial   reversible alteration g cannella   e paoletti contributions to nephrology   1996.0 
the mechanics of the normal and ischemic left ventricle during the cardiac cycle phm bovendeerd technical university eindhoven    
portugal : the decade of return j lewis   a williams geography    
the mathlab group mr manual laboratory for computer science   mit   cambridge   mass.   dec    
a texture-based object detection and an adaptive model-based classification t kalinke   c tzomakas   w von seelen procs . ieee intelligent vehicles  
learning patterns of landscape and life de clover   lh hill new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
modeling the impacts of reservoir emptying . energy and water : sustainable development a petitjean   jp maurel   jp bouchard   jc galland proceedings of theme d   water for a changing global & hellip ;    
chronic parenting stress : moderating versus mediating effects of social support al quittner   rl glueckauf   dn jackson journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 
11 signs of spyware nj rubenking pc magazine march    
using offline bitstream analysis for power-aware video decoding in portable devices y huang   s chakraborty   y wang proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
search space reduction in qos routing l guo   i matta computer networks   2003.0 
a method for the construction of minimum redundancy codes da huffman   
efficient view maintenance in xml data warehouses h liefke   sb davidson   
pharmacological management for agitation and aggression in people with acquired brain injury s fleminger   rj greenwood   dl oliver cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
pdas for every budget b brown   m brown pc magazine   may    
pesticidal soaps and adjuvants-what are they and how do they work gs puritch proceedings of the 23rd annual lower mainland horticultural  
compensation for the effect of the communication channel in auditory-like analysis of speech ( rasta - h hermansky   n morgan   a bayya   p kohn proc . eurospeech    
users loathe to share their know-how b cole-gomolski computerworld    
biochemical interactions of surface-bound peg copolymers np huang  2002.0 
high stakes and low stakes in assigning and responding to writing p elbow new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
the fortran language ba galler history of programming languages   1978.0 
automatic scene separation and tree structure gui for video editing h ueda   t miyatake proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
extranet : best of both â ?? nets k nash   
grizzly bear dens and denning activity in the mission and rattlesnake mountains   montana kc servheen international conference on bear research and management    
tourist guide : some issues and experiences k cheverst   n davies   k mitchell   a friday   dcae proc . of acm  
the river ( little   brown   boston   1999 ) e hooper   
enabling a scalable service-oriented architecture with semantic web services a duke   j davies   m richardson bt technology journal   2005.0 
security in electronic messaging : things you should know s associates  1990.0 
version ten   mathlab group mr manual mit laboratory for computer science ( january  
the atm forum 's private network/network interface jm scott   ig jones bt technology journal   1998.0 
relative contributions of insulin deficiency and insulin resistance in maturity-onset diabetes rc turner   j peto lancet i   1982.0 
towards model-based design support for distributed user interfaces . 2004 c vandervelpen   k coninx at nordichi    
role of maternal immunoglobulins blocking tsh-induced thyroid growth in sporadic forms of congenital rd van der gaag   jh dussault lancet i   1985.0 
chaotic evolution of some coastal plain soils jd phillips physical geography    
mining association rules between sets of items in 5 a recent industry survey found that   on average   r agrawal   t imielinski   a swami proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
financing liberal education in america : public and private responsibilities . sr baum new directions for higher education   1994.0 
approximating switched continuous systems by rectangular automata o stursberg   s kowalewski   
fascicles for semantic compression and pattern extraction j madar msc . thesis   department of computer science   university of  
from sequences to shapes and back : a case study in rna secondary structures p schuster   w fontana   pf stadler   il hofacker proceedings : biological sciences   1994.0 
transaction management issues in a failure-prone multidatabase system environment y breitbart   a silberschatz   gr thompson the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1992.0 
college faculty as educational researchers : discipline-focused studies of student motivation and sa karabenick   j collins-eaglin new directions for teaching and learning   1995.0 
probabilist visual learning for object representation b moghaddam   a pentland  1995.0 
the relative clause in biblical hebrew : a linguistic analysis rd holmstedt  2002.0 
morgan kaufmann publishers ca diego   
on semantic issues connected with incomplete information systems w lipski acm trans . database systems    
an efficient and resilient approach to filtering and disseminating streaming data sssdk ramamritham   
a bayesian decision model for cost optimal record matching vs verykios   gv moustakides   mg elfeky the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
ion mobility spectrometer to trace gas analysis ( abstract only ) t katto   h tyrvainen   k pietarinen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
report on the programming language euclid bw lampson   jj horning   rl london   jg mitchell   gj acm sigplan notices   1977.0 
the archaeology of india dp agrawal  1982.0 
guanxi and its managerial implications for western firms in china : a case study wp wu international conference on management issues for china in & hellip ;    
anaesthesia for hip fracture surgery in adults mj parker   hh handoll   r griffiths cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
on the vc dimension of bounded margin classifiers d hush   c scovel machine learning   2001.0 
learning embedded maps of markov processes y engel   s mannor   
telecommunications and higher education : in search of a public policy . mb goldstein new directions for higher education   1983.0 
on an algebra for historical relational databases : two views j clifford   au tansel   
almost every set in exponential time is p-bi-immune e mayordomo lecture notes in computer science   1992.0 
union organization and changing demographics : a study about activism fe gapasin  1994.0 
resilient peer-to-peer streaming pa chou   vn padmanabhan   hj wang technical report msr-tr-2003-11   microsoft research   redmond   wa  
bananas : an evolutionary framework for explicit and multipath routing in the internet ht kaur   s kalyanaraman   a weiss   s kanwar   a   
co. v. parker products   inc.   498 sw 2d 676 ( tex . 1973 ) ; womack v. allstate ins . co. 296 sw 2d 233 ( g ins   
applying writing guidelines to web pages j morkes   j nielsen proceedings of acm chi &#39; 98 conference on human factors in & hellip ;   1998.0 
mechanoprotection of the plasma membrane in neurons and other non-erythroid cells by the spectrin - ce morris   
query optimisation for nested relations l golby   ar algebra proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
extending a database system with procedures m stonebraker   j anton   e hanson acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 
an international comparison of derivatives use h berkman   me bradbury   s magan financial management   1997.0 
tools and transformations-rigorous and otherwise-for practical database design a rosenthal   d reiner acm transactions on database systems   1994.0 
methods to explain the clinical significance of health status measures gh guyatt   d osoba   aw wu   kw wyrwich   gr norman mayo clinic proceedings   2002.0 
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension vy lum   p dadam   r erbe   j guenauer   g walch   h   
tracking stocks ra robinson computerworld    
xtract : a system for extracting document type descriptors from xml documents m garofalakis   a gionis   r rastogi   s seshadri   k sigmod conference   2000.0 
the synthesis of heat shock and normal proteins at high temperatures in plants and their possible m altschuler   jp mascarenhas see ref    
the wellington formation in oklahoma go raasch  1946.0 
eternal values for a changing society s ranganathananda  1971.0 
trusted third parties in electronic commerce pj skevington   tp hart bt technology journal   1997.0 
supporting schema evolution jf roddick sigmod record   1992.0 
practical lessons in supporting large-scale computational science r musick   t critchlow sigmod record   1999.0 
silicon flow sensors bw van oudheusden   
director   research & venturing bt cto bt technology journal   2004.0 
analysis of infinite arrays of probe-fed rectangular microstrip patches using a rigorous feed model jt aberle   dm pozar iee proceedings   1989.0 
ocr puts pages in your pc '' a poor pc magazine    
outrunning the pack in faster product development d reinertsen electronic design    
nefclass-xâ ?? a soft computing tool to build readable fuzzy classifiers d nauck   r kruse bt technology journal   1998.0 
the political economy of american bankruptcy : the evidence from roll call voting   1800-1978 e berglof   h rosenthal unpublished  
selberg trace formula for psl ( 2   r ) : volume 2 da hejhal  1983.0 
entropic discretization of a quantum drift-diffusion model s gallego   f mehats submitted for  
introducing microsoft . net   2003 ds platt microsoft  
recovery of high current arcs at higher voltages f unger-weber thesis   technical university braunschweig    
the plant visualisation system ( avis ) hd kochs   j reichel   h husemann demonstration at the  
using technology to learn from travelmates ' adventures . j braun   c kraft social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
condylocephalic nails versus extramedullary implants for extracapsular hip fractures mj parker   hhg handoll   s bhonsle   wj gillespie cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
load mitigation in cellular data networks by peer data sharing over wlan channels k lee   y ko   t nandagopal computer networks    
outerjoin simplification and reordering for query optimization c galindo-legaria   a rosenthal acm transactions on database systems   1997.0 
changing responses to water resource problems in england and wales r cryer geography   1995.0 
algebraic change propagation for semijoin and outerjoin queries . acms anthology sigmod record   1998.0 
labor shortage is real f hayes computerworld    
a geometric model for the thermodynamics of simple materials m dolfin   m francaviglia   p rogolino   
a theory of correct protocols for database systems ds fussell   z kedem   a silberschatz proceedings seventh international conference of very large  
the collegiate ideal and the tools of external relations : the uses of high-profile intercollegiate jd toma new directions for higher education   1999.0 
ford extranet to spark loyalty m wagner computerworld    
model independentassertionsforintegrationofheterogeneousschemas s spaccapietra   c parent   y dupont vldb journal   ( 1 ) ( 1992 )  
a joint model of mode/parking type choice with supply-constrained application   transportation ma bradley   e kroes   e hinloopen proceedings of seminar d held at the ptrc european transport & hellip ;    
telepresent microassembly g reinhart   o anton   m ehrenstrasser   c patron phantom users research symposium   zurich   switzerland    
parametric databases : seamless integration of spatial   temporal   belief and ordinary data sk gadia sigmod record   1993.0 
experimentelle und numerische untersuchungen von tropfendispergiervorgã $ ngen in komplexen laminaren sfm kaufmann phd thesis   eth zurich   switzerland    
human spatial psychology : an investigation of the psychology of use   restriction   and attachment to ba thompson  1999.0 
how is abstract   generative knowledge acquired ? a comparison of three learning scenarios tj nokes   s ohlsson   
improving explicit congestion notification with the mark-front strategy c liu   r jain computer networks   2001.0 
a rapidly moving small rock glacier at the lower limit of the mountain permafrost belt in the swiss a ikeda   n matsuoka   a kã $ ã $ b 8th international permafrost conference   zurich   switzerland    
holographic interferometry at the nasa-ames hypervelocity free-flight aeredynamic facility tc tamâ ? ¦ proc . aiaa 29th aerospace sciences  
prophylactic oral antifungal agents to prevent systemic candida infection in preterm infants nc austin   b darlow cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
view management in multimedia databases ks candan   e lemar   vs subrahmanian the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
relative loss bounds for on-line density estimation with the exponential family of distributions ks azoury   mk warmuth machine learning   2001.0 
â ?? down-regulation cm stoscheck   g carpenter & hellip ; egf receptors : direct demonstration of receptor degradation & hellip ;    
reliability of quantum-mechanical communication systems wsl jane technical report 468   research laboratory of electronics    
diana program version 2.1 . userâ ?? s manual and instructions p gã 1/4 ntert eth   zurich   switzerland    
the handheld that beams b brown pc magazine    
new tasks for teachers : the changing personnel . re eckert new directions for higher education   1973.0 
a dbms prototype to support extended nf 2 relations : an integrated view of flat tables p dadamâ ? ¦ proc . of the 1986 sigmod  
astron . & astrophys mp redman   rjr williams   je dyson   tw hartquist    1997.0 
towards a richer web object model . acms anthology sigmod record   1998.0 
khim ts sokolova   li klimova   za yaroslavtseva   em volokna   no . i    
navstar - global positioning system - ten years later ( invited paper ) bw parkinson   sw gilbert ieee   proceedings   1983.0 
the function and meaning of work and the job : morse and weiss ( 1955 ) revisited rp vecchio the academy of management journal   1980.0 
c and richard   p   â ?? the o 2 database programming languagesâ ?? r lecluse proceedings 15th vldb   amsterdam   aug    
a computational model for the laminar flow boundary layer in a thermally driven vortex es wilbarger jr ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1980.0 
murine monoclonal anti-idiotypic antibodies directed against human anti-alphagal antibodies prevent e koren   fa neethling   m kujundzic   t kobayashi   s transplant proc   1996.0 
from the ` new localism ` to the ` new regionalism ' ? the implications of regional development agencies for i deas   kg ward   
a multi-version cache replacement and prefetching policy for hybrid data delivery environments a seifert   mh scholl vldb   2002.0 
how the rdb/vms data sharing system became fast dlr anderson   tk rengarajan   p spiro   
broadcast protocals to support efficient retrieval from database by mobile users d anindya   ev debra   c aslihan   k vijay acm tods    
santa barbara corpus of spoken american english jw du bois santa barbara   ca : university of california   santa barbara & hellip ;    
oestrogen and progestogen hormone replacement therapy for peri-menopausal and post-menopausal women : rj norman   ihk flight   mcp rees cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
practical clinical biochemistry volume 1 h varley   a gowenlock   m bell   
paradoxical effects of thought suppression dm wegner   dj schneider   sr carter   tl white journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
the policy of poverty and the poverty of policy : geography and the construction of national poverty a glasmeier annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;    
solubility of pt and pd sulfides and au metal in aqueous bisulfide solutions . ii p pan   sa wood results at    
geodesic flow on polyhedral surfaces k polthier   m schmies   
on the key role of parasitic capacitances in the determination of susceptibility to emi of g masetti   g setti   n speciale & hellip ; electromagnetic compatibility ( emc )   zurich   switzerland    
low friction arthroplasty of the hip j charnley  1978.0 
efficient   self-contained handling of identity in peer-to-peer systems k aberer   a datta   m hauswirth ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
expressive and efficient pattern languages for tree-structured data f neven   t schwentick   
hybrid cooperative schemes for scalable and stable performance of web content delivery r lancellotti   f mazzoni   m colajanni computer networks   2005.0 
notes on algebraic specifications im bradley information and software technology   1989.0 
short communication jp bouchaud   m mã © zard j. phys . i france   1994.0 
midazolam : a review of therapeutic uses and toxicity sp nordt   rf clark journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
verification results from 1982-1984 operational radar reflectivity experiment we mcgovern   re saffle   kc crawford conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
scheme for visual feature-based image indexing hj zhang   d zhong proc . spie   1995.0 
well-posed linear systems-a survey with emphasis on conservative systems g weiss   oj staffans   m tucsnak   
reliable transaction management in a multidatabase system y breitbart   a silberschatz   gr thompson proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1990.0 
improving oltp data quality using data warehouse mechanisms m jarke   c quix   g blees   d lehmann   g michalk sigmod conference   1999.0 
the mental representation of stereotypes and its implications for stereotype development and jw sherman  1994.0 
new rc-active networks using current conveyors k vrba   j cajka   j zeman radioengineering-prague -   1997.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ the climate footprint : will we see it before it is upon us d kelly   c kolstad  1996.0 
towards the assessment of costs and benefits of ergonomic modifications to jobs : a case study   the r norman   r wells   a moore   j potvin proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the human & hellip ;    
if we want things to stay as they are   things will have to change jb lapidus new directions for higher education   1998.0 
semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles rt ng   hv jagadish   j madar proc int conf on very large databases    
continuity and change in the restless urban landscape ek wyly economic geography   1999.0 
measuring herding and exaggeration by equity analysts and other opinion sellers e zitzewitz unpublished manuscript   2001.0 
pedestrian detection in infrared images m bertozzi   a broggi   m meinecke   
coloured petri nets : basic concepts   analysis methods and practical use k jensen  1997.0 
database research at the data-intensive systems center d maier   l delcambre   c pu   j walpole   g graefe   sigmod record   1993.0 
raised temperature reduces the incidence of diabetes in the nod mouse ajk williams   j krug   ef lampeter   k mansfield   pe diabetologia   1990.0 
microbial and enzymatic degradation of wood and wood components ke eriksson   ra blanchette   p ander  1990.0 
the cohesive force between solid surfaces and the surface energy of solids rs bradley phil . mag    
the paternal methylation imprint of the mouse h19 locus is acquired in the gonocyte stage during t ueda   k abe   a miura   m yuzuriha   m zubair   m genes to cells   2000.0 
a sophisticated tracking algorithm for air traffic control surveillance radar data hap blom proc . int . conf . on  
inversion layer mobility : characterization   modeling and simulation jt watt src technical review   design sciences   stanford university   & hellip ;    
improving object-oriented user interfaces with constraints rk ege information and software technology   1991.0 
leadership in the shaping and implementation of collaboration agendas : how things happen in a ( not c huxham   s vangen academy of management journal   2000.0 
acyclovir for treating varicella in otherwise healthy children and adolescents tp klassen   em belseck   n wiebe   l hartling cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
strategic changes and frameworks affecting future oss/bss in the telecommunications industry jmm potter   ar brady bt technology journal   2005.0 
daffe/clp/wp3 / wd ( 2001 ) 11 r by switzerland   
one emergency department 's guidelines for the care of suicidal patients v bradley   c shawler journal of emergency nursing   1993.0 
the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications ea rundensteiner   ha kuno   yg ra   v crestana-taube sigmod conference   1996.0 
s.   and wigderson   a. how to play any mental game | a completeness theorem for protocols with honest om goldreich proc . acm  
gender and organizational performance : determinants of small business survival and success al kalleberg   kt leicht the academy of management journal   1991.0 
automata theory for xml researchers f neven sigmod record   2002.0 
an optimisation scheme for coalesce/valid time selection operator sequences c vassilakis sigmod record   2000.0 
trusted components for the software industry b meyer   c mingins   h schmidt ieee computer    
ein morphologisches multiskalenverfahren zur segmentierung medizinischer bilder c thies   v metzler   t lehmann   t aach procs bvm    
public and private management of wastewater treatment : a comparative study lj o'toole jr new directions for program evaluation   1991.0 
international student affairs m wood   p kia new directions for higher education   2000.0 
diuretic therapy for newborn infants with posthemorrhagic ventricular dilatation a whitelaw   cr kennedy   lp brion cochrane database syst .  
wong 1978 : r. epstein   m. stonebraker   and e. wong   distributed query processing in a relational s epstein proc . acm sigmod  
the convergence rate of inexact preconditioned steepest descent algorithm for solving linear systems h munthe-kaas   
non-zero-sum gaze and persuasion jn bailenson   ac beall   j blascovich   j loomis   m & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa barbara   ca   2003.0 
specialist epilepsy nurses for treating epilepsy p bradley   b lindsay cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
an introductory cours e in computer graphics   chartwell-bratt   kent   1986   144 pages r kingslake   
optical fiber telecommunications iv b h kogelnik   rm jopson   le nelson san diego   ca    
operations for the ip environmentâ ?? when the internet became a serious business j ozdural bt technology journal   2000.0 
rsna : integrating the healthcare enterprise ; cross-enterprise clinical documents sharing ( xds ) : http h acc referenced at    
flexible notification for collaborative systems h shen   c sun   
algebraic change propagation for semijoin and outerjoin queries t griffin   b kumar sigmod record   1998.0 
rt snodgrass a glossary of temporal database concepts cs jensen   j cliord   sk gadia   a segev acm sigmod record    
an extensible compressor for xml data . acms anthology sigmod record   2000.0 
killing the spirit : higher education in america p smith  1990.0 
molecular forms of acetylcholinesterase in alzheimerâ ?? s disease sg younkin   b goodridge   j katz   g lockett   d fed . proc   1986.0 
model-based semantic compression for network-data tables s babu   m garofalakis   r rastogi   a silberschatz   
an alternative approach : the unfolding model of voluntary employee turnover tw lee   tr mitchell the academy of management review   1994.0 
systems management of operational support systems applications sm bouch   ic hayes   tj oldham bt technology journal   1997.0 
on the question of the stability of the flow of fluids l rayleigh phil . mag    
a comparison of the security of windows nt and unix h hedbom   s lindskog   s axelsson   e jonsson   
university of california   santa barbara ph. d. 1985   267 pages . on the structure of rule-based lj gorenflo   
generation   classification and analysis of switched-mode dc-to-dc converters by the use of converter r tymerski   v vorperian proc . int . telecommunications energy conf . ( intelec )    
a class of rapidly converging algorithms for learning automata   '' ieee int mal thathachar   ps sastry conf . on cybernetics & society   bombay   india    
advanced microprocessor bus architecture ( amba ) bus system r weiss electronic design    
high resolution tandem ftms above 10kda fw mclafferty acc . chem . res    
things that see jl crowley   j coutaz   f berard communications-acm   2000.0 
323 us at 216 . decades later   convictions for resisting internment were set aside after it was shown s korematsu   
distribution of wolbachia among neotropical arthropods jh werren   d windsor   l guo proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
biology is to medicine as psychology is to education : true or false ? ns newcombe new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
a decade of hardware/software codesign w wolf   
an n log n algorithm for the two-variable-per-constraint linear program satisfiability problem cg nelson technical report technical note sta   stanford university    
height-balanced trees of order ( p   7   6 ) shs huang acm transactions on database systems   1985.0 
voter confusion and voter rationality : the use of counter propositions in direct legislation sa banducci  1995.0 
an overview of tquel g ariav acm transactions on database systems    
truth revelation in approximately efficient combinatorial auctions d lehmann   y shoham journal-acm   2002.0 
practical lessons in supporting large-scale computational science . acms anthology sigmod record   1999.0 
dose-related suppression of rem sleep and pgo waves by the serotonin-1 agonist eltoprazine jj quattrochi   an mamelak   d binder   j williams neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
exlremat properlies of likelihood . ratio quantizers i tsiisiklis proc . 29th ieee coof decision contr     honolulu   hi   dec    
huby   r.   and newns   hc   1952 ab bhatia   k huang phil .  
parallelizing oodbms traversals : a performance evaluation dj de witt   jf naughton   jc shafer   s venkataraman the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
seeking out children in need . s cusack computerworld.   1990.0 
26th congress ampere on magnetic resonance   1992 d barb   s constantinescu   d tarina   is lyubutin   athens    
norfluoxetine enantiomers as inhibitors and serotonin uptake in rat brain dt wong   fp bymaster   lr reid   da mayle neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
midwife to a learning community : spirit as co-inquirer ww roberson new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
erq : controlled inference and instruction techniques for dbms query languages j longstaff proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
solving non-boolean satisfiability problems with stochastic local search : a comparison of encodings . am frisch   tj peugniez unpublished manuscript   available from http://www . cs . york .  
a distributed computing approach to mission operations support ( for spacecraft ) rl larsen & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1975.0 
ceo ownership   leasing   and debt financing h mehran   ra taggart   d yermack   
msocks + : an architecture for transport layer mobility p bhagwat   da maltz   a segall computer networks   2002.0 
an experimental investigation of the velocity field due to a line heat source hj nawoj ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1975.0 
bayesian detection of wi-fi transmitter rf fingerprints n serinken   o ureten electronic letters    
full text pdf format pdf ( 54 kb ) source history of programming languages archive rl wexelblat history of programming languages   1978.0 
bringing pictorial space to life : computer techniques for the analysis of paintings a criminisi   m kemp   a zisserman   
state-level evaluation uses of cost analysis : a national descriptive survey nl smith   jk smith new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
computer-generated floral ornament d salesin   m wong   d zongker proceedings of the 25 thannual conference on computer  
brain tumors : their biology and pathology kj zã 1/4 lch  1957.0 
n-2-butylcyanoacrylate : risk of bacterial contamination with an appraisal of its antimicrobial jv quinn   mh osmond   ja yurack   pj moir journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
support for temporal data by complex objects w kaefer   n ritter   h schoening vldb   1990.0 
user evaluation of the mask kiosk l lamel   s bennacef   jl gauvain   
adaâ ?? the project wa whitaker history of programming languages    
histological typing of salivary gland tumours g seifert   lh sobin  1996.0 
properties of ridge waveguide sb cohn proc . ire    
trl   a formal language for temporal references . t panayiotopoulos   cd spyropoulos   ev ioannidis  1993.0 
protdb : probabilistic data in xml . a nierman   hv jagadish vldb   2002.0 
supporting global user profiles through trusted authorities i cingil sigmod record   2002.0 
liquid viscosities of multi-component mixtures m dizechi ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1980.0 
internet trac warehouse cm chen   m cochinwala   c petrone   m pucci   s proc . sigmod    
towards a web object model f manola   
hierarchical schemata for relational databases ye lien acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1981.0 
computational topology of equivariant maps from spheres to complement of arrangements   arxi v : math p blagojevic   s vrecica   r zivaljevic   
generation of relevant didactic explanations by the computer running a simulation for itself jl dessalles   
data mining with neural networks : solving business problems from application development to decision jp bigus  1996.0 
an optimizing prolog front-end to a relational query system m jarke   j clifford   
tibiofibular syndesmosis and ossification . case report : sequelae of ankle sprain in an adolescent ma kennedy   ae sama   m sigman journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
designing robust sample interfacing equipment for infrared process analysis wm doyle   na jennings at process   1997.0 
a logic of object-oriented programs m abadi   krm leino lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
what should a wildebeest say ? interactive nature films for high school classrooms bk smith   bj reiser   
road warriors : 11 laptops battle it out pc magazine pc magazine    
uses of the fries rearrangement for the preparation of hydroxyarylketones r martin org . prep . proc . int    
pharmacokinetics of tacrolimus : clinically relevant aspects na undre   p stevenson   a schafer transplantation proceedings   1999.0 
routing in telecommunications networks with ant-like agents e bonabeau   f henaux   s guerin   d snyers   p kuntz   lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
the rise and fall of world cities in the changing space-economy of globalization : comment on peter j m douglass political geography   2000.0 
extracting semi-structured information from the web   h garcia-molina   j choâ ? ¦  1997.0 
what are they thinking n king pc magazine    
vinci : a service-oriented architecture for rapid development of web applications r agrawal   d gruhl   s papadimitriou computer networks   2002.0 
sub-and superadditive properties of fejã © râ ?? s sine polynomial h alzer   s koumandos   
altruistic locking [ j ] s kenneth acm transactions on database systems    
evaluation of urinary nmp22 ( nuclear matrix protein 22 ) as a diagnostic marker for urothelial cancer h akaza   n miyanaga   t tsukamoto   s ishikawa   r gan to kagaku ryoho   1997.0 
mathematical modeling of dense avalanches m eglit proceedings of the anniversary conference for the 25 years & hellip ;    
private communication   aberdeen p plostins md    
relevance and perceptual constraints in multimodal referring actions a de angeli   f wolff   p lopez   l romary & hellip ; of the workshop on deixis   demonstration and deictic belief  
recombinant human insulin-like growth factor i ( rhigf-i ) for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor jd mitchell   jh wokke   gd borasio cochrane database syst . rev   2002.0 
sit-in : a real-life spatio-temporal information system g sindoni   p ticca   l tininini   a ambrosetti   c proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0 
an optimisation scheme for coalesce/valid time selection operator sequences . acms anthology sigmod record   2000.0 
yield and gel strength of agar from cystocarpic and tetrasporic plants of gracilaria verrucosa ( dh kim   np henriquez proc . int . seaweed symp    
uniform object generation for optimizing one-class classifiers dmj tax   rpw duin journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
leadership connections : communication   diversity and creativity sc kitsopoulos   
solving implication problems in database applications xh sun   n kamel   lm ni proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1989.0 
the integration of an integrated concurrency control and recovery scheme a chan   s fox   w lin   a nori   d ries proc . acm-sigmod   international conference on management of & hellip ;    
ancient images   ancient thought : the archaeology of ideology as goldsmith   s garvie   d selin   j smith proceedings of the 23rd annual chacmool conference . & hellip ;    
management of a remote backup copy for disaster recovery rp king   n halim   h garcia-molina   ca polyzois acm transactions on database systems   1991.0 
measuring and illustrating statistical evidence in a cost-effectiveness analysis js hoch   jd blume   
endothelial-derived relaxing factors : focus on nitric oxide sm gardiner   t bennett see ref    
8â cents mitchell   te ( 1973 ) l hwang   ah heuer phil . mag    
mobility support in ip cellular networksâ ?? a multicastâ ?? based approach a festag   
emissions of volatile organic compounds ( voc ) from wood f englund report i    
the dedale system for complex spatial queries s grumbach   p rigaux   
anii kosbik   ds 1993 ba myers   rg mcdaniel & hellip ; complete user interfaces by demonstration . [ n proceedings of  
relative efficiency analysis rd banker   jl gifford unpublished manuscript    
ruminative coping with depressed mood following loss s nolen-hoeksema   le parker   j larson journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
flexible relations-operational support of variant relational structures c kalus   p dadam proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
convergence of a finite volume scheme for a diffusion-convection problem y coudiere   jp vila   p villedieu   
sound and visual tracking for humanoid hg okuno   k nakadai   t lourens   h kitano proc . int . conf . information society in the 21st  
deriving traffic demands for operational ip networks : methododoly and experience a feldman   a greenberg   c lund   n reingold   j proceedings of acm sigcom    
fossil fuels : the decade of surplus   syd and arthur d spooner geography    
andg . r. thompson . reliable transactionmanagement in a multidatabase system y breitbart   a silberschatz proceedings of acm-sigmod 1990 international conference on & hellip ;    
permanent magnet systems for magnetic resonance image h zijlstra proc . 9th mt. conf magnet . techn.   zurich   switzerland    
surgical neuroangiography : volume 2 : endovascular treatment of craniofacial lesions p lasjaunias   a berenstein  1996.0 
telecommunications network total cost of ownership and return on investment modelling am elvidge   j martucci bt technology journal   2003.0 
one-bath trichrome staining : investigation of a general mechanism based on a structure-staining rw horobin   l flemming the histochemical journal   1988.0 
an equivalent small parameter method for strongly nonlinear systems ss qiu   im filanovsky   ka stromsmoe proc . 28th midwest symp . on circuits and  
leckie   j. o   hydraql : a program for the computation of the chemical equilibrium composition of c papelis   kf hayes technical report no. 306   stanford university   stanford   ca    
perspective on eulerian finite volume methods for incompressible interfacial flows db kothe courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ;   1998.0 
evaluation of ldcâ ?? s bilingual dictionaries s huang unpublished manuscript    
bayesian theory jm bernardo   afm smith   
metadata modeling in a global computing environment d pfoser   e pitoura   n tryfona   
schooling and work among youth from low-income households s barclayâ ? ¦  1979.0 
user learning and performance with marking menus   w buxton   
a reconfiguration algorithm for distributed problem solving b dunin-keplicz   r verbrugge   
second report on the biology and status of the arroyo toad ( bufo microscaphus californicus ) on the ss sweet  1993.0 
decentralized variable structure tracking for systems with time-domain dominance a balluchi   a bicchi   
inference in smoothing spline anova w guo submitted for publication    
bonding and routing practice with respect on lightning protection and emc e montandon proc . 21st int . conf . lightning  
entrepreneurial activity in nonprofit institutions : a portrait of continuing education b pusser   bm gansneder   n gallaway   ns pope new directions for higher education   2005.0 
teaching thinking through problem solving e greenfield new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0 
identification of an extended half-site motif required for the function of peroxisome proliferator - s osada   t tsukamoto   m takiguchi   m mori   t osumi genes to cells   1997.0 
a tour of unifypow : a sas macro for sample-size analysis rg oâ ?? brien proceedings of the 23rd sas users group international  
social context research project : methods for facilitating the inclusion of students with cg breen   ch kennedy   tg haring  1991.0 
state of the art in privacy preserving data mining v verykios   e bertino sigmod record   2004.0 
coyote stories of the navaho people . ra roessel   d plateroâ ? ¦  1968.0 
but is it rigorous ? trustworthiness and authenticity in naturalistic evaluation ys lincoln   eg guba new directions for program evaluation   1986.0 
abstracting cryptographic protocols with tree automata d monniaux lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
immunocytochemical investigation of hepatitis b virus-associated antigens in cases of liver m iwai   m kashiwadani   t okuno   t takino   y ibata the histochemical journal   1988.0 
variants of the bile ducts : clinical application in the potential donor of living-related hepatic tl huang   yf cheng   cl chen   ty chen   ty lee transplantation proceedings   1996.0 
the forecasting performance of the riksbank bayesian var models mk andersson  2004.0 
model independent assertions for integration of heterogeneous schemas s spaccapietra   c parent   y dupont the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1992.0 
event tracking j allan   v lavrenko   r papka ciir technical report ir-128   university of massachusetts  
steering controllable systems   '' rm murray   ss sastry proc . 29th ieee cdc   honolulu   hawaii   dec    
adult learners and internet-based distance education dv eastmond new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 
research issues in automatic database clustering s guinepain acm sigmod record   2005.0 
physical and computational aspects of convective heat transfer t cebeci   p bradshaw  1984.0 
modern database systems w kimâ ? ¦  1995.0 
eight general ledgers for small business s yoder   s knight pc magazine    
specific immunotherapy in asthma j bousquet   fb michel allergy proceedings   1994.0 
suppressing marginal cells to protect sensitive information in a two-dimensional statistical table ( fm malvestuto   m moscarini   m rafanelli proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1991.0 
research issues in databases for arcs : active rapidly changing data systems a datta sigmod record   1994.0 
simon & schuster j marx   
tsql2 language specification a segev   md soo   sm sripada acm sigmod  
glossary b myers   d maulsby watch what i do : programming by demonstration    
building dynamic application networks with web services m mihic proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
a simplex based algorithm to solve separated continuous linear programs g weiss unpublished manuscript   2002.0 
incomplete information in relational temporal databases sk gadia   ss nair   yc poon proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1992.0 
ischeduleâ ?? an optimisation tool-kit based on heuristic search to solve bt scheduling problems r dorne   c voudouris   a liret   c ladde   d lesaint bt technology journal   2003.0 
the new landscape c correa  1985.0 
science ( washington dc )   2000   287   1636 ; ra sheldon   iwce arends   g.-j . ten brink and a. dijksman gj ten brink acc . chem . res    
1996 chimp : a framework for supporting multimedia document authoring and presentation ks candan   b prabhakaran   vs subrahmanian proc . 1996 acm multimedia    
an experimental comparison of locking policies in a testbed database system wh kohler   kc wilner   ja stankovic proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1983.0 
ca-dbfast 2.0 turns database projects into windows apps sw plain pc magazine   1993.0 
the use of domain names in e-branding by the world 's top brands j murphy   l raffa   r mizerski electronic markets   2003.0 
towards v-promala   a visual   object-oriented interface for xspin gj holzmann   s leue unpublished manuscript    
semantics for null extended nested relations m levene   g loizou acm transactions on database systems   1993.0 
implementing an interactive visualization system on a simd architecture rf erbacher   
endocrine profiles and breast cancer ae arguelles   o blanchard lancet i   1973.0 
finding bugs in an alpha microprocessor using satisfiability solvers p bjesse   t leonard   a mokkedem lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
heretaunga plains groundwater study   volume 1 : findings   ay regional council pn dravid   lj brown  1997.0 
ly248686   a new inhibitor of serotonin and norepinephrine uptake dt wong   fp bymaster   da mayle   lr reidâ ? ¦ neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
anticonvulsants for preventing mortality and morbidity in full term newborns with perinatal asphyxia dj evans   mi levene cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
the consensus glossary of temporal database conceptsâ ?? february 1998 version   volume 1399 of lecture cs jensen   ce dyreson   m boehlen   j clifford  1998.0 
an electron-microscope investigation of a moonstone sg fleet   ph ribbe phil . mag    
rf-field interactions with biological systems - electrical properties and biophysical mechanisms hp schwan   kr foster ieee   proceedings   1980.0 
autocorrelation properties of resilient functions and three-valued almost-optimal functions s choi   k yang   
a consensus glossary of temporal database concepts cs jensenâ ? ¦ sigmod record   1994.0 
experimental investigation of the herschel-quincke tube concept on the honeywell tfe731-60 jp smith   ra burdisso   v blacksburg   
money and search with enduring relationships d corbae   j ritter unpublished manuscript    
merozoite vaccination of douroucouli monkeys against falciparum malaria gh mitchell   whg richards   ga butcher   s cohen lancet i   1977.0 
an interpolated volume data model t wang   s santini   a gupta proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
an efficient compressor for xml data h liefke   ds xmill proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod conference on management & hellip ;    
endotoxemia after small bowel transplantation . bj browne   cp johnson   am roza   mb adams transplantation proceedings   1992.0 
learning to find answers to questions on the web e agichtein   s lawrence   l gravano acm transactions on internet technology   2004.0 
a framework for semantic gossiping k aberer   m hauswirth sigmod record   2002.0 
practical uses of end-tidal carbon dioxide monitoring in the emergency department lj santos   j varon   l pic-aluas   ah combs journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
chromosomal aberrations as a cause of male sub-fertility r lange   w engel fertilit at    
a 23-year-old with refractory seizures following an isoniazid overdose ra steinmann   mk rickel journal of emergency nursing   2002.0 
the nation 's report card ar weiss   ad lutkus   bs hildebrandt   ms johnson geography    
the roots of federal student aid policy js hansen new directions for higher education   1991.0 
motion planning and related geometric algorithms in robotics jt schwartz   m sharir proc . int . congress of mathematicians    
effects of nitrogen and phosphorus enrichement on in vivo symbiotic zooxanthellae of pocillopora a snidvongs   ra kinzie marine biology   1994.0 
the changing map of american poverty in an era of economic restructuring and political realignment . je kodras economic geography   1997.0 
india wins freedom : an autobiographical narrative a azad  1959.0 
myths and reality in post-communist transformations   referat na kongres american economic gw koå?odko san diego    
ethical issues in innovative surgery : should we attempt a cadaveric hand transplantation in a human m siegler transplantation proceedings   1998.0 
application architecture ( panel session ) : 2tier or 3tier ? what is dbms 's role ? ak nori proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2000.0 
vector reduction and prex computation on coarse-grained s bae   d kim   s ranka & hellip ; - memory parallel machines ''   procs of the international  
glossary of aquatic habitat inventory terminology . american fisheries society : bethesda nb armantrout md    
direct medullary arterioles and arteriovenous anastomoses in the arcuate sponges of the kidney hj barrie   sj klebanoff   gw cates lancet   i   1950.0 
start small think infinite a laplante computerworld    
the first acm sigplan conference on history of programming languages rl wexelblat history of programming languages   1978.0 
random-effects analysis . human brain function w penny   ap holmes  2004.0 
a formal specification of java [ tm ] virtual machine instructions for objects   methods and z qian lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
user interfaces ; who cares ? s spaccapietra proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
communication mhj nelissen see ref    
successful clinical small bowel transplantation e deltz   p schroeder   m gundlachâ ? ¦  1990.0 
3d visualisation of a resistivity data setâ ?? an example from a sludge disposal site : symp c bernstone   t dahlin   p jonsson appl . geophys . eng . environ . probl.   procs    
your own private internet mj miller pc magazine    
a thematic teaching unit on flight k freeland   k smith social studies and young learner   1993.0 
towards an interactive high visual complexity animation system c csuri   r hackathorn   r parent   w carlson   m acm siggraph computer graphics   1979.0 
brain blood flow and neurofeedback h toomis unpublished manuscript    
in vivo absorption properties of algal pigments rr bidigare   me ondrusek   jh morrow   da kiefer proc .  
surface crystallography by leed ma van hove   sy tong  1979.0 
0.15 ml buried channel pfet device design r rengarajan   m weybright   j faltermeier   s butt   proc . 29th eur . solid-state device res . conf    
common names of insects and related organisms . entomol . soc . of america   college park jj bosik md    
software for semidefinite programmingâ ?? userâ ?? s guide l vanderberghe   s boyd technical report   stanford university   princeton   nj   1994 . viã ¯  
landscape-scale geomorphic influences on vegetation patterns in four environments kc parker   j bendix physical geography   1996.0 
estimating flow distribution from sampled flow statistic n duffeld   c lund   m thorup proc . acm sigcomm aug    
measuring multiethnic spatial segregation dws wong urban geography   1998.0 
peoplesoft acts on dip in user satisfaction c stedman computerworld    
primary care physician and patient factors that result in patients seeking emergency care in a d boushy   i dubinsky journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
stream query processing for healthcare bio-sensor applications cm chen   h agrawal   m cochinwala   d rosenbluth data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
extended ephemeral logging : log storage management for applications with long-lived transactions js keen   wj dally acm transactions on database systems   1997.0 
a novel method for video tracking performance evaluation j black   t ellis   p rosin   
diffraction gratings with controlled groove form and abnormal distribution of intensity rw wood phil . mag    
wavelength converter sharing in a wdm optical packet switch : dimensioning and performance issues v eramo   m listanti computer networks   2000.0 
protection in programming-language translations m abadi lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
an analyzable annotation language s khurshid   d marinov   d jackson   
et alii ( 1999 ) . â ?? ipchinook : an integrated ip-based design framework for distributed embedded p chou proceedings   acm press    
users remaining loyal despite frame-relay hype kx girard computerworld    
variation in extinction risk among birds : chance or evolutionary predisposition ? pm bennett   ipf owens proceedings : biological sciences   1997.0 
dtl 's dataspot : database exploration using plain language s dar   g entin   s geva   e palmon vldb   1998.0 
enlists participants external to the development organization to use and test the product . 4.2 b testing release demonstration versionâ ?? enables pre-release product  
what is more important to effective governance : relationships   trust   and leadership   or structures a kezar new directions for higher education   2004.0 
financial management and strategic planning . n dickmeyer new directions for higher education   1982.0 
time and databases g ariav   j clifford   m jarke sigmod conference    
stewardship of resources for private higher education . dr moore new directions for higher education   1986.0 
the cydra 5 departmental supercomputer br rau   dwl yen   w yen   ra towle ieee computer    
telcordia 's database reconciliation and data quality analysis tool f caruso   m cochinwala   u ganapathy   g lalk   p proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
information sharing across private databases r agrawal   av evfimievski   r srikant   
powers of ten thousand : a translucent zooming technique h leiberman demonstration at uist    
heparin for pregnant women with acquired or inherited thrombophilias mc walker   se ferguson   vm allen cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
wireless inertial tracking system h kruger   p henne   p fischer   e kraft demonstration at  
the kinetics of physical dependence to morphine in the rat l grumbach   m shelofsky   je boston jr pharmacology i   1974.0 
rapid signalling by variance in ensembles of neocortical neurons g silberberg   m bethge   h markram   m tsodyks   k  2002.0 
extracting entity profiles from semistructured information spaces ra nado   sb huffman sigmod record   1997.0 
r. erbe   j. guenauer   v. lum   p. pistor   and g. walch . a dbms prototype to support extended nf 2 p dadam   k kuespert   f anderson   h blanken proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
supersonic flow and shock waves r courant   ko friedrichs   
simulation from the multivariate normal and student-t distributions subject to linear constraints j geweke proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface    
of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil mj carey   dj dewitt vldb   1996.0 
saints   biographers and creole identity formation in colonial spanish america rj morgan  1998.0 
damping in tall buildings : its variability and treatment ag davenport   pj hill-carroll proc.   asce convention   seattle   washington    
architecture layers and engineering approach for agent-based system sk lee   cs hwang information and software technology    
text-based content search and retrieval in ad-hoc p2p communities fm cuenca-acuna   td nguyen lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
interventions for basal cell carcinoma of the skin f bath   j bong   w perkins   h williams cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
a generahsed model for a temporal relational database s gadia   c yeung proc.   acm sigmod conj    
the forests of india ep stebbing volume i    
survival   reproduction   and recruitment of woody plants after 14 years on a reforested landfill gr robinson   sn handel   vr schmalhofer environmental management    
ircs : infrared camera and spectrograph for the subaru telescope n kobayashi   at tokunaga   h terada   m goto   m proc . spie   2000.0 
â ?? the myth of e-books . c wood pc  
the mglur2/3 agonist   ly379268   attenuates reinstatement of heroin and sucrose seeking induced by re jm bossert   sy liu   y shaham  2004.0 
supersymmetry and supergravity   '' 260 pages 2nd rev. a edition ( march 3   1992 ) princeton univ pr j bagger   j wess   
ethylene in plant biology . 2 nded.â ?? academic press fb abeles   pw morgan   me saltveit jr san diego    
language design as design fp brooks jr history of programming languages ii . new york and reading   & hellip ;    
a proposal for a postgraduate curriculum in information security   dependability and safety sk katsikas   da gritzalis athens   greece : new technology publications   september    
new techniques and tools ease design of custom vlsi dg fairbairn   al haines electronic  
skills they 'd kill for a radding computerworld    
qxtract : a building block for efficient information extraction from text databases e agichtein   l gravano proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2003.0 
markets inside telecommunications i adjali bt technology journal   1994.0 
oql-an object-oriented query language am alashqur   syw su   h lam proc . of the intâ ?? l conf . on vldb    
modelling temporal thematic map contents e pourabbas sigmod record   2003.0 
forskolin : its chemical   biological and medical potential rh rupp   nj de soaza   an dohadwalla international symposium on forskolin . bombay   india   january    
no girl is an island : girls in science and technology often feel alone m honey   d bennett electronic learning    
the vicissitudes of mood measurement : effects of varying descriptors   time frames   and response d watson journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
anã ¡ lisis de observaciones clinomã © tricas de largo periodo en la isla lanzarote   2âª asamblea j arnoso   r vieira   ej vã © lez   ts cain weixin  2000.0 
clinical predictors of computed tomographic abnormalities following pediatric traumatic brain injury m ramundo   t mcknight   j kempf journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
recent results of dust explosion studies at the lake lynn experimental mine es weiss   nb greninger   mj sapko proceedings of the 23rd international conference of safety & hellip ;    
embedding knowledge in web documents m philippe   e peter computer networks    
selenium supplementation to prevent short-term morbidity in preterm neonates ba darlow   nc austin cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
assessment of seismic and infrasound signals in korea with ground truth b stump   ms jun   c hayward   js jeon   iy che   sm   
the query optimizer in tandem 's new serverware sql product p celis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
jasonmadar   and raymond ng . semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles hv jagadish & hellip ; of the25th international conference onverylarge  
querying aggregate data s grumbach   m rafanelli   l tininini proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst   1999.0 
a classification of update methods for replicated databases for replicated databases s ceri   m houtsma   a keller   p samarati  1994.0 
'' spartan : a model-based semantic compression system for massive data tables s babu   m garofalakis   r rastogi acm sigmod record   2001.0 
a diffusion problem in which the amount of diffusing sub-stance is finite . 11 : diffusion with non - j crank phil . mag    
infrared spectral radiance of the sky w tam   r corriveau & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
a guided tour of relational databases and beyond m levene   g loizou  1999.0 
choice in dynamic linking m abadi   g gonthier   b werner lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
ils : its new role in schools . t mageau electronic learning   1990.0 
double-strand break repair mediated by dna end-joining y tsukamoto   h ikeda genes to cells   1998.0 
robust tests for equality of variances h levene contributions to probability and statistics   1960.0 
bagging and boosting with dynamic integration of classifiers a tsymbal   s puuronen lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
information extraction from web pages based on k-testable tree automaton inference r kosala   h blockeel   m bruynooghe   j van den  2002.0 
the well-constructed webquest s kennedy social studies and the young learner   2004.0 
affective multimodal human-computer interaction m pantic   n sebe   jf cohn   t huang proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
options for compliance with pollution control regulation : the relationship between abatement costs g mitchell   
building better theory : time and the specification of when things happen tr mitchell   lr james academy of management review   2001.0 
information lifecycle management : the emc perspective d reiner   g press   m lenaghan   d barta   r urmston data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
application of field triage guidelines by prehospital personnel : is mechanism of injury a valid m cooper   d yarbrough   l zone-smith journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
md 1994 matthew f. kohler md barber md    
a case for associative peer-to-peer overlays . volume 33   january 2003 e cohen   a fiat   h kaplan proceedings of acm hotnets-i ( october  
pesto : an integrated query/browser for object databases   v maganty vldb   1996.0 
personality resemblances between unwed mothers and their adopted-away offspring jc loehlin   l willerman   jm horn journal of personality and social psychology   1982.0 
using large data bases for interactive problem solving ed carlson vldb    
digital certificate fraud . m liew computerworld    
log write-ahead protocols and ims/vs logging rj peterson   jp strickland proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1983.0 
chemistry of s-nitrosothiols d lyn   h williams acc . chem . res    
â ?? the ultra-micrometer ; an application of the thermionic valve to the measurement of very small r whiddington phil . mag    
radiofrequency thermal ablation versus other interventions for hepatocellular carcinoma d galandi   g antes cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
tomalâ ?? a high-level programming language for microprocessor process control applications rb kieburtz   jl hennessy   
bargaining in families s lundberg   ra pollak unpublished manuscript   1998.0 
the insulation vacuum barrier for the large hadron collider ( lhc ) magnet cryostats m castoldiâ ? ¦ icec18   bombay   india    
verischemelog : verilog embedded in scheme j jennings   e beuscher   
rigorous specification using structured systems analysis and z kc mander   f polack information and software technology   1995.0 
integration of computational models inspired by economics and genetics p kearney   re smith   c bonacina   t eymann bt technology journal   2000.0 
the question of scale economies in software - why can not researchers agree ? b kitchenham information & software technology   2002.0 
a computational techniquefor inverse kinematics wa wolovich   h elliott pages 1359â ?? 1363of : proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference & hellip ;    
faculty issues in the 1990 s : new realities   new opportunities . jh schuster new directions for higher education   1990.0 
on the nonexistence of positive solutions to doubly nonlinear equations for baouendiâ ?? grushin i kombe submitted for publication    
the search for new models in faculty bargaining . jh schuster new directions for higher education   1974.0 
school choice   competition and the efficiency of secondary schools in england '   department of s bradley   g johnes   j millington  1999.0 
c   b. kingsbury   j. beck   d. johnson   and n. morgan . spert-ii : a vector microprocessor system j wawrzynek   k asanovi ieee computer    
designing speech user interfaces n yankelovich   j lai proceedings of acm chi   1998.0 
î ± 1-adrenoceptor affinities of drugs for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia in human mc michel   b grã 1/4 bbel   s mã ¶ llhoff   t otto   w proceedings of congress sociã © tã © internationale  
simulation of packet communication architecture computer systems . rep re bryant mit/lcs/tr -188   mit laboratory for computer science    
agent-based modellingâ ?? intelligent customer relationship management n baxter   d collings   i adjali bt technology journal   2003.0 
are you ready for â ?? trustâ ?? economy pgw keen computerworld    
defending against an internet-based attack on the physical world s byers   ad rubin   d kormann acm transactions on internet technology   2004.0 
chemistry of chemical vapor deposition of silicon y shimogaki   h komiyama proceedings of 11th international conference on c < d    
internet traffic warehouse cm chen   m cochinwala   c petrone   m pucci   s acm sigmod record   2000.0 
predicting accuracy of extracting information from unstructured text collections e agichtein   s cucerzan proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
complete arcs in pg ( 2   25 ) : the spectrum of the sizes and the classification of the smallest s marcugini   a milani   f pambianco   
geranylgeranylacetone induces heat shock protein-73 in rat small intestine t tsuruma   a yagihashi   s koide   j araya   k tarumi transplantation proceedings   1999.0 
strategic decision processes : comprehensiveness and performance in an industry with an unstable jw fredrickson   tr mitchell the academy of management journal   1984.0 
weakened paraelectricity at very low temperatures k knop & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;   1974.0 
extinction   weak extinction and persistence in a discrete   competitive lotka-volterra model dm chan   je franke applied mathematics and computer science   2000.0 
tribal colleges as community institutions and resources af cunningham   c parker new directions for higher education   1998.0 
incremental   online   and merge mining of partial periodic patterns in time-series databases mg elfeky   
the use of conventional pulped wood fibres as reinforcement in composites e sjã ¶ holm   f berthold   ek gamstedt   c neagu   m proceedings of the 23rd risã ¸ international symposium on & hellip ;    
optimizing for parallelism and data locality k kennedy   ks mckinley proceedings of the 6th international conference on & hellip ;   1992.0 
towards an odmg-compliant visual object query language m chavda   pt wood vldb   1997.0 
toward completeness of temporal databases sk gadia unpublished  
the climate change footprint : will we see it before it is upon us ? dl kelly   cd kolstad  1996.0 
floridaâ ?? s bicycle helmet law and a bicycle safety educational program : did they help st borglund   js hayes   jm eckes journal of emergency nursing   1999.0 
truth and approximate truth in metric spaces ce ortiz  1997.0 
finite volume methods for acoustics and elasto-plasticity with damage in a heterogeneous medium t fogarty phd thesis   university of washington   seattle   washington    
leukemia in electrical workers in new zealand ne pearce   ra sheppard   jk howard   j fraser   bm lancet i   1985.0 
the public image of a small college . r ashby new directions for higher education   1983.0 
report of thematic study d. planning and management processes : sectoral and territorial cooperation s humphrey   p burbridge european demonstration programme on integrated coastal zone & hellip ;    
mining generalized association rules with fuzzy taxonomic structures q wei   g chen fuzzy information processing society   1999 . nafips . 18th & hellip ;   1999.0 
functional adaptations to physical activity and inactivity b saltin   lb rowell fed proc   1980.0 
database activity at aberdeen university computing centre s knowles acm sigmod record   1981.0 
human brain activity during spontaneously reversing perception of ambiguous figures a kleinschmidt   c buchel   s zeki   rsj frackowiak proceedings : biological sciences   1998.0 
community screening for visual impairment in the elderly l smeeth   s iliffe cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
semantic overlay networks k aberer   p cudrã © - mauroux proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
itâ ?? s the customer   stupidâ ?? â ?? s roberts-witt pc magazine/internet business    
fresh : expert-system shell with foundation in data modelling erk spoor   jwb vermeulen information and software technology   1989.0 
behavioral indicators of customer satisfaction with vendor-provided information services rl heckman   wr king proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1994.0 
september 11 { 13   1989 uk london acm press   new  
rapidly solidified materials : properties and processing pw lee   jh moll  1988.0 
passive optical network planning in local access networks-an optimisation approach utilizing genetic h paul   j tindle bt technology journal   1996.0 
a dbms prototype to support non-first normal form relations : an integrated view on flat tables and p dadamâ ? ¦ sigmod proc    
an internet-based negotiation server for e-commerce y stanley   h chunbo   h joachimâ ? ¦ very large data bases j    
the consensus glossary of temporal database concepts-february 1998 version cs jensen   ce dyreson   
forms of interorganizational governance for multinational alliances rn osborn   cc baughn the academy of management journal   1990.0 
java ight is type-safeâ ?? definitely t nipkow   d von oheimb   
changing the educational program . r wood new directions for higher education   1990.0 
single iterative algorithm with global feedback for integrated system optimisation and parameter z amini   j lin   pd roberts   
development of maternal and child health services in india t kanitkar child in india . bombay : himalaya    
the concept of error in a database : an application of temporal databases g bhargava   sk gadia   
major uses of psychopharmacology in the emergency department ca glod journal of emergency nursing   1994.0 
brain literacy for educators vw berninger   tl richards  2002.0 
j and gregory ch 1931 aj bradley phil . mag    
direct spatial search on pictorial databases using packed r-trees n roussopoulos   d leifker   
release 8 ed.   pt . 11 iset manuals ise integrated systems engineering ag   zurich   switzerland    
structural barriers and facilitators in hiv prevention : a review of international research   aids r parkerâ ? ¦   
increasing capacity and decreasing dealy through mobility in ad-hoc networks r moraes   h sadjadpour   j garcia-luna-aceves submitted for  
quantifying schema evolution d sjã ¸ information and software technology    
a prototype content-based retrieval system that uses virtual images to save space l brown proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
an integrated browsing and querying system for odmg-compliant object databases sw chang   hj kim   k seoul   
operational quantum physics p busch   m grabowski   pj lahti  1997.0 
reliability of hermetic compressor for r134a appliances c mozzon   p sansalvadore procs . of int . seminar on new technology of alternative & hellip ;    
survey research and political socialization mk jennings santa barbara : university of california    
on meta-modeling for communication in operational process control engineering h albrecht   
practical global-event-queue-based optimistic simulation algorithms with one backup state vector and sk prasad procs . the first international conference on parallel and & hellip ;    
a content routing systemfor distributedinformationservers . technicalreport mitlcstr-578 ma sheldon   a duda   r weiss   jw o'toole jr   dk  1993.0 
lactoferrin : goat cdna characterization and assignment of the relevant locus to bovine u12 synteny f le provost   m nocart   g gu6rin   p martin  1994.0 
on completeness of historical query languages j clifford   a croker   a tuzhilin acm transactions on database systems    
a finctiontrl progrumming approach to deduclivc daruhascs a poulovassilis   c small proc . 17lh vldb confcrcncc    
mining associations between sets of items in massive database . r agrwal   t imielinski   a swami proc of the acm sigmod int &#39; i conference on management of & hellip ;    
the aids community demonstration projects ( 1997 ) dl higgins   c galavotti   ko ` reilly   j sheridan & hellip ; of the aids community demonstration projects . in n. corby  
the ins and outs ( and everything in between ) of data warehousing d schneider   p fernandez sigmod record   1996.0 
time-it : the time integrated testbed   version 1.1 d gao   n kline   md soo   j dunn  2002.0 
using peer institutions in financial and budgetary analyses t anderes new directions for higher education   1999.0 
the ina : a simple query language with only attribute names bi blum   rd semmel proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1990.0 
of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil [ z ] jc michael   jd david  1996.0 
a theoretical study of the yaw/roll motions of a multiple steering articulated vehicle dh wu proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
ethical considerations in internet-based adult education me holt new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 
a latent semantic classification model mw wang   jy nie   xq zeng proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
importance of rice pests and challenges to their management mb cohen   s savary   n huang   o azzam   sk datta see ref    
tamoxifen for relapse of ovarian cancer cj williams cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
on satisfiability   equivalence   and implication problems involving conjunctive queries in database s guo   w sun   ma weiss ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   1996.0 
explosion products content of water and soil samples taken on vieques island   puerto rico . white oak mg lai md    
changing ideas of the habitable world cj glacken see thomas    
atre   s. owre   h. rue   and n. shankar . ics : integrated canonization and solving jc filli proceedings of cav    
monitoring and blunting : validation of a questionnaire to assess styles of information seeking under sm miller journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
private partnerships and public networks in europe federal trust report h cowie   
page allocation to reduce access time of physical pages bk bray   wl lynch   mj flynn technical report csl-tr-90-454   stanford university    
o   lj rosenwasser and sm wolff ca dinarel demonstration of a circulating thymocytes suppressor factor  
the space overhead of customization s dieckmann   
what do i know about language learning ? the story of the beginning teacher j brown   j mcgannon proceedings of the 23rd alaa ( australian linguistics & hellip ;    
â ?? honey   i shrunk the databaseâ ?? : footprint   mobility   and beyond p seshadri proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1999.0 
a sequential algorithm for training classifiers dd lewis   wa gale proceedings of acm  
also called jscp c authorities   
multipotential nestin-positive stem cells isolated from adult pancreatic islets differentiate ex h zulewski   ej abraham   mj gerlach   pb daniel   w diabetes-new york -   2001.0 
database selection using complete physical and acquired logical collection resources in a massive jg conrad   xs guo   p jackson   m meziou proc . of the 28th international conf . on very large  
regional changes in climate in the mediterranean basin due to global greenhouse gas warming . jp palutikof   x guo   tml wigley   jm gregory unep   athens ( greece ) . 1992.   1992.0 
on the support of dependencies in relational databases : strong approximate dependencies i blanco   m martãn - bautista   d sã ¡ nchez   m vila data mining and knowledge discovery   submitted for & hellip ;    
autoregulation of subtilin biosynthesis : identification of conserved pentanucleotide direct repeats   m kleerebezem   r bongers   g rutten   wm de vos   op submitted for publication    
m. hauswirth a framework for semantic gossiping k aberer   p cudrã © - mauroux sigmod  
reading a set of disk pages b seeger   pa larson vldb   1993.0 
a transaction-conscious multi-version cache replacement and prefetching policy for hybrid data a seifert   mh scholl   
simulation data as data streams g abdulla   t critchlow   w arrighi sigmod record   2004.0 
computational methods for hydrofoil craft in steady and unsteady flow fv walree  1999.0 
technical correspondence s design acm transactions on database systems   1963.0 
multiple-dose activated charcoal : a review of relevant clinical studies s bradberry   j vale journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
trigonella foenumgraecum km nadkarni india materia medica . popular prakashan . bombay    
full text pdf format pdf ( 1.61 mb ) source history of programming languages archive te kurtz history of programming languages   1978.0 
analysis of the context dependency of codasyl find-statements with application to database program gb demo   s kundu   
developing the access network pw france   dm spirit   s whitt bt technology journal   1998.0 
matching is as easy as matrix inversion k mulmuley   uv vazirani   vv vazirani proceedings of the nineteenth annual acm conference on & hellip ;   1987.0 
on an algebra for historical databases : two views j clifford   ds tansel proc . acm sigmod conf    
andragogy after twenty-five years dd pratt new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
a statistical framework for peptide identification from tandem mass spectrometry data kh jarman   wr cannon   kd jarman   a heredia-langner  2003.0 
sustainable growth under inflation r higgins financial management    
a functional framework for web-based information visualisation systems m berder   r klein   a disch   a ebert ieee transactions on visualization and computer graphics    
a temporal relational algebra as basis for temporal relational completeness a tuzhilin   j clifford vldb   1990.0 
properties and genetic regulation of tetrahymena galactokinase je lavine  1980.0 
ten commands of formal methods jp bowen   mg hinchey ieee computer    
picture programming project . acms anthology   p edition   
estimating the quality of functional programs : an empirical investigation r harrison   lg samaraweera   mr dobie   ph lewis information and software technology   1995.0 
vectorization for simd architectures with alignment constraints ae eichenberger   
minimum cost path using binary relation inference network c su   kp lam submitted for publication    
dj 1996 . of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil mj carey   t dewit   
model-based motion estimation for synthetic animations m agrawala   ac beers   n chaddha   
scientific journals : extinction or explosion ? ( panel ) r ramakrishnan   h garcia-molina   g rossbach   a proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;   1995.0 
a short questionnaire to assess motion sickness susceptibility ( mssq-short ) : normative values   jf golding proceedings of the xxxvii symposium international dâ ?? & hellip ;    
the stacking-fault energy of graphite c baker   yt chou   a kelly phil . mag    
solving the transportation problem lr ford jr   dr fulkerson management science   1956.0 
dbenchâ ?? oltp : a dependability benchmark for oltp application environments m vieira   h madeira technical report dei-006-2002   issn 0873-9293   departamento de  
mutation testing - its origin and evolution mr woodward information and software technology   1993.0 
scientific journals : extinction or explosion ? r ramakrishnan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
building hierarchical classifiers using class proximity k wang   s zhou   sc liew vldb   1999.0 
topaz : a cost-based   rule-driven   multi-phase parallelizer c nippl   b mitschang  1998.0 
anti-epileptic drugs for preventing seizures following acute traumatic brain injury g schierhout   i roberts cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
database research at the university of oklahoma l brown   r dirckze   s guinepain   c sanchez   b acm sigmod record   1999.0 
direct and intuitive input device for 3-d shape deformation t murakami   n nakajima   
the task and ego orientation in sport questionnaire : psychometric properties jl duda   jg nicholls unpublished manuscript    
model based halftoning using direct binary search m analoui   jp allebach proc . spie   1992.0 
research issues in databases for active rapidly changing data systems arcs a datta acm sigmod record    
support seeking and support giving within couples in an anxiety-provoking situation : the role of ja simpson   ws rholes   js nelligan journal of personality and social psychology    
on the number of solutions for p-laplacian bvp with odd superlinearity i addou   
tuberculous psoas abscess ra harrigan   fh kauffman   mb love journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
it ( 1978 ) : â `` residential mobilityâ ''   progressin human j short   
rdb/vms support for multi-media databases   ( foils only ) tk rengarajan proc acm sigmod conf   san diego   may    
an update propagation method based on the tree of replicas in partially replicated databases km liewâ ? ¦   
ap 4 a and other dinucleoside polyphosphates ag mclennan  1992.0 
one-dimensional modeling of a peltier element w seifert   c strumpel   
speeding a query optimizer : the pilot pass approach a rosenthal   u dayal   d reiner unpublished  
what might evolutionary algorithms ( ea ) and multi-objective optimisation ( moo ) contribute to l poladian   ls jermiin & hellip ; and evolutionary computation conference   seattle   washington   2004.0 
sec. 2-102 ( unless the context otherwise requires   this article applies to transactions in goods ... . ucc see   
z. kristallogr . 111   142 . frx ~ - k   fc ( 1951 ) vg bhide   ar verma phil . mag    
geophysical models for nuclear explosion monitoring me pasyanos   wr walter   m flanagan   
electrical activity of a simple ganglion jh welsh   dm maynard fed proc    
peridot : creating user interfaces by demonstration ba myers   
direct spatial search on pictorial databases using packed r-trees nrd leifker proceedings of the acm sigmod  
a multi-disciplinary approach towards new mobile multimedia systems r prasad   fc schoute   r lagendijk   l ten horn   a submitted for  
integrated ferroelect r macquart   bj kennedy   ba hunter   cj howard   y  2002.0 
submodule construction for systems of i/o automata j drissi   g bochmann submitted for  
plz : a family of system programming languages for microprocessors c bass ieee computer    
separation of motions in systems with a rapidly rotating phase ai neishtadt prikladnaia matematika i mekhanika   1984.0 
report on the edbt '02 panel on scientific data integration o boucelma   s castano   c goble   v josifovski   z sigmod record   2002.0 
a robot implementation of a biologically inspired method ofr novelty detection p crook   g hayes procs . of towards intelligent mobile robots  
new land settlement in the eastern low lands of colombia rl tinnermeier  1965.0 
the syntony quest : evolutionary vision for change in your world a laszlo unpublished manuscript    
wetting of wood gi mantanis   ra young wood science and technology   1997.0 
windows 2000 dependability b levidow   b murphy   
report on the workshop on metadata management in grid and peer-to-peer systems   london   december 16 k keenoy   a poulovassilis   v christophides   g acm sigmod record   2004.0 
behavioral audiogram and masked thresholds of the megachiropteran echolocating bat   rousettus ra suthers   ca summers journal of comparative physiology a : sensory   neural   and & hellip ;   1980.0 
effects of honey solution on the urinary electrolytes and osmolality   urine volume and urinary total n al-waili   
spartan : a model-based semantic compression for massive data tables s babu   m garofalakis   r rastogi acm sigmod conference    
ir evaluation methods for retrieving highly relevant documents portal.acm.org   
ph : a parallel haskell la arvind   j hicks   rs nikhil   j stoy   w williams   
jobshop-like queueing systems jr jackson management  
the immunizing activity of certain chemical fractions isolated from haemolytic streptococci tc stamp   eb hendry lancet i    
edge-based approach to mesh simplification k choo   id yun   su lee 3-d digital imaging and modeling   1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ;   1999.0 
rough problem settings for inductive logic programming c liu   n zhong lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
the significance of trace metals in solving petrogenetic problems and controversies d fan   ss augustithis theophrastus publications   athens    
schkolnick   â ?? buffermanagementinrelationaldatabasesystems   â ?? g msacoandm acm transactions on database systems    
internet streaming simd extensions s thakkar   
carbon : electrochemical and physicochemical properties k kinoshita  1988.0 
carr r1 : a substrate amplification system for enzyme-linked immunoassays . 11 j verrier jones   m mansour   h james   d sadi demonstration of its applicability for measuring anti-dna & hellip ;    
click : modular   flexible   and efficient pc routers [ z ] b chen   e kohler   m poletto   
the hopf bifurcation and its applications je marsden   m mccracken  1976.0 
an experimental comparison of model-based clustering methods m meilä ?   d heckerman machine learning   2001.0 
the black sheep-interactive improvisation in a 3d virtual world m klesen   j szatkowski   n lehmann proceedings i   2000.0 
concepts in care . consensus conference on the use of aerosolized antibiotics in cystic fibrosis cf foundation md    
query-by-example : the invocation and definition of tables and forms : in douglas s. kerr   editor m zloof proceedings on the international conference on very large  
the lowering of fracture-stress due to surface adsorption nj petch phil . mag    
alkylation of iridium via tandem carbon-hydrogen bond activation/decarbonylation of aldehydes . pj alaimo   ba arndtsen   rg bergman acc . chem . res   1995.0 
brain enzyme histochemistry following stabilization by microwave irradiation e marani   p bolhuis   me boon the histochemical journal   1988.0 
efficient on-the-fly data race detection in multithreaded c++ programs e pozniansky   a schuster   
surgical glove lubricants : from toxicity to opportunity ja woods   rf morgan   fh watkins   rf edlich journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
xml-based flexible visualisation of networks : visual browser z neverilova   p sojka  2005.0 
a new general triangulation method for planar contours s ganapathy   tg dennehy acm siggraph computer graphics   1982.0 
emulation of ad-hoc networks on ieee 802.11 f kubinszky  2000.0 
reconstruction and representation of 3d objects with radial basis functions jcc rkb   jb cherrie   tj mitchell   wr fright   bc mc proceedings of acm siggraph 2001    
seeking outside help to facilitate renewal efforts . r hahn new directions for higher education   1985.0 
distributed problem solving and planning eh durfee lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
a semantic approach to correctness of concurrent transaction executions a tuzhilin   pg spirakis proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
model-based reasoning for complex flight systems m balduccini   m gelfond   
fertility transition in india : problems and prospects kb pathak   bs singh the family welfare programme in india   bombay : vikas & hellip ;    
new office : more than you bargained for . ml marcus computerworld.   1983.0 
the effects of a gradient of nutrient additions on levels of primary producers and consumers in sk roll  1998.0 
investigation of the crustal structure in western greece ( zakinthosâ ?? nw peloponessus area ) n voulgaris  1991.0 
automata   languages   and machines s eilenberg  1974.0 
comet kohoutek : ground and airborne high resolution tilting-filter ir photometry c barbieri   cb cosmovici   s dropatz   kw michel   t study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 
a replicable web-based negotiation server for e-commerce syw su   c huang   j hammer   
modeling and simulation as a control means for product development k andersson   
manipulating interpolated data is easier than you thought s grumbach   p rigaux   l segoufin vldb   2000.0 
n on-parumetric e & m & ion of relative risk r tibshirani  1982.0 
transcription factors   normal myeloid development   and leukemia dg tenen   r hromas   jd licht   de zhang blood-new york -   1997.0 
a technology independent block extraction algorithm f luellau   t hoepken   e barke   
dispersal of citrus canker bacteria in droplets and prevention with windbreaks m koizumi   e kimijima   t tsukamoto   m togawa   s proc . int . soc . citricult    
the global access challenge rp searle   arj cook   dm spirit bt technology journal   1998.0 
mosfet scaling-the driver of vlsi technology dl critchlow proceedings of the ieee   1999.0 
a technique for rendering approximate solutions to physical problems uniformly valid mj lighthill phil . mag    
knowledge-based geological visualisation using avs im brown   mj herbert   
improving register allocation for subscripted variables d callahan   s carr   k kennedy   
investigation of algebraic query optimisation for database programming languages a poulovassilis   c small proceedings of the 20th intâ ?? l conference on very large  
a high-performance distributed algorithm for mining association rules a schuster   r wolff   d trock knowledge and information systems   2005.0 
co 2 lasers and temperature changes of titanium implants dk oyster   wb parker   me gher   
the federal face of voting : are elected officials held accountable for the functions relevant to k arceneaux unpublished manuscript   2004.0 
z glossary jp bowen information and software technology    
distributed detection by a large number of sensors in tandem jd papastavrou   m athans proc . 29th ieee conf : decision and  
fostering an internet-based learning network for community health through action research f lau   
research to improve subyearling chinook fish guiding efficiency at mcnary dam-1986 . nmfs/noaa ga swan   wt norman  1987.0 
an evaluation of buffer replacement strategies for relational database systems h chou   d dewitt proc . llth international conf . on vldb    
reducing risk through process improvement in rapidly changing business and e-commerce environments h li   m ross   g king   g staples software quality management-international conference -    
properties of r plasmids in pseudomonas aeruginosa ga jacoby see ref    
analyzing and modeling encryption overhead for sensor network nodes p ganesan   r venugopalan   p peddabachagari   a dean proceedings of the 2nd acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
using linear classifiers in the integration of user modeling and text content analysis in the ad esteban   mjm lopez   m de buenaga rodriguez   jmg   
xmill : an efficient compressor for xml data l hartmut   d suciu   
a new technique for the rapid removal of tracheal mites from honey bees for biological studies and aw smith   gr needham see ref    
bt 's mobile joint ventures and alliances td parker bt technology journal   2001.0 
parallel distributed processing : explorationsin the microstructureof cognition de rumelhart   ge hinton   rj williams volume i :  
applying the bt operational support systems architecture s pyzer   p williams   d richards bt technology journal   1997.0 
security and inference in multilevel database and knowledge-base systems m morgenstern proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1987.0 
â ?? nail   patrick e. oâ ?? neil   and gerhard weikum   the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database jo elizabeth proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l  
oestrogens for urinary incontinence in women b moehrer   a hextall   s jackson cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
wal   t. imielinski   and a. swami . mining associa . t. ion rules between sets of items in large dat   r agra proc . of the acm sigmod con-ferrncc on man   agement of  
editors . a glossary of temporal database concepts cs jensen   j cliord   r elmasri   sk gadia   p hayes   acm sigmod  
diurnal variation in flight performance and hence potential predation risk in small birds nb metcalfe   se ure proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil   '' mj carey   dj dewitt & hellip ; conferenceonverylargedatabases   bombay   india   september    
can brown be green ? lessons from one university 's quest for environmental responsibility . j corless   h ward new directions for higher education   1992.0 
rapidly building synchronous collaborative applications by direct manipulation g banavar   s doddapaneni   k miller   b mukherjee   
join and semijoin algorithms for a multiprocessor database machine p valduriez   g gardarin acm transactions on database systems   1984.0 
statistical database management hkt wong proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
integration fever m kennedy computerworld    
panel on time and databases g ariav   j clifford   m jarke proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1983.0 
what is a customer ? the beginnings of a reference ontology for customer c partridge & hellip ; oopsla workshop on behavioral semantics   seattle   washington & hellip ;    
experimental comparison of face/non-face classifiers e hjelmas   i farup procs . of the third international conference on audio-and & hellip ;    
expresso brews up java apps f hayes computerworld    
accountability and complexity of thought pe tetlock journal of personality and social psychology    
adapting to route-demand and mobility in ad hoc network routing s ahn   au shankar computer networks   2002.0 
outdoor education and its educational objectives p smith geography    
using a landscape metaphor to represent a corpus of documents m chalmers lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 
social dominance orientation : a personality variable relevant to social roles and intergroup f pratto   j sidanius   lm stallworth   bf malle journal of personality and social psychology    
qe . 1994 . the changing office pc mag pc  
report of the third banff conference on allograft pathology ( july 20-24   1995 ) on classification and k solez   h benediktsson   t cavallo   b croker   aj transplant proc   1996.0 
an analysis of errors and their causes in system programs a endres acm sigplan notices   1975.0 
multiscan-based test compression and hardware decompression using lz77 fg wolff   c papachristou proc . int . test conf   2002.0 
visualisation interactive dâ ?? information m hascoã `` t   m beaudouin-lafon   
spinat : spi multiplexed nat for secure and efficient mobility j ylitalo   p nikander unpublished  
database research at the university of oklahoma . acms anthology sigmod record   1999.0 
the prevalence of affective and other disorders among older adolescents pm lewinsohn   h hops   re roberts   jr seeley submitted for publication    
teaching about the president and the presidential election . m haas social studies and the young learner   1988.0 
fk 506-associated diabetes mellitus in the pediatric transplant population is a rare complication pb carroll   h rilo   j reyes   r alejandro   y zeng   transplant proc   1991.0 
machine learning and intelligent agents t panayiotopoulos   nz zacharis   
cyclic load testing of wood structural panel shear walls . td skaggs   jd rose proc.   int . wood engineering conf    
0.74 / 0.55-ev ga x in 1â ?? x as/inas yp 1â ?? y monolithic   tandem   mim tpv converters : design   growth rj wehrerâ ? ¦ proc . 29th ieee pvsc ( may 2002    
integrating security patterns in the development of secure agent-based systems h mouratidis   p giorgini   m schumacher   m weiss  2003.0 
supporting diversity with faculty learning communities : teaching and learning across boundaries mc petrone new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
life science research and data managementâ ?? what can they give each other ? a gupta sigmod record   2004.0 
the psr gene of enterococcus hirae atcc9790 is longer than previously reported o massidda   o dardenne   mb whalen   w zorzi   j submitted for  
network security private communication in a public world second edition c kaufman   r perlman   m speciner   
hyperventilation therapy for acute traumatic brain injury g schierhout   i roberts cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
the relative importance of competition and contagion in intra-industry information transfers : an p laux   lt starks   
solving satisfiability and implication problems in database systems s guo   w sun   ma weiss acm transactions on database systems   1996.0 
a logic level specification of the nqthm simplification process a coglio   f giunchiglia   p pecchiari   c talcott   
a model of new product development : an empirical test bj zirger   ma maidique management science   1990.0 
erato - an onera-dlr cooperative programme on aeroacoustic rotor optimisation j prieur   wr splettstoesser european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
public opinion channel : a network-based interactive broadcasting system for supporting a knowledge - t fukuhara   n fujihara   s azechi   h kubota   t internet-based intelligent information processing systems    
report of investigation   reference material 8414 bovine muscle powder . national institute of m ihnat md    
21 : 753â ?? 759   1973 ap india study of diabetes in india annual meeting   bombay    
bayesian real-time optical flow . js zelek   
langevin 's theory of ionic mobility hr hassã © phil . mag    
video summarization by curve simplification d dementhon   v kobla   ds doermann   
database trunsaction models for advanced applications . morgan kaufmann   san mateo   calif.   i y92 . il a elmagarmid proc . acm sigmod . acm press . new york    
use of a concluding process to assist grieving families . m williams journal of emergency nursing   1984.0 
how to prevent cheating in pinchâ ?? s scheme g hossein   j pieprzyk   gr chaudhry   j seberry electronic letters    
security control for cots components q zhong ieee computer   1998.0 
solving systems of non-linear equations faster jf canny   e kaltofen   l yagati proc . acm-sigsam    
the birds of washington . volume ii wl dawson   jh bowles  1909.0 
cognitive design principles for visualizations : revealing and instantiating j heiser   b tversky   m agrawala   p hanrahan   
potential theory on harmonic spaces c constantinescu   a cornea  1973.0 
the lived experience of minnesota secondary school library media specialists in an era of me kelsey  2004.0 
reverse link power control performance for high speed data over cdma s kumar   s nanda   a falconi proc . int . conf . telecommunications  
the changing office ' b machrone   ma bragen   l grunin pc  
hazards in changing cities jk mitchell applied geography   1998.0 
r. desjardins   widearea technologies and services in the trans-pacific high data rate ( hdr ) e hsu   c hung   n kadowaki   n yoshimura   t proceedings of the 23rd pacific telecommunications  
ands . m. sripada   â ?? tsql2 language specification   â ?? rt snodgrass   i ahn   g ariav   ds batory   j sigmod record    
the uses of ecology : lake washington and beyond.â ?? university of washington press wt edmondson seattle   washington    
dieless nc forming and sheet fluid forming t maki imtma conference   bombay   india    
new collapse consequences of np having small circuits j koebler   o watanabe lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
antiprotons as probes of solar modulation jw bieber   ra burger   r engel   tk gaisser   t proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf    
the manual of learning styles   3 rdedition   1992 p honey   a mumford   
maybe programmers should work at home . e yourdon computerworld.   1982.0 
electrical properties of the epidermal stratum corneum t yamamoto   y yamamoto iyodenshi to seitai kogaku   1973.0 
ps/2 â ??   peter norton y richard wilton pc el ibm microsoft  
tool for social science students and researchers c bierens de haan   g chabrã ©   f lapique   g regev   proceedings of acm  
formation of rings in galactic discs by infalling small companions e athanassoula   i puerari   a bosma   
real time cable tracking using texture descriptors a grau   j climent   j aranda proc . int . conf .  
information structures : tools in problem solving me d'imperio acm sigmod record   1969.0 
a new relaxation algorithm for the time optimal control problems of hybrid step motors rh brown   y zhu   x feng proc . 28th ieee conf decision contr.   tampa   fl   dec    
histochemical and immunohistochemical properties of skeletal muscle fibres fromrana andxenopus am rowlerson   nc spurway the histochemical journal   1988.0 
consortium   x window system   version 11   release 5 x mit  1990.0 
the presidency of a small college . dc west new directions for higher education   1983.0 
the importance of being small h root unpublished manuscript    
paup p : phylogenetic analysis using parsimony and other methods   sinauer   sunderland dl swofford md    
the peter norton pc programmer 's bible p norton   pg aitken   r wilton microsoft  
industrial organization : contemporary theory and practice i   south-western college publishing l pepall   g norman   d richards  2001.0 
advanced quasi-optical mode converter for a step-tunable 118-162 ghz   1 mw gyrotron m thumm   g michel   a mobius   d wagner proc . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter  
on certain curious motions observable at the surfaces of wine and other alcoholic liquors j thomson phil . mag    
tandem oxidation processes using manganese dioxide : discovery   applications   and current studies rjk taylor   m reid   j foot   sa raw acc . chem . res   2005.0 
back to processes pgw keen computerworld    
surface compression with geometric bandelets g peyre   s mallat   ep cmap proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 
multiobjective evolutionary algorithms applied to two problems in the telecommunications dk joshua   jo martin   wc david bt technology journal    
nonlinear functional analysis and its applications e zeidler  1986.0 
venture leader for mobility and wireless systems p smyth bt technology journal   2003.0 
r * optimizer validation and performance evaluation for distributed queries lf mackert vldb   1986.0 
reluctance of paramedics and emergency medical technicians to perform mouth-to-mouth resuscitation p hew   b brenner   j kaufman journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
programming active server pages s hillier   d mezick  1997.0 
positive illusions about the self : short-term benefits and long-term costs rw robins   js beer journal of personality and social psychology   2001.0 
exploring the design space for notification servers r devina   d alan proceedings of acm  
the greek internet users in numbers p mandravelis newspaper ethnos   athens   greece   january    
adept : an agent-based approach to business process management . acms anthology sigmod record   1998.0 
attribution of responsibility to the self and other in children and adults fd fincham   jm jaspars journal of personality and social psychology    
research issues in spatial databases o guenther sigmod record   1990.0 
simplification and reduction of cedl constrained expressions lk dillon  1986.0 
in-place editing of web pages : sparrow community-shared documents bw chang www7 / computer networks   1998.0 
research and productsâ ?? are they relevant to each other ? ( panel session ) h edelstein proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0 
efficiency and completeness of the set of support strategy in theorem proving l wos   ga robinson   df carson journal of the acm ( jacm )   1965.0 
facilitating faculty learning communities : a compact guide to creating change and inspiring mc petrone   l ortquist-ahrens new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
tutorial on information visualisation m chalmers vldb conference    
agflow : agent-based cross-enterprise workflow management system l zeng   b benatallah   p nguyen   ahh ngu proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0 
university of washington press ga bradley seattle    
conoise : agent-based formation of virtual organisations tj norman   a preece   s chalmers   nr jennings   m   
should social studies teachers become nationally certified ? a lockledge   np gallavan social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
tractable query languages for complex object databases s grumbach   
computational politics : electoral systems e hemaspaandra   la hemaspaandra lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
spontaneous splenic rupture due to subcutaneous heparin therapy sj weiss   t smith   e laurin   dh wisner journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
view management in multimedia databases sc kasim   e lemar   vs subrahmanian the vldb journal    
local dynamic modeling with self-organizing maps and applications to nonlinear system identification jc principe   l wang   ma motter proceedings-ieee   1998.0 
oestrogen supplementation   mainly diethylstilbestrol   for preventing miscarriages and other adverse aa bamigboye   j morris cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
the five-minute rule ten years later   and other computer storage rules of thumb g graefe   j gray   
hip protectors for preventing hip fractures in the elderly ( cochrane review ) mj parker   ld gillespie   wj gillespie cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
peptidergic neurons and the control of neuroendocrine activity in the fresh water snail lymnaea ew roubos   hh boer   lpc schot proc int sym neurosec    
forecasting risk attitudes : an experimental study of actual and forecast risk attitudes of women and cc eckel   pj grossman unpublished manuscript   2002.0 
self-determination and persistence in a real-life setting : toward a motivational model of high rj vallerand   ms fortier   f guay journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
computational problems related to the design of normal form relational schemata   acm tans c beeri   pa bernstein database syst    
putting politics in its place : baliapal   india   as a terrain of resistance p routledge political geography    
model-based reasoning finds analog pcb faults k sierzega   r rastogi electronic test    
why has ipo underpricing changed over time ? t loughran   j ritter   
boron and its role in crop production uc gupta  1993.0 
a visual query language for odmg-compliant databases m chavda   pt wood   
on the electron microscopy of fission fragment damage lt chadderton   dv morgan   im torrens   v van phil mag   1966.0 
tam : a system for dynamic transactional activity management t zhou sigmod conference   1999.0 
protest and the scale politics of telecommunications pc adams political geography   1996.0 
drug therapy for delirium in terminally ill patients kc jackson   ag lipman cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
agflow : agent-based cross-enterprise workflow management system ( demonstration paper ) l zeng   b benatallah   ahh ngu   p nguyen proceedings of 27th international conference on very large  
using genetic algorithms to work out index configurations for the class-hierarchy indexing in object hj song   jh ahn   hj kim information & software technology   2000.0 
whither video?â ?? pictorial culture and telepresence av lewis   g cosier bt technology journal   1997.0 
network-conscious gif image transmission over the internet pd amer   s iren   ge sezen   pt conrad   m taube   a computer networks   1999.0 
a person-situation approach to altruistic behavior d romer   cl gruder   t lizzadro journal of personality and social psychology    
hemodynamic and other determinant in development of left ventricular hypertrophy ed frohlich  1983.0 
ironic processes in the mental control of mood and mood-related thought dm wegner   r erber   s zanakos journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
v-cms : a visual computational modeling system y chen  1996.0 
seeking explanations in soar sr haynes   
workforce development : the policy debate jl wills new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0 
characteristics of young deaf children and early intervention programs kl weiss   mw goodwin   df moores  1975.0 
reliably assessing reliability with sas software pm simpson   pr phillips   s lensing   r hamer proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group international & hellip ;    
its possibilities and limits.â ?? h intervention  1994.0 
conservative versus operative treatment for hip fractures mj parker   hh handoll   a bhargara cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
on the comparison of association rule hiding techniques ed pontikakis   vs verykios   y theodoridis hellenic database management symposium   athens   greece    
a mode analyzing algebraic simplification program ac hearn proc .  
the '' end of geography '' in financial services ? local embeddedness and territorialization in the p agnes economic geography    
tracking and data ass ociation academic press y barâ ?? shalom   t fortmann inc.   san diego    
what is the role of stimulant laxatives in the management of childhood constipation and soiling kj price   tm elliott cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
study to evaluate sensitivity analysis algorithms for low-cost structural design and optimisation r spence   kj zimmermann  1977.0 
the problem with landscape : some philosophical and practical questions s harrison geography-london -   1999.0 
traversal recursion : a practical approach to suporting recursive applications a rose861 rosenthal   s heiler   u dayal   f manola acm sigmod int . conf.   austin   texas   may    
quest : a project on database mining r agrawal   
scalable update propagation in epidemic replicated databases m rabinovich   nh gehani   a kononov & hellip ; on extending database technology : advances in database & hellip ;   1996.0 
developing and maintaining accelerated degree programs within traditional institutions wj husson   t kennedy new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
on completeness query languages j clifford   a croker   a tuzhilin acm transactions on database systems   1994.0 
part two : should adult and continuing education strive for professionalization ? . m collins   rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education   1992.0 
human resource development practitioners should strive for certification ad ellinger new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
supporting exceptions to behavioral schema consistency to ease schema evolution in oodbms e amiel   mj bellosta   e dujardin   e simon proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
ata a names at  
director in your pocket : holistic help for the hapless home videographer b adams   s venkatesh proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
a framework for information visualisation jb kennedy   kj mitchell   pj barclay sigmod record   1996.0 
a contingency model for the selection of decision strategies lr beach   tr mitchell the academy of management review   1978.0 
george orwell 's opaque glass in '' 1984 '' jo lyons   g orwell wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1961.0 
the epley ( canalith repositioning ) manoeuvre for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo m hilton   d pinder cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
a technique for rending approximate solutions to physical problems uniformly valid l mj phil . mag    
towards more informative user interfaces jm janas vldb   1979.0 
columbus and the exploration of the americas : ideas for thematic units in the elementary grades . ga levitt social studies and the young learner   1992.0 
use of the trousseau dilator in cricothyrotomy-a decade of experience in denver kj bramwell   dp davis   tv cardall   e yoshida   gm journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
optimum commutation-current profile on torque linearization of switched reluctance motors ds schramm   bw williams   tc green proc . int . conf . electric machines    
catalyzing private capital flows : do imf programs work as commitment devices a mody   d saravia  2003.0 
apj d williams   jf toland  1998.0 
roxels : responsibility weighted 3d volume reconstruction js de bonet   p viola   
the evolution of lisp rp gabriel   gl steele & hellip ; conference on the history of programming languages ii   for  
outerjoin simplification and reordering for query optimization a rosenthal  1997.0 
feature identities   descriptors and handles in interoperating geographic information systems : second p sargent zurich   switzerland . springer verlag .  
brain computerized tomography after hyperbaric oxygen therapy for carbon monoxide poisoning . j pracyk   b stolp   c fife journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
rock preconditioning to prevent rock bursts wj karwoski   wc mclaughlin   w blake report on a field demonstrationâ ??   united states department & hellip ;    
xmill : an efficient compressor for xml data h liefke   d suciu   
acm sigplan history of programming languages conference pl/i language summary rf rosin history of programming languages   1978.0 
noncommand user interfaces j nielson comm . acm    
semexâ ?? an efficient music retrieval prototype k lemstrom   s perttu proceedings ismir   2000.0 
operational characteristics of switched reluctance motor drives hh moghbelli   m moallem   
june of 1999   ins mounted enforcement operation in the vanguard meat processing plant in nebraska ; i may   
su : modeling integrated manufacturing data with sam * yw stanley ieee computer    
keeping employees in the know d williams area development    
science in india : institution building and the organizational system in historical perspective w morehause bombay : college of india and popular prakastan    
meta-functions and contexts in an object-oriented database language m caruso   
risperidone versus typical antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia e kennedy   f song   r hunter   a clarke   s gilbody cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
toward a common language : emergency nursing uniform data set ( enuds ) v bradley journal of emergency nursing   1995.0 
non-kekule molecules-theory   practice and uses pm lahti   a ichimura   d modarelli   m kearley  1988.0 
health   fertility   and socioeconomic status as predictors of survival and later health of women : a l duffy   j menken unpublished manuscript    
digital homesâ ?? for richer for poorer   who are they for ? pa rout bt technology journal   2002.0 
atic experiment : elemental spectra from the ight in 2000 hs ahn   jh adams   g bashindzhagyanâ ? ¦ proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf.   tsukuba    
detection of normal and pathological fetal states by means of neural and fuzzy classifiers applied g magenes   d arduini   
qos control in arts/fddi continuous media communications y tobe   h tokuda   stc chou   jmf moura proceedings of acm sigcomm    
cardosin b is an aspartic proteinase expressed at the extracellular matrix of the transmitting m vieira   j pissarra   p verissimo   p castanheira    1999.0 
pat-a reliable path following algorithm   aug. 2000 d mezher   b philippe submitted for  
aplicacionesâ ?? microsoft excel m del usuario de visual basic  2000.0 
surface plasmons confined by microstructures rw rendell ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1979.0 
gluconeogenesis : methodological approaches in vivo jl chiasson   je liljenquist   ww lacy   as jennings   fed proc   1977.0 
a practical environment for fortran programming a carle   kd cooper   rt hood   k kennedy   l torczon   ieee computer    
management of schema evolution in databases j andany   c palisser vldb   1991.0 
instructions for applying discourse reference annotation for multiple applications ( drama ) r passonneau unpublished manuscript    
private information retrieval b chor   o goldreich   e kushilevitz   m sudan j acm   1998.0 
user/is team grows extranet c sliwa computerworld    
the management of conflict . mj williamsâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   1985.0 
casl : a guided tour of its design pd mosses lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
the ottawa ankle rules in asia : validating a clinical decision rule for requesting x-rays in sy tay   fl thoo   yy sitoh   e seow   hp wong journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
a computational and experimental study of the scavenging flow in the transfer duct of a motored two - jp creaven   rg kenny   r fleck   g cunningham proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
why ethics in citizenship education ? . wc parker social studies and the young learner   1988.0 
numerical analysis problem solving system jr rice   s rosen proc . 21st acm nat .  
extranet services target health care b cole-gomolski computerworld    
hand recognition using geometric classifiers y bulatov   s jambawalikar   p kumar   s sethia lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
risky subjects : changing geographies of employment in the automobile industry d butz   d leslie area   2001.0 
an investigation of cloning in web applications d rajapakse   s jarzabek submitted for  
obturator hernia : the usefulness of emergent computed tomography for early diagnosis-a new technique r terada   s ito   h kidogawa   k kashima   h ooe journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
modeling policy interventions tf cooley   sf leroy   n raymon & hellip ; university of california   santa barbara   ca   and university & hellip ;    
development and validation of a detailed reaction mechanism for the combustion of small hydrocarbons aa konnov proc.   28th int . symp . on combustion   edinburgh   uk    
viscous flow through pipes with cores nav piercy   ms hooper   hf winny phil . mag    
a consensus glossary of temporal database concepts csjj clifford   r elmasri   c dyreson   f grandi   wkn sigmod record   1994.0 
on the content of materialized aggregate views s grumbach   l tininini   
stability and level of self-esteem as predictors of anger arousal and hostility mh kernis   bd grannemann   lc barclay journal of personality and social psychology   1989.0 
orienting of visual attention r klein   a kingstone   a pontefract eye movements and visual cognition : scene perception and & hellip ;   1992.0 
fuzzy association rules in large databases with quantitative attributes cm kuok   a fu   mh wong acm sigmod records   march    
study on elliptical properties of single-fed circularly polarized microstrip antenna m haneishi   t nambara   s yoshida electronic letters    
dual-doppler radar analysis of an oklahoma squall-line system bf smull   ra houze conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
lane detection and tracking by video sensors j goldbeck   b huertgen   
on completeness of historical relational data models j clifford   a croker   a tuzhilin acm transactions on database systems    
jade : a high-level   machine-independent language for parallel computing mc rinard   dj scales   ms lam ieee computer    
the false promise of objects j gantz computerworld    
a comparative analysis of evolutionary algorithms for function optimisation i de falco   r del balio   a della cioppa   e procs . of the second workshop on evolutionary computing (  
influences on internal evaluation data dependability : organizational issues and data quality control fl newman   r white   d zuskar   e plaut new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 
ncgia core curriculum in giscience m goodchild university of california   santa barbara    
a learning generalization bound with an application to sparse-representation classifiers y gat machine learning   2001.0 
switching to monotherapy with lamictal compared to valproate m kerr   k kane   am moorat 23rd international epilepsy proceedings    
the communist movement in andhra : terror regime 1948å ? 51 â ?? in ar desai p sundarayya peasant struggles in india   oxford university press   bombay    
semantic types : a fresh look at the ideal model for types j vouillon   pa mellies   
the genus aspergillus . williams and wilkins co.   baltimore kb raper   di fennell md    
optimizatimization of the treatment of malignant tumors as singin proceedings of the int . jubilee conf.â ?? 25 years of clinical  
the information on the chernobyl accident and its consequences   prepared for iaea aa abagyan   vg asmolov   ak gusikovaâ ? ¦ at energ    
communication-efficient distributed mining of association rules a schuster   r wolff data mining and knowledge discovery   2004.0 
active magnetic bearings   basics   properties and applications of active magnetic bearings . 1994 vdf g schweitzer   h bleuler   a traxler isbn    
solving elliptic problems using ellpack jr rice   rf boisvert  1985.0 
beyond query by example s santini   r jain proceedings of the sixth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0 
the design and implementation of k : a high-level knowledge-base programming language of osam * . kbms ym shyy   j arroyo   syw su   h lam the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
uab : islam in bangladesh ra banu   
experience with tcp vegas : emulation and experiment js ahn   pb danzig   z liu   l yan proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 95    
a survey of clear-air propagation effects relevant to optical communications rs lawrence   jw strohbehn proc . ieee    
human resource development practitioners should resist professional licensing jw gilley new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
quadratic and hermitian forms over rings ma knus  1991.0 
the ve-minute rule ten years later and other computer storage rules of thumb j gray   g graefe sigmod record    
expanded beam connectors with microlens fibers p chanclou   m thual   o gautreau   c kaczmarek   g proc . 29th eur . conf . optical communication 14th int . conf .  
a comparison of the quantity and composition of material caught in a neutrally buoyant versus ko buesseler   dk steinberg   af michaels   rj   
grammaticalization and related changes in contemporary german c lehmann approaches to grammaticalization    
an analysis of bgp convergence properties [ a ] g timothy   g wllfong proceedings of acm  
globalization of the airline industry and implications for canada mw tretheway proceedings of canadian transportation research forum 25 & hellip ;    
a new voronoi-based surface reconstruction n amenta   m bern   m kamvysselis proc . acm siggraph    
a new generation of workflow management systems : beyond taylorism with mobile c bussler   s jablonski   h schuster acm sigois bulletin   1996.0 
sharing of home responsibilities between professionally employed women and their husbands m biernat   cb wortman journal of personality and social psychology   1991.0 
hierarchical conditional dependency graphs as a unifying design representation in the codesis high - aa kountouris   c wolinski proc . int . symp . syst . synthesis   2000.0 
translating models across scales in the landscape aw king quantitative methods in landscape ecology   1991.0 
using the accreditation process to transform the mission of the library ra wolff new directions for higher education   1995.0 
l-iypermed : medical records implemented with hypercard mr dambro   dp jennings demonstration digests . the twelfth annual symposium on & hellip ;    
theory of point estimation el lehmann  1998.0 
market and nonmarket values of the georgia landscape mg turner   ep odum   r costanza   tm springer environmental management   1988.0 
the birds of santa barbara county pe lehman california . univ. of california santa barbara . santa barbara    
ultrashort pulse measurements dj bradley   ghc new proc . ieee    
positional versus keyword parameter communication in programming languages wt hardgrave acm sigplan notices   1976.0 
corticosteroids for acute traumatic brain injury p alderson   i roberts cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
ip telephony solutions for the customer premises ab catchpole   cj middleton   t nelson bt technology journal   2001.0 
potassium and its regulation fc luft see ref    
data on the web : from relational to semistructured data and xml s abiteboul   p buneman   d suciu sigmod record   2003.0 
an internet-based negotiation server for e-commerce syw su   c huang   j hammer   y huang   h li   l wang   the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
case-based rigorous object-oriented methods jm bruel   b france   m larrondo-petrir as evans and dj duke   procs of the 1st northern formal & hellip ;    
the five-minute rule ten years later   and other computer storage rules of thumb / / sigmod record . 1997 j gray   g graefe   
practical handbook of genetic algorithms : applications : volume i l chambers i ( crc press    
operational support systems for the future local network rt boyd   kj brodrick bt technology journal    
a handbook of the birds of eastern china jdd la touche volume i    
student activism at ithaca college : reflections on management and leadership pr williams   mr mcgreevey new directions for higher education   2004.0 
instructions for coding explanations : identifying segments   relations and minimal units m moser   jd moore   e glendening unpublished manuscript   1996.0 
seeking the truth about ad hoc join costs lm haas   mj carey   m livny   a shukla the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
on designing incentive-compatible routing and forwarding protocols in wireless ad-hoc networks s zhong   l li   y liu   yr yang   
arthroplasties ( with and without bone cement ) for proximal femoral fractures in adults mj parker   d rajan cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
edsos   implosion and explosion : concepts to automate part of application maintenance of relational rj veldwijk   mv van dijk   erk spoor information and software technology   1991.0 
benefiting from the unique properties of lanthanide ions . jc bunzli acc chem res   2006.0 
syw su . k : a high-level knowledge base programming language ym shyy proceedings   international conference on management of  
subjective barriers to prevent wandering of cognitively impaired people jd price   dg hermans   j grimley evans cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
social behavior jo wolff advances in the study of peromyscus   1989.0 
activators and repressors : making use of chromatin to regulate transcription ap wolffe   j wong   d pruss genes to cells   1997.0 
optimal and time-consistent fiscal policy with international mobility of capital : why does the us p klein   v quadrini   j rios-rull unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
