real-time networking for the implementation of cim proc . int . conf . automation lr lin   hp huang   
bill 1989â ?? select committee p offences   
how coping mediates the effect of optimism on distress : a study of women with early stage breast journal of personality and social psychology   cs carver   c pozo   sd harris   v noriegaâ ? ¦  1993.0 
proposed air force guidelines for successfully supporting the intrinsic remediation ( natural th wiedemeier   jt wilson   dh kampbell   rn miller proceedings   1994 outdoor action conference   may 23-25   & hellip ;    
evaluation of local detectors on non-planar scenes f fraundorfer   h bischof    
towards generic service management concepts : a service model based approach . 7th ieee/ifip m garschhammer   r hauckâ ? ¦ seattle   washington usa : ieee publishing   may      
e-business models r trombly  computerworld    
proda : a suite of web-services for progressive data analysis m jahangiri   c shahabi 2005.0  proceedings of 24th acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
impact of control system design on a flexible manufacturing system for colliery arches sj williams   
manipulating complex objects acm press frontier series   m lacroix   m vanhoedenaghe  1990.0 
preparing for an adult education evaluation . rc mason 1993.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
a concentric-circle model for community mining in graph structures wj zhou   jr wen   wy ma   hj zhang   
lecture-â ?? process for developing aap guidelinesâ ?? . baltimore n halsey md      
data and knowledge base research at hong kong university of science and technology p drew   b hamidzadeh   k karlapalem   acy kean   dl sigmod record   1995.0    
integrity = validity + completeness a motro acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 
4   175   180   203 amniosenosa   204 cell migrations   175 bonder cells   179   180 hemocytes   176 pgc i drosophila   
issues in developing very large data warehouses proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   l do   p drew   w jin   v jumani   d van rossum  1998.0 
recent bt patents gm maclarty 2005.0  bt technology journal    
rule and data allocation in distributed deductive database systems sj lim   yk ng    
automatic composition of transition-based semantic web services with messaging d berardi   d calvanese   g de giacomo   r hull   m  proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
pouchitis after ileal pouch-anal anastomosis : a pouchitis disease activity index wj sandborn   wj tremaine   kp batts   jh pemberton mayo clinic proceedings     1994.0 
microsoft excel data analysis and business modeling wl winston   2004.0 
local and global query optimization mechanisms for relational databases vldb   1985.0 k satoh   m tsuchida   f nakamura   k oomachi   
the role of the grants officer 2002.0 lw willard new directions for higher education    
s. peyt on jones   a short-cut to deforestation proc . acm a gill   j launchbury   
asynchronous groupware support effects on process improvement groups : an action research study   rj mcqueen   
a perspective on the future of massively parallel computing : fine-grain vs. coarse-grain parallel pt tosic    
3d-surface modelling for automotive applications with the use of neural networks proc . 28th isata-international symposium on automotive & hellip ;   m gadola   d vetturi   p maffezzoni   
odeview : the graphical interface to ode proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on r agrawal   n gehani   j srinivasan   
efficient ebv superinfection of group i burkitt 's lymphoma cells distinguishes requirements for virology-new york -   1995.0 tj evans   mg jacquemin   pj farrell   
regular research articles b cooper acm sigmod record   2005.0 
integration of asynchronous and self-checking multiple-valued current-mode circuits based on dual - t hanyu   m kameyama    
computing optimal attribute weight settings for nearest neighbor algorithms cx ling   h wang 1997.0  artificial intelligence review    
use of object-oriented constructs in a computational modeling system for earth scientists ka carlson   1995.0 
rare earths -- applications and technology bombay   india   25-26 sept. 1986   ck gupta   ts krishnan  1986.0 
spin vector   shape   and size of the amor asteroid ( 6053 ) 1993 bw ~ 3 p pravec   m wolf   l sarounova   aw harris   jk  icarus-new york -   1997.0 
the acute pediatric scrotum mw schul   ma keating journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
d vanwilligen   aws helwig   vincent . loran-c & galileo   an european navigation solution o gwa proc of the 29th annual technical symposium of the & hellip ;    
generating machine specific optimizing compilers r hoover   k zadeck 1996.0  proceedings of the 23rd acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ;    
the alpha adrenoceptors on endothelial cells 1986.0 ja angus   tm cocks   k satoh fed proc    
surveillance of the flow of salmonella and campylobacter in a community nv harris  seattle   washington   us : communicable disease control & hellip ;    
consistency within diversity : guidelines for programs to honor exemplary teaching md svinicki   rj menges new directions for teaching and learning     1996.0 
preliminary experience with process modeling in the marvel software development environment kernel ge kaiser    
the energy method   stability   and nonlinear convection b straughan 1992.0    
data integration in data warehousing d calvanese   g de giacomo   m lenzerini   d nardi   r international journal of cooperative information systems     2001.0 
a study of transitive closure as a recursive mechanism hv jagadish   r agrawal   l ness proceedings of acm-sigmod 1987 annual conference on    
wen mei w. hwu . modular interprocedural pointer analysis using access paths proc . acm pldi   bc cheng   
modell des langwelligen strahlungsaustauschs und idealer regler fã 1/4 r das gebã $ udemodul type56 c felsmann technical university of dresden    
reduction of the cost of erythropoietin therapy by coadministration of l-carnitine in hemodialysis d karvadias   c fortounas   j tsouchnikas   t edta 32nd congress   athens   greece      
high performance fortran : status report gl steele jr  acm sigplan notices   1993.0 
a new generation of spoken dialogue systems : results and lessons from the sundial project j peckham  proc . eurospeech    
making explicit the development toward the scholarship of teaching cb weston   l mcalpine new directions for teaching and learning     2001.0 
correct systems : building a business process solution 1998.0 wml holcombe   f ipate   
in ( 0 . 5 ) 3 ga ( 0 . 47 ) as/inp sam avalanche photodiodes grown by gas source mbe ( abstract only ) g zhang   t hakkarainen   k tappura   k rakennus   h 1991.0  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
user-level operating system extensions based on system call interposition 1999.0 a alexandrov   
define â ?? re-engineerâ ?? rl manganelli computerworld    
the case for multi-tier camera sensor networks p kulkarni   d ganesan   p shenoy    
implementing deductive databases by linear programming c bell   
a numerical comparison of 2d resistivity imaging with eight electrode arrays t dahlin   z bing  procs . eegsâ ?? 01   birmingham    
closure of the nuclear fuel cycle : valence of actinides and safety vm poplavskii   vi matveev   ns rabotnov at .    
management of technology ivâ ?? the creation of wealth & hellip ; of the fourth international conference on management of & hellip ;   t khalil   b bayraktar   
switching osmolyte strategies : response of methanococcus thermolithotrophicus to changes in external ra ciulla   dd martin   pm robinson   mf roberts  submitted for  
automatic presentations of structures b khoussainov   a nerode  lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
thã © mis : a database programming language with integrity constraints . acms anthology    
bergey 's manual of systematic bacteriology   vol 1 . williams & wilkens   baltimore md   nr krieg   jg holt   
on some principles of grammaticization 1991.0 pj hopper approaches to grammaticalization    
ode ( object database and environment ) : the language and the data model r agrawal   nh gehani    
13th conf . on plasma surface interactions ( san diego   1998 ) j. nucl . mater aw leonardâ ? ¦   1998.0 
on rotation of the plane of polarization by reflection from the pole of a magnet j kerr phil . mag      
lisp machine manual d weinreb   d moon 1981.0  acm sigart bulletin    
developing a wnss based on j2ee architecture yj li   w shang   yq feng proceedings of 2002 international conference on management & hellip ;      
beryllium doping of inp grown by gas-source molecular beam epitaxy ( abstract only ) oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 t hakkarainen   k rakennus   k tappura   m hovinen   m   
application of wavelet packets algorithm to diesel engines ' vibroacoustic signature extraction j zou   j chen   zm geng 2001.0  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;    
the need for liberal education gk davies new directions for higher education   1994.0 
the growth habits and surface structure of ice crystals bj mason   gw bryant   ap van den heuvel phil . mag    
advances in mixed-method evaluation : the challenges and benefits of integrating diverse paradigms new directions for program evaluation v caracelli   j greene   j greene   v caracelli   
issues in developing context-aware computing lecture notes in computer science   j pascoe   n ryan   d morse  1999.0 
preisach modeling and compensation for smart material hysteresis proc . spie   1995.0 d hughes   jt wen   
class hierarchies and their complexity 1990.0 m lenzerini acm press frontier series    
sleepers and workoholics-caching in mobile wireless environments d barbara   t imielinski  proc . acm  
epirus revisited : seasonality and inter-site variation in the upper palaeolithic of north-west g bailey   pl carter   cs gamble   hp higgs  see ref    
comments on some new caledonian freshwater fishes of economical and biogeographical interest g marquet   n mary proceedings of the 5 th indo-pacific fish conference ( noumea   & hellip ;   1999.0 
doing what matters most : investing in quality teaching l darling-hammond 1997.0    
numerical modeling of the heat flux to the anode of high-current vacuum arcs e schade   d shmelev   i kleberg proc . 21st int . conf . on electrical contacts      
the book of indian animals . 3rd ed : bombay natural history society sh prater bombay   india    
the case for reliable concurrent multicasting using shared ack trees bn levine   db lavo   jj garcia-luna-aceves    
version modeling concepts for computer-aided design databases   acm sigmod int rh katz   e chang   r bhateja conf . on data management    
andr . r. muntz . afaulttolerantdesignofamultimedia server s berson   l golubchik inproceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
march 1993 . â ?? data management for mobile computingâ ?? sigmod t imielinski   br badrinath   
user interface management systems and application portability ieee computer   rc seacord   
responses of grizzly bears to hydrocarbon exploration on richards island   northwest territories   international conference on bear research and management   l harding   ja nagy   
how javaâ ?? s floating-point hurts everyone everywhere . june 1998 unpublished manuscript available at http://http . cs . w kahan   jd darcy   
experimentell-morphologische untersuchungen ã 1/4 ber das verhalten der â ?? neurosekretorischen bahn â ?? w hild 1951.0  virchows archiv    
membrane-associated guanylate kinase with inverted orientation ( magi ) -1 / brain angiogenesis inhibitor a mino   t ohtsuka   e inoue   y takai genes to cells   2000.0    
energy ejicient indexing on aiz acm sigmod int t imielinski   s viswanathan   b badrinath conference on management of data      
on some principles of grammaticalization pj hopper approaches to grammaticalization   1991.0 
matching : a well-solved class of integer linear programs 2002.0 j edmonds   el johnson lecture notes in computer science    
fentonâ ?? s reaction revisited c walling acc . chem . res    
some remarks on linear diffeomorphisms in wavelet space   july 2003 q xie   m holschneider   m kulesh    
experimental results on weighted proportional tcp throughput differentiation p gevros   
robust test generation algorithm for stuck-open fault in cmos circuits m weiwei   l xieting 1986.0  proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;    
database compression sigmod record   ma roth   sj van horn  1993.0 
how do prudent laypeople define an emergency medical condition ? - implications for managed care journal of emergency medicine   rw derlet   a ledesma  1999.0 
the self-energy and interaction energy of stacking fault in metals rw atree   ts plaskett phil mag    
classroom assessment : improving learning quality where it matters most . new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 ta angelo   
the lytic compartment of plant cells p matile  1975.0 
constraint satisfaction in database theory m vardi   
histopathology of cyclosporine nephrotoxicity mj mihatsch   g thiel   b ryffel transplant    
individual differences and mis success : a review of the empirical literature management science   rw zmud  1979.0 
efficient object sampling via weak references o agesen   a garthwaite    
use of an inverted file structure for interactive retrieval of computer program abstracts 1973.0 ac buschman acm sigmod record    
testing syntax and semantic coverage of java language compilers as boujarwah   k saleh   j al-dallal information & software technology   1999.0 
benefits assessment   ( isocccrates deliverable 3 ) a report on the isocccrates project   published by c carter   a thorpe   an baldwin isbn      
technology transfer in liberalized indian economy : a critical analysis . civilization   modern pk de  international conference on management of technology   iamot . & hellip ;    
condensation method of demonstrating the ionization of air phil . mag   ctr wilson   
querying database knowledge a motro   q yuan   
capabilities-based query answering in mediator systems conference on parallel and distributed information systems   & hellip ;   y papakostantinou   a gupta   l haas   
personal interview with author d byrd   2004.0 
nearest neighbor queries proc . of acm-sigmod   n rossopoulos   s kelly   f vincent   
insiders slam navy intranet computerworld   d verton   
a systematic review of existing quality assessment tools used to assess the quality of diagnostic p whiting   a rutjes   j dinnes   jb reitsma   p   
c. mmp-a multi-mini-processor proc . afips   wa wulf   cg bell   
increasing minority students ' success in calculus new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 mv bonsangue   de drew   
on the thermoelastic   thermomagnetic and pyro-electric properties of matters w thomson phil . mag    
research issuesinspatial databases o guenther   a buchmann  acm sigmod record    
bisimulation-based non-deterministic admissible interference and its application to the analysis of j mullins   s lafrance  information and software technology   2003.0 
solving the state assignmentproblemfor signal transition graphs proc . of 29th acmieee design automation conference   l lavagno   c moon   r brayton   a sangiovanni -   
1987 . analysis of object oriented spatial access methods c faloutsos   t sellis   n roussopoulos proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
responding to : 20huh ? â ?? : answering vaguely articulated follow-up questions jd moore acm sigchi bulletin   1989.0 
kornatzky . ( 1995 ) . thelyric language : queringconstraintobjects . incareyandschneider   editors a brodsky & y  proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of  
s. dar   and hv jagadish.â ?? direct transitive closure algorithms : design and performance evaluation   acm trans . database syst . . to appear . ( preliminary version ur agrawal   
dissertation r mathar   a bei ein und mehrdimensionalen aachen technical university      
a flexible software analysis tool twg docker 1987.0  information and software technology    
use of integrated air quality management tools in urban areas as an improvement in environmental k karatzas san diego      
mixed voltage interface esd protection circuits for advanced microprocessor in shallow trench s voldman   g gerosa proc . int . electron device    
safari sojourns : exploring south africa with the new geography standards social studies and the young learner   1995.0 ld labbo   sl field   dl brook   
tribes in the ethnography of nepal : some comments on a debate l caplan contribution to nepalese studies      
population stereotypes : an attempt to measure and define proceedings of the human factors society 25 thanâ nual & hellip ;   b bergum   j bergum   
br badrinath data management for mobile computing t imielinski sigmod record    
scaling reinforcement learning toward robocup soccer p stone   rs sutton   
energy losses of ionizing particles at relativistic velocities in the photographic plate h messel   dm ritson 1950.0  phil . mag    
report available from the nasa center for aerospace information   7121 standard drive   hanover md   uus category   
ne xs ort : sorting xml in external memory a silberstein   j yang data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
stacking-fault energy of ni -- co-cr alloys phil . mag   eh koster   ar tholen   a howie   
belã 1/4 ftungseinbauten in schussrinnen . p rutschmann  1988.0 
reasoning on regular path queries 2003.0 d calvanese sigmod record    
dbswitchâ ? cents â ?? towards a database utility s dar   g hecht   e shochat  proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
the tv-tree : an index structure forhigh-dimensional data ki lin   h jagadish   c faloutsos the vldb journal    
right -   left - and multi-linear rule transformations that maintain context information db kemp   k ramamohanarao   z somogyi 1990.0  vldb    
would you believe structured fortran ? te hull acm signum newsletter     1973.0 
how should multifaceted personality constructs be tested ? issues illustrated by self-monitoring   1989.0 cs carver journal of personality and social psychology    
mankato schools information literacy curriculum guidelines . 8 june 2000 mankato area public schools   d johnson   
unix rdbms : the next generation what are the unix relational-database vendors doing to survive in b rosenblatt 1994.0  sigmod record    
software profiling for hot path prediction : less is more e duesterwald   v bala   
reducing the paperwork of risk assessment-how to make your safety system efficient and user-friendly p chawla 1999.0    
questions and answers   proposed guidance on cumulative risk assessment of pesticide chemicals that epa opp   
transitive closure algorithm disk tc and its performance analysis v hirvisalo   e nuutila   e soisalon-soininen   
logical foundations of peer-to-peer data integration proc . of the 23rd acm sigact sigmod sigart sym . on & hellip ;   2004.0 d calvanese   g de giacomo   m lenzerini   r rosati   
improving student outcomes and institutional decision making with perc . new directions for higher education   eg palola   t lehmann  1976.0 
the intangible benefits and costs of investments : evidence from financial markets e brynjolfsson   s yang   
end-point position control of multi-link flexible manipulator arms m sahraian ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1991.0 
landscape   landscape and landscape : a threefold ontology mh jacobs   2002.0 
torbjrnsen . 1-safe algorithms for symmetric site configurations r humborstad   m sabaratnam proceedings of the vldb conference    
enactable process specification in support of process-centred environments am christie 1994.0  information and software technology    
adaptive linear step-up false discovery rate controlling procedures y benjamini   a krieger   d yekutieli unpublished manuscript    
underpricing   price stabilization and long run performance in initial public offerings : a study on 1999.0 g giudici   s paleari unpublished manuscript    
dynamic reorganization of object databases vi wietrzyk   ma orgun   
advances in laser welding of automotive parts 1992.0 ie ross   dw hughes   t orihashi & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry   proceedings   25 th & hellip ;    
typing chinese   japanese   and korean jd becker ieee computer    
operating system extensions for the teradata parallel vldb ncr ncr    
occupational therapy ... hh hull  1931.0 
a hytime engine for and mmis jf koegel   lw rutledge   jl rutledge   ch keskin  proc . acm  
information ownership   access and control : strategies for reengineering information systems in a seidmann   a sundararajan    
viewpoint can a course be taught entirely via email ? vv phoha communications-acm   1999.0 
giant molecules : here   there   and everywhere academic   san diego   g ayu   ar khokhlov   
software cost estimation using an albus perceptron ( cmac ) information and software technology   1997.0 b samson   d ellison   p dugard   
t.   and kaiser   bl ( 1972 ) . carboxypeptidase a : a mechanistic analysis et kaiser acc . chem . res      
production database systems : making them easy is hard work d campbell  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
saga h garcia-molina   k salem & hellip ; of the acm international conference on management on data ( & hellip ;      
a modified version of the lewellen and badrinath measure of tobin 's q de lee   jg tompkins financial  
digital village the discipline of internet forensics h berghel communications-acm   2003.0 
acknowledging the learning styles of diverse student populations : implications for instructional new directions for teaching and learning   1992.0 ja anderson   m adams   
status of megawatt gyrotron development at cpi k felch   m blank   p borchard   p cahalan   s proc . 26th int . conf . infrared and millimeter waves ( icfrm  
in search of an api for scalable reliable multicast j gemmell   d bassett    
the r + - tree : a dynamic indexfor multi-dimensionalobjects proc . 13th int . conf . on very large databases ( vldb )   t sellis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos   
transient and impulse response approximations em kennaugh   dl moffatt   
image algebra with applications unpublished manuscript   gx ritter   
reducing i/o demand in video-on-demand storage servers l golubchik   jcs lui   r muntz acm sigmetrics performance evaluation review     1995.0 
miss grimp revisited : recofiguring composition   literature   and cultural literacy . new directions for teaching and learning   f jussawalla  1990.0 
the aditi deductive database system the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   j vaghanl   k ramamohanarao   db kemp   z somogyi   pj  1994.0 
effective functional test design increases pcb throughput pn douglas  electronic manufacturing    
issues in ontology-based applications [ j ] c zhan   dm jones   po ` bfien sigmod record    
substrates   calquing and grammaticalization in melanesian pidgin rm keesing approaches to grammaticalization    
internet users cruising for info.   not purchase e booker computerworld    
implementing semantic data integration for the internet p kabus  msc thesis   department of computer science   darmstadt university  
pseudo-coprime factorizations for regular linear systems rf curtain  submitted for  
performance evaluation of the hdlc protocol computer networks   e gelenbe   j labetoulle   g pujolle   
immunocytochemical localization of atrial natriuretic peptide in the venae cavae and the pulmonary th larsen 1988.0  the histochemical journal    
eden : an engine for definitive notation-design   implementation and evaluation msc thesis   department of computer science   university of yey wai   
paradox 7 : powerful 32-bit database build for developers s riccardi  pc magazine south  
combined thermionic and photoelectric emission from dispenser cathodes dw feldman   a valfells   j neumann   j harris   b   
on constant-weight tsp-tours s jones   
safely and efficiently update references during on-line reorganization   vldb '98 proceedings of 24th international conference on very large & hellip ;   c zou   b salzberg   
some recent studies on the polysaccharides of agarophytes c araki proc . int . seaweed symp    
fabrication of sicâ ?? bn composite particles by fluidized-bed cvd and its applications j hojo   w nabekura   k kishi   s umenayashi see  
integer programming formulation of traveling salesman problems ce miller   aw tucker   ra zemlin  journal of the acm ( jacm )   1960.0 
induced vertical mixing in a stratified impoundment by a subsurface warm-water discharge . k henkel  1973.0 
dew : a dependable web services framework submitted for publication   e alwagait   s ghandeharizadeh  2003.0 
ict and the changing landscape of global tourism distribution electronic markets   h werthner  1999.0 
internet keyed payments protocol ( ikp m linehan   g tsudik   1995.0 
models of women 's learning : implications for continuing professional education . k loughlin   v mott 1992.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
i 'm blogging this '' : a closer look at why people blog ba nardi   dj schiano   m gumbrecht   l swartz   
on the efficient treatment of vertical mixing and chemistry in air pollution modelling pjf berkvens   ma botchev   jg verwer  cd-rom procs . 16th imacs world congress    
real-time communication in cim systems using fddi p werahera   a jayasumana as international conference on technical  
vitamin e for neuroleptic-induced tardive dyskinesia cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 kv soares   jj mcgrath   
â ?? i prayed real hard   so i know i 'll get inâ ?? : living with randomization new directions for program evaluation   1994.0 ja lam   sw hartwell   jf jekel   
human perception of air movement g zhou technical university of denmark      
war and peace on the western front : a study of violent conflict and its correlates in prehistoric 1994.0 pm lambert   
calcium localization in the shell-forming tissue of the freshwater snail   biomphalaria glabrata : a u bielefeld   k zierold   kh kã ¶ rtje   w becker the histochemical journal     1992.0 
citrus responses to irrigation methods dr rodney   rl roth   br gardner  proc . int . soc . citriculture    
boogiepl : a typed procedural language for checking object-oriented programs r deline   krm leino   
how do places matter ? a comparative study of chinese ethnic economies in los angeles and new york 1998.0 y zhou urban geography    
hardware prefetching for pointer data references ch chi   cm cheung procs . of the ics98   melbourne   australia      
yima : a second-generation continuous media server c shahabi   r zimmermann   k fu   syd yao   
a mini-computer network for support of real time research wj lennon proc . acm annual conf    
research issues in spatial databases sigmod record   o gihtther   a buchmstnn   
systematic construction of programs for distributed memory systems m raji-werth   p feautrier procs of the int . workshop on compiler for parallel & hellip ;    
sleepers and workaholics : caching strategies in mobile environments d barbarã ¡   t imielinski proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data   1994.0 
testing flow graph reducibility r tarjan proceedings of the fifth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;   1973.0 
using tool abstraction to compose systems d garlan   ge kaiser   d notkin   
high-performance i/o for massively parallel computers : problems and prospects jm rosario   an choudhary ieee computer    
distributed logging for transaction processing ds daniels   az spector   ds thompson  acm sigmod record   1987.0 
activity-based costing : a cost management tool . fj turk  new directions for higher education   1993.0 
a fast way to define system requirements g rush computerworld      
expressive power and data complexity of nonrecursive query languages for lists and trees ( extended 2000.0 e dantsin   a voronkov proceedings of the nineteenth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ;    
the paleobiological implications of herbivorous dinosaur coprolites : ichnologic   petrographic   and k chin  1996.0 
stereo scene coding using slm active illuminant jp mcdonald   rj fryer   jp siebert proc . 26th int . symp . on automotive technology and & hellip ;    
craze yielding and stressâ ?? strain characteristics of crazes in polystyrene j hoare   d hull phil . mag      
author index with titles gg barnafoldi   g papp   p levai   g fai   ls barnby    j. phys . g : nucl . part . phys   2004.0 
example-based machine translation on a massively parallel processor n takahashiâ ? ¦  procs . of ijcai    
phosphorylation of ser-3 of cofilin regulates its essential function on actin 1996.0 k moriyama   k iida   i yahara genes to cells    
system impacts on program costs and integrity c logan   j kirlin   p elwood   m menne   m walker the evaluation of the expanded ebt demonstration in maryland      
measured pulse-stuffing jitter in asynchronous dsiisonet multiplexing with and without stuff - electronic letters   wd grover   te moore   ja eachern   
derivatives of regular expressions ja brzozowski 1964.0  journal of the acm ( jacm )    
intense magnetic fields observed by voyager 2 during 1998 lf burlaga   fb mcdonald   nf ness proc . 26th int . conf . cosmic rays   sh     1999.0 
integrating social studies with math and science . 1989.0 pa heath social studies and the young learner    
z   galil   two lower bounds in asynchronous distributed computation p duris proc . 28th annual syrup . on foundations of computer science   & hellip ;      
computer forensics : high-tech law enforcement l garber    
mentoring minority graduate students : a west indian narrative ca stanley new directions for teaching and learning     1994.0 
an end user friendly interface for databases i kamenyâ ? ¦ proceedings vldb      
recent breaches raise specter of liability risks . j vijayan computerworld      
systems with hysteresis ma krasnoselâ ?? skii   av pokrovskii  1989.0 
splus reference manual statistical sciences ra becker   jm chambers   ar wilks inc   seattle   washington      
asynchronous transfer mode-an overview jl adams bt technology journal     1995.0 
the dynamic nature of conflict : a longitudinal study of intragroup conflict and group performance ka jehn   ea mannix   
infective endocarditis in intravenous drug users : does hiv status alter the presenting temperature dj robinson   mc lazo   t davis   ja kufera journal of emergency medicine   2000.0    
mixed initiative in dialogue : an investigation into discourse ma walker   s whittaker proc . 28th ann . meeting assoc. computational linguistics    
light-cone superspace and the finiteness of the n = 4 model aip conference proceedings   s mandelstam  1984.0 
strategic alliance structuring : a game theoretic and transaction cost examination of interfirm a parkhe 1993.0  the academy of management journal    
integrating construction productivity and quality management . m battikha proc.   28th annual conference   canadian society for civil & hellip ;      
flexible information retrieval through likelog f arcelli   f formato proc . of acm  
an evaluation of the salinity stratification in the charles river basin technical report   massachusetts institute of technology   course a cano-ruiz   
exploring media correlation and synchronization for navigated hypermedia documents ky liu   hy chen 2005.0  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
use of intramuscular midazolam for status epilepticus journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 ar towne   rj delorenzo   
a survey of methods for achieving reliable software ieee computer   d morgan   d taylor   
webcast : an unusual cgi scripting language bk moritz proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
implementing deductive databases by mixed integer programming c bell   a nerode   rt ng   vs subrahmanian 1996.0  acm transactions on database systems    
developing an operational water temperature model for the columbia river system water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 b tanovan   rg willey   
automatic generation of application-specific architectures for heterogeneous multiprocessor system - d lyonnard   s yoo   a baghdadi   a jerraya  proceedings   acm    
a performance study of bistro   a scalable wide-area upload architecture submitted for wc cheng   cf chou   l golubchik   s khuller   
intermediaries : new places for producing and manipulating web content r barrett   pp maglio  www7 / computer networks   1998.0 
effect of nutritional status on outcome of orthotopic liver transplantation in pediatric patients aa moukarzel   i najm   j vargas   sv mcdiarmid   rw 1990.0  transplant proc    
system that tracked killer tied diverse data . computerworld.   1982.0 b hoard   
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation ( tens ) for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis in the l brosseau   k yonge   v robinson   s marchand   m cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
fipaâ ?? towards a standard for software agents pd o'brien   rc nicol bt technology journal   1998.0    
climate change and air quality in london . 1993.0 d lee geography    
nonlinear functional analysis and its applications i : fixed-point theorems e zeidler   1993.0 
an adjustment to profile likelihood based on observed information tj diciccio   se stern   1993.0 
a fortran compiler for fhe massively parallel processor k knobe   db loveman   m marcus   i wells  technical report cadd-8402-2101 . massachusetts computer  
analysis   modeling and generation of self-similar vbr video trac mw garrett   w willinger  proc . acm sigcomm    
evaluation and congress me fishman new directions for program evaluation   1989.0 
the index of community involvement n raynes   r sumpton   c pettipher unpublished manuscript      
on the complexity of equivalence between recursive and nonrecursive datalog programs s chaudhuri   my vardi    
updating rephcated data during commumcatlon fmlures bt blaustem   cw kaufman  proc eleventh internauonal vldb conference   stockholm   & hellip ;    
andx . ju . staggered striping in multimediainformation systems s berson   s ghandeharizadeh   r muntz proc . of acm sigmod   pages79-60   minnesota   usa   june    
rating scales for psychopathology   health status   and quality of life : a compendium on documentation p bech 1993.0    
s. jablonski . 1995 . policy resolution for workflow management c bussler proc . 28th hawaii internat . conf . system    
the book of indian mammals : bombay natural history society sh prater bombay   india      
andj . j. garcia-luna-aceves . the case for reliable concurrent multicasting using sharedack trees proc . acm bn levine   d lavo   
individual differences in need for cognitive closure dm webster   aw kruglanski  journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
field and laboratory experiments with iridaea cordata ( florideophyceae ) grown on nylon netting tf mumford jr  proc . int . seaweed symp    
hiroyuki kitagaw a   and nobuo ohbo   â ?? evaluation of signature files as set access facilities in y ishikawa proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of    
towards a formulation of data reorganization jp fry   d jeris proc . 2974 acm/sigmod workshop on data description   access    
ode as an active database : constraints and rules n gehani   h jagadish proceedings of the 17th international conference on vldb   & hellip ;    
content version 4.0 [ s ] ddk winnt    
area-delay optimizationof programmablelogic arrays d marple   ae gamal  technical report   stanford university   sept. .  
kek c-band rf-system r & d status for linear collider h matsumoto   ss win   kek shigeru takeda   t japan      
weinrib . the datacycle architecture for very high throughput database systems g herman   g gopal   k lee proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;      
putting adult education philosophies into practice . 1993.0 p mulcrone new directions for adult and continuing education    
a formai modei of trade-offs between execution and optimization costs in semantic query optimization intl conf on very large databases ( vldb ) ( reprinted in nhjdke & hellip ;   js shekhar   s dutta   
effects of trust and governance on relational risk b nooteboom   h berger   ng noorderhaven 1997.0  the academy of management journal    
approaches to lexical semantic representation unpublished manuscript   b levin   
report on malaria in bombay [ m ] ca bentley   1911.0 
variations in efficiency of nitrogen utilization in tomatoes ( lycopersicon esculentum mill . ) grown j o & apos sullivan 1973.0    
analysis of variations in diesel engine idle vibration m ajovalasit   j giacomin   
mj maher   separability of poyhedra for optimal filtering of spatial and constraint data a brodsky   c lassez   jl lassez proc . acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles of & hellip ;    
microsoft ; the windows interface guidelines for software design p hall   1995.0 
network cartographer 1997.0 g mansfield   k jayanthi   t ika   k ohta   y nemoto   proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;    
burrows   and wobber . authentication in distributed systems : theory and practice a lampson proceedings   thirteenth acm sosp      
a generic fault tolerant architecture for real-time dependable systems . 2001 : kluwer academic d powell    
a. bansal c. leangsuksun c. asthagiri   masc : an associative computing paradigm ieee computer   jpjbs scott   
sleepers and workaholics : caching in mobile distributed environments d barbara   t imielinski proc . of acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data      
thermotherapy for treatment of osteoarthritis cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 l brosseau   ka yonge   v robinson   s marchand   m   
the glow cache coherence extensions for widely shared data computer sciences technical report-university of wisconsin & hellip ;   s kaxiras   jr goodman  1996.0 
inferences involving embedded multivalued dependencies and transitive dependencies d stott parker jr   k parsaye-ghomi  proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1980.0 
wealth   status and â ?? raceâ ?? in the ruthin of edward ii m stevens  geography   2000.0 
suif : an infrastructure for research on paralleli zing and optimizing compilers s amarasingheâ ? ¦  technical report   stanford university   may  
an ecological perspective on integrating personality and social psychology rm baron   la boudreau  journal of personality and social psychology    
reflection and semantics in a procedural language cs brian  tecnical report 272   mit laboratory for computer science    
set-oriented constructs : fromrete rule bases todatabase systems dn gordin   aj pasik proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
support vector machine active learning for image retrieval s tong   e chang   
measurement of the human perception of noise and vibration aimed to define a general comfort index 1999.0 a conocilio   a sorrentino   f cenedese european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.    
ants of citrus : some considerations proc . int . soc . citriculture   wf buren   wh whitcomb   
current status of home parenteral nutrition in the united states 1996.0 l howard   m malone transplantation proceedings    
a network approach to detecting individual prognostic genes and therapeutic targets in brain cancer p mischel   b zhang   m carlson   z fang   w freije   e   2005.0 
columbia university press ny new york   
a guide to constructs of control ea skinner journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0    
a formal approach to fault tree synthesis for the analysis of distributed fault tolerant systems ml mckelvin jr   g eirea   c pinello   s kanajan   al proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
lower grinding costs and better workpiece quality by high-performance grinding with cbn whells aachen technical university . w kã ¶ nig   k yegenoglu   b stukenholz   
a framework for using materialized xpath views in xml query processing a balmin   f ozcan   k beyer   r cochrane   h pirahesh proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
integrating register allocation and instruction scheduling for riscs proceedings of the fourth international conference on & hellip ;   1991.0 dg bradlee   sj eggers   rr henry   
aciclovir for bell 's palsy ( idiopathic facial paralysis ) j sipe   l dunn cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
â ?? the magnetic and electric deviation of the easily absorbed rays from radium e rutherford phil . mag      
supex : a schema-guided path index for xml data 2002.0 j wang proceedings of 28th vldb . hong kong   china   august    
controlling data warehouses with knowledge networks & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ;   2000.0 e schaefer   jd becker   a boehmer   m jarke   
specialist help using multiple media da kirson   jm carroll   r eckhoff   jf kelley   s videotape demonstration      
code ( version 1 )   us department of energy   germantown b parks   pc cap88  md   1988.0 
evolution of tidal vorticity in stratified coastal flow g pawlak   p maccready   k edwards   r mccabe    
policy   regulations and approaches to home-based business in the eastern metropolitan region 2001.0 m horgan   
internationalizing the campus : what do you need to know ? bh carmical new directions for higher education     2002.0 
white matter lesions after occlusion of the bilateral carotid arteries in the rat : temporal profile 1997.0 h tomimoto   i akiguchi   h wakita   j kimura no to shinkei    
robson mb ` survey on user interface programming ' b myers proc acm  
advanced routing in changing technology landscape hks leung   
a parallel strategy for transitive closure usind double hash-based clustering vldb   jp cheiney  1990.0 
what can i say ? : evaluating a spoken language interface to email d hindle   g fabbrizio   j fromer   c mestel   m proceedings of acm  
allogeneic bone marrow transplantation corrects the immunodeficiency in pnp deficiency but does not rj hallett   b gaspar   ja duley   ld fairbanks   ha cellular and molecular biology letters   1999.0 
761 severance   dg   lohman   gm differential files : their application to the maintenance of large l severance  acm trans . on database  
the ccube constraint object-oriented database system : an overview a brodsky   ve segal proc . second international workshop on constraint database & hellip ;      
therhetoricofeconomicx wiscon-sin d mccloskey  1985.0 
changing the corporate culture . jb kashner new directions for higher education     1990.0 
laser-produced ion streams useful for technological applications proc . 28th eclim   j wolowski   j badziak   fp boody   s gammino   k   
recent adv. high pressure sci . technol s le floch   m mezouar   b anterion   p toulemonde   a  at  
spatial modelling of deforestation in southern cameroon : spatial disaggregation of diverse b mertens   ef lambin applied geography     1997.0 
data integration and warehousing in telecom italia s trisolini 1999.0  sigmod conference    
processing xml streams with deterministic automata and stream indexes tj green   a gupta   g miklau   m onizuka   d suciu acm transactions on database systems   2004.0    
heat conduction at low temperature : a non-linear generalization of the guyer-krumhansl equation 1997.0 g lebon   d jou   j casas-vazquez   w muschik periodica polytechnica chemical engineering    
the need for openness in standards k krechmer    
first thoughts on closure : problems and prospects . md   dp fowler   
the effects of sex   marital status   and educational background on selection decisions pa renwick   h tosi the academy of management journal   1978.0 
the design of the user interface for a large physics experiment g manduchi   g fregonese   c taliercio   tw fredian information and software technology    
nature of the optical transitions in charged oligothiophenes acc . chem . res   1992.0 jpb cornil   jl br & das   
a multi-environment cost evaluator for parallel database systems . procedings of the 2nd int . dasfaa f andres   m couprie   y viemont international conference on very large databases   santiago      
geography in the new polytechnics geography   lj wright   jh jones   
sql : 2003 has been published g introduction sigmod record   2004.0 
misdiagnosis of bilateral ectopic pregnancies : a caveat about operator expertise in the use of mc o'brien   t rutherford  journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
partial-match retrieval using hashing and descriptors k ramamohanarao   ja thom   jw lloyd 1983.0  acm transactions on database systems    
an multi-targets evaluation approaches to customers credit zf zhou   xw tang proceedings of 2003 international conference on management & hellip ;     2003.0 
vibration damping ad nashif   dig jones   jp henderson  1985.0 
status of the jyfl-ecr ion source ( abstract only ) j arje   v nieminen   j choinski   ta antaya oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0    
the cost of general education . new directions for higher education   rp lisensky  1993.0 
07-mars-2003 congested d toxicity    
linux deepening its canadian foothold computerworld   rb patrick   
sz and tokhi   mo ( 2004a ) . neuro-adaptive vibration suppression of flexible beam structures proceedings of the 23rd iasted international conference on m hashim   
parametrized self-organizing maps proc . icann   h ritter   
sick software c jones computerworld    
a study of concurrency control in real-time   active database systems ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   a datta   sh son  2002.0 
an improved algorithm for finding a key of a relation s kundu  proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
ode ( object database and environment )   the language and the data model actes r agrawal   n gehani acm sigmod   etats-unis   juin    
3-d molecular assembly of function in titania-based composite material systems . mh bartl   sw boettcher   kl frindell   gd stucky acc . chem . res   2005.0    
integrated urban air quality control and management l kliucininkas  international conference ecological technology and & hellip ;    
confidence in b2b sinks to a major new low . m meehan   
isolated bladder rupture after minor trauma in a patient with alcohol intoxication 1994.0 am herd   ng crofts   lm lee   jvj girard journal of emergency medicine    
e-business essentials mp graven pc  
the 2d lid-driven cavity problem revisited ch bruneau   m saad    
sharp bases and weakly uniform bases versus point countable bases av arhangel ` skii   w just    
a two-layered integration approach for product catalogs in b2b e-commerce b omelayenko   d fensel   
collaborative multimedia : getting beyond the obvious b nardi   s bly   e isaacs   sx wei   s whittaker 1994.0  proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;    
embeddedness in practice   numbers in context : the politics of knowing and doing p moss   
diapers and underpads   part 2 : cost outcomes ds brown    
category : 43 report available from the nasa center for aerospace information   7121 standard drive   zfzfuu subject   
semi-continuity in slim floor steel-concrete composite systems c bernuzzi   f gadotti   r zandonini 1 steuropean conference on steel structures   athens   greece   & hellip ;      
cm . ( 1996 ) . sensuality in product design : a structured approach gh hofmeester   jah kemp   a blankendaal  proceedings of acm chi96  
empowerment in business process reengineering : an ethnographic study of implementation discourses k sayer   l harvey    
aida : an adaptive immersive data analyzer m sharifzadeh   c shahabi   b navai   f parvini   aa    
do co-workersâ ?? wages matter ? theory and evidence on wage secrecy   wage compression and effort g charness   p kuhn    
optimization of energy redistribution in the core of an operating power reactor iy emelâ ?? yanov   vg nazaryan   vv postnikov  at .  
redial basis function interpolation on space mesh [ m ] yin bao-cai   gao wen proc acm siggraph97   los angeles    
a classification of artin schreier defect extensions and a characterization of defectless fields fv kuhlmann    
a unifving framework for version control in a cad environment c chow   wk hong-tai proc . intl. conference on very large data bases   august    
on the implementation of a simple class of logic queries for databases d saccã proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
anupdateguideforhazardi   version1 . 2   nistir5410   nationalinstituteofstandards and technology   rd peacock   ww jones   gp forney   rw portier   pa md    
determination of chromium and zinc in corrosion-resistant coatings at . spectrosc.   de harrington   js jones   wr bramstedt   t kling  1983.0 
heat shock and recovery protects renal allografts from warm ischemic injury and enhances hsp72 ga perdrizet   h kaneko   tm buckley   ms fishman transplantation proceedings     1993.0 
some issues in commodity stabilization policies j sengupta    
on name generation and set-based analysis in the dolev-yao model rm amadio   w charatonik lecture notes in computer science     2002.0 
phylip users manual v3 . 4 university of washington   seattle   j felsenstein   
electronuclear energy amplifiers with low-energy proton beams at . vs barashenkov   ia shelaev   
a secure and efficient digital signature algorithm s micali  technical report mit/lcs/tm -501   massachusetts institute of  
an introduction to deductive database languages and systems k ramamohanarao   j harland the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
two remarks on simulated tempering s caracciolo   a pelissetto   ad sokal unpublished manuscript    
the disposition and metabolism of 2â ??   3â ?? - dideoxycytidine   an in vitro inhibitor of human t - ja kelley   cl litterst   js roth   dt vistica   dg    
the power of decision tables r kohavi lecture notes in computer science     1995.0 
cost-sensitive reordering of navigational primitives 2005.0 cc kanne   m brantner   g moerkotte proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
design of an external schema facility to define and process recursive structures acm transactions on database systems   ek clemons  1981.0 
variable block-size image coding dj vaisey   a gersho   
a matter of degrees f fitter computerworld    
methanol poisoning . ce becker  journal of emergency medicine   1983.0 
281 284 index associationism r references   
self-reported independent living outcome measures of blind elders attending adjustment training rr van tol  2002.0 
what is the sound of a headache ? using digital media to represent inner experiences 1997.0 l penberthy   j bolter proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;    
neutron research at the petersburg institute of nuclear physics ka konoplev   va nazarenko   ai okorokovâ ? ¦  at .  
rita - an editor and user interface for manipulating structured documents dd cowan   ew mackie   gm pianosi    
quantifying the financial impact of occupational injuries and illnesses   and the costs and benefits sl warch   2002.0 
skyline index for time series data ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   q li   ifv lopez   b moon  2004.0 
e-business process modeling : the next big step s aissi   p malu    
designing relational database systems r riordan  1999.0 
supporting production rules using eca rules in an object-oriented context nw paton information and software technology    
learning from practice : learning to see what matters in program planning new directions for adult and continuing education   al wilson   rm cervero  1996.0 
study of the steady flow produced by direct injection diesel engine intake ports proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   jm desantes   jv pastor   a doudou  2001.0 
introduction : geography matters d massey geography matters   1984.0    
on the throughput of 802.11 b networks for voip s garg   m kappes submitted for    
an ontology-based approach to ecatalogue management z cui   jw shepherdson   y li bt technology journal   2003.0 
on the problem of the software cost function jj dolado information & software technology     2001.0 
computational investigation of the movement of a fused mass to the vessel bottom during an gn blasichedv   gb usynin   ng kuzavkov  at .  
r and gray as shibli   f viswanathan d. ed : proceedings   seminar on cyclic operation of power plant -    
an evaluation of value-transfer within a modular supply chain d doran   r roome    
some odyssean scenes in apuleius . md   sj harrison   
tests of stochastic dominance and cumulative independence in buying and selling prices of gambles submitted for mh birnbaum   s yeary   
integration of heterogeneous databases jma dãaz    
learning patterns of landscape and life de clover   lh hill new directions for adult and continuing education     2003.0 
modeling the impacts of reservoir emptying . energy and water : sustainable development a petitjean   jp maurel   jp bouchard   jc galland proceedings of theme d   water for a changing global & hellip ;      
keoladeo national park ecology study bombay ( india ) : bombay natural history society   vs vijayan   
a womanâ ?? s place l mcdowell   d massey  geography matters    
single-crystal gaas films for nuclear radiation detectors vm zaletin   ii protasov   oa matveevâ ? ¦  at .  
developing mentoring programs : major themes and issues ma wunsch  new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
new borland c++ builds 32-bit os/2 applications pc magazine   1993.0 s canter   
mechanisms linking work and family : clarifying the relationship between work and family constructs academy of management review   2000.0 jr edwards   np rothbard   
the physicochemical properties of some new aminophosphonates cellular and molecular biology letters   2000.0 h kleszczynska   j sarapuk   a dziamska   
adaptation to the fitness costs of antibiotic resistance in escherichia coli sj schrag   v perrot   br levin 1997.0  proceedings : biological sciences    
wave pipelining for application-specific networks on chips j xu   w wolf   
three models for the homotopy theory of homotopy theories   preprint available at math je bergner    
users loathe to share their know-how b cole-gomolski computerworld    
wilkinson overview of the jasmin database machine dh fishman   m lai proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;      
the tv-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional data ki lin   hv jagadish   c faloutsos the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
design overview of the aditi deductive database system j vaghani   k ramamohanarao   db kemp   z somogyi   pj   
transputer arrays and computer-aided control system design gm megson    
adaptive arrays - an introduction ieee   proceedings   1976.0 wf gabriel   
moerkotte 1991 : a. kemper   c. kilger   and g. moerkotte   function materialization in object bases k kemper proc . acm sigmod  
genetics of host-parasite interrelationships c person   g sidhu  see ref    
highly specific insulin assay reveals uniform insulin deficiency in non-insulin-dependent diabetics rc temple   ca carrington   sd luzio   dr owens   ae  lancet i    
java databse connectivity computerworld   c sliwa   
microsoft visual interdev k spencer   e vincentâ ? ¦  1998.0 
effect of provenance   sorting and weathering on the geochemistry of fluvial sands from different sb kroonenberg proc . 29th internat . geol . congr.   kyoto   japan   part a    
theglue-naildeductivedatabasesystem : design   implementation   and evaluation vldb journal   ma derr   s morishita   g phipps   
andâ ?? â ??   1993 : structure of a tropical convective system and associated vortex : a tamex case study bjd jou   ck yu proc . 26th int . radar  
improving transport layer performance by using a novel medium access control protocol in wireless proc . of acm y kwon   y fang   h latchman   
subdierentials of distance functions   approximations and enlargements . jp penot   r ratsimahalo    
encouraging work   reducing poverty g berlin   
restricted versus liberal water intake for preventing morbidity and mortality in preterm infants ef bell   mj acarregui cochrane database syst rev     2001.0 
indexing on air t imieliå?ski   s viswanathan   br badrinath  proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
loose synchronization of event-triggered networks for distribution of synchronous programs j romberg   a bauer proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;     2004.0 
evaluation and the federal decision maker . 1989.0 gl barkdoll   jb bellâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation    
analyzing and reducing the communication gap . hk jacobson 1979.0  new directions for higher education    
expression and the nature of emotion p ekman  approaches to emotion   1984.0 
mocha : a model checking tool that exploits design structure l de alfaro   r alur   r grosu   t henzinger   m kang    icse 01 : proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;    
mixed integer programming methods for computing nonmonotonic deductive databases journal of the acm ( jacm )   1994.0 c bell   a nerode   rt ng   vs subrahmanian   
the xyleme project s abiteboul   s cluet   g ferran   mc rousset  computer networks   2002.0 
the terasys massively parallel processor-in-memory array m gokhale   b holmes   k iobst  ieee computer    
hard times and hurtful partners : how financial strain affects depression and relationship ad vinokur   rh price   rd caplan journal of personality and social psychology     1996.0 
despite hoopla   poetry remains a hard sell . j webb san    
on preprocessing data for efficient classification h luâ ? ¦  proceedings of sigmod workshop on research issues on data & hellip ;    
sagas proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   hg molina   k salem   
reducing the braking distance of an sql query engine mj carey   d kossmann vldb   1998.0    
effects of surface treatment and corrosion on the peel strength of an electrodeposited epoxy resin j schultz  j. schultz and others   procs . 13 th and 14 th confs . & hellip ;   1975.0 
version management of composite objects in cad databases r ahmed   sb navathe   
hello   world ! a guide for transmitting multilingual electronic mail s au proceedings of the 23rd annual acm siguccs conference on & hellip ;   1995.0    
using a positivist case research methodology to test a theory about it-enabled business process s sarker   as lee    
health effects of air pollution episodes hr anderson see ref      
explicit expression of the parameter bias-error in identification of laguerre series from step a lecchini   m gevers  2002.0 
effects of the legitimacy of low group or individual status on individual and collective status - n ellemers   h wilke   a van knippenberg journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
overview of the jasmin database machine dh fishman   my lai   wk wilkinson proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1984.0    
a 200 plus seat restaurant and cafe facility was constructed at a cost of $ 2 012 764 i september   2003.0 
variable optical polarization in her x-1 ( abstract only ) pj hakala   j egonsson  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
250 ( 1998 ) 295 ; d. sornette   r. cont d sornette  j. phys . i    
reliable extraction of rf figures-of-merit for mos-fets proc . 29th eur . solid-state device res . conf . e vandamme   d schreurs   b nauwelaers   c van   
totem : a reliable ordered delivery protocol for interconnected local-area networks da agarwal   1995.0 
the archaeology of india 1982.0 dp agrawal   
nearest neighbor searching and applications s arya   1996.0 
fault-tolerant computers ensure reliable industrial controls jh wensley  electronic design    
why do people need self-esteem ? converging evidence that self-esteem serves an anxiety-buffering journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0 j greenberg   s solomon   t pyszczynski   a   
guanxi and its managerial implications for western firms in china : a case study wp wu  international conference on management issues for china in & hellip ;    
distributed transaction processing facilities acm press frontier series   az spector  1990.0 
flowering plants of the san benitos islands   baja california   mexico sa junak   r philbrick  proceedings of the fifth california islands symposium   2000.0 
van arbeidsgehandicapten   maart 1998   æ ? 31   -- gr jehoel-gijsbers   
a survey of current practice in aerospace software development r plant   p tsoumpas  information and software technology   1995.0 
das einen link zu einem programm oder dokument in e bild microsoft    
an architecture and data model for cad databases ap buchmann vldb   1985.0    
data compression for randomly addressed files d wilkes msc . thesis   department of computer science   university of    
intentional iron overdose in pregnancy-management and outcome t tran   jr wax   c philput   jd steinfeld   cj 2000.0  journal of emergency medicine    
vacuum-assisted closure versus saline-moistened gauze in the healing of postoperative diabetic foot sk mccallon   ca knight   jp valiulus   mw cunningham   
cytokine genotypes in allograft rejection : guidelines for immunosuppression 1998.0 iv hutchinson   d turner   d sankaran   m awad   v transplantation proceedings    
solid wastes p kollias  1993.0 
stochastic models for telecom commodity prices c kenyon   g cheliotis  computer networks   2001.0 
l : a subset of common lisp 1993.0 ra brooks   
union organization and changing demographics : a study about activism 1994.0 fe gapasin   
anefficientindexing technique for full-text database systems j zobel   sdr moffata proc 18th vldb conf    
an empirical analysis of function point adjustment factors cj lokan   
minocycline for acne vulgaris : efficacy and safety cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 se garner   ea eady   c popescu   j newton   a li wan   
user interface tools ba myers   dr olsen jr   jg bonar proceedings of acm    
badrinath   â ?? energy efficient indexing on airâ ?? proceedings sigmod   t imilienski   s vishwanathan   
partners   ( university of washington   woods hole oceanographic institute   jet propulsion laboratory   washington   seattle   n phase   
optimizing queries across diverse data sources h laura   hd kossmann   el wimmersâ ? ¦  ptoc . 23rd int . conf . on vety large data bases    
chordality properties on graphs and minimal conceptual connections in semantic data models g ausiello   ad ` atri   m moscarini  proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
do diverse juries aid or impede justice ? ks klein   td klastorin wisconsin law review     1999.0 
optimization of large join queries a swani   a gupta proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;      
access path support for referential integrity in sql2 the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   t hã $ rder   j reinert  1996.0 
becoming famous overnight : limits on the ability to avoid unconscious influences of the past ll jacoby   c kelley   j brown   j jasechko  journal of personality and social psychology    
a metrics system for quantifying operational coupling in embedded computer control systems proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 d chen   m tã ¶ rngren   
a highly linear cmos transconductor based on a current conveyor procs d python   cc enz   
considerations and methodology for the preparation of data files new directions for program evaluation   1984.0 jc fortune   jk mcbee   
staggered striping in multimedia information systems rr muntz   x ju acm sigmod    
eternal values for a changing society s ranganathananda 1971.0    
mocha : a self-extensibledatabase middleware system for distributed data sources manuel rodrä ± guez - cp universityofmaryland   
version modehng concepts for computer-aided destgn databases acm sigmod   r katz   e chang   r bhateja   
dlfferenhal files then apphcatlon to the mamtenance of large databases d severance   g l & man  acm trans on database systems l ( 3 )   sept    
realtime learning and control using asynchronous dynamic programmming ag baro   sj bradtke   sp singh technical report 91-57   university of massachusetts at amherst      
an approach to integrating and creating flexible software environments supporting the design of kl bellman   
some locally 3 { arc transitive graphs constructed from triality m giudici   ch li   ce praeger   
searching large lexicons for partially specified terms using compressed inverted files j zobel   r sacks-davis    
0 . shmueli . event specification in an active object-oriented database nh gehani   hv jagadish  proc . of the 1992 acm sigmod intl. conf on the management of  
estimating attributes : analysis and extensions of relief 1994.0 i kononenko lecture notes in computer science    
b2b e-commerce revisited : leading perspectives on the key issues and research directions i participants electronic markets   2002.0 
the mainstreetxpress 36190 : a scalable and highly reliable atm core services switch ep rathgeb computer networks     1999.0 
sagas h garcia-mohna   k salem proc acm sigmod conf   may    
recovery of high current arcs at higher voltages f unger-weber thesis   technical university braunschweig    
cost savings and collaboration drive b2b e-payments computerworld   m trombly   
fourth international conference on infrared physics ( cirp 4 ) fk kneubuhl   ts moss zurich   switzerland   22-26 aug. 1988   1988.0    
supplemental instruction in the content areas : humanities s zerger new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
the recovery of dielectric strength of sf and air h oohashi   jw spencer   gr jones  proc . 21st int . conf . phenomena in ionised gas    
ttp-a protocol for ft-rt systems h kopetz   g grunsteidl  ieee computer    
estimating models with sample selection bias : a survey the journal of human resources   1998.0 f vella   
changing responses to water resource problems in england and wales r cryer geography     1995.0 
pleistocene mammals of north america : columbia university press b kurtã © n   e anderson new york      
designing an ultra highly available dbms proceedings of acmsigmod conference   dallas   tx   may   o torbjornsen   s bratsberg   
airway management of aeromedically transported trauma patients . dj o'brien   df danzl   mb sowers   ea hooker journal of emergency medicine     1988.0 
pseudo-random sequences and arrays fj macwilliams   nja sloane  ieee   proceedings   1976.0 
exploiting prescriptive aspects : a design time capability proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 ja stankovic   p nagaraddi   z yu   z he   b ellis   
natural hazard evaluation   perception and adjustment geography   dj parker   dm harding   
improving higher education : the need for a broad view of assessment pj gray   rm diamond  new directions for higher education   1989.0 
planning appropriate cervical cancer control programs . c herdman   j sherris seattle   washington : path  
inhaled vs oral steroids for adults with chronic asthma b mash   a bheekie   pw jonesâ ? ¦ cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
scaling global internet networks 2000.0 a howcroft bt technology journal    
pulmonary venous air embolism following accidental patient laceration of a hemodialysis catheter - iy tien   mj drescher  journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
sagas h garcia-molian   k salem  proc . acm sigmod    
os agents : using ai techniques in the operating system environment o etzioni   hm levy   rb segal   ca thekkath seattle   washington   tech . rep. uw-cse-93-04-04   university & hellip ;     1993.0 
a rapidly moving small rock glacier at the lower limit of the mountain permafrost belt in the swiss a ikeda   n matsuoka   a kã $ ã $ b  8th international permafrost conference   zurich   switzerland    
some proposals for evaluating systems of components in dimension reduction problems d gervini   v rousson  2002.0 
masson ; 2004 . 352 pã ¡ gs fi barcelona   
minority-serving institutions : an overview new directions for higher education   1998.0 em o'brien   c zudak   
fads-a forms application development systela la rowe   ka shoens  acm sigmod    
on the design and implementation of information systems from deductive conceptual models a olive vldb   1989.0 
author : brooks pc proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   pc brooks  2002.0 
carbon and nitrogen compositions and physical characteristics of transition zone and lower mantle mt hutchison   p cartigny   jw harris  proc . int . kimberlite conf.   7th    
a method for interactive articulation of information requirements for strategic decision support l sun   k liu 2001.0  information & software technology    
new tasks for teachers : the changing personnel . new directions for higher education   re eckert  1973.0 
robert alexander falla ( 1901â ?? 1979 )   kbe   cmg   ma 1980.0 rk dell   
no. 1790 ; health and safety . 7kh 1rlvh dw : run 5hjxodwlrqv hmso london isbn   s instruments   
the clustra telecom database s hvasshovdâ ? ¦ 1995.0    
comparison of interface state density in mis structure using deduced dlts and terman measurements e rosenecher   d bois electronic letters    
asynchronous parallel branch and bound and anomalies a de bruin   gap kindervater   h trienekens  lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
quadratic optimal control of regular well-posed linear systems   with applications to parabolic 1998.0 js olof   
indian materia medica   vols 1 and 2 popular prakashan   bombay   india   km nadkarni   
appreciating diverse learners in the social studies classroom . children 's literature . t mcgowanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1995.0    
conceptual crossroads : methods and ethics in ethnographic evaluation dm fetterman  new directions for program evaluation   1986.0 
integration approaches for cim mc norrie   
the maple handbook d redfern 1993.0    
an integrated scheme for object-based video abstraction c kim   jn hwang    
siegel man ss & hellip ; the retroperitoneum . ct demonstration . j computassit tomogr   s greenstein   ek fishman   sl kaufman   s kadir   
remarks upon the law of complete radiation l rayleigh phil . mag    
the trillium user interface design environment da henderson jr acm sigchi bulletin   1986.0    
how to build a highly available system using consensus 1996.0 bw lampson lecture notes in computer science    
a process model for data bases j guyot sigmod record   1988.0    
fabrication and properties of n-channel sige/si modulation doped field-effect transistors grown by h daembkes   hj herzog   h jorke   h kibble   e kasper proc . int . electron devices meeting      
transitive closure algorithm memtc and its performance analysis v hirvisalo   e nuutila   e soisalon-soininen    
the ccube constraint object-oriented database system a brodsky   ve segal   j chen   pa exarkhopoulo constraints   1997.0 
incremental updates of inverted lists for text retrieval proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of data   minneapolis   a tomasic   h garcia-molina   k shoens   
modelling processes controlling metal leaching from contaminated and remediated soils rnj comans   jj dijkstra   jcl meeussen  d. halm & p. grathwohl ( 2003 ) proceedings 2nd workshop on & hellip ;    
design guidelines for user-friendly interface software sl smith   jw mosier   1984.0 
modeling tcp throughput : a simple model and its empirical validation   computer communication review j padhyeâ ? ¦ proc acm gicjcomm    
fortran 90 arrays r bernecky acm sigplan notices   1991.0    
from the ` new localism ` to the ` new regionalism ' ? the implications of regional development agencies for i deas   kg ward    
valuation implications of the components of earnings : cross-sectional evidence from greece a ballas   
digitalized signature and public-key functions as intractable as factorization . report no mo rabin   1979.0 
broadcast protocals to support efficient retrieval from database by mobile users d anindya   ev debra   c aslihan   k vijay  acm tods    
improvisational synthetic actors with flexible personalities . knowledge systems laboratory d rousseau   b hayes-roth stanford university   1997 . technical report  
the sociology of subcultures . do arnold 1970.0    
shibboleth : exploring cultural boundaries in speech proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 a senior   
integrating social studies with reading/language arts . ja levesque social studies and the young learner   1989.0    
multi-ported   single wet-well intake structure operation in a stratified reservoir se howington water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0    
case : guidelines for success dn wilson 1989.0  information and software technology    
redundant documents and search effectiveness proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   y bernstein   j zobel  2005.0 
application of low-current accelerators at the joint institute of nuclear research for simulating vs barashenkov   yppiv puzynin   an sosnin  at .  
bounds for the positive eigenvectors of nonnegative matrices and for their approximations by pj courtois   p semal journal of the acm ( jacm )   1984.0    
relations between mean doppler velocity and radar reflectivity factor ( ( for air motions during conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   pt willis  1984.0 
on the performance of internet worm scanning strategies cc zou   d towsley   w gong    
racism   conservatism   affirmative action   and intellectual sophistication : a matter of principled j sidanius   f pratto   l bobo journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
infer : a relational query language without the complexity of sql t mason   r lawrence proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
factors affecting the expression of trifluoroacetylated liver microsomal protein neoantigens in rats jg kenna   jl martin   h satoh   lr pohl   
diverse world of unconventional hydrogen bonds . nv belkova   es shubina   lm epstein acc . chem . res   2005.0    
psychological complexity of computer programs : an experimental methodology l weissman  acm sigplan notices   1974.0 
measurement and prediction of the verification cost of the design in a formalized methodology h robain   y albouy   m dabas   m descloitres   c information and software technology   1999.0 
model-based validation of an intrusion-tolerant information system f stevens   t courtney   s singh   a agbaria   jf  reliable distributed systems   2004 . proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;   2004.0 
electron microscopy sample preparation for the biological and physical sciences using focused ion la giannuzzi   bi prenitzer   jl drown-macdonald   tl 1998.0  at process    
supporting dynamic displays using active rules 1994.0   a jaime   nw paton sigmod record    
parallel functional languages and compilers 1991.0 bk szymanski   
rule representation and management in conceptbase m jarke 1989.0  sigmod record    
constrained cascade generalization of decision trees knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on   h zhao   s ram  2004.0 
memory management during run generation in external memory p larson   g graefe   
serving culturally diverse populations : a social imperative for adult and continuing education . jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education   1990.0    
a viewpoint dependent stereoscopic display using interpolation of multi-viewpoint images a katayama   k tanaka   t oshino   h tamura proc . spie   1995.0    
acute tracheal rupture related to endotracheal intubation : case report-a sign of tracheomalacia journal of emergency medicine   r harris   a joseph  2000.0 
facet ' - face gears in aerospace transmissions european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   a caruso   c gorla  1999.0 
a study of high precision servo-spindle for hard gear finishing machines t emura   a arakawa   m hashitani proc . int . conf . advanced mechatronics    
improving oltp data quality using data warehouse mechanisms m jarke   c quix   g blees   d lehmann   g michalk  sigmod conference   1999.0 
pricing internet services : approaches and challenges lw mcknight   j boroumand    
doxapram versus methylxanthine for apnea in preterm infants dj henderson-smart   p steer cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
structural convergence of mood and personality : evidence for old and new directions 1989.0 gj meyer   jr shack journal of personality and social psychology    
optimizing queries across diverse data sources vldb   lm haas   d kossmann   el wimmers   j yang  1997.0 
the mental representation of stereotypes and its implications for stereotype development and jw sherman  1994.0 
microsoft word version 2002 plain & simple j joyce   m moon  2001.0 
secure statistical databases with random sample queries acm transactions on database systems   de denning  1980.0 
the indian monsoon . part 2 : the rains go ` hare geography   1997.0 
comment on a note on dynamic arrays in pascal n wirth acm sigplan notices     1976.0 
concluding remarks on learning in isolated neuronal structures en sokolov   aod willows brain and behav   proc . 28th intern . congr   physiol . sci.   & hellip ;      
non-specification-based approaches to logic testing for software n kobayashi   t tsuchiya   t kikuno   
the indian monsoon ii : the rains go ` hare geography    
an efficient indexing technique for full-text database systems j zobel   a moffat   r sacks-davis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1992.0    
data and knowledge base research at hong kong university of science and technology p. drew   b. d lee   q li   f lochovsky   cd shum   b wuthrich 1995.0  sigmod record    
access support in object bases a kemper   g moerkotte    
partial order models for quantitative extensions of lotos . e brinksma   jp katoen   r langerak   d latella  computer networks   1998.0 
sagas proc . of acm sigmod   intl conference on management of data   hg monila   k salem   
unified management of memory and file caching using the v virtual memory system dr cheriton submitted for publication      
a performance study of the cambridge ring gs blair  computer networks    
synchronisation in data networks ts brown   mj gilson   mg mason bt technology journal   1998.0    
optimization of large join queries : proc a swami   a gupta acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data   pp    
untersuchungen zur rã 1/4 ckstandsproblematik in bienenhonig im rahmen der varroatosebekã $ mpfung i kary   1987.0 
mechanisms of ampicillin resistance in haemophilus influenzae from respiratory tract sm bell   d plowman lancet i     1980.0 
0 . shmueli . event specification in an object-oriented database nh gehani   hv jagadish proceedings   international conference on management of  
the nu-prolog deductive database system halstead artificial intelligence series   1989.0 k ramamohanarao   j shepherd   i balbin   g port   l   
continuity and change in the restless urban landscape ek wyly economic geography     1999.0 
time bounded random access machines sa cook   ra reckhow 1972.0  proceedings of the fourth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;    
reliable network connections proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on vc zandy   bp miller   
others   schema and database evolution in the o 2 object database system f ferrandina   t meyer   r zicari  proc . vldb ( sep. .  
impact of river basin management on the baltic sea : ecological and economical implications of g schernewski   t neumann   
mis group regains end user 's confidence . 1982.0 j bartimo computerworld.    
australian managers ' perceptions   attitudes and use of information technology 1996.0 gj o'brien   wd wilde information and software technology    
developing and applying useful financial indicators . new directions for higher education   df finn  1979.0 
a flexible new technique for camera calibration [ r ] . microsoft research z zhang microsoft corporation   technical report msr-tr-98-71   march  
asynchronous iterative methods for multiprocessors gm baudet journal of the acm ( jacm )     1978.0 
residency-trained emergency physicians : their demographics   practice evolution   and attrition from journal of emergency medicine   kn hall   ma wakeman  1999.0 
application of antenna arrays to mobile communications   part ii : beam-forming and direction-of - lc godara  1997.0 
innovatory activity in spanish firms : regular versus occasional patterns j molero   m buesa   
recent bt patents bt technology journal   pc smythe  1998.0 
the value of a ged in a choice-based experimental sample g cave   j bos  1994.0 
positrons in solids p hautojarvi  1979.0 
proposed variations to the territory plan fb club   
experimental optical fibre digital pulse-position modulation system nm calvert   mjn sibley   rt unwin electronic letters     1988.0 
molecular genetics of amyloid neuropathy in europe ij holt   ae harding   l middleton   g chrysostomou   lancet i     1989.0 
physical pharmacy   3 rded . ( indian ed . ) a martin   j swarbrick   a cammerata  1991.0 
detection of anticardiolipin antibody in patients with cocaine abuse . 1991.0 ga fritsma   jb leikin   aj maturen   cj froelich   do journal of emergency medicine    
concurrent maintenance of skip lists   university of maryland at college park   college park w pugh  md    
challenges   rewards   and costs for feminist and ethnic minority scholars p bronstein  new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
mathematical methods : what we need and donâ ?? t need dl parnas ieee computer      
fas-induced apoptosis   and diseases caused by its abnormality genes to cells   s nagata  1996.0 
equivalence of views by query capacity ct connors 1985.0  proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;    
2-d fluid transport simulations of gaseous/radiative divertors td rognlien   pn brown   rb campbell   tb kaiser contributions to plasma physics   1994.0 
comparison of cmos pla and polycell representations of control logic cm gerveshi proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
microbioengineering : microbe capture and detection proceedings of the 23rd annual international conference of & hellip ;   c lloyd   hy mason   m dice   c estes   a duncan   b   
assessing the prospects for liberal learning and careers . cs green iii   r salem new directions for teaching and learning     1988.0 
allometric growth and the beverton and holt yield equation & hellip ; institute   university of washington   seattle   washington   gj paulik   le gales   
foxbox : a system for manipulating symbolic objects in black box representation . o. gloor   editor   a diaz   e kaltofen  1998.0 
case standard comes overseas for unix arena . computerworld   a cortese   
dpf : fast   flexible packet demultiplexing dr engler   mf kaashoek  proceedings of acm  
progress in crystal physics ( s. viswanathan   madras   1958 ) vol . rs krishnan   
plumage coloration as a signal of social status jc senar  proc . int . ornithol . congr    
defects in spinel crystals grown by the verneuil process mh lewis phil . mag      
sharing the costs of higher education . student financial assistance in the united kingdom   the db johnstone   1986.0 
recent bt patents bt technology journal   ad ellis  1997.0 
data model for extensible support of explicit relationships in design databases j peckham   b mackellar   m doherty the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;     1995.0 
exercise for osteoarthritis of the hip or knee m fransen   s mcconnell   m bell cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
braking performance simulation for a tractor-semitrailer vehicle with an air brake system 2002.0 mw suh   yk park   sj kwon proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;    
neoral absorption profiling : an evolution in effectiveness p belitsky   ga levy   a johnston transplantation proceedings   2000.0    
p-integral bases of a quartic field defined by a trinomial s alaca submitted for  
shostak 's congruence closure as completion d kapur lecture notes in computer science   1997.0    
ein morphologisches multiskalenverfahren zur segmentierung medizinischer bilder procs bvm   c thies   v metzler   t lehmann   t aach   
in search of software maintenance productivity and quality : does software complexity matter ? proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1994.0 rd banker   sa slaughter   
principles of quality costs . ( 3 rded . ) milwaukee   wisconsin : asq quality press 1999.0 j campanella   
optimization methods for minimum power bidirectional topology construction in wireless networks with submitted for ak das   rj marks   m el-sharkawi   a gray   
emotions : a general psychoevolutionary theory r plutchik  approaches to emotion   1984.0 
on the einstein   rosen   podolski paradox . js bell physics i    
shin ` ichi satoh   the sr-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional nearest neighbor queries n katayama proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference    
a fast two-stage algorithm for computing pagerank and its extensions cpc lee   gh golub   sa zenios   
analysis of multi-link flexible manipulators via asymptotic expansions f khorrami   
seahorses : an identification guide to the world 's species and their conservation . 224pp sa lourie   acj vincent   hj hall  isbn    
an investigation of current language support for the data requirements of structured programming   j aiello  1974.0 
microservers : a new memory semantics for massively parallel computing proc int conf supercomputing   1999.0 jb brockman   pm kogge   vw freeh   sk kuntz   tl   
a performance evaluation of the gamma database machine d dewitt   s ghandeharizadeh   d schneider proc . of acm sigmod      
& national health and nutrition examination survey iii : weighting and estimation methodology '   westat md   l mohadjer   j montaquila   j waksberg   b bell   p   
beta2-agonists for acute bronchitis ( cochrane review ) j smucny   c flynn   l becker   r glazier cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
composite materials for electronic functions ddl chung  2000.0 
a tcp-friendly rate adjustment protocol for continuous media flows over best effort networks proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;   1999.0 j padhye   j kurose   d towsley   r koodli   
graph based multi-modality learning h tong   j he   m li   c zhang   wy ma proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
effects of cattle grazing systems on willow-dominated plant associations in central oregon bl kovalchik   w elmore mcarthur   d. bedunah   and cl wambolt   compilers . proceedings & hellip ;      
the scattering of î ± and î ² particles by matter and the structure of the atom e rutherford phil . mag   1911.0 
the dielectric properties of wood and wood-polymer composite ( wpc ) containing moisture at low t handa   m fukuoka   s yoshizawa   y hashizume   m proceedings of the 23rd japan congress on materials research & hellip ;      
crackdown on software pirates . 1990.0 j mason computerworld.    
recent bt patents mj adams 1997.0  bt technology journal    
susceptibility to metals and radical-inducing chemicals of metallothionein-null mice m satoh   c tohyama  see ref    
office blogger 2005.0 b erol   jj hull proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
the r + - trees : a dynamic index for multidimensional objects [ j ] in proc . of intl conf . on very large databases ( vldb )   tk sellis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos   
voice   control   and procedural justice : instrumental and noninstrumental concerns in fairness ea lind   r kanfer   pc earley journal of personality and social psychology    
a class of rapidly converging algorithms for learning automata   '' ieee int mal thathachar   ps sastry  conf . on cybernetics & society   bombay   india    
rulemanagement inobject orienteddatabases : auniform approach o diaz   n paton   p gray  procs . of the int &#39; l. conf . on very large data bases vldb   & hellip ;    
exploring internalized oppression and healing strategies 2002.0 p rosenwasser new directions for adult and continuing education    
the evolutionary cost of learning g mayley   
requirements for a composition language lecture notes in computer science   o nierstrasz   td meijler  1995.0 
exploring computer-generated line graphs through virtual touch w yu   r ramloll   s brewster    
high resolution aerodynamic analysis of full helicopter configurations sg voutsinas   dg triantos european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
distributed transactions in practice . sigmod record   acms anthology  1999.0 
the cap framework for business process modeling information and software technology   p keith   
aâ ?? n alrorithm for mutual exclusion in distributed systems m maekawa    
faculty unionism and university governance . hl mason 1974.0  new directions for higher education    
view-based query processing for regular path queries with inverse d calvanese   g de giacomo   m lenzerini   my vardi    
durable goods and the wealth distribution unpublished manuscript   a dä ± az   mj luengo-prado  2002.0 
y. vardi   rewriting of regular expressions and regular path queries d calvanese   g degiacomo   m lenzeriniandm proc . of the 18th acm sigact sigmod sigart symp . on  
a performance study of power-saving polices for wi-fi hotspots computer networks   g anastasi   m conti   e gregori   a passarella  2004.0 
a typology of deviant workplace behaviors : a multidimensional scaling study sl robinson   rj bennett the academy of management journal   1995.0    
join queries with external text sources : execution and optimization techniques sigmod conference   1995.0 s chaudhuri   u dayal   tw yan   
field report s jejeebhoy bombay      
inp solar cells grown by gas-source molecular beam epitaxy ( abstract only ) jp zibin   k rakennus   k tappura   g zhang   j oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
why xml matters bz gottesman  pc magazine    
faloutsos   â ?? the r + - tree : a dynamic index for multi-dimensional objects   â ?? r sellis proc . 13th international conference on very large data  
assessment of pain management skills in emergency medicine residents : the role of a pain education jb jones journal of emergency medicine     1999.0 
s. & badrinath   br ( 1994 ) . energy efficient indexing on air tv imielinski proceedings of the acm conference on management of data (    
the adjustment of the drachma exchange rates 1953.0 k varvaressos   
the connectivity server : fast access to linkage information on the web 1998.0 k bharat   az broder   mr henzinger   p kumar   s www7 / computer networks    
8051 å ? ® æ ? ¶ ç ?? å ?? ç ?? è ?? å ¯ ¦ ä 1/2 ?   2000 : å ® ? å ?? å ?? æ ? ¸ é ¦ ¬ å ?? å ® ? ï 1/4 ? è ¬ ? æ 3/4 ? æ 1/4 cents ï 1/4 ? ç ?? ç ? 3/4   
a novel microstirrer and arrays for microfluidic mixing l lu   k ryu   c liu see ref    
software pipelining : a comparison and improvement rb jones   vh allan   
n-2-butylcyanoacrylate : risk of bacterial contamination with an appraisal of its antimicrobial 1995.0 jv quinn   mh osmond   ja yurack   pj moir journal of emergency medicine    
support for temporal data by complex objects w kaefer   n ritter   h schoening vldb   1990.0    
alignment analysis s larsen   r rugina   s amarasinghe technical report lcstm-605   massachusetts institute of  
algorithms for adapting materialised views in data warehouses codas   mk mohania   g dong   
an extensible object-oriented approach to databases for cad/vlst proceeding ~ of the 11th vldb conference   vldb endowment   h afsarmanesh   d knapp   d mcleod   a parker   
quantum chromodynamics w greiner   a schaefer  1994.0 
implementation approaches for reconfigurable logic applications bl hutchings   mj wirthlin lecture notes in computer science   1995.0    
progression to regular marijuana involvement : phenomenology and risk factors for near-daily use vulnerability to drug abuse   db kandel   m davies   
high sample throughput with rapid microsampling flow injection icp-ms 1993.0 er denoyer   a stroch   q lu   
a first experimental study of a dynamic transitive closure algorithm t miller   c zaroliagis    
on the definition of functional dependencies in xml submitted to acm transactions on internet technology   2004.0 mw vincent   j liu   c liu   m mohania   
avoiding retrival contention for composite multimedia objects s chaudhuri   s ghandeharizadeh   c shahabi proceedings of the 2ith vldb conference   zurich   swizerland    
the execube approach to massively parallel processing proc . intâ ?? l conf . parallel pm kogge   
r. impagliazzo   t. pitassi   and s. rudich   reducing the complexity of reductions m agrawal   e allender  proc . 29th acm symposium on theory of computing ( 1997 )  
implementing macros in your help files 1993.0 r duncan pc magazine    
a proposed classification scheme for computer program libraries j bolstad 1975.0  acm signum newsletter    
querying in highly mobile distributed environments . in 18 thintl t imielinski   br badrinath conference on very large databases    
bilingual education : linguistic and sociolinguistic bases d hymes see ref      
system testing : implications of requirements specifications a davis information and software technology    
power generation from renewables in ladakhã?status and prospects s maithelâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 23rd national renewable energy  
vips : a visionbased page segmentation algorithm d cai   s yu   jr wen   wy ma    
the fourth district addressed a road impact fee ordinance that was imposed by palm beach county upon id . i hollvwood   
4.2 bsd unix security & hellip ; .   university of california   santa barbara   april   av discolo   
incremental maintenance of nested relational views j liu   mw vincent   m mohania    
energy and economic considerations for ex situ aqueous mineral carbonation wk oâ ?? connor   dc dahlin   ge rush   sj gerdemann   proc . 29th international technical conference on coal & hellip ;      
sf . chang quad-tree segmentation for texture-based image query in jr smith proc . acm  
some broad-band transformers cl ruthroff proc . ire      
fourth edition   1999 p hall   
violence in health care : what nurse managers need to know p elliott    
recent design trade-offs in sql3 n mattos   lg demichiel  sigmod record   1994.0 
direct diode laser welding of aerospace alloys sw williams   g scott   nj calder  laseropto-stuttgart -   2001.0 
human factors comparison of a procedural and a nonprocedural query language acm transactions on database systems   c welty   dw stemple  1981.0 
biologically based analysis of lung cancer incidence in a large canadian occupational cohort with wd hazelton   jm zielinski   jp ashmore   d krewski     2002.0 
on the construction of pseudo-random permutations : luby-rackoff revisited   journal of cryptology   extended abstract was published in proc . 29th acm symp . on & hellip ;   m naor   o reingold   
online scaling in a highly available database se bratsberg   r humborstad proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0 
personal conversation san diego   california   c ballinger   
online superpage promotion revisited ( poster session ) z fang   l zhang   j carter   s mckee   w hsieh proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;      
landfill gas in use as a fuel for process firing and power generation mg robinson proceedings of d. & e. conference on land-fill gas : energy & & hellip ;      
the brunei reading and language acquisition project sm ng international journal of educational research     2001.0 
cultivating the grass roots : why local government matters hjb allen   1990.0 
content integration for e-business m stonebraker   jm hellerstein   
binary translation to improve energy efficiency through post-pass register re-allocation k zhang   t zhang   s pande proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0    
cross-cultural consensus in personality judgments 1997.0 l albright   te malloy   q dong   da kenny   x fang   l journal of personality and social psychology    
evaluating bioavailability of neutral organic chemicals in sediments : a confined disposal facility ju clarke   va mcfarland   j dorkin 1988.0  water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;    
an evaluation paradigm for cumulative impact analysis ez stakhiv 1988.0  environmental management    
simulation model of sequential multichannel network and its throughput determination 1989.0 rl brewster   am glass electronic letters    
using witness generators to support bi-directional update between object-based databases tp chang   r hull    
an ultra highly available dbms so hvasshovd   se bratsberg   o torbjoernsen   
no-cost ad blocking ; pac files are even better than hosts files for blocking web site ads s canter pc magazine      
fenton chemistry revisited c walling acc . chem . res      
nbs primary calibration facilities for air flow rate kr bensonâ ? ¦ air speed   and slurry flow   procs . of the american gas & hellip ;      
some remarks on a paper by adiba   et . al. on '' issues in distributed data base management systems : a h schneider conf . on vldb proceedings supplement : panelists &#39; statements   & hellip ;      
scaling from species to vegetation : the usefulness of functional groups c koerner ecological studies   1993.0    
personal need for structure : individual differences in the desire for simple structure sl neuberg   jt newsom journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0    
tools for design of composite web services r hull   j su proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0    
massively multiplayer on-line role-playing games and real life relationships ( undergraduate term a benesovska  seattle : university of washington    
expressions for batched searching of sequential and hierarchical files acm transactions on database systems   p palvia  1985.0 
transforming growth factors from neoplastic and nonneoplastic tissues 1983.0 ab roberts   ca frolik   ma anzano   mb sporn fed proc    
an application for process regulation and process control nr sripada   dg fisher   aj morris iee proceedings-d    
designing an alpha microprocessor m reilly   
persistent organochlorine pollutants and elements determined in tissues of rough-toothed dolphins ( md   jr kucklick   pr becker   wdj struntz   ea mackey   bj   
kinetics of complexation of î ² - cyclodextrin with molecules confined in a single oil droplet submitted to e meyer   mf islam   w lau   hd ou-yang   
architecture matters : the rebirth of public discussion r ozzie  2002.0 
patient satisfaction with pain management does not correlate with initial or discharge vas pain 2000.0 am kelly journal of emergency medicine    
evolving fuzzy neural networks : theory and applications for on-line adaptive prediction   decision & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems   n kasabov  1998.0 
performance enhancements to a relational database system m stonebraker   j woodfill   j ranstrom   m murphy   m acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
grobner bases t becker   v weispfenning   h kredel  1993.0 
a comparison ofmechanismsforimprovingmobileiphandofflatencyforendto-end tcp proc . acm r hsieh   a ansseneviratne   
amalgamating knowledge bases   iii : distributed mediators journal of cooperative information systems   dec   s adal   vs subrahmanian   
status of the 118 ghzâ ?? 0.5 mw-quasi cw gyrotron for tore supra and tcv tokamaks proceedings of the 23rd international conference on infrared & hellip ;   c tran   e giguet   p thouvenin   p garin   m pain   s   
collective-individual development in a fifth grade bilingual class : an interactional ethnographic lag putney 1997.0    
on scheduling atomic and composite multimedia objects c shahabi   s ghandeharizadeh   s chaudhuri   
reliable surface reconstruction from multiple range images a hilton   aj stoddart   j illingworth   t windeatt  lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
ode : object database & environment r agrawal   nh gehani  acm international conference on management of data    
noncompliance in organ transplant recipients 1989.0 m rovelli   d palmeri   e vossler   s bartus   d hull   transplant proc    
benzo-pyrones for reducing and controlling lymphoedema of the limbs 2004.0 c badger   n preston   k seers   p mortimer cochrane database syst rev    
die das ergebnis einer katalytischen reaktion beeinflussen : js johnson   da evans b fr nichtkoordinierende liganden  acc . chem . res    
timber-a sophisticated relationalbrowser msj kalash  proc . intl. conf . on very large data bases    
effect of some insect growth regulators on rodolia cardinalis ( mulsant ) ( coleoptera : coccinellidae )   m loia   g viggiani  proc . int . soc . citriculture    
in vivo bromodeoxyuridine incorporation in human gastric cancer : a study on formalin-fixed and m danova   a riccardi   s brugnatelli   r fiocca   m  the histochemical journal   1988.0 
transition metal-catalyzed/mediated reaction of allenes with a nucleophilic functionality connected s ma acc . chem . res   2003.0 
processing xml streams with deterministic automata tj green   g miklau   m onizuka   d suciu lecture notes in computer science     2003.0 
a tour of unifypow : a sas macro for sample-size analysis rg oâ ?? brien proceedings of the 23rd sas users group international  
distributed dbms means cost   trouble js bozman  computerworld    
domain specific embedded compilers d leijen   e meijer    
locust control with metarhizium flavoviride : new approaches in the development of a biopreparation d stephan   m welling   g zimmerman see ref      
performance : the need for an in-depth view acm press frontier series   1990.0 hf jordan   
der sich im besonderen um den mechanismus kã 1/4 mmert : c. amatore   a. jutand e ã?bersichtsartikel  acc . chem . res    
the hipac project : combining active databases and timing constraints udbba buchmann   u chakravarthy   mhrld mccarthy    sigmod record   1988.0 
the effect of haloperidol in cocaine and amphetamine intoxication . rw derlet   te albertson   p rice journal of emergency medicine   1990.0    
the bay of bengal monsoon cs ramage proc . of seminar at bombay . bombay   india    
vv andramanov   vn demenyuk   and vv migunov at . energy   lf belovodskii   vk gaevoi   vi grishmanovskii   
a new approach to pricing and hedging options with transaction costs tl lai   tw lim 2002.0    
the process specification language ( psl ) : overview and version 1.0 specification . nistir 6459   c schlenoff   m gruninger   f tissot   j valois   j   
quantitative design and evaluation of enhancement/thresholding edge detectors 1979.0 ie abdou   wk pratt ieee   proceedings    
sensorless force reflecting teleoperation for low cost web-interfaced systems r oboe   s piovan   
k 4-free subgraphs of random graphs revisited s gerke   hj promel   t schickinger   a steger   a  submitted for publication    
the accountability litmus test : long-term performance improvement with contained costs bn albright new directions for higher education     1995.0 
the influence of size and life cycle duration of a lunar base on its logistics cost hh koelle  technical university berlin   ilr mitt    
external perfect hashing proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   pa larson   mv ramakrishna  1985.0 
did welfare reform have an effect : an analysis of entry   exits   and employment in philadelphia . c michalopoulos   ls richburg-hayes  new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
off the beaten path : some creative approaches to adult learning mc clark new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
molekulare analyse des sexpeptidgens aus drosophila melanogaster d styger   1992.0 
conceptual modeling and specification generation for b2b business process based on ebxml . sigmod record   hd kim  2002.0 
d. kossmann . el wimmers . and j. yang . optimizing queries across diverse data sources l haas proceedings of international conference on very large    
reliable computing systems 1978.0 b randell lecture notes in computer science    
histamine immunohistochemistry : a new and highly sensitive method for studying cutaneous mast cells o johansson   m virtanen   m hilliges   q yang  the histochemical journal   1992.0 
experimental status of electroweak interactions a blondel    
the gdl cookbook d nicholson-cole    
jh : content integration for e-business acm sigmod m stonebraker   
tissue adhesive wound repair revisited jp noordzij   pa foresman   gt rodeheaver   jv quinn journal of emergency medicine     1994.0 
the datacycle architecture for very large high throughput database systems g herman   g gopal   k lee   a weinrib proc . acm sigmod conf    
key strategy and coordination problem c wen   h bin   z yingli   y chunyan & hellip ; of the 3rd international conference on management . beijing : & hellip ;      
fads - a form application development system sigmod conference   la rowe   ka shoens   
monetary policy trade-offs in the open economy ce walsh unpublished manuscript     1999.0 
mocha : a self-extensible database middleware system for distributed data sources m rodriguez    
research issues in databases for arcs : active rapidly changing data systems 1994.0 a datta sigmod record    
efficient processing of regular path joins using pid 2003.0 j kim   hj kim information and software technology    
bronchodilators for the prevention and treatment of chronic lung disease in preterm infants gy ng   a ohlsson cochrane database syst rev    
independent and cumulative yields of neutron-rich nuclei in symmetric fission induced by p and d on m leino   pp jauho   j aysto   p decrock   p dendooven  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
event specification in an active object-oriented database nh gehani   hv jagadish   o shmueli    
asynchronous nested transactions for mult-tier applications r karoui   m saheb    
hierarchical clustering of www image search results using visual   textual and link information d cai   x he   z li   wy ma   jr wen proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
the new landscape c correa 1985.0    
syracuse university : a systematic approach to curriculum and faculty development . rm diamond new directions for higher education   1976.0 
the statistical adjustment of data we deming   
exploring browser design trade-offs using a dynamical model of optimal information foraging p pirolli    
organizational charts really do matter . m schrage computerworld    
the datacycle architecture for very high throughput database systems proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1987.0 g herman   kc lee   a weinrib   
uber den reservekohlenhydratestoffwechsel von saccharomyces cerevisiae m kã 1/4 enzi  1970.0 
optimal file designs and reorganization points acm transactions on database systems   1982.0 ds batory   
research issues in spatial database systems o guenther   a buchmann sigmod-record   acm      
non-malleable cryptography   '' dd ddn   c dwork   m naor  proceedings of the  
ss lam reliable group re-key : a performance analysis in yr yang   xs li   xb zhang proceedings of acm  
implementation of a knowledge-based software development environment ns barghouti   ge kaiser  proc . 21st annual hawaii intâ ?? l conf on systems sciences   & hellip ;    
the vienna development method : the meta-language lecture notes in computer science   d bjã ¸ rner   cb jones  1978.0 
recent bt patents ide videlo bt technology journal   2000.0 
compensation-based on-he cpery processing v srinivasan   mj carey ptoc . acm sigmod    
object-oriented extensions in sql3 : a status report kg kulkarni sigmod conference   1994.0    
edge colorings and total colorings of integer distance graphs a kemnitz   m marangio    
money and search with enduring relationships unpublished manuscript   d corbae   j ritter   
spinal trauma : new guidelines for assessment and management in the out-of-hospital environment 1998.0 cj mattera journal of emergency nursing    
positivism vs minimalism in deductive databases proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 n bidoit   r hull   
accommodating imprecision in database systems : issues and solutions a motro  sigmod record   1990.0 
management of physical replicas in parallel multimedia in information systems s ghandeharizadeh   c shahabi  proceedings of the 4th international conference on & hellip ;   1993.0 
optimization-based verification and stability characterization of piecewise affine and hybrid a bemporad   fd torrisi   m morari  lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
motives for multiple open-market repurchase programs m jagannathan   c stephens    
performance evaluation of algorithms for transitive closure r kabler   ye ioannidis   mj carey  information systems   1992.0 
requirements organization approach for object-based construction of software systems information and software technology   dj chen   pj lee   sk huang  1992.0 
the changing map of american poverty in an era of economic restructuring and political realignment . economic geography   1997.0 je kodras   
split-transactions for open-ended activities g kaiser   c pu   n hutchinson proc . of the 14th vldb  
india wins freedom : an autobiographical narrative a azad   1959.0 
functional programming in c++ proceedings of the fifth acm sigplan international & hellip ;   2000.0 b mcnamara   y smaragdakis   
ems response at a hazardous material incident : some basic guidelines . dm plante   js walker 1989.0  journal of emergency medicine    
the demarcation protocol : a technique for maintaining constraints in distributed database systems d barbarã ¡ - millã ¡   h garcia-molina  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
the development of grounded genres in multimedia messaging systems ( mms ) among mobile professionals r ling   t julsrud    
scurvy identified in the emergency department : a case report journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 r stephen   t utecht   
os support for vldbs : unix enhancements for the teradata data base 1995.0 j catozzi   s rabinovici proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
on searching transposed files ds batory acm transactions on database systems   1979.0    
the use of guidelines in interface design : practical design methods l tetzlaff   dr schwartz proceedings of acm chiâ ?? & hellip ;    
averaging rules and adjustment processes : the role of averaging in inference ll lopes  university of wisconsin    
the need for education in useful formal logic d gries ieee computer      
das management-audit : wie fit sind ihre fã 1/4 hrungskrã $ fte-faz-inst . fã 1/4 r management -   markt-und j samland   
special report : quantum cryptography arrives c metz pc magazine      
seismotectonics of the elsinore-temecula trough   elsinore fault zone   southern california ag hull 1990.0    
the sr-tree : an index structure for high-dimensional nearest neighbor queries 1997.0 n katayama   
using referential integrity to easily define consistent subset replicas b hammond  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
why companies go green : a model of ecological responsiveness 2000.0 p bansal   k roth academy of management journal    
quantitative measurements of preferred orientation in rolled uranium bars gb harris phil . mag      
distributions of query plan costs for large join queries technical report rj7908   ibm almaden research center   san jose   a swami   
procedural skills in medicine : linking theory to practice g kovacs  journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
parity-based loss recovery for reliable multicast transmission d towsleyâ ? ¦    
a simulation study of winnow and related learning algorithms unpublished manuscript   n littlestone   c mesterharm   
soul of omega : design and implementation of an object-based modeling environment for geoscientific kkh park  1994.0 
servicios unix para pcs basadas en dos pc k christian   
consequences of diverse reproductive strategies in marine invertebrates gl eckert 1999.0    
controlling the adaptive suspension vehicle te bihari   tm walliser   mr patterson   
parity-based loss recovery for reliable multicast communication j nonnenmacher   e biersack   d towsley proc . of acm  
loading a cache with query results lm haas proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 
scaling up output capacity and performance results from information systems prototypes . jc westland acm transactions on database systems   1990.0    
on the marriage of lp-norms and edit distance l chen   r ng proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2004.0 
p ^ * time : highly scalable oltp dbms for managing update-intensive stream workload proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 sk cha   c song   
radiofrequency denervation for neck and back pain . a systematic review of randomized controlled cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 l niemisto   e kalso   a malmivaara   s seitsalo   h   
testing for cointegration with transaction costs : the case of the law of one price t mastroyiannis   je pippenger   
packing of three copies of a digraph into the transitive tournament m pilsniak   
digital coach : a computerized exercise system f hoffman   p jennings   f vogt technical paper   ibm almaden research center : not published      
â ?? improving round-trip estimates in reliable transport protocols p karn   c partridge  proceedings of acm sigcomm    
isolation of protoplast in citrus proc . int . soc . citriculture   a vardi   
the cytochemistry of glycoconjugates in the planum nasolabial gland of the goat as studied by a tsukise   w meyer   o fujimori   k yamada  the histochemical journal   1988.0 
a query language for manipulating object-oriented databases   '' am alashqur   syw su   h lam proceedings of the fifth international conference on vldb   & hellip ;    
isomorphisms and traversability of directed path graphs h broersma   x li   
embedding data mappers with distributed memory machine compilers 1993.0 r ponnusamy   j saltz   r das   c koelbel   a acm sigplan notices    
controlling information exchange in distributed bayesian networks j shen   v lesser   n carver    
a vaccine purchase commitment : cost-effectiveness estimates and pricing guidelines . unpublished manuscript   r glennerster   m kremer   
sleepers andworkaholicscaching strategiesinmobile environments d barbara   t imielinski proc . of acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
the damped double inverted pendulum : poles   zeros and symbolic controllability systems science-wroclaw -   pj larcombe   fj brufton   dg sbarbaro  1996.0 
the rationalization of the organizational meeting : implications of group support systems for power   d clapper   p prasad proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1993.0    
is environmental degradation causing drought in the sahel ? an assessment from recent empirical m hulme geography    
determination of air brake adjustment from air pressure data ld kandt   pg reinhall   rr scheibe proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;     2001.0 
users remaining loyal despite frame-relay hype kx girard computerworld      
unsteady phenomena   hypersonic flows and co-operative flow visualization in aerospace research hg pagendarm    
energy efficiency indexing on air t imielinski   s viswanathan   br badrinath proceedings of the international conference on sigmod    
querying in highly mobile distributed environments i tomasz   r badrinath  8 thinternational conference on very large databases    
ethical social index numbers sr chakravarty 1990.0    
referential integrity cj date 1981.0  vldb    
object equality profiling d marinov    
scholarly monographs : why would i want to publish electronically ? 2000.0 cj armstrong electronic library    
adverse selection in fourth generation networks : quality of service for entertainment id constantiou   e rodina   gc polyzos    
the need for asynchronous distributed transactions l do   p ram   p drew  proceedings of acm sigmod conference   philadelphia    
alli : an information integration system based on active logic framework aa barfourosh   hrm nezhad   m anderson   d perlis  & hellip ; of the third international conference on management & hellip ;    
the search for possible craters for martian meteorite alh84001 ng barlow proc . 28th lunar planet . sci . conf      
a ph. d to be published by the department of civil engineering r peuhkuri  technical university of denmark    
the voice of the customer : innovative and useful research directions se madnick    
tools for information system dynamics management c rolland   s leifert   c richard very large data bases   1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ;     1979.0 
the logical data model 1993.0 gm kuper   my vardi acm transactions on database systems    
corticosteroids or acth for acute exacerbations in multiple sclerosis cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 g filippini   f brusaferri   wa sibley   a citterio     
vibrational spectroscopies for adsorbed species p hollis   j pritchard bell      
a comparison of two approaches to a class of japanese constructions n hasegawa ms. university of washington   seattle   washington      
an object-based taxonomy for distributed computing systems be martin   ch pedersen   j bedford-roberts   
from software user to software author : an initial pedagogy for introductory object-oriented 1996.0 m woodman   s holland acm sigcue outlook    
gathering data for the improvement of teaching : what do i need and how do i get it ? . kg lewis 1991.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
empowering teachers as colleagues : the yale-new haven teachers institute . jr vivian new directions for teaching and learning     1985.0 
data mining-based intrusion detectors : an overview of the columbia ids project sj stolfo   w lee   pk chan   w fan   e eskin sigmod record     2001.0 
implications for knowledge production and careers in science cd gaddy new directions for higher education     1998.0 
damping in tall buildings : its variability and treatment ag davenport   pj hill-carroll proc.   asce convention   seattle   washington    
low-cost compensation-based query processing   so hvasshovd  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
file structure design to facilitate on-line instantaneous updating rl rappaport   
nulls in relational databases : revisited r kocharekar sigmod record      
application & analysis of i ddq diagnostic and fault simulation software p nigh   d forlenza proc . int . test conf    
ã cents â ? ¬ evaluating the performance of multicomputer configurationsã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents dp agrawal   vk janakiram  ieee computer    
modeling sustainable harvest rates for grizzly bears rb harris  unpublished manuscript    
the effect of argon dilution on the stability of acetylene/oxygen detonations proceedings-combustion institute   2002.0 mi radulescu   hd ng   jhs lee   b varatharajan   
thoughtful warriors : status   warriorship   and alliance in the ecuadorian amazon jq patton  1996.0 
economic growth and poverty   â ?? s tendulkar  & hellip ; india : research and policy   bombay : oxford university press  
recent bt patents 2002.0 sj harris bt technology journal    
apj ma prietoâ ? ¦   2004.0 
state-level leadership for occupational education . nc harris new directions for higher education     1974.0 
prediction and controlling resource usage in a heterogeneous active network   dec. 2000 sf bush   ab kulkarni   v galtier   k mills   y & hellip ; networks pi meeting and demonstration ( http://www . crd . ge .  
pp503-550 and references therein . caroino   la n york acc . chem . res    
theory based modeling of ec heated discharges g tardini   ag peeters   gv pereverzev   f ryterâ ? ¦    
scripps orbit and permanent array center : report to '93 igs bern workshop y bock   p fang   k stark   j zhang   j genrich   s proceedings of the 1993 igs workshop   25-26 march    
the treatment of aplastic anaemia with phytohaemagglutinin 1964.0 jg humble lancet   i    
the influence of growth conditions on the composition of gainasp grown by gas-source molecular beam k tappura   t hakkarainen   k rakennus   m hovinen   h 1991.0  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
optimism biases among brokerage and non-brokerage firms ' equity recommendations : agency costs in the wt carleton   cr chen   tl steiner financial management   1998.0    
pursuit : programming in the user interface proceedings of acm f modugno   
lipotoxicity in the pathogenesis of obesity-dependent niddm : genetic and clinical implications rh unger  diabetes-new  
forskolin : its chemical   biological and medical potential rh rupp   nj de soaza   an dohadwalla international symposium on forskolin . bombay   india   january    
the lagrangian relaxation method for solving integer programming problems ml fisher management  
measurement of heat losses from an operating district heating system f = i   g phetteplace   
undergraduate obstetrics and gynaecology ( 3 rdedition ) oxford : butterworth-heinemann m hull   d joyce   g turner   p wardle  isbn    
march 30   1999   assistant district fish biologist   oregon state department of fish & wildlife   d harris ecology & environment   inc.   seattle      
paleoenvironments   provenance and tectonic implications of the sespe formation   southern california jl howard santa barbara   university of california      
shmueli . eventspecicationinan active object-oriented database n gehani   hv jagadish eto acm sigmod international conference on management of    
extensions of topological groups do not respect countable compactness   5 pp m bruguera   m tkachenko    
digital phase-locked loops move into analog territory w greer   b kean electronic design      
set-oriented constructs : from rete rule bases to database systems 1991.0 dn gordin   aj pasik proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
event specification in an object-oriented database proceedings international conference on management of nh gehani   hv jagadish   o shmueli   
multiple protective and risk factors for drug use and abuse : cross-sectional and prospective md newcomb   m felix-ortiz journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0    
49 of latina/os came from el salvador   as compared with 40 from mexico i marshall    
attachment styles   emotion regulation   and adjustment in adolescence ml cooper   pr shaver   nl collins journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
do south african fiscal deficits matter 1991.0 b standish   o beelders   
towards real-time business intelligence b azvine   z cui   dd nauck  bt technology journal   2005.0 
ils : its new role in schools . 1990.0 t mageau electronic learning    
â ?? modeling technique for closure of transport equations in non-regular globular and capillary vs travkin   l gratton   l catton procs . asme/jsme thermal engineering joint conference      
eld   `` measurement of the size   duration and thermal output of fireballs produced by a range of proc . 21st int . pyrotechnics seminar   moscow   rk wharton   ja harding   aj barratt   r merri   
asynchronous sequential switching circuits s unger    
electron energies resulting from an electric field in a highly ionized gas rg giovanelli  phil . mag    
coherence and congruence : two aspects of personality integration km sheldon   t kasser  journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
inigo jones ( ha : p ) sirjn summerson  1966.0 
condom effectiveness in reducing heterosexual hiv transmission s weller   k davis 2002.0  cochrane database syst rev    
barge co. v. columbia pacific towing corp s tug see    
real world requirements for decision support-implications for rdbms sk bansal   
some speculations for the 21st-century r walford   p hagget geography      
on-line reorganization of sparsely-populated b trees proc acm sigmod conference   c zou   b salzberg   
exact : an extensible approach to active object-oriented databases o dãaz   a jaime the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1997.0    
energy efficient indexing on air t imielinsky   s viswanathan   br badrinath proc . of intl. conf . on managm . of data-acm-sigmod    
cognition   emotion   and motivation : the doctoring of humpty-dumpty rs lazarus   jc coyne   s folkman approaches to emotion      
indexing on air svtibr badrinath proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod      
updating relational databases through object-based views a keller   t barsalou   n siambela   g wiederhold  proc . acm sigmod    
us department of energy   headquarters germantown   hq eh-21   bldg. 270   19901 germantown road   j mckamy   
the insulation vacuum barrier for the large hadron collider ( lhc ) magnet cryostats m castoldiâ ? ¦  icec18   bombay   india    
microsoft access 97 developer 's handbook tm o'brien   sj pogge   ge white 1997.0    
integrating business strategy and edi gi doukidis  2nd greek edi conference   athens   greece   may    
3 . sobolewski   â ?? disk allocstion for cartesian product files on multiple-disk systems   â ?? hc du acm trans . database    
comment on a proposed two-stage theory of relationship formation : first   repulsion ; then attraction me rosenbaum  journal of personality and social psychology    
some high level constructs for data of type relation acm transactions on database systems   jw schmidt   
quasi-cubes : exploiting approximations in multidimensional databases d barbara   m sullivan  sigmod record   1997.0 
querying in highly distributed environments proc . 18 thintâ ?? l. conf . on t imielinski   br badrinath   
embedded systems : new approaches to their formal description and design a kundig   re buhrer   j dahler  springer-verlag   zurich   switzerland ( march    
structural adjustment and the contemporary sub-saharan african city 2001.0 j briggs   iea yeboah area    
bombay and its in-migrants a sebastian   1994.0 
recent disturbance-mediated vegetation change at cape cod national seashore u chokkalingam 1995.0    
clozapine versus typical neuroleptic medication for schizophrenia cochrane database syst rev   k wahlbeck   m cheine   ma essaliâ ? ¦  2000.0 
energy e cient indexing on air t imielinski   s viswanathan   b badrinath  proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;    
autocad 12 makros und menã 1/4 s : individuelle anpassungen . te-wi-verlag   1993 jl brittain   go head   at schaefer   
locating pc-based compilers for pl/1   fortran   and cobol ; improving performance on slower or older pc magazine   j salemi   
experiments with a deductive question-answering system dh fishman & hellip ; of massachusetts   coins technical report 74c-10   december      
optimizing queries across diverse data sources lm hass   d kossmann   el wimmers   j yang   l raschid proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference   athens   greece   acm & hellip ;      
semantic b2b integration : issues in ontology-based approaches   d jones sigmod record   2002.0    
atm over adsl probe in telecom italia environment s milanovic   a maglianella computer networks     2000.0 
materialization of functions in object bases a kemper   c kilger   g moerkotte proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
mit research laboratory of electronics sh wemple massachusetts institute of technology technical    
complete arcs in pg ( 2   25 ) : the spectrum of the sizes and the classification of the smallest s marcugini   a milani   f pambianco    
the simulation of a two-cycle   crankcase scavenged   spark ignition engine on a digital computer and rb krieger   1968.0 
recent bt patents cs ormston bt technology journal   2004.0 
inverted files versus signature files for text indexing 1998.0 j zobel   a moffat   k ramamohanarao acm transactions on database systems    
the mccormack institute rl woodbury new directions for higher education   2000.0 
a performance analysis of the gamma database machine dj dewitt   s ghandeharizadeh   da schneider   
graphics boom affecting mis . 1985.0 d friend computerworld.    
teaching global studies in elementary school : an eric/chess sample . vj schlene social studies and the young learner   1992.0    
safe stratified datalog with integer order programs pz revesz   
a variable energy electron microbeam : a unique modality for targeted low-let radiation 2004.0 mb sowa resat   ga kimmel   le kathmann   ba holben     
j. grandbois   m. jou   n. mattos   b. tran   and y. wang . high level indexing of userâ ?? defined types w chen   j chow   y fuh  25th vldb conference    
computer establishment . kd fishman  computerworld.   1981.0 
the real costs of pcs p strassman    
clinical gynecologic endocrinology and infertility   3rd ed.   williams and wilkins   baltimore l speroff   rh glass   ng kase  md    
amygdala and the memory of reward see aggleton   d gaffan   
user interface design 1990.0 h thimbleby   
the implication problem for unary functional dependencies in xml mw vincent   j liu   c liu submitted for publication      
access support in object bases ak km901   g moerkotte  proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference.   & hellip ;    
a substitution model draft for scheme : formal definitions ar meyer   1994.0 
distributed transitive closure computations : the disconnection set approach 1990.0 vldb.org vldb    
wireless access bt technology journal   c fenton   b nigeon   b willis   j harris  2000.0 
andc . c. chang . the ideaofde-clustering anditsapplications mt fang   rct lee proceedings of the 12th vldb conference    
the fourth homology group of the moduli space of curves j harer  to  
evaluation of signature files as set access facilitiesin oodbs proc . of acm sigmod international conf . on management of y ishikawa   h kitagawa   n ohbo   
database research at columbia university . sigmod record   acms anthology  1998.0 
bases for the development of last : a formal method for business software requirements specification jm almendros-jimenez   l gonzalez-jimenez  information & software technology   2002.0 
the demarcation protocol : a technique for maintaining arithmetic constraints in distributed database d barbara   h garcia-molina lecture notes in computer  
rapidly solidified materials : properties and processing pw lee   jh moll 1988.0    
a study of the dropout rates in longitudinal research on aging and the prediction of death 1967.0 kf riegel   rm riegel   g meyer journal of personality and social psychology    
the trade-offs of multicast trees and algorithms proceedings of icccn   l wei   d estrin   
zur nahrungswahl der gartengrasmã 1/4 cke sylvia borin : ein beitrag zur bedeutung der frugivorie bei f bairlein proc . int      
electronic resources for chinese studies in a global context p zhou electronic library   1996.0 
demonstrators booted from glaad soiree n offen bay area reporter      
mocha : a self-extensible database middleware system for distributed data sources mr martinez   n roussopoulos acm sigmod international conference on management of data      
do mandates matter ? : the effects of a mandate to enter a welfare-to-work program jt knab    
salmon at riverâ ?? s end : the role of the estuary in the decline and recovery of columbia salmon & hellip ; . national marine fisheries service   seattle   washington   dl bottom   ca simenstad   am baptista   da jay   j   
parenting behavior in a sample of young mothers in poverty : results of the new change observational mj zaslow   ca eldred   1998.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?nearest neighbor queriesã cents â ? ¬ â ? n roussopoulos   s kelley   f vincent proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod    
on the decidability of query containment under constraints d calvanese   g de giacomo   m lenzerini    
changing the educational program . r wood new directions for higher education   1990.0    
the icsi meeting corpus a janin   d baron   j edwards   d ellis   d gelbart   n   
resource description framework ( rdf ) schema specification . proposed recommendation http://www . w3 . d brickley   rv guha  proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
development of maternal and child health services in india child in india . bombay : himalaya   t kanitkar   
panel : the impact of database research on industrial products summary d fishman   d lomet   m stonebraker   
analysis of object oriented spatial access methods c faloutsos   t sellis   n roussopoulos 1987.0  proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
a performance study of concurrency control in a real-time main memory database system s liu  acm sigmod record   1993.0 
further remarks on the stability of viscous fluid motion l rayleigh phil . mag      
on convex surfaces with regular metric . av pogorelov 1951.0    
the need for distributed asynchronous transactions l do   p ram   p drew   
gags   a flexible object-oriented library for evolutionary computation jj merelo   a prieto proceedings of malfo . d. borrajo and p. isasi ( eds . )   1996.0    
cytoskeletal reorganization by soluble wnt-3a protein signalling s shibamoto   k higano   r takada   f ito   m takeichi 1998.0  genes to cells    
spt : distributed sensor network for real time tracking b horling   r vincent   r mailler   j shen   r becker     
on the decrease of velocity of swiftly moving electrified particles in passing through matter n bohr phil . mag      
model environments for integration and support bt technology journal   1997.0 rp jones   
the need for cognition jt cacioppo   re petty journal of personality and social psychology    
parametric probabilistic sensor network routing cl barrett   sj eidenbenz   l kroc   m marathe   jp proceedings of the 2nd acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0    
pendulum swings between rock and hard place p keen computerworld      
evaluating the cost of bird-related damage to civilian and military flights as a vital tool to y leshem proceedings of the 23rd international bird strike committee    
â ?? nondestructive examination of multilayer ceramic capacitors by neutron radiography mj cozzolino   gj ewell   jl galvagni  proc . 28th electron . comp . conf    
schneider 1988 : dj dewitt   s. ghandeharizadeh   and d. schneider   a performance analysis of the gamma g dewitt proc . acm sigmod  
existence and construction of edge low congestion paths on expander graphs az broder   am frieze   e upfal  proc . 29th acm symp . on theory of computing    
flexible correction processes in social judgment : the role of naive theories in corrections for dt wegener   re petty journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0    
student writing in philosophy : a sketch of five techniques new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 sm fishman   
model1 systeme fuer das studium von polypeptidhormon-receptor-wechselwlrkungen ( doctoral thesis ) e buerglsser umverslty of zurich   switzerland    
fast and reliable collision detection using graphics hardware n govindaraju   m lin   d manocha proc . of acm vrst    
a stochastic approach for clustering in object bases mm tsangaris   jf naughton    
the 18 th brumaire of louis bonaparte k marx    
connectivity simplified : an introduction to the ways of networking pc magazine   fj derfler jr   
join queries with externaltext sources : executionand optimization techniques s chaudhuri   u dayal   t yan proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conferenceon managementof  
importance of rice pests and challenges to their management mb cohen   s savary   n huang   o azzam   sk datta see ref      
interventions for reducing the risk of mother-to-child transmission of hiv infection cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 p brocklehurst   
empirical evaluation of theories for buying and selling prices of binary gambles mh birnbaum   s yeary   rd luce   l zhou  submitted for  
intentions to shop using internet catalogues : exploring the effects of product types   shopping leor vijayasarathy electronic markets     2000.0 
towards usability guidelines for multimedia systems m bearne   s jones   j sapsford-francis proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;     1994.0 
laboratory instructor mario donoso email : mdonoso @ uga . edu lecture 9 : 55-10 : 45 tr   room 300a gg os texts   r readings   cw site    
antibiotics for acute bronchitis l becker   r glazier   w mcisaac   j smucny 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
changing ideas of the habitable world cj glacken see thomas      
the smarandache class of paradoxes ct le  journal of indian academy of mathematicsâ ??   bombay   india   & hellip ;    
performance analysis of hierarchical reliable multicast proc . of acm a markopoulou   f tobagi   
stock splits and information : the role of share price rm conroy   rs harris financial management     1999.0 
unix programmerâ ?? s manual   bell telephone labs   murray hill   nj   july 1974 dm ritchie  acm transactions on database systems    
object-oriented concepts   databases and applications w kim   fh lochovsky   1989.0 
on the equivalence of recursive and nonrecursive datalog programs s chaudhuri   my vardi    
amalgamating knowledge bases   ii : distributed mediators s adali   vs subrahmanian    
recent bt patents 1998.0 sm gannon bt technology journal    
safe stratified datalog with integer order does not have syntax ap stolboushkin   ma taitslin 1998.0  acm transactions on database systems    
the air trac ow management problem with enroute capacities d bertsimas   s stock  operations research   to  
high level indexing of user-defined types w chen   jh chow   yc fuh   j grandbois   m jou   nm 1999.0  proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;    
static preservation of dynamic constraints : a semantics-based approach v benzaken   s cerrito   s praud   
chemtracts-organic chemistry 1991   4   403 ; tidwell   tt bb snider  acc . chem . res    
analysis and simulation of clutch engagement judder and stick-slip in automotive powertrain systems a crowther   n zhang   dk liu   jk jeyakumaran    
fourth int . symp . on independent component analysis and blind signal separation s in amari   a cichocki   s makino   n murata    
multidimensional access methods : trees have grown everywhere proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 tk sellis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos   
software system safety ng leveson proceedings     1985.0 
tension hydrothorax due to ventriculopleural shunting-a useful alternative c beachâ ? ¦  journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
opportunities for data base reorganization b shneiderman acm sigmod record     1974.0 
computing facts in non-horn deductive systems 1988.0 el lozinskii vldb    
integration of the big five and circumplex approaches to trait structure wkb hofstee   b de raad   lr goldberg journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0 
secure   reliable   transacted ; innovation in web services architecture 2004.0 m gudgin proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?sleepers and workaholics : caching strategies for mobile environments   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? acm d barbara   t imielinski   
evaluating lock-based protocols for cooperation on xml documents s helmer   cc kanne   g moerkotte 2004.0  sigmod record    
conservation of symmetry at v ds = 0 for reliable analog simulations t yoshida   m miura-mattausch   h ueno   hj mattausch  submitted for  
an experimental study of dynamic algorithms for transitive closure d frigioni   t miller   u nanni   c zaroliagis   
a cost model for the evaluation of path expressions in distributed object databases g ruberg   f baiã # o   m mattoso   
measurement programs need vision g ray    
some combinatorial properties of certain trees with applications to searching and sorting 1962.0 tn hibbard journal of the acm ( jacm )    
optimizing the proseeutive function in the district of columbia je jacoby proc . acm urban symposium      
designing and grading oral communication assignments bl quigley 1998.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
integrating reliable memory in databases wt ng   pm chen the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
status of ccitt description techniques and application to protocol specification . gj dickson   pe de chazal proceedings of the ieee     1983.0 
the r + - tree : a dynamic index for multi-dimensional data t sellis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos proceedings of vldb 1987      
integrating association rule mining algorithms with relational database systems j hipp   u grimmer    
regular treatment with long acting beta agonists versus daily regular treatment with short acting eh walters   ja walters   pw gibson cochrane database syst rev   2002.0    
a multidimensional framework for conceptualizing human services integration initiatives new directions for program evaluation   el konrad   
trigonella foenumgraecum km nadkarni india materia medica . popular prakashan . bombay    
diophantine approximations and diophantine equations wm schmidt   1996.0 
asynchronous distance education project g hsieh  1995.0 
surgery for lateral elbow pain r buchbinder   s green   s bell   l barnsley   n smidt cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
energy efficient indexing on air   rutgers university international conference on management of data   acm sigmod   & hellip ;   t imielinski   s viswanathan   br badrinath   
cohomologie ã © tale 1977.0 p deligneâ ? ¦   
general and relationship-based perceptions of social support : are two constructs better than one gr pierce   ig sarason   br sarason 1991.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
languages for end users . l harris computerworld.     1985.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å ? parity-based loss recovery for reliable multicast transmissionã cents â ? ¬ â ? j nonnenmacher   e biersack   d towsley proc acm sigcomm      
new therapeutic approaches to sickle cell disease : targeting rbc membrane oxidative damage cellular and molecular biology letters   sr goodman   bs pace   a shartava  1998.0 
distributed management in local area networks proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   tw page jr   gj popek  1985.0 
functionality and architecture of psees a fuggetta 1996.0  information and software technology    
relations between quadratic forms and certain galois extensions 1987.0 f villegas   
linbo thin '' lm grown by lpmocvd using-diketonate metal organic complexes sc jung   n imaishi   hc park proceedings of 13th international conference on c < d      
controlling emi by proper wiring board layout hw ott & hellip ; . 6th int . symp . electromagn . compat . ( zurich   switzerland )   & hellip ;      
an efficient quality of service routing algorithm for delay-sensitive applications computer networks   2005.0 w liu   w lou   y fang   w liu   w lou   y fang   
rrgion parotidienne p sebileau dã © monstration d &#39; anatomie . steinheil   paris    
london : columbia university press/wallflower press   2002 . xviii   285p . appendices . notes . bibliog . n york   
sorting using networks of queues and stacks r tarjan 1972.0  journal of the acm ( jacm )    
self-assessment : essential skills for adult learners . new directions for teaching and learning   1988.0 do justice   c marienau   
multiple locus haplotype analysis   version 2.0 . software and documentation distributed by the author jc long md    
a modification of davidon 's minimization method to accept difference approximations of derivatives journal of the acm ( jacm )   1967.0 gw stewart iii   
models for hybrid systems : automata   topologies   controllability   observability lecture notes in computer science   a nerode   w kohn  1993.0 
query processing using views for regular path queries with inverse d calvanese   g de giacomo   m lenzerini   my vardi proc . of the 19th acm sigact sigmod sigart symp . on & hellip ;     2000.0 
the variable valve timing mechanism for the rover k16 engine part 2 : application to the engine and proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   ph parker  2000.0 
outsourcing proves itself a useful business tool-no fad . computerworld   n margolis   
design and user testing of a multi-paradigm query interface to an object-oriented database dk doan   nw paton   a kilgour sigmod record     1995.0 
dw coehran   and fm shell acc . chem . res   e wenkert   js bindra   cj chang   dw cochran   fm   
mutation testing - its origin and evolution mr woodward information and software technology     1993.0 
procedural context and culture : variation in the antecedents of procedural justice judgments 1997.0 ea lind   tr tyler   yj huo journal of personality and social psychology    
demonstration of the cinema system proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   k rothermel   i barth   g dermler   w fiederer   t  1997.0 
the r ã ? - tree : a dynamic index for multidimensional objects proceedings of 13th international confernece on t sellis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos   
an active functionality service for e-business applications m cilia   ap buchmann 2002.0  sigmod record    
retrieval using ordered lists in inverted and multilist files 1976.0 jw welch   jw graham proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
texture classification based on cooccurence of gray level run length matrices f albregtsen   b nielsen  & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems    
semantic b2b integration c bussler    
the sr-tree : an index structure for high dimensional data acm sigmod conference   n katayama   s satoh   
zenith system for object management in distributed multimedia design environments . z kemp   e oxborrow   m davy   p linington   r thearle information and software  
services for reducing duration of hospital care for acute stroke patients esd trialists cochrane database syst rev     2005.0 
surgical sealant for preventing air leaks after pulmonary resections in patients with lung cancer r rami   m mateu cochrane database syst rev   2001.0    
differential thermoregulation of two highly homologous cold-shock genes   cspa and cspb   of jp etchegaray   pg jones   m inouye 1996.0  genes to cells    
research issues in databases for active rapidly changing data systems arcs acm sigmod record   a datta   
making object-oriented schemas more expressive   in ã cents â ? ¬ proc . of the 13th acm sigact sigmod sigart d calvanese   m lenzerini  1994.0 
wavelength dependent reflection functions js gondek   gw meyer   jg newman computer graphics   proc . of acm siggraph      
highly stable amorphous silicon hydride from a helium plasma reaction r mills   b dhandapani   j he   
nearest neighbor query n roussopoulos   s kelly   f vincent proc . of acm sigmod conf    
cases of coincidence of the best uniform polynomial and rational approximations aa pekarskii  j. technical university at  
studies of portland cement hydration by measurements of chemical shrinkage and a systematic technical university of m geiker   
electronic profilingâ ?? critics fear systems may trample civil rights k nash computerworld      
heat-release actuation for control of mixture-inhomogeneity-driven combustion instability jp hathout   m fleifil   am annaswamy   af ghoniem proceedings-combustion institute     2000.0 
temperature independent highly birefringent photonic crystal fibre md   a michie   j canning   k lyytikã $ inen   m ã?slund   j  1983.0 
arthroscopic stabilization of the shoulder for acute primary dislocations using a transglenoid jm salmon   sn bell 1998.0  arthroscopy-new york -    
staggered striping in multimedia information systems s ghandeharizadeh   rmx ju   
reducing computational complexity using closures in a mean field approach in data assimilation gl eyink   jm restrepo   fj alexander 2002.0    
radiolabel-transfer cross-linking demonstrates that protein 4.1 binds to the n-terminal region of ps becker   
â ?? self : a self-timed systems design technique ch lau  electronic letters    
a concentric-circle model for community mining wj zhou   jr wen   wy ma   hj zhang   
the fourth dimension in early childhood education bm caldwell  see ref    
improving data access of j2ee applications by exploiting asynchronous processing and caching s kounev   a buchmann proc . of the 28th international conference on very large    
reflection and semantics in a procedural language ph. d bc smith thesis   laboratory for computer science   mit    
the constitutive rule revisited procs . of 3rd conference on collective intentionality   f hindriks   
a study of the marine resources of salem sound   1997 bc chase   j plough   w castonguay massachusetts division of marine fisheries technical report & hellip ;      
incremental motion estimation through local bundle adjustment z zhang   y shan   
energy transfer and shock wave generation at the collision of laser-driven macroparticle proc . 28th eclim   t pisarczyk   s borodziuk   nn demchenko   sy guskov     
altering test environments for reducing test anxiety and for improving academic performance . d bushnell 1978.0    
consciousness and learning : new and renewed approaches . 1993.0 m boucouvalas new directions for adult and continuing education    
a test of a molecular model of a controlling element transposon in maize pa peterson proc . int . congr . genet    
endosurgery simulations with kismet : a flexible tool for surgical instrument design   operation room ug kã 1/4 hnapfel   h krumm   c kuhn   m hã 1/4 bner   b  proceedings  
providing dynamic security control in a federated database nb idris   wa gray   rf churchhouse 1994.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
cycloidal propulsion in air . fk kirsten 1935.0    
ssris versus other antidepressants for depressive disorder jr geddes   n freemantle   j mason   mp eccles   j cochrane database syst rev   2000.0    
direct transitive closure algorithms : design and performance evaluation r agrawal   s dar   hv jagadish acm transactions on database systems   1990.0    
querying in highly distributed environments t imielski   br badrinath  proc . 18th vldb conf    
database abstractions   views   and updates in rigel la rowe   ka shoens proc acm sigmod conf manage data   boston   mass.   usa    
processing aggregate relational queries with hard time constraints wh hot891   g ozsoyoglu   b taneja  proceedings of the acm sigmod conference   pp    
emotions in infancy : regulators of contact and relationships with persons c trevarthen approaches to emotion    
reducing social context cues : electronic mail in organizational communications management science   1986.0 l sproull   s kiesler   
separation of motions in systems with a rapidly rotating phase ai neishtadt  prikladnaia matematika i mekhanika   1984.0 
recent bt patents jr mason  bt technology journal   2002.0 
an efficient pyramid image coding system proc . icassp   a tran   k liu   k tzou   e vogel   
power-conscious design of wireless circuits and systems aa abidi   gj pottie   wj kaiser proceedings-ieee   2000.0    
extensions of goms analyses to expert performance requiring perception of dynamic visual and be john  proceedings of chi   1990.0 
effects of climate dump closure   and other factors on yellowstone grizzly bear litter size sf stringham international conference bear research and management      
websteam mw aldridge demonstration at the fifth annual navy workforce research & hellip ;      
energy efficient indexing on air ln proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   t irniefinski   s vishwanathan   br badrinath   
das projekt teleteaching der universitã $ ten mannheim und heidelberg . proc . learntec   w effelsberg   
retail exchanges push on despite b2b travails . c sliwa    
on-line reorganization of sparsely-populated b + - trees proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   c zou   b salzberg  1996.0 
applying an operational formal method throughout software engineering education m muller   x pan   p walter   k schimrigk   ae kelley 1998.0  information and software technology    
an architecture for high-level language database extensions cj date   
computing facts in non-horn deductive systems proc of vldb   e lozinski   
flexible finishing system using hyper cutter location data f nagata   k watanabe   y kusumoto   k kiguchi   k   
using caching   cache indexing   and differential techniques to efficiently support transaction time . cs jensen   l mark   n roussopoulos   t sellis md      
acupuncture for bellâ ?? s palsy l he   d zhou   b wu   n li   mk zhou cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
9800-j patuxent woods drive   columbia ab components   
on digital signature and public key cryptographic mit laboratory for computer science   technical report   mit/lcs / rl rivest   a shamir   lm adleman   
the hopf bifurcation and its applications je marsden   m mccracken 1976.0    
encapsulation : an approach to operating system security proc . acm annual conf   rlb ii   gj popek   
computer architecture research and the real world atd arvind   a caro technical report 397   computation structures group    
occam : an asynchronous hardware description language?â ?? g theodoropoulos   
the black sheep-interactive improvisation in a 3d virtual world m klesen   j szatkowski   n lehmann proceedings i   2000.0    
the performance of linear time suffix sorting algorithms sj puglisi submitted for publication   2004.0    
the automatic generation of test cases for optimizing fortran compilers information and software technology   cj burgess   m saidi  1996.0 
distributive and procedural justice : combined impact of â ?? voiceâ ?? and improvement on experienced r folger journal of personality and social psychology    
analysis of directional spreading of wave energy with special reference to indian coast . v sanilkumar 1999.0    
themathematicallanguageautomath   its usageand some of its extensions ng de bruijn  symposium on automatic  
evaluation utilization revisited mf smith 1988.0  new directions for program evaluation    
the complexity of ordering subgoals jd ullman   my vardi  proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1988.0 
model for the toughness of epoxy-rubber particulate composite ff lange  phil . mag    
cabergoline versus bromocriptine for levodopa-induced complications in parkinsonâ ?? s disease ce clarke   kd deane 2001.0  cochrane database syst . rev    
the fourth text retrieval conference ( trec-4 ) . national institute of standards and technology d harman md      
j. casegeoâ ?? a case tool for conceptual modeling and database schemas automatic generation using gis procs . of gisbrasil   ma pereira   l filho   
ã ¬ improving round-trip time estimates in reliable transport protocolsã ® p karn   c partridge acm sigcomm proceedings    
the dynamical theory of electron diffraction and its application to some surface problems jm harding phil . mag      
measurement program success factors revisited information & software technology   f niessink   h vliet  2001.0 
online communities : they canâ ?? t happen without thought and hard work electronic learning   m honey   
why do south korean students study hard ? reflections on paik 's study y hwang international journal of educational research   2001.0 
inserting and deleting records in blocked sequential files submitted for de willard   
kinship in west punjabi villages h alavi  contributions to indian sociology    
automotive transducers : an overview mh westbrook & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;     1988.0 
â ?? characterisation of 210 ghz pulsed gaas impatt diode â ?? c benz   j freyer proc . 29th europ . microwave conference   mã 1/4 nchen      
eutrophication of lakes and reservoirs in the united kingdom : causes   effects and controls geography   t harris   
stress-activated signalling pathways in yeast 1998.0 wm toone   n jones genes to cells    
current status of the usaf bird avoidance model ( bam ) rp defusco    
is service priority useful in networks l braslau   s shenker  proceedings of acm sigmetrics    
intra-specific variation in rhinichtys c. cataractae ( valenciennes ) and rhinichthys atratulus gc becker  1962.0 
recent bt patents rj briscoe bt technology journal   2000.0    
xlang : web services for business process design author s thatte technical report   microsoft      
ttp-a or ault tolerant real-rime systems h kopetz   g grunsteidl ieee computer    
general topology jl kelley 1997.0    
fertility transition in india : problems and prospects the family welfare programme in india   bombay : vikas & hellip ;   kb pathak   bs singh   
doc . com : a framework for effective negotiation support in electronic marketplaces m schoop   c quix  computer networks   2001.0 
womenâ ?? s involvement in multiple roles and psychological distress rc barnett   gk baruch journal of personality and social psychology   1985.0    
agency costs and the oversight of charitable organizations ga manne  wisconsin law review   1999.0 
users guide to lowtran-7 optical/infrared technology division . us air force geophysics laboratory   fx kneizys   ep shettle   lw abreuâ ? ¦ 1988.0    
non-latex versus latex male condoms for contraception mf gallo   da grimes   kf schulz cochrane database syst rev     2003.0 
exploring posterior distributions using markov chains l tierney  computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;    
seismic strengthening of unreinforced masonry buildings with carbon fibers g schwegler  & hellip ; of federal institute of technology . zurich   switzerland    
optimizing queries across diverse data sources   23 rdintl conf . on very large databases ( vldb &#39; 97 )   l haas   d kossmann   el wimmers   j yang   
a ddsm for relational query optimization bml kerschberg proc . acm annual conference      
water sample preparation for comprehensive health effects testing wc lauerâ ? ¦ 1988.0    
pairwise comparison of hypotheses in evolutionary learning k krawiec    
estimating arbitrary subset sums with few probes n alon   n duffield   c lund   m thorup    
how may i help you ? nato asi series f computer and systems sciences   1999.0 al gorin   g riccardi   jh wright   
mocha : a self-extensible middleware system for distributed data sources proc . acm sigmod m rodriguez-martinez   n roussopoulos   
convergence of sequential monte carlo methods d crisan   a doucet submitted for publication      
analysis of index-sequential files with overflow chaining pã ? larson acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1981.0    
problem-based learning in an mba economics course : confessions of a first-time user dc sharp new directions for teaching and learning     2003.0 
consistent query answering under key and exclusion dependencies : algorithms and experiments 2005.0 l grieco   d lembo   r rosati   m ruzzi proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
pbir-perception-based image retrieval e chang    
scanning tunneling microscopy r wiesendanger   hj gã 1/4 ntherodt   1996.0 
the benefits of journal writing : reducing maternal psychological distress levels after the neonatal 2000.0 lm barry   
pasp j patterson   j thorstensen   j kemp   l jensen   t   2000.0 
reducing risk through process improvement in rapidly changing business and e-commerce environments h li   m ross   g king   g staples  software quality management-international conference -    
the porphyrin handbook p hambright   1990.0 
eden : an engine for definitive notations e yung  msc thesis   department of computer science   university of  
a robust   optimization-based approach for approximate answering of aggregation queries s chaudhuri   g das   v narasayya proc .  
energy conservation in domestic consumptionâ ?? tata energy research institute   bombay   india   ks salariya   
db-prism : integrated data warehouses and knowledge networks for bank controlling 2000.0 e schaefer   jd becker proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
on discrimination and divergence a bhattacharrya proc . 29th indian sci . cong      
exploitation   exploration   and process management : the productivity dilemma revisited mj benner   ml tushman    
recent bt patents bt technology journal   dd milne  1999.0 
metabolism of the anthroposphere p baccini   ph brunner   1991.0 
indexing on air t imielinski   s viswanathan   br badrinath proceedings of acm sigmod  
hla and congenital adrenal hyperplasia linkage confirmed da price   pt klouda   r harris lancet i      
an ultrastructural study of the morphology and lectin-binding properties of human mast cell granules cjp jones   cj kirkpatrick   rw stoddart the histochemical journal   1988.0    
physico-chemical bases of microbial adhesion . pg rouxhet   n mozes  & hellip ; of research and demonstration projects . elsevier applied & hellip ;   1987.0 
splus reference manual ra becker   jm chambers   ar wilks  1991.0 
a few remarks on the assortment problem management science   w sadowski  1959.0 
nightcap measurement of sleep quality in self-described good and poor sleepers ef pace-schott   j kaji   r stickgold   ja hobson sleep-new york -   1994.0 
antibiotics/antiinflammatories for reducing acute inflammatory episodes in lymphoedema of the limbs c badger   k seers   n preston   p mortimer 2004.0  cochrane database syst rev    
rapidly building synchronous collaborative applications by direct manipulation g banavar   s doddapaneni   k miller   b mukherjee    
the web services debate j2ee vs. . net j williams communications of the acm     2003.0 
component   image and factor analysis of tests of intellect and of motor performance cw harris   mr liba   1965.0 
multidimensional access methods : trees have grown t sellis   n roussopoulos   c faloutsos    
uml class diagrams revisited in the context of agent-based systems lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 b bauer   
vic : a flexible frameworkforpacketvideo proc . of acm s mccanne   v jacobson   
korostynska   0.   and harris   j.   â ?? yradiation dosimetry using screen printed nickel oxide thick proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;   k arshak   
im everywhere c metz   j clyman   m todd pc magazine    
the empirical content of nash-bargained household behavior the journal of human resources   1990.0 mb mcelroy   
properties and update semantics of consistent views g gottlob   p paolini   r zicari 1988.0  acm transactions on database systems    
financial work incentives for low-wage workers : encouraging work   reducing poverty   and benefiting c michalopoulos   
. net vs. j2ee 2003.0 g miller communications-acm    
development and validation of ego identity status je marcia journal of personality and social psychology   1966.0    
infinitely variable transmissions with automatic regulation proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 g mantriota   
response of riparian shrubs to declining water availability . p. 48-51 k boggs   t weaver & hellip ;   d. bedunah   and cl wambolt ( compilers )   proceedings - & hellip ;    
knowledge management and organization r rudi   pa saå ¡ a fifth international conference on management of innovative & hellip ;    
outdoor education and its educational objectives p smith geography      
northwest productivity takes off with imaging . e booker  computerworld.   1991.0 
using a landscape metaphor to represent a corpus of documents m chalmers lecture notes in computer science   1993.0    
some properties of resonance radiation and excited atoms phil . mag   kt compton   
qe . 1994 . the changing office pc pc mag   
correcting the functionality of a wirepipelined circuit v nookala   ss sapatnekar  proc . acm/ieee dac    
for image retrieval e chang   s tong    
nonmetric multidimensional scaling . jb kruskal   1966.0 
a fault tolerant object transaction service in corba w lo   d liang   ym kao   sm yuan   ys chang  proc . 21st ann . int &#39; l computer software and application conf  
photorouter : destination-centric mobile media messaging s ahern   s king   h qu   m davis    
prejudice expectations moderate preconscious attention to social identity threatening cues 2004.0 cr kaiser   sb vick   b major   
prepared for the ultra high-energy cosmic ray workshop on observing giant cosmic ray air showers for db cline md      
a procedural approach to authoring solid models [ a ] proceedings of acm siggraph   c barbara   d julie   m leonard   
generative teaching and learning of economic concepts : a sample lesson . social studies and the young learner   jd laney  1990.0 
early diagnosis of mis implementation failure : promising results and unanswered questions mj ginzberg 1981.0  management science    
national and eu budgetary rules and procedures : an evolving interaction & hellip ; rules   proceedings of the banca dâ ?? italia workshop on & hellip ;   j fischer   
active learning and its use in computer science jj mcconnell 1996.0  acm sigcue outlook    
high temperature and environmental effects on polymeric composites ce harris   ts gates   
dimensions : why do we need a new data handling architecture for sensor networks ? d ganesan   d estrin    
21 : 753â ?? 759   1973 ap india  study of diabetes in india annual meeting   bombay    
a signature access method for the starburst database system ww chang  vldb   1989.0 
human nature and the nature of romantic love h harris 1995.0    
on the design of a reliable storage component for distributed database management systems da menasce   oe landes   
marine science institute d schroeder university of california   santa barbara      
preparation and characterization of redox active molecular assemblies on microelectrode arrays cd frisbie   i fritsch-faules   ew wollman   ms 1992.0    
u.   neuhold   ej   reuter   a.â ?? the dbms research at crossroadsâ ?? in m stonebraker   rd agrawal  proceedings of the very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 93 )    
sigmod 1997 j peckham proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;      
scaling environmental problems . k clayton geography   1991.0 
managerial ownership   debt policy   and the impact of institutional holdings : an agency perspective ct bathala   kp moon   rp rao    
collaborative learning environments in asynchronous learning networks : building learning communities unpublished manuscript   sr hiltz   
a marriage of class-and object-based inheritance without unwanted children 1995.0 p steyaert   w de meuter lecture notes in computer science    
generating hypermedia from specifications by sketching multimedia templates s fraã ¯ ssã ©   j nanard   m nanard proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1996.0 
subordination : articles and complementizers a szabolcsi approaches to hungarian      
effect of sample inhomogeneity on radiation-induced size changes in graphite at . energ   va nikolaenko   vn kuznetsov   pa platonov   ok   
computation based on a share of a patientâ ?? s national cost p person  at  
thã © mis : a database programming language handling integrity constraints v benzaken   a doucet the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1995.0    
low-cost compensation-based query processing o grwlen   so hvasshovd   o torbjgrnsen   
transgenic plant research c meyer   k lindsey harwood academic publication   zurich      
cryptanalysis of xinmei digital signature scheme j van tilburg electronic letters   1992.0    
the theory of composite gw milton to appear      
reliability of ku-band gaas power fet 's under highly stressed rf operation proc ieee 21st int re1 phys symp   pm white   cg rogers   bs hewitt   
the changing office ' b machrone   ma bragen   l grunin pc  
the aids knowledge base ; 1994 p cohen   ma sande   pa volberding    
hazards in changing cities jk mitchell applied geography     1998.0 
interpretation of macro-and micro-mixing measured by dualwavelength photometric tomographyâ ?? m rahimi   m buchmann   r mann   d mewes  proceedings    
an improved protocol validation technique computer networks   ch west   j rubin   
a formal trade-off between optimization and execution costs in semantic query optimization s shekharâ ? ¦ proc . 14th vldb conference    
dieless nc forming and sheet fluid forming t maki imtma conference   bombay   india    
adaptive management of an active service network iw marshall   c roadknight  bt technology journal   2000.0 
phylip ( phylogenetic inference package )   version 3.5 c ( distributed by the author ) j felsenstein  seattle   washington   usa : department of genetics   university & hellip ;    
a and k. salem . sagas h garda-mol intl. conference on very large data    
on the performance of internet worm scanning strategies . univ massachusetts amherst technical report : tr-03-cse-07   november   cc zou   d towsley   w gong   
conceptual modeling for distributed ontology environments lecture notes in computer science   dl mcguinness  2000.0 
sagas h gacia-molina   k salem  acm-sigmod international conference on management of data    
vic : a flexible framework for packet video s mccanne   
integrating reliable memory in databases   vldb '97 wt ng   pm chen proceedings of 23th international conference on very large & hellip ;      
cyclic cohomology d husemoller tata institute bombay    
plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 deficiency does not influence the outcome of murine aw rijneveld   s florquin   p bresser   m levi   r    
the perfect swarm p panepento computerworld      
information systems research at rwth aachen m jarke sigmod record   1995.0    
the cost of ems . computer networks   rr panko   
an optimized hill climbing algorithm for feature subset selection : evaluation on handwritten cm nunes   c kaestner   r sabourin   
requirements   10 rotatetext sample program   1150â ?? 1154 rows ce windows    
on uplink call level qos in ds-cdma networks j misãc   vb misãc   yk tang computer networks      
drosophila dsmad2 and atr-i transmit activin/tgf signals genes to cells   p das   h inoue   jc baker   h beppu   m kawabata   rm  1999.0 
a fortran extension for engmeering/scientific computation with access to acrith mfsc metzger demonstration of the compiler and sample programs . in  
molecular objects   adts and data models : a framework proceedings of the conference on very large databases ( & hellip ;   d batory   a buchmann   
user interface evaluation in the real world : a comparison of four techniques proceedings of acm r jeries   jr miller   c wharton   km uyeda   
topological synthesis of mobile wireless networks for managing ad hoc wireless networks & hellip ; of ifip/ieee international conference on management of & hellip ;   i rubin   p vincent   
real-time behaviour of asynchronous agents proceedings of concur   y wang   
the netherlands . a. vollhardt   entwurf und bau einer frontend-steuerung fã 1/4 r das cip-upgrade projekt p semiconductors  diploma thesis ( 2001 )   university of zurich   switzerland    
primitive passions : visuality   sexuality   ethnography   and contemporary chinese cinema r chow 1995.0    
improving data access of j2ee applications by exploiting asynchronous messaging and caching services vldb   s kounev   ap buchmann  2002.0 
laptops in psychology : conducting flexible in-class research and writing laboratories br stephens  new directions for teaching and learning   2005.0 
recent bt patents cr carrington  bt technology journal   2001.0 
garcia-luna-aceves jj ( 1996 ) the case for reliable concurrent multicasting using shared ack trees proc . acm bn levine   d lavo   
solving the travelling tournament problem : a combined integer programming and constraint programming 2003.0 k easton   g nemhauser   m trick lecture notes in computer science    
city of san diego land guidance system . design guidelines/final public review draft c associates 1992.0    
relationship between depression and thyroid function in rural kenya jj haggerty   m marquardt   g mason   c newman   aj proc viii world congr psychiatry   athens   greece    
nonlinear functional analysis and its applications 1986.0 e zeidler   
constraints for query optimization in deductive databases j harland   k ramamohanarao    
network processors : a progress report n heintze proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0    
software enhancements for a diverse family unit . curriculum concerns . ja morin social studies and the young learner   1997.0 
structures for manipulating proposed updates in object-oriented databases m doherty   r hull   m rupawalla sigmod conference     1996.0 
beneficial effect of d-ribose in patient with myoadenylate deaminase deficiency bm patten  lancet i   1982.0 
reliable communication over unreliable channels . networks y afek   h attiya   a fekete   m fischer   n lynch   y  proc . of the 28th ieee annual symp . on foundation of & hellip ;    
conflict management in higher education : a review of current approaches wc warters new directions for higher education     1995.0 
the case for explicit knowledge in documents l carr   t miles-board   a woukeu   g wills   w hall  proceedings of acm symposium on document  
technology transfer-a developing country perspective & hellip ; of the fourth international conference on management of & hellip ;   g plenert   
supporting the evolution of workflow patterns for virtual communities h weigand electronic markets   2000.0 
of carbon nanotubesâ ?? govyadinov   a fedfa arrays & hellip ; p.   and routkevitch   d. electrochemical society proceedings      
the greek internet users in numbers newspaper ethnos   athens   greece   january   p mandravelis   
on a proposed floating-point standard w kahan   j palmer acm signum newsletter   1979.0    
some properties of seaweed manures e booth  proc int seaweed symp    
who matters to ceos ? an investigation of stakeholder attributes and salience   corporate performance   br agle   rk mitchell   ja sonnenfeld the academy of management journal     1999.0 
kt wong . optimization of nestedsql queries revisited ra ganski andh  proceedings of the sigmod international conference on  
research issues in spatial databases o guenther sigmod record     1990.0 
wa gray and rf churchhouse . ( 1994 ) providing dynamic security control in a federated database proc . 1994 intl. conf . on very large databases   nb idris   
energy efficient indexing on air t imiehnski   s viswanathan   br badrinath  proc . acm sigmod conference    
internet topology : connectivity of ip graphs 2001.0 a broido proc . spie    
dap-1   a novel protein that interacts with the guanylate kinase-like domains of hdlg and psd-95 k satoh   h yanai   t senda   k kohu   t nakamura   n genes to cells   1997.0    
flow-directed lightweight closure conversion by jm siskind   
hybrid transitive closure algorithms vldb   1990.0 r agrawal   hv jagadish   
approaches to semantic representation b levin  1987.0 
mcafee : new virus is first to infect image files . s costello    
primary angioplasty versus intravenous thrombolysis for acute myocardial infarction m cucherat   e bonnefoy   g tremeauâ ? ¦ 2003.0  cochrane database syst rev    
antiretrovirals for reducing the risk of mother-to-child transmission of hiv infection cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 p brocklehurst   j volmink   
on the velocity and mass of ions in the electric wind in air phil . mag   ap chattock   
validation of the use of doubly labeled water in the green turtle ( chelonia mydas ) : measurements of proceedings from the 25 thannual international symposium on tt jones   m hastings   r andrews   dr jones   
practitioner problems in need of database research sigmod record   1991.0 g thomas   
solar thermal energy see ref   b everett   
7134 columbia gateway drive   columbia i avnet    
compartmentalized distribution of the proteins controlling the prespore-specific transcription pj lewis   t magnin   j errington genes to cells   1996.0    
blind joint equalization of multiple synchronous mobile users oversampling and/or multiple antennas proc . 28th asimilar dtm slock   
photodynamic therapy of neoplastic disease d kessel  1990.0 
efficient management of transitive relationships in large data bases r agrawal   a borgida   hv jagadish   
amalgamating knowledge bases vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems     1994.0 
the demarcation protocol : a technique for maintaining arithmetic constraints in distributed database d barbara911 barbara cs-tr-320-9 1   princeton university   april 199  
thin film infrared detector arrays for integrated electronic structures 1976.0 c corsi   g cappuccio   a damico   g petrocco   g & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;    
aids among hispanics in the united states [ abstract no . wdp33 ] : in : proceedings of the fifth a kroliczak montreal   canada   june    
putting politics in its place : baliapal   india   as a terrain of resistance political geography   p routledge   
fault tolerant control concepts applied to anaesthesia cw frei  phd dissertation . zurich   switzerland : swiss federal inst .  
why has ipo underpricing changed over time ? t loughran   j ritter   
boron and its role in crop production uc gupta   1993.0 
conservative approximations for heterogeneous design r passerone   jr burch   al sangiovanni-vincentelli proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;     2004.0 
inhaled fluticasone propionate for chronic asthma n adams   j bestall   pw jones cochrane database syst rev   2001.0    
synthesizing full-systolic arrays for matrix product on xilinx 's xc4000 ( e   ex ) fpgas ak oudjida   s titri   m hamarlain  proceedings of the fpga &#39; 2000 international conference   acm - & hellip ;    
design by contracts b meyer  ieee computer    
ontology-based semantic classification of unstructured documents ck cheng   x pan   f kurfess    
hyperosmotic stress-induced reorganization of actin bundles in dictyostelium cells over-expressing h aizawa   m katadae   m maruya   m sameshima   k genes to cells   1999.0    
buffering and read-ahead strategies for external mergesort proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 w zhang   pa larson   
strain and sex differences in chloroform-induced nephrotoxicity . different rates of metabolism of lr pohl   h satoh    
flexible interface migration r bandelloni   f paternã ² proceedings acm iui   2004.0    
a comparison of alternative encoding mechanisms for web services m cai   s ghandeharizadeh   r schmidt   s song lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
cryogenic associative memory rr seber  proc . acm national conf    
neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy for operable hepatocellular carcinoma es chan   pk chow   b taiâ ? ¦  2000.0 
wimp interface for unix . he bez information and software technology     1988.0 
reducing buyer search costs : implications for electronic marketplaces jy bakos management science     1997.0 
pricing of information services using real-time databases : a framework for integrating user p konana   a gupta   do stahl   ab whinston   
mocha : a database middleware systems featuring automatic deployment of application-specific m rodrãguez - martãnez   n roussopoulos   jm mcgann    acm sigmod record   2000.0 
querying in highly mobile environments t imielinski   b badrinath 18th proc . vldb ( aug. .    
cognitive states   discourse structure and the content of dialogue a lascarides   n asher   
the assessment of cellular proliferating by immunohistochemistry ; a review of currently available w al   da levision  1992.0 
reliably assessing reliability with sas software proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group international & hellip ;   pm simpson   pr phillips   s lensing   r hamer   
opening remarks : third international conference on nutrition and fitness w clay athens   greece   may    
the transaction costs theory of joint ventures : an empirical study of japanese subsidiaries in the management science   1991.0 jf hennart   
research : some issues pm wortman   ds cordray new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
the problem with landscape : some philosophical and practical questions geography-london -   1999.0 s harrison   
die tagebã 1/4 cher von joseph goebbels e frã ¶ hlich teil i    
direct algorrthmi for computmg the transrtlve closure of database relations a agrawal   hv jagadlsh  proc international conference on very large data bases    
recent bt patents r hatton bt technology journal   2000.0    
optimum usage and an action plan for tungsten under indian context dvr rajkumar   s prasad powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ]   bombay   india & hellip ;   1980.0    
town brook relief tunnel designing for anoxia and h 2 s generation tg barker water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
the conventional ils - so what 's new ( ils capability improvements on localizer and glide-slope antenna jb battistelli  national aerospace meeting   washington   d. c   proceedings   1973.0 
generation of geometric model by registration and integration of multiple range images t masuda 3-d digital imaging and modeling   2001 . proceedings . third & hellip ;     2001.0 
a discounting method for reducing the eect of distribution variability in probability-level data k copsey  procs . of eurofusion    
searching a minimal subset of a set of partial values fsc tseng   alp chen   wp yang the international journal of very large data bases | the vldb    
staggered striping in multimedia information systems s berson   s ghandeharizadeh   r muntz   x ju proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
data/knowledge packets as a means of supporting semantic heterogeneity in multidatabase systems 1991.0 d weishar   l kerschberg sigmod record    
dampening status influence using a group support system : an empirical study bcy tan   kk wei   rt watson proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1993.0    
rise of end-user computing brings new challenges to mis/dp e goldberg  computerworld    
components of a network operating system 1979.0 je donnelley computer networks    
an investigation into loading a cache with query results l haas   d kossmann   i ursu technical report   ibm almaden   san jose   ca   march    
the role of object-oriented metrics b meyer ieee computer   1998.0 
incomplete information in object-oriented databases r zicari sigmod record     1990.0 
probabilistic points-to analysis lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 ys hwang   ps chen   jk lee   rdc ju   
ccured in the real world j condit   m harren   s mcpeak   gc necula   w weimer    
braids   trees   and operads   available at math j morava    
standing committee p accounts    
incremental updates of inverted indexes in document retrieval proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   a tomasic   h garcia-molina   k shoens   
fishes of wisconsin gc becker   2001.0 
senseye : a multi-tier camera sensor network p kulkarni   d ganesan   p shenoy   q lu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2005.0 
implementing deductive databases by mixed integer programming   to appear in : acm transactions of 11th symposium on principles of database systems   c bell   a nerode   rt ng   vs subrahmanian   
multiple disease screening and genetics of resistance in cucumber 1980.0 zm abdul-hayja   
mocha : a self-extensible middleware system for distributed data sources proc . acmsigmod m rodrä ± guez-martä ± nez   n roussopoulos   
manipulating the distribution of liquid phases in ceramics k doyle   1996.0 
poster nr . 218 at the 84 thaacc annual meeting kp lai   jf steffe   pkw ng seattle   washington   usa      
recent tourism development in cyprus . da gilmor geography    
infusion of cytotoxic t cells for the prevention and treatment of epstein-barr virus-induced cm rooney   ca smith   cyc ng   sk loftin   jw sixbey    blood-new york -   1998.0 
binary search trees of bounded balance j nievergelt   em reingold 1972.0  proceedings of the fourth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;    
mocha : a self-extensible database middleware system for distributed data sources 2000.0 m rodrä ± guez-martä ± nez   n roussopoulos proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
vic : a flexible framework framework for packet video acm multimedia   s mccanne   v jacobson   
age at resurfacing for flexible pavements in washington state s muench  report   university of washington   seattle   washington    
transcriber   1820 us census   harlan county   kentucky   ( posted at ftp://ftp . rootsweb . com/pub / l jones    
profilingâ ?? technology r newbould   r collingridge bt technology journal   2003.0 
science in india : institution building and the organizational system in historical perspective bombay : college of india and popular prakastan   w morehause   
multiplex   fusionplex and autoplex : three generations of information integration acm sigmod record   a motro   j berlin   p anokhin  2004.0 
correctness of lazy database updates for object database systems f ferrandina   t meyer   r zicari    
reaching out : telecollaboration and social studies . pull-out 1 . k dawson   j harris 1999.0  social studies and the young learner    
discovery of a perceptual distance function for measuring image similarity proc . acm multimedia   ble chang   y wu   
toward a classification scheme for software process modelling approaches 1995.0 ir mcchesney information and software technology    
indexing multiple sets c kilger   g moerkotte vldb     1994.0 
coming to terms with mother nature : using the web to educate children about natural disasters mj berson   ir berson social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
highly pumped inverted balmer and lyman populations rl mills   p ray   rm mayo    
aggregate instability in the fixed-cost approach to public spending pa pintus 2003.0    
distinctiveness-sensitive nearest-neighbor search for efficient similarity retrieval of multimedia n katayama   s satoh & hellip ;   2001 . proceedings . 17th international conference on     2001.0 
mechanisms for flexible representation and use of knowledge in user modeling shell systems courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ;   w pohl   j hoehle  1997.0 
faulting and uplift of the northern channel islands   california 1994.0 cc sorlien the fourth california islands symposium : update on the & hellip ;    
design and analysis of composite material vessels . ( retroactive coverage ) d hui   tj kozik  1987.0 
signature les : design and performance comparison of some signature extraction methods proc . c faloutsos   
spectroscopic study of highly stable novel inorganic hydrides from aqueous electrolysis and plasma r mills   e dayalan   p ray   b dhandapani   j he    
wf 2 q : worst-case fair weighted fair queueing j bennet   h zhang  proc . infocom    
regular tree languages over non-ranked alphabets a bruggemann-klein   m murata   d wood unpublished manuscript     1998.0 
integral variable structure control approach for robot manipulators tl chern   
development of a bipolar element for pe-fuel cells fn bã 1/4 chi   m ruge demonstration in    
recent bt patents acc brennan bt technology journal   2001.0    
sagas h garcia-monina   k salem proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;      
reengineering revisited th davenport   l prusak computerworld    
ed short staffing : it is time to take a hard look at a growing problem and strategies such as gp lenehan journal of emergency nursing   1999.0    
attitude strength : one construct or many related constructs ? journal of personality and social psychology   ja krosnick   ds boninger   yc chuang   mk berentâ ? ¦  1993.0 
files with semantics n minsky proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     1976.0 
fire and ice : the cascade volcanoes : the mountaineers s harris  seattle   washington    
linux os competitive analysis v valloppillil   j cohen   
genes involved in the determination of the rate of inversions at short inverted repeats mm slupska   jh chiang   wm luther   jl stewart   l genes to cells     2000.0 
remarks on two-liquid model of helium ii rb dingle  phil . mag    
hard problems for simple logic programs yp saraiya   
theory and analysis for optimization of composite multi-row bolted joints & hellip ; structures technology conference   seattle   washington   lj hart-smith   
the business of software in the zone : the need for flexible roles communications-acm   p armour  2003.0 
chronic hibernating myocardium and chronic atrial fibrillation ; a prelude to apoptosis gd dispersyn   j ausma   f thonã ©   w flameng   ju    
amalgamating knowledge vs subrahmaniam acm trans . database systems    
risky subjects : changing geographies of employment in the automobile industry area   2001.0 d butz   d leslie   
hinge joints : do they really exist proceedings of the fifth international symposium   3-d & hellip ;   k halvorsen   p westblad   a lundberg   
fast on-line index construction by geometric partitioning 2005.0 n lester   a moffat   j zobel proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
path expressions for complex queries and automatic database program conversion b shneiderman   g thomas  vldb    
a systematic approach to ultrasonic slurry gfaas nj miller-ihli at . spectrosc      
thin solid films dc meyer   aa levin   p paufler   
content management systems at a glance j clyman pc magazine      
diverse divers : physiology and behavior 1989.0 gl kooyman   
superhard nc-tin/a-bn/a-tib 2 and nc-mnn/a-metal nanocrystalline composite coatings p karvankova munich : technical university munich    
acute short-term memory loss from trimethyltin exposure nn yanofsky   d nierenberg   jh turco journal of emergency medicine     1991.0 
hierarchical source routing using implied costs m montgomery   g veciana 2000.0  computer networks    
a randomized sorting algorithm on the bsp model av gerbessiotis   cj siniolakis    
the chipping forecast supplement to nature genetics   ng supplement   
springer verlag gmbh & co kg dt fã 1/4 r den maschinenbau   
database research at the indian institute of technology   bombay db phatak   nl sarda   s seshadri   s sudarshan sigmod record   1996.0    
some approximations to hypergeometric functions phil . mag   d wrinch   
jet database engine programmerâ ?? s guide 1995.0 d haught   j ferguson   
the communist movement in andhra : terror regime 1948å ? 51 â ?? in ar desai p sundarayya  peasant struggles in india   oxford university press   bombay    
vibrotactile feedback in delicate virtual reality operations r kazman   j robinson proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0    
nist electron elastic-scattering cross-section databaseâ ?? version 3.0   national institute of a jablonski   f salvat   cj powell md    
a two-layered integration approach for product information in b2b e-commerce b omelayenko   d fensel  lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
handling load with less stress n bansal   d gamarnik submitted for publication   2005.0    
e-cient asynchronous consensus with a valueoblivious adversary scheduler y aumann   m bender proceedings of the 23rd international conference on automata & hellip ;    
the information on the chernobyl accident and its consequences   prepared for iaea aa abagyan   vg asmolov   ak gusikovaâ ? ¦ at energ    
schwab impresses p gillin  computerworld    
risks of the passport signon protocol dp kormann   ad rubin computer networks      
a distributed multimedia authoring environment l hardman   g van rossum   dca bulterman proceedings of acm multimedia      
sectoral adjustment costs and real exchange rate dynamics in a two-sector dependent economy akmm morshed   sj turnovsky   2000.0 
orientation on go-331 5 rs grewal ciba research centre   ciba ( india ) ltd.   bombay    
type grammar revisited j lambek  lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
profiling and internet connectivity in automotive environments vldb   2002.0 m cilia   ap buchmann   
evolution of b2b marketplaces k tomak electronic markets     2002.0 
warming automotive catalysts with pulsating flows proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 sf benjamin   ca roberts   
the effects of head start and socioeconomic status on cognitive development of disadvantaged bs barnow 1973.0    
grammaticalization and related changes in contemporary german c lehmann approaches to grammaticalization      
the post office experiment : designing a large asynchronous chip proc 26th annu . hawaii int . conf . on systems a davis   b coates   k stevens   
globalization of the airline industry and implications for canada mw tretheway proceedings of canadian transportation research forum 25 & hellip ;      
some remarks on variable independence   closure   and orthographic dimension in constraint databases l libkin sigmod record     1999.0 
a new generation of workflow management systems : beyond taylorism with mobile c bussler   s jablonski   h schuster acm sigois bulletin   1996.0    
probabilistic ranking of database query results s chaudhuri   g das   v hristidis   g weikum proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2004.0 
biological recording in the united kingdom 3 vols . prepared on behalf of the coordinating commission j burnett   c copp   p harding isbn    
estimating the size of generalized transitive closures 1989.0 rj lipton   jf naughton vldb    
hemopoietic colonies 1977.0 d metcalf   
strategic budgeting . 1993.0 dp jones new directions for higher education    
translating models across scales in the landscape aw king quantitative methods in landscape ecology   1991.0    
dos ; shuai   z. g jl brã © das   j cornil   d beljonne   da dos santos acc . chem . res      
simulating and controlling the effects of transmission line impedance mismatches re canright jr 1986.0  proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;    
using tools to compose systems ieee computer   d garlan   ge kaiser   d notkin   
theory of point estimation el lehmann 1998.0    
market and nonmarket values of the georgia landscape mg turner   ep odum   r costanza   tm springer  environmental management   1988.0 
the asynchronous backtracking family submitted for publication   c bessiere   i brito   a maestre   p meseguer   
resistin/fizz3 expression in relation to obesity and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor - db savage   cp sewter   es klenk   dg segal   a vidal - 2001.0  diabetes-new york -    
c. dw ork and m. naor . non-malleable cryptography d dolev proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on the theory of & hellip ;      
multi-object tracking : explicit knowledge representation and implementation for complexity reduction m spengler   b schiele   
the effect of variable infiltration on design and management guidelines for surface irrigation sr raine   dj mcclymont   rj smith    
bpms : business process management systems acm sigois bulletin   d karagiannis  1995.0 
wll the lmplemzntatlon of a simple clclss of logic queries for databases   â ?? d sac &   c zamolo proc fifth acm sigact-sigmod symp on prmclples of database    
userâ ?? s guide for the substitution model ar meyer 1994.0    
potassium and its regulation fc luft  see ref    
theclustratelecom database : high availability   high throughput   and realtime response proceedings of so hvasshovd   o torbjornsen   se bratsberg   p zurich   switzerland    
disk allocation for cartesian product files hc du   js sobolewski  acm trans . on database systems    
an examination of the effect of ecological factors   especially competitive exclusion   on the proceedings of the 5 th indo-pacific fish conference   noumea & hellip ;   1999.0 dj woodland   
the demarcation protocol : a technique for maintaining linear arithmetic constraints in distributed acms anthology    
extensions ( fpce ) technical report c floating-point    
refrigeration and air conditioning with reduced e nvironmental impact dj bateman 1999.0    
an appraisal of the wisconsin junior livestock expositions dl drew 1963.0    
clinical and pathological findings of pmws cases in europe j segalã © s   m domingo proceedings of the 26th annual allen d. leman swine & hellip ;    
comparison of ilp formulations for the rwa problem submitted for b jaumard   c meyer   b thiongane   
an efficient message scheduling algorithm for wdm lightwave networks m ma   b hamidzadeh   m hamdi computer networks   1999.0    
fadbad   a flexible c++ package for automatic differentiation c bendtsen   o stauning   
advanced os/2 programming r duncan 1989.0    
n. a game theory approach to digital robust control [ c ] dj limebeer proc . of 28th ieee conference on decision and control   usa    
social interaction basis of cooperatorsâ ?? and competitorsâ ?? beliefs about others hh kelley   aj stahelski journal of personality and social psychology   1970.0 
reliable gossip schemes with random link failures k diks   a pelc  proc . of the 28th annual allerton conference on & hellip ;    
adjustment with a human face : protecting the vulnerable and promoting growth : a study by unicef.-v . ga cornia   r jolly   f stewart   
public-key cryptography and password protocols . february 1999 . earlier version in proc . of the 5th 1998.0 s halevi   h krawczyk   
strong functional dependencies and their application to normal forms in xml mw vincent   j liu   c liu acm transactions on database systems   2004.0    
alfred werner revisited : the coordination chemistry of anions . acc . chem . res   k bowman-james  2005.0 
two-view geometry estimation by random sample and consensus o chum 2005.0    
colchicine-induced bone marrow suppression : treatment with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor 2000.0 r harris   g marx   m gillett   a kark   s arunanthy journal of emergency medicine    
a particulate matter risk analysis for philadelphia and los angeles . prepared by abt associates for a associates md    
an object-oriented   procedural database for vlsi chip planning w wolf proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0    
new results on visual cryptography s droste lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
gofer 2.30 a release notes unpublished manuscript   mp jones   
teaching in a diverse environment : knowledge and skills needed by tas . n chism new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
