initiation of crazes in polystyrene as argon   jg hannoosh phil . mag    
the racing algorithm : model selection for lazy learners o maron   aw moore artificial intelligence review   1997.0 
semantics   pragmatics   and second language acquisition : the case of combien extractions l dekydtspotter   ra sprouse   k swanson   r thyre proceedings of the 23rd annual boston university conference & hellip ;    
on modelling behavloural semantics of data m brodm proc 7th int &#39; l conf vldb    
what are the national regimes and local traditions of social welfare and their historical derivation r greca  1995.0 
vision-based pedestrian detection : will ants help ? m bertozzi   a broggi   a fascioli   
pan-browser support for annotations and other meta-information on the world wide web ma schickler   ms mazer   c brooks www5 / computer networks   1996.0 
photoprotection by carotenoids mm mathews-roth fed proc   1987.0 
the velocity of sound below 1 k kr atkins   dv osborne phil . mag    
foundations of differential geometry ( interscience   new york   1963 ) s kobayashi   k nomizu vol .  
nsf workshop on industrial/academic cooperation in database systems m carey   l seligman sigmod record   1999.0 
î ³ - spectrometric determination of the content of natural radionuclides in ground water a mukhamedov   gv poteshkin   us salikhbaevâ ? ¦ at .  
came : the first step to automated software engineering m saeki procs . oopsla 2003 workshop on process engineering for & hellip ;    
intra-annual changes in the abundance of coho   chinook   and chum salmon in puget sound in 1997 rj beamish   m folkes   r sweeting   c mahnken   
transportation and world development jc lowe economic geography   1988.0 
xenobiotics and hammation lb schook   dl laskin san diego : academic    
mapinfo spatialware : a spatial information server for rdbms . c mina vldb   1998.0 
lp { the larch prover : version 3.1   1995 s garland mit   laboratory for computer science   http://larch . lcs . mit .  
â ?? punctualityâ ?? and verb semantics s engelberg   
land degradation in the yallahs basin   jamaica : historical notes and contemporary observations d barker   dfm mcgregor geography    
combining ontologies : an analysis of problems and solutions m klein   
dynamic performance and minimum loading effects of an isolated self-excited reluctance generator ys wang   
thin is in : wafer-thinning method delivers ultra-slim chips with a clean process d bursky electronic design    
collapse analysis of reinforced concrete frames under earthquake [ a ] cm liu   xl liu proc . int . conf . on concrete   1992.0 
advanced diagnostics : a pascal interactive system nh white   gm haylett information and software technology   1987.0 
fast ion dynamics in textor measured by collective thomson scattering h bindslev   l porte   ja hoekzema   d van eester   a   
cooking with biomass fuels increases the risk of blindness vk mishra   rd retherford   kr smith   
in the middle of the night : a psychosocial resource book for after hours st mcnamara   ec meyer   ka fraser   ea sands journal of emergency nursing   1997.0 
establishing the planning process for selecting appropriate career programs . pc winstead new directions for higher education   1987.0 
wireless lans at risk c ellison pc magazine april    
possibilities for natural enemies in heliothis management and the contribution of the commonwealth dj greathead   dj girling proc . int . workshop    
foundations of theoretical mechanics rm santilli  1984.0 
cross-cultural field study . j duley new directions for higher education   1974.0 
geopolitics and discourse : practical geopolitical reasoning in american foreign policy ã ? tuathail political geography    
hydrology and hydraulic systems . 2 ndedition waveland press inc. ; 867pp rs gupta  2001.0 
sql multimedia and application packages ( sql/mm ) base documents p cotton  1994.0 
polysaccharides from corallina officinalis jr turvey   pr simpson proc . int . seaweed symp    
literacy and health communities : potential partners in practice pa sissel   md hohn new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
morphological diagnosis and heterogeneity . atlas of tumor pathology : tumors of the lower respiratory tv colby   mn koss   wd travis md    
metaphorical models of thought and speech : a comparison of historical directions and metaphorical ee sweetser procs . 13th annual meeting of the berkeley linguistics & hellip ;    
certificate programs : alternative ways to career advancement and social mobility gj lopos new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
pflanzensoziologie.â ?? springer verlag j braun-blanquet wien   at    
automatic acquisition of the lexical semanl   ics of verbs fl ` om sentence frames m webster   m mm ` cus procs of a cl &#39; 89    
erp project dynamics and enacted dialogue : perceived understanding   perceived leeway   and the nature p besson   f rowe acm sigmis database   2001.0 
a perspective on the future of massively parallel computing : fine-grain vs. coarse-grain parallel pt tosic   
efficient ebv superinfection of group i burkitt 's lymphoma cells distinguishes requirements for tj evans   mg jacquemin   pj farrell virology-new york -   1995.0 
human resource development 's role in women 's career progress ks mcdonald   lm hite new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 
the disposition of children with croup treated with racemic epinephrine and dexamethasone in the jd rizos   be digravio   mj sehl   jm tallon journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
on ripples jr wilton phil . mag    
supporting multi-party voice-over-ip services with peer-to-peer stream processing x gu   z wen   ps yu   zy shae proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
varbrul programs s pintzuk unpublished manuscript    
using signal proceesing to analyze wireless data traffic c partridge   d cousins   a jackson   r krishnan   t proceedings of acm workshop on wireless  
nonlinear programming : a historical note hw kuhn history of mathematical programming ( jk lenstra et al.   eds . & hellip ;   1991.0 
a tutorial introduction to the electronic design interchange format jp eurich   
others . 1995 . ecological effects of stocked trout in naturally fishless high mountain lakes   north wj liss pacific northwest region   seattle    
v-blast : an architecture for realizing very high data rates over the rich-scattering wireless pw wolniansky   gj foschini   gd golden   ra   
before they called it psychopharmacology he lehmann neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
what should be optimized in a decision tree n berkman   t sandholm technical report   university of massachusetts at amherst    
a sustainable world tc trzyna   
building clinical information spaces on the world wide web p wehr proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group international & hellip ;    
shifting factors and the ineffectiveness of third party assurance seals : a two-stage model of dh mcknight   cj kacmar   v choudhury electronic markets   2004.0 
origin and evolution of auchenorrhyncha ( homoptera ) based upon fossil evidence de shcherbakov proc . 28th int . congr . entomol    
have you hugged an editor today ? r raskin pc magazine    
dynamics of red [ a ] d lin   r morris proceedings of sigcomm   1997.0 
eqmvalence properties of semantic data models for database systems sa borkin tr-206   laboratory of computer science   mit   cambridge   mass    
high performance fortran : status report gl steele jr acm sigplan notices   1993.0 
spatial and temporal variabilities of phytoplankton community structure in the northern north y obayashi   e tanoue   k suzuki   n handa   y nojiri deep-sea research i   2001.0 
bitwidth aware global register allocation s tallam   r gupta   
user-level operating system extensions based on system call interposition a alexandrov  1999.0 
recentering learning : an interdisciplinary approach to academic and student affairs r guarasci new directions for higher education   2001.0 
modelling security policies in hypermedia and web-based applications p diaz   i aedo   f panetsos lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
the case for multi-tier camera sensor networks p kulkarni   d ganesan   p shenoy   
detailed data cited in a copper bullet for software quality improvement ieee computer   february 2004 m blaha ieee computer   2004.0 
wave scattering from rough surfaces ag voronovich  1994.0 
web-based casinos are beating the odds k nash   
standards in practice   grades k-2 lk crafton   
the distributed sediment budget model and watershed management in the paleozoic plateau of the upper sw trimble physical geography    
conflicting expertise and uncertainty : quality assurance in high-level radioactive waste management mr fitzgerald   as mccabe new directions for program evaluation   1991.0 
asymptotic analysis for a two-scales penalization method in fluid dynamics g carbou   
programmable mobile networks at campbell   me kounavis   rrf liao computer networks   1999.0 
moderators of self-other agreement : reconsidering temporal stability in personality jc biesanz   sg west   wg graziano journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
noaa air resources laboratory : silver spring rr draxler   gd rolph md    
role of protege personality in receipt of mentoring and career success db turban   tw dougherty the academy of management journal   1994.0 
report on the first international conference on ontologies   databases and applications of semantics k aberer acm sigmod record   2003.0 
quality assurance for welding of japanese welded beam-to-column connections m nakashima procs . of third inter . conf . on behavior of steel struct . in & hellip ;    
icame conference ( rio de janeiro ) 1997 hyperfine interact f varretâ ? ¦  1998.0 
a national-scale authentication infrastructure rb von welch   d engert   i foster   s tuecke   j ieee computer    
photothermal in v estigations of solids and fluids jr barker   bm toselli academic   san diego    
global functioning within a system of care for youths with serious emotional disturbance : a closer mp bates  1999.0 
pz nets a formal method integrating petri nets with z. x he information & software technology   2001.0 
creativity   divergent thinking   and openness to experience rr mccrae journal of personality and social psychology    
a competitive edge in collaborative work ; project management tool uses web-based collaboration to ah johnson   
goldman-segal   â ?? capturingstoriesinorganizationalmemorysystems : theroleof multimedia   â ?? vs raoandr proc . 28th annual hawaii int . conf . on systems science    
teaching with historical novels a four step approach j smith   d dobson social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
defective e-cadherin/catenin complexes in human cancer e van aken   o de wever   as correia da rocha   m virchows archiv   2001.0 
efficient backprop y lecun   l bottou   gb orr   kr mueller lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
relationships as natural categories c sedikides   n olsen   ht reis journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
realizing a temporal complex-object data model portal.acm.org   
play it again : a study of the factors underlying speech browsing behavior s whittaker   j hirschberg   c nakatani proceedings of acm chi   1998.0 
safety considerations in retailing hydrogen jl alcock   rf cracknell   jj rowson   lc shirvill   a world hydrogen energy conference   montreal   canada   june    
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries . extended version g gottlob   c koch   r pichler proc . of the 28th international conference on very large & hellip ;    
wernicke 's encephalopathy in aids patient treated with zidovudine dg davtyan   hv vinters lancet i   1987.0 
the eventivity constraint and modal reference effect in root infinitives n hymas  1999.0 
jd u1lman   '' v harinarayan   a rajaraman implementing data cubes efficiently ''   sigmod conference    
dynamics of child care subsidy under a welfare reform policy l gennetian   p morris   w vargas unpublished manuscript   manpower demonstration research & hellip ;    
contextualizing ontologies p bouquet   f giunchiglia   f van harmelen   l journal of web semantics   2004.0 
efficient data view maintenance warehouses d agrawal   a el abbadi   a singh   t yurek proc . acm sigmod    
e-mail from gail johnson   2002   ( 2002 )   '' g johnson   
a place called school : prospects for the future j goodlad  1984.0 
inductive logic programming : derivations   successes and shortcomings s muggleton lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 
network security essentials   ( 2000 ) prentice hall w stallings   
a new view of v ( d ) j recombination m gellert genes to cells   1996.0 
the presidential perspective on mission review for new career programs . ap splete new directions for higher education   1987.0 
implementing data cubes efficiently [ j ] v hafinarayan   a rajaraman   jd ullman sigmod    
weapons as aggression-eliciting stimuli l berkowitz   a lepage journal of personality and social psychology    
nonlinear dynamics of bandpass sigmaâ ?? delta modulation o feelyâ ? ¦   
software quality assurance through prototyping and automated testing me staknis information and software technology   1990.0 
removal policies in network caches for www documents s williams   m abrams   c standridge   g abdulla   e acm sigcomm    
applying the golden rule of sampling for query estimation yl wu   d agrawal   a el abbadi proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2001.0 
user-interface architecture of web-based applications p hejda  2001.0 
shifting to a work first program for welfare recipients : lessons from los angeles county e weissman new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
source acm sigmod record archive j melton acm sigmod record   2002.0 
the attitudes of final year geography undergraduates to teaching as a career t unwin geography    
the price of beanie babies-and other web wonders for k-6 economics dl yoho social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
connecticut 's jobs first program : an analysis of welfare leavers . l melton   d bloom  2000.0 
editor 's notes r goldstein the american statistician   1996.0 
a fast algorithm for calculating a tracker in statistical database d denning   j schlorer acm transactions on database systems    
a lyre of savage thunder : a study of the poetry of roy campbell jf povey   r campbell wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1966.0 
e-mail and www browsers : a forensic computing perspective on the need for improved user education v broucek   p turner & hellip ; association international conference   seattle washington   & hellip ;   2002.0 
algebraic approaches to program semantics eg manes   ma arbib  1986.0 
strategic preparedness : a critical requirement to maximize e-commerce investments ka saban electronic markets   2001.0 
resolving semantic heterogeneity through the explicit representation of data model semantics sd urban   j wu sigmod record   1991.0 
sala-i-martin   xavier ( 1995 ) economic growth rj barro new  
integrated price and reliability regulation : the european experience v ajodhia   
machine learning applications to power systems n hatziargyriou   
principles of an icons-based language c frasson   m er-radi acm sigmod record   1986.0 
local model checking for real-time systems ov sokolsky   sa smolka lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
the role of visual rhetoric in the design and production of electronic books : the visual book m landoni electronic library   2000.0 
javascript   dpunkt . verlag s koch   
some shortcomings of ocl   the object constraint constraint language of uml m vaziri   d jackson technical report   massachusetts institute of technology    
a timing-based schema for stabilizing information exchange in networks a arora   d poduska proc . int . conf . on computer networks    
languages for relational databases over interpreted structures   in â ?? pods 1997 m benedikt   l libkin proceedings of the sixteenth acm-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ;    
a. e1 abbadi . efficient integration and aggregation of historical information m riedewald   d agrawal technical report 2002-07   university of california   santa  
meeting the userâ ?? s intention in programming by demonstration systems . m sassin   s bocionek proc acquisition learning and demonstration workshop    
take a walk   grow a tree sb bc   jy cat proc . 29th annual ieee symposium on foundations of computer & hellip ;    
on the decidability and complexity of integrating ontologies and rules r rosati journal of web semantics   2005.0 
an adaptable and adjustable mapping from xml data to tables in rdb w xiao-ling   l jin-feng   d yi-sheng proceedings of the vldb 2002 workshop eextt and caise 2002 & hellip ;   2003.0 
stepping into elementary schools in japan sl field   ld labbo social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
first international symposium on gis in fishery sciences t nishida seattle   washington   usa ( abstracts )    
waxweb3 d blairâ ? ¦ interactive www/vrml demonstration    
the throughflow within ombai strait r molcard   m fieux   f syamsudin deep-sea research i   2001.0 
the principles   practice and pitfalls of nearest-neighbour analysis in linear situations da pinder   me witherick geography    
theory and practice of electro-remediation r lageman nato/ccms pilot study : demonstration of remedial action & hellip ;    
magnetic resonance imaging with implanted neurostimulators : a first numerical approach using finite ma golombeck   a staubert   vm tronnier   
sticky prices : ipo pricing on nasdaq and the neuer markt w aussenegg   p pichler   a stomper   
sat-based model checking : a tutorial and overview p bjesse   m sheeran   g stalmarck submitted for publication   february    
solidification by cementation of radioactively contaminated natural waters vn epimakhov   ms oleinik   vv martynov at .  
on the tear strength of rubbers an gent   aw henry proc . int . rubber conf.   brighton    
iso seeks to harmonize numerous global efforts in software process management mc paulk   md konrad ieee computer    
the cg tutorial : the definitive guide to programmable real-time graphics . [ sl ] : addison-wesley pub co r fernando   mj kilgard   
1987   no silver bullet : essence and accidents of software engineering fp brooks jr ieee  
safari sojourns : exploring south africa with the new geography standards ld labbo   sl field   dl brook social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
subnanosecond arithmetic second report mj flynn   g de micheli   r dutton   rf pease   b   
a query language for list-based complex objects ls colby   
the use of ultrasound technology to determine gender of snakehead fish ( channa striatus ) . book of d montgomery   bl leamaster   rp weidenbach world aquacult . soc . meeting   seattle   washington usa    
comb . and flame   6 ea arden   j powling   waw smith no . i    
a picture book of thomas jefferson   holiday house   new york   1990 d adler   
access to microsystem technology : the cmp services solution b charlot   b courtois   h delori   jf paillotin   k   
serendipitous information retrieval proceedings of the first delos network of excellence workshop on eg toms & hellip ; in digital libraries ( zurich   switzerland   december 11 -- 12    
the political ecology of war : natural resources and armed conflicts p le billon political geography   2001.0 
the carrot or the stick : the demands for rewards and punishments and their effects on cooperation j andreoni   w harbaugh   l vesterlund university of wisconsin    
catherine cookson country : tourist expectation and experience d pocock geography    
us postage paid permit no. 8098 ridgely n org   
performance of recovery architectures in parallel associative database processors . af cardenas   f alavian   a avizienis acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
sql/med â ?? a status report j melton   je michels   v josifovski   k kulkarni   p acm sigmod record   2002.0 
the supersid project : exploiting high-level information for high-accuracy speaker recognition da reynolds   w andrews   j campbell   j navratil   b   
local verification of global constraints in distributed databases a gupta   j widom proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
data access ( tutorial session ) ja blakeley   a deshpande acm sigmod record   2000.0 
the effects of fracture type ( induced versus natural ) on the stress-fracture closure-permeability je gale proceedings of the 23rd rock mechanics symposium . berkeley : & hellip ;    
towards an algebraic semantics for the object paradigm ja goguen   r diaconescu lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
on the encipherment of search trees and random access files r bayer   jk metzger acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
a tutorial on learning bayesian networks   ( rep. no . msr-tr-95-06 ) d heckerman microsoft research    
a disk-based join with probabilistic guarantees c jermaine   a dobra   s arumugam   s joshi   a pol proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
7000   â ?? optical cross connect systemâ ?? amn hitachi mci demonstration report    
adaptive-level memory caches on world wide web servers [ j ] hrk da wei chang   rc chang computer networks    
input-queued router architectures exploiting cell-based switching fabrics ma marsan   a bianco   p giaccone   e leonardi   f computer networks   2001.0 
web authoring s terdemanâ ? ¦ pc magazine   september    
vitamin d receptors : molecular structures of the protein and its chromosomal gene jw pike   ra kesterson   ra scott   sa kerner   dp & hellip ; : proceedings of the seventh workshop on vitamin d. new york & hellip ;    
advanced dial-a-ride algorithms : interim report nhm wilson   rw weissberg   bt higonnet   j hauser  1975.0 
unix rdbms : the next generation what are the unix relational-database vendors doing to survive in b rosenblatt sigmod record   1994.0 
monte-carlo model requirements for hardware-in-the-loop missile simulations hl pastrick   ls isom   cm will   rj vinson   lh hazel & hellip ; simulation conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1976.0 
pvm-prolog : parallel logic programming in the pvm system r marques   jc cunha procs . of the 1995 pvm userâ ?? s group meeting   pittsburgh   & hellip ;    
wireless lans appear to breach crimes bill p brislen computerworld    
the stationery office ep act isbn    
themousebraininstereotaxiccoordinates f paxinosg san diego : academic    
operating system extensions for the teradata parallel vldb ncr ncr   
on the statistical estimation of mean lifetimes ms bartlett phil . mag    
n   l. libkin   incremental maintenance of views with duplicates t gri proceedings of the acm-sigmod conference    
web-based collaborative library research s robertson   s jitan   k reese proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
mstar extended operating conditions : a tutorial er keydel   sw lee   j moore proceedings spie   1996.0 
io issues in a multimedia system aln reddy   j wyllie   
the group paradigm for concurrency control a el abbadi   s toueg proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1988.0 
intermediary infrastructures for the world wide web md dikaiakos computer networks   2004.0 
new programs at darpa and nsf . x qian sigmod record   1996.0 
bypassed again ? is often left out of web planning e booker computerworld    
an architecture for coordinating planning   sensing   and action r simmons procs . darpa workshop on innovative approaches to planning   & hellip ;    
larch : languages and tools for formal specification j guttag   jj horningâ ? ¦  1993.0 
dynamics of pond aquaculture hs egna   ce boyd  1997.0 
conditioning of radioactive wastes by incorporation into clay-based ceramic matrices as aloi   bs kuznetsov   yv kuznetsov at .  
status of megawatt gyrotron development at cpi k felch   m blank   p borchard   p cahalan   s proc . 26th int . conf . infrared and millimeter waves ( icfrm  
study on the assessment   the enhancement of the legal infrastructure and the management of the t adamakopoulos   s gatzogiannis   k poirazidis world wildlife fundâ ?? greece   athens    
learning with interactive multimedia sr ambron   k hooper  1990.0 
e-mail from mary gephart howard   2002   ( 2002 )   '' mg howard   
automatic verification of timed concurrent constraint programs . 2003 m falaschi   a villanueva submitted for  
a synthesis of women 's career development issues ll bierema new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 
multimedia memory of mayan medicine ( demonstration ) ta smith   b woloch   l teodosio   jc de la parra   fg proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
mobile ipv6 and the future of wireless internet access sj vaughan-nichols   
maximum wireless security ( chapter 9 ) c peikari   s fogie   
a homotopy approach to rational covariance extension with degree constraint p enqvist   
27 good reasons to buy a cd-rom player r raskin pc magazine-american edition -   1992.0 
the first year of college teaching ld fink new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 
creating community within individual courses aw chickering new directions for higher education   2000.0 
uk team surveys web-based visualization k brodlie   s lovegrove   j wood proceedings of acm siggraph 2000    
federal agencies fail security test l didio computerworld    
report on the 1995 international workshop on temporal databases a segev   cs jensen   rt snodgrass sigmod record   1995.0 
thor userâ ?? s manual : tutorial and commands ra hi   t blank   k choi   sy hwang   a salz   l soule   technical report csl-tr-88-348   stanford university   stanford    
64-channel wdm wavelength-selective receiver monolithically integrated on inp substrate n kikuchi   y shibata   h okamoto   y kawaguchi   s proc . 28th eur . conf . on opt .  
sharing and first class functions in object-oriented languages ta budd submitted for  
1930   ( posted at www . rootsweb . com/kyletcher )   '' lc births  1921.0 
the student learning self-study : choices and opportunities sr hatfield new directions for higher education   2001.0 
unsolved problems in planning as constraint satisfaction t bedrax-weiss   ak jonsson   ml ginsberg unpublished manuscript   1996.0 
chin   dn   mammen   m. & gordon   dm ( 1995 ) gm whitesides   ee simanek   jp mathias   ct seto acc . chem . res    
statistical zero-knowledge proofs with efficient provers : lattice problems and more d micciancio   s vadhan   
real-time specification inheritance anomalies and real-time filters m aksit   j bosch   w van der sterren   l bergmans lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
effect of impurities on the performance of reactor graphite ys virgilâ ?? ev at . energiya    
surface heat budget of the arctic ocean science plan   arcss/oaii report number 5 re moritz   dk perovich seattle : university of washington    
balancing quality of service   pricing and utilisation in multiservice networks with stream and k lindberger proc . itc    
source international conference on management of data archive a tiwary   m franklin proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1998.0 
feeding ecology offish sd gerking san diego   academic    
falls in the elderly : a multifactorial problem s letvak journal of emergency nursing   2000.0 
tg   1984 : longwave parameterization for the ucla/glas gcm . nasa tech . mem . 86072   goddard space c harshvardhan   
editions frontieres   1997 r gispert   fr bouchet   
heteroscedastic one-way anova and lack-of-t test mg akritas   n papadatos  2001.0 
concluding notes : a direction for learning . a sgroi   la cavaliere new directions for adult and continuing education   1992.0 
methods for isolating the tentacular nematocysts of the lion 's mane jellyfish   cyanea capillata . wr kem   c ostman unep   athens ( greece ) . 1991.   1991.0 
polling emotional attitudes in relation to political choices m maccoby  1969.0 
mapinfo spatialwareâ ® a spatial information server for rdbms m chebel proceedings of the 24 thvldb conference   new york   usa    
a mini-computer network for support of real time research wj lennon proc . acm annual conf    
sasse : the collaborative editor r baecker   g glass   a mitchell   i posner proc . acm   1994.0 
eutrapetia : a forgotten virtue . h rahner man at    
handbook of optical constants of solids academic ed palik new york    
iso working draft sql multimedia and application packages ( sql/mm ) - parts 1â ± 8 m ashworth documents x3h2-96-295 to    
the dynamics of language r kempson   r cann   l marten unpublished manuscript   2002.0 
a recovery model for defensive information warfare b panda   s patnaik & hellip ; of the 9th international conference on management of  
ethics commissions and ethics councils in international comparison m fuchs indo-german workshop on bioethics   bombay   india   march    
linking organization and mobilization : michels 's iron law of oligarchy reconsidered d rucht mobilization-san diego -   1999.0 
high-performance i/o for massively parallel computers : problems and prospects jm rosario   an choudhary ieee computer    
machine learning for the improvement of scheduling algorithms mj realff   g stephanopoulos lispe technical report   massachusetts institute of technology  
the significance of the pair-bond in the kittiwake jc coulson proc int ornithol congr    
technical report 26 d mccaughran   s hoag iphc   seattle   washington    
computer hardware description languages-a tutorial g sajjan proceedings of the ieee   1979.0 
windspeed on mountains ew wahl  1966.0 
nonlinear black-box identification of distillation column models-design variable selection for model wm ling   de rivera applied mathematics and computer science   1998.0 
elements of statistical computing ( 1988 ) ra thisted   
irs-ii : a framework and infrastructure for semantic web services e motta   j domingue   l cabral   m gaspari lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
the scsh manual . november 1995   scsh release 0.4 o shivers mit laboratory for computer science . ( also available at url http :  
ontologies : a silver bullet for knowledge management and electronic commerce b contents sigmod record   2002.0 
microsoftâ ?? s palladium : a new security initiative m hachman   s rupley pc  
graph isomorfizm algorithm for regular vlsi structure v kureichik   a tetelbaum proc . 28th annual conf . in information sciences and systems   & hellip ;    
programmer 's guide to pc & ps/2 video systems r wilton  1987.0 
sex differences in achievement : a test of alternate theories js eccles   t adler   jl meece journal of personality and social psychology    
excitation dynamics : insights from simplified membrane models j rinzel fed . proc   1985.0 
rave : real-time services for the web p england   rb allen   r underwood www5 / computer networks   1996.0 
chemical process dynamics and identification   lecture notes sb jorgensen technical university of denmark    
ethics and hr : standards in practice g edwards   k bennett personnel administrator    
m. tokuda computational study of polycrystalline behaviour under complex loading conditions f havlicek proceedings of plasticity    
optimal processing and optimal relationships in phase direction finders and phase rangefinders nv sobtsov radiotekhnika i elektronika   1977.0 
watermaking three-dimensional polygonal models r ohbuchi   h masuda   m aono   
388.6 â ?? 7 ( csm i 25 ) x at at  
infective endocarditis in intravenous drug users : does hiv status alter the presenting temperature dj robinson   mc lazo   t davis   ja kufera journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
ethics in practice e perloff   jk perloff new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
point processes and queues   martingale dynamics p brã © maud  1981.0 
the rural-urban fringe gs wehrwein economic geography   1942.0 
molecular dynamics study of melting . pt . 3 . spontaneous dislocation generation and the dynamics of rmj cotterill   d kristensen phil . mag.   1974.0 
the nonlinear membrane energy : variational derivation under the constraint â ?? detâ ?? u = 0â ?? o anza hafsa   jp mandallena   
peptide t in treatment of aids l wetterberg   b alexius   j saaf   a sonnerborg   s lancet i   1987.0 
exploring media correlation and synchronization for navigated hypermedia documents ky liu   hy chen proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
use of intramuscular midazolam for status epilepticus ar towne   rj delorenzo journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
design metrics in practice ba kitchenham   sj linkman information and software technology   1990.0 
practical optimization of simulations : computation and tools k sinapiromsaran  2000.0 
e-commerce database issues and experience a rajaraman   
semantics for multi-agent only knowing a waaler   b solhaug submitted for publication    
a high performance universb1 key associative access method dl lome acmsigmod   int . conf . on management of data   san jose    
programs that work at bellarmine college . ev petrik new directions for higher education   1979.0 
analysis and numerical solution of a nonlinear cross-diffusion system arising in population dynamics g galiano submitted for publication   2000.0 
attributing mental attitudes to groups : cooperation in a qualitative game theory g boella   l van der torre  2003.0 
chemokinesis in paramecium : a genetic approach jl van houten  1976.0 
textdatabases : asurveyoftext models and systems a loeen proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
semi-invariant submanifolds of a sasakian manifold a bejancu   n papaghiuc to  
the virtual journal rc roistacher computer networks    
loads on bulk solids containers   standards association of australia a standard   
effect of nutritional status on outcome of orthotopic liver transplantation in pediatric patients aa moukarzel   i najm   j vargas   sv mcdiarmid   rw transplant proc   1990.0 
cooking with biomass fuels increases the risk of tuberculosis vk mishra   rd retherford   kr smith   
editor 's notes nl smith new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
a fortran compiler for fhe massively parallel processor k knobe   db loveman   m marcus   i wells technical report cadd-8402-2101 . massachusetts computer  
resource control for elastic traffic in cdma networks va siris proceedings of acm mobicom 2002   2002.0 
improvement of temporal quality of hmd for rotational motion y yanagida   m inami   s tachi   
exercise-associated hyponatremia in marathon runners : a two-year experience dp davis   js videen   a marino   gm vilke   jv journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
rating scales for psychopathology   health status   and quality of life : a compendium on documentation p bech  1993.0 
the automated will : nonconscious activation and pursuit of behavioral goals ja bargh   pm gollwitzer   a lee-chai   k barndollar   journal of personality and social psychology   2001.0 
november 2002   â ?? f times microsoft makes    
angry adolescents who worry about becoming violent me silver   tm field   ce sanders   m diego adolescence-san diego -   2000.0 
the vusystem : a programming system for visual processing of digital video c lindblad   d wetherall   d tennenhouse proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
will wright on the secret of sims ca mangis pc magazine    
option pricing with infinitely divisible returns n schumacher  1997.0 
software for audiophiles : four music appreciation packages r kendall pc magazine   1993.0 
kek c-band rf-system r & d status for linear collider h matsumoto   ss win   kek shigeru takeda   t japan     
putting theory to practice and practice to theory hkm baskett   vv marsick   rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education   1992.0 
lagrangean relaxation and constraint generation procedures for capacitated plant location problems j barcelo   ã ? hallefjord   e fernandez   k jã ¶ rnsten or spectrum   1990.0 
drosophila p element transposase acts as a transcriptional repressor in vitro pk kaufman   dc rio  1990.0 
using the instructional budget to maintain quality . ca young new directions for higher education   1984.0 
an information-theoretic approach to data mining m last   o maimon submitted to publication   1999.0 
report on l irst international workshop on real-time database systems s son sigmod record   1996.0 
bayesian clustering by dynamics p sebastiani   p cohen machine  
building understandings in literacy and teaching ( cd-rom ) k love   k pigdon   g baker the university of melbourne . demonstration at    
a fair deterministic packet access protocol : f-rama ( fair resource assignment multiple access ala pinheiro   jrb de marca electronic letters   1996.0 
verifying et-lotos programs with kronos c daws   a olivero   s yovine   
charles e. campbell   andrew eisenberg and jim melton xml schema acm sigmod record    
real-time environmental applications and display system ( ready ) website ( h ttp : / / www . arl . noaa . gov gd rolph md    
support vector clustering a ben-hur   d horn   ht siegelmann   v vapnik journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
a. bansal c. leangsuksun c. asthagiri   masc : an associative computing paradigm jpjbs scott ieee computer    
expression of neurotrophin receptor trka inhibits angiogenesis in neuroblastoma a eggert   ma grotzer   n ikegaki   x liu   ae evans     
university of sydney   2002 f robotics also  
fault tolerance : principles and practice pa lee   t anderson  1990.0 
the glow cache coherence extensions for widely shared data s kaxiras   jr goodman computer sciences technical report-university of wisconsin & hellip ;   1996.0 
brest reactor fuel cycle av lopatkin   vv orlov   ag sila-novitskiiâ ? ¦ at .  
the lord of the rings : efficient maintenance of views at data warehouses d agrawal   a mostefaoui   m raynal   m roy   
multi-annual atmospheric circulation change and climate oscillation in first synoptic region n sidorenkov   p svirenko proceedings of hydrometcenter    
a history of mobile communicationsâ ?? 1995 to 2010 p smyth bt technology journal   2000.0 
wealth   status and â ?? raceâ ?? in the ruthin of edward ii m stevens geography   2000.0 
sequential sampling procedures for query size estimation pjhan swami   
1920   ( posted at www . rootsweb . com/kyletcher )   '' lc births  1911.0 
a mixed-signal hall sensor ic with direction detection d draxelmayr   r borgschulze   
functionalities and limitations ofcurrentworkowmanagement systems g alonso   d agrawal   a el abbadi   c mohan technical report   ibm almaden research center   1997 . to appear  
prevention and control of nosocomial infections . 3rd ed . 1997   williams & wilkins   baltimore rp wenzel   
a   shader   r 1   greenblatt   d j.   and creelman   w. l   eds ( 1995 ) drug interactmns rn psychfatry   d crraulo   
improving military helicopter supportability with the integrated mechanical diagnostics ( imd ) health rc muldoon   re hayden european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
building e-commerce applications from object-oriented conceptual models o pastor   s abrahã # o   j fons   
current status of home parenteral nutrition in the united states l howard   m malone transplantation proceedings   1996.0 
kr ( 1967a ) c varma phil . mag    
organizational actions in response to threats and opportunities p chattopadhyay   wh glick   gp huber academy of management journal   2001.0 
numerical simulation of the bk 117/ec 145 fuselage flow field e schoell european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
memory systems for parallel programming be richards  1996.0 
logical physics i : foundations of chaos k svozil technical university vienna preprint   feruary    
on-the-fly testing of reactive systems m veanes   c campbell   w schulte   p kohli submitted for  
costimulatory molecule-deficient dendritic cell progenitors induce t cell hyporesponsiveness in f fu   y li   s qian   l lu   fd chambers   te starzl   transplantation proceedings   1997.0 
universal finiteness and satisfiability is mumick   o shmueli   
an xml based framework for cognitive vision architectures s wrede   j fritsch   c bauckhage   g sagerer   
untangling the web r wallach   l mccann santa barbara : university of california   santa barbara   ( 1996 )  
the educationist and medical illustration . cr coles j audiov media med   1978.0 
editor 's notes dw leslie new directions for higher education    
the urban and schwarzenberg anatomical illustrations . c clarke j audiov media med   1978.0 
freshwater mollusks of the upper klamath drainage   oregon . 1998 yearly report to oregon natural tj frest   ej johannes deixis consultants   seattle   washington . vii    
on fault tolerance and worst-case response time analysis in can n navet   yq song proceedings of the 23rd ifac/ifip workshop on real-time & hellip ;    
simulating granular flow with molecular dynamics gh ristow   
policy   politics and emigration : reexamining the mexican experience . ro de la garza   g szekely unpublished manuscript    
measurements of mechanical stress drift in ic plastic packages using the piezo-hall effect d manic   j petr   rs popovic proc . 29th eur . solid-state device  
radar determination of winds at sea rk moore   ak fung ieee   proceedings   1979.0 
an interactivesystemto learn funcionallogic programs fbd gunetti   
lubricant film thickness and shape using interferometry and imaging process r bassani   e ciulli proceedings of the 23rd leeds-lyon symposiumon tribology . & hellip ;    
from whence have we come ? the first twenty-five years of educational gerontology r hiemstra new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 
nonlinear optical properties of organic molecules and crystals   vols . 1 and 2 ds chemla   j zyss i ( academic   newyork  
speculation and historical interpretation for fifth and sixth graders e schneider   la gregory social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
tw ( 1996 ) . a communication agreement framework for access/action control m roscheisen technical report   stanford  
an efficient feature selection algorithm for classification of gene expression data c campbell   y li   m tipping   
cultural watersheds : diagramming one 's own experience of culture kj hoelscher social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
md 1995 johnnie e. jones pa vieta sr md    
putting packages to the test m burgess at   1993.0 
publishing and publishers : towards an historical geography of countryside writing   c. 1930-1950 c brace area   2001.0 
tree pattern aggregation for scalable xml data dissemination cy chan   w fan   p felber   mn garofalakis   r vldb   2002.0 
8 thed . aoac international   gaithersburg ba manual md    
the effects of sex   marital status   and educational background on selection decisions pa renwick   h tosi the academy of management journal   1978.0 
book review column k aberer sigmod 2002.0 
implementing data cubes efficiently . acm sigmod proceedings 1996   and via ftp db v harinarayan   r rajaraman   jd ullman stanford . edu as  
effect of added dietary fat on exercising horses km greiwe   tn meacham   jp fontenot   
organizational career stage as a moderator of the satisfaction-performance relationship s gould   bl hawkins the academy of management journal   1978.0 
the cog project : building a humanoid robot ra brooks   c breazeal   m marjanovic   b scassellati lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
artdb-95 workshop report m berndtsson   j hansson acm sigmod record    
enterprise data architectures : a study of practice gg shanks first australian data management conference    
future of mobile and wireless communications m birchler   pp smyth   g martinez   m baker bt technology journal   2003.0 
toward a comprehensive theory for alzheimer 's disease . hypothesis : alzheimer 's disease is caused by dj selkoe annals-new york academy of sciences   2000.0 
respirometric evaluation of process kinetic and stoichiometry for aerobic systems phd thesis e ubay cã?okgoã?r istanbul technical university    
analysis and design of multiagent systems using mas-commonkads ca iglesias   m garijo   jc gonzalez   jr velasco lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
silver . on the singular cardinals problem h jack proc . int . congr . math . vancouver    
building applications with microsoft outlook version 2002 r byrne  2001.0 
innovation   regional knowledge spillovers and r & d cooperation m fritsch   g franke   
presented at the nasa sel workshop   dec. 1993   nasa goddard space flight center   greenbelt f mcgarry md    
the design of a rotating associative memory for relational database applications cs lin   dcp smith   jm smith acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
a knowledge based structural design of machine tools for fms/fmc k iwata   n sugimura proc . of 21st int . seminar of manufacturing  
status of the jyfl-ecr ion source ( abstract only ) j arje   v nieminen   j choinski   ta antaya oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
xml : how it will be applied to digital library systems hh kim electronic library   2000.0 
ketamine abusers presenting to the emergency department : a case series al weiner   l vieira   ca mckay jr   mj bayer journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries g gottlob   c koch   r pichler acm transactions on database systems   2005.0 
affective intelligenceâ ?? the missing link ? rw picard   g cosier bt technology journal   1997.0 
biomedical journals and the world wide web d schoonbaert electronic library   1998.0 
managing rule conflicts in an active database hv jagadish   ao mendelzon   is mumick proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod sigart symposium on & hellip ;   1996.0 
a history of system r and sql/data system ra yost proc . very large data bases   cannes    
globalizaciã ³ n   inmigraciã ³ n y educaciã ³ n   universidad de granada   granada e gervilla   
repton model of gel electrophoresis and diffusion b widom   jl viovy   ad defontaines j. phys . i france   1991.0 
kluwer academic publishers   1991 i approach   
building distributed control systems using distributed active realtime databases m lundin  1998.0 
mccracken : software faces seven major issues . r shoor computerworld.   1981.0 
constraintlisp : an object-oriented constraint programming language ' b liu   yw ku acm sigplan notices   1992.0 
modeling focus of attention for meeting indexing s rainer   y jie   w alex proceedings of acm multimedia    
shutdown   budget   and funding x qian sigmod record   1996.0 
radioecological consequences of the radiation accident on the nuclear-powered submarine in bukhta yv sivintsev   vl vysotskii   va danilyan at .  
academic service learning : a counternormative pedagogy jpf howard new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
localized rademacher complexities pl bartlett   o bousquet   s mendelson lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
tap : a semantic web test-bed r guha   r mccool journal of web semantics   2003.0 
cheap bjdd is really acm sigmod record    
automatic video annotation using ontologies extended with visual information m bertini   a del bimbo   c torniai proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
logistics excellence in europe at kearney at kerney    
the contagion of self-focus within a dyad b stephenson   ra wicklund journal of personality and social psychology    
the economic future.â ?? pt christianity  1986.0 
floor control for large mbone seminars r malpani   l rowe proc . acm multimedia    
responses of grapevines and grapes to spacing of and within canopies nj shaulis grape and wine centennial symposium proceedingsâ ?? . ed . d. & hellip ;    
analog-to-digital conversion architectures for intelligent optical sensor arrays g torelli   l gonzo   m gottardi   f maloberti   a proc . spie   1996.0 
data stream management system for mavhome q jiang   s chakravarthy   
scrimshaw : a language for document queries and transformations ds arnon   
virtuosity : programmable resource management for spawning networks at campbell   j vicente   v dam computer  
general constructions for information-theoretic private information retrieval a beimel   y ishai   e kushilevitz unpublished manuscript available at www . cs . bgu . ac . il /  
integrating spatial and temporal databases s report   
for multimedia pcs a peleg   u weiser comm . acm   1997.0 
what went wrong at oxford health ? j champy computerworld    
the effects of geology and large organic debris on stream channel morphology and process for streams t tally  1980.0 
using uml for modeling complex real-time systems b selic lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
relational data base machines dcp smith   jm smith ieee computer    
incremental maintenance of views with duplicates   '' in \ \ proceedings of acm-sigmod international t griffin   l libkin san jose   ca   may    
database of transcription regulatory regions on eukaryotic genomes ov kel   ag romachenko   ae kel   an naumochkin   na proc . of the 28th annual hawaii international conference on & hellip ;    
optimization of energy redistribution in the core of an operating power reactor iy emelâ ?? yanov   vg nazaryan   vv postnikov at .  
a classification of artin schreier defect extensions and a characterization of defectless fields fv kuhlmann   
optical radioâ ?? a review of a radical new technology for wireless access infrastructure pp smyth bt technology journal   2003.0 
nonexistence of the first moment of the adjusted least squares estimator in multivariate errors-in - c cheng   a kukush  2001.0 
performance analysis of storage and network subsystems in cluster architectures r cristaldi   g iannello   
detection and measurement of natural selection mt clegg see ref    
fostering motivation in professional development programs rj wlodkowski new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
second occurrence focus is prosodically marked d beaver   b clark   e flemming   m wolters unpublished manuscript   2002.0 
can you have it all ? '' : managing the time and budget against quality issue in a dynamic business ksy hung   ajh simons   a rose software quality management-international conference -   1998.0 
internet telephony m graf  1999.0 
canadaâ ?? s atlantic fisheries : new opportunities and problems j coull geography    
combustion academic i glassman san diego   calif    
the power of decision tables r kohavi lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
quantifying spatial and temporal variations in the distribution of natural marine hydrocarbon seeps dc quigley  1997.0 
a portrait of marginality : the political behavior of the american woman m githens   jl prestage  1977.0 
convergence of gradient dynamics with a variable learning rate m bowling   m veloso   
using student ratings for teaching improvement m theall   j franklin new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
a multi-purpose implementation of mandatory access control in relational database management systems w rjaibi   p bird proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
van der aalst   2003 . web service composition languages : old wine in new bottles mp wil proc . of the 29th euromicro conference   turkey   ieee comp .  
the effects of active queue management on web performance l le   
virtual data technology a gupta   v harinarayan   a rajaraman sigmod record   1997.0 
a model for the dynamics of sandpile surfaces jp bouchaud   me cates   jr prakash   sf edwards j. phys . i france   1994.0 
using asynchronous and bulk communication to construct an optimizing com : piler for distributed - h sato   t nanri   m shimasaki proc . 1995 acm int . conf . supercomputing    
ya.   zlokazova   ei   and korenkova   av lm sharygin   s tretâ ?? yakov at . energ    
information assurance in b2c websites for information goods/services dj kim   n sivasailam   hr rao electronic markets   2004.0 
concepts and theories of human development rm lemer  1986.0 
methods of organic chemistry i guben book i    
the volumepro real-time ray-casting system h pster   j hardenbergh   j knittel   h lauer   l proceedings of acm siggraph    
random self-reducibility and zero knowledge interactive proofs of possession of information mt tw   h woll proc . 28th ieee symposium on foundations of computer science    
the nurbs book wt les piegl springer verlag    
a meta-analysis of the predictors of adult offender recidivism : what works ! university of new p gendreau   t little   c goggin unpublished manuscript    
the first monthly report of rough rock demonstration school month of july 1966 r roessel  1966.0 
scheduling real-time transactions : a performance evaluation rk abbott   h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems   1992.0 
scatâ ?? a new statistical timing verifier in a silicon compiler system m glesner   j schuck   rb steck proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
standards in practice a eisenberg   j melton acm sigmod record   1998.0 
an evaluation of generic bulk loading techniques j van den bercken   b seeger proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0 
communication and control in hybrid systems . tutorial session t simsek   jb sousa   p varaiya procs . of the american control  
on the importance of tuning in incremental view maintenance : an experience case study d agrawal   ae abbadi  2000.0 
the emergence of distributed component platforms d krieger   rm adler ieee computer   1998.0 
assessing writing : theory and practice kl greenberg new directions for teaching and learning   1988.0 
citation indexing : its theory and application in science   technology   and humanities e garfield   
a transaction logic for database specification x qian   r waldinger proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1988.0 
a first version of a data flow procedure language   project mac technical memorandum 66 j dennis cambridge   ma : mit laboratory for computer science   may l975 .  
5.0   statistical graphics   rockville v statgraphics md    
lernen-lehren-unterricht : lernpsychologische und didaktische grundlagen   2002 h schrã ¶ der   
security works t anderson   l arbetter   a benawides   a longmore - security management    
microbial oxidation of sulphur in saskatchewan soils jj germida   jr lawrence   v gupta proc int sulphur    
born in 1972   used injection drugs since 1995 k patient at  
injection how-to document o aumont   jc orr  2000.0 
modelling virtual space in architecture d kurmann   m engeli proceedings of acm symposium on virtual reality software and & hellip ;    
andj . a. copeland   â ?? balanced media access methods for wireless networks   â ?? t ozugur   m naghshineh   p kermani   cm olsen   b proc . acm/ieee  
wysiwymâ ?? building user interfaces with natural language feedback r evans   r power   
photosynthesis and respiration of citrus as dependent upon fruit load f lenz proc . int . soc . citricult    
new borland c++ builds 32-bit os/2 applications s canter pc magazine   1993.0 
the glory of the cross sm zwemer  1973.0 
elementy informatyki mm syslo t1  
the md5 message-digest algorithm s dusse   r rivest rfc 1321   mit laboratory for computer science   rsa data security  
user 's guide to llsol p gill   s hammarling   w murray   m saunders   m  1986.0 
data mining : practical machine learning tools and techniques with java implementations ih witten   e frank  1999.0 
the history of machine translation in a nutshell j hutchins   
cross-registration and joint academic programs jt strandness new directions for higher education   1999.0 
syntactical categories of a natural language as facts of a cyclic phase space vm abrusci technical report   universita di roma tre    
02140   usa   tel : + 1 617 354 5800   1997 ma cambridge   
on optimal cooperation of knowledge sources-an empirical investigation m benda   v jagannathan   r dodhiawala boeing computing services   seattle   washington    
self-similarity in world wide web m crovella   a bestravos evidence and possible causes . ieee/acm trans . on networking    
document allocation in multiprocessor information retrieval systems ht siegelmann   o frieder lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
first and second generation greeks in chicago ga kouvetaris  1971.0 
directional gossip : gossip in a wide area network mj lin   k marzullo lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
the quantum vacuum pw milony academic   san diego    
test specification in ttcn using interactive editor s eswara   b sarikaya information and software technology   1990.0 
taurine as a neuromodulator k kuriyama fed proc   1980.0 
simple learning algorithms for training support vector machines c campbell   n cristianini unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
interactive multimedia pedagogies : report of the working group on interactive multimedia pedagogy es adams   l carswell   a kumar   j meyer   a ellis   p acm sigcue outlook   1996.0 
lagrangian support vector machines ol mangasarian   dr musicant journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
the experience and meta-experience of mood jd mayer   yn gaschke journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
more visas ? a good move for is h miller computerworld    
1940   ( posted at www . rootsweb . com/kyletche )   '' lc births  1931.0 
the terasys massively parallel processor-in-memory array m gokhale   b holmes   k iobst ieee computer    
turmoil at nasa   and numerous funding announcements x qian sigmod record   1995.0 
on preprocessing data for efficient classification h luâ ? ¦ proceedings of sigmod workshop on research issues on data & hellip ;    
strategische erfolgspotentiale durch corporate identityâ ?? aufbau und nutzung   1995 t glã ¶ ckler   
jl ( 1995 ) the first foul flush in sewer systems sacg bertrand-krajewski proc . int . conf .  
amazon . com 's privacy policies in spotlight again   us   uk probes urged l rosencrance computerworld    
formal semantics for time in databases . r source   m zentralblatt acm trans . database syst   1983.0 
effects of the legitimacy of low group or individual status on individual and collective status - n ellemers   h wilke   a van knippenberg journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
supporting temporal text-containment queries in temporal document databases k nã ¸ rvag   
measuring end-to-end bulk transfer capacity m aiiman proceedings of acm sigcomm intemet measurement workshop    
population genetics & fishery management n ryman   f utter  1987.0 
will social security and medicare remain viable as the us population is aging ? h bohn   
the south korean image of the world and the world image of korea tf saarinen   hh kim   cl maccabe geography    
political geography pj taylor political geography    
effects of a water soluble plasma protein product on weanling pig performance and health with and bs borg   jm campbell   h koehnk   le russell   du proceedings of allen d. leman swine conference   1999.0 
regularized principal manifolds aj smola   s mika   rc williamson journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
the dynamics of dynamic river channels s lane geography   1995.0 
cleâ $ ment   n.   and coujou   a.   2002 f pettinari-sturmel   m jouiad   hok kirchner phil .  
outline of a real-time data-flow language   in 1985 real-time symposium jl bergerand   p caspi   n halbwachs   d pilaud   e  1985.0 
information warfare and security hv jagadish acm sigmod record   2001.0 
definitional reflection and the completion p schroeder-heister lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
multivariate statistical methods in behavioral research d bock   
the importance of natural enemies in integrated control ps messenger   e biliotti   r van den bosch see ref    
what causes public assistance caseloads to grow ? rm blank the journal of human resources   2001.0 
reference   maintenance & user 's guide for the knee ligament arthrometer md daniel san diego : medmetric    
career choice factors of high school students m borchert  2002.0 
source acm sigmod record archive m franklin acm sigmod record   1997.0 
an implementation and performance analysis of spatial data access d greene proc . acm sigmod    
impact of soa on enterprise information architectures p patrick proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
historical context and contemporary setting of the learning sanctuary . jh buskey new directions for adult and continuing education   1990.0 
a study to determine the material to be included in a reference book for welders and fabricators j will  2003.0 
spontaneous interchange in chorthippus brunneus kr lewis   b john chromosoma   1963.0 
movaid : a mobile robotic system for residential care to disabled and elderly people p dario   e guglielmelli   c laschi   g teti proceedings of the first mobinet symposium   athens   greece   & hellip ;    
sdl-based specification and testing strategy for communication network protocols o monkevich proc . 9 thsdl forum   montreal   canada   june    
emission spectroscopy of nonequilibrium radiation from behind shock waves at super-orbital reentry k fujita   s sato   h ebinuma   h otsu   t abe proc . 21st int . symp . rarefied gas dynamics    
hypermagnesemia-induced fatality following epsom salt gargles rb birrer   aj shallash   v totten journal of emergency medicine   2002.0 
transformative learning in adult second language learning e foster new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
a study of the flight safety under imc y kumamoto   h fujimoto   t amano   k kobayashi european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
atlas of protein sequence and structure   vol 5 . natl biomed res found   silver springs mo dayhoff md    
the dynamics of government regulation and e-commerce development : a comparison of malaysia and n kshetri proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of pacific & hellip ;    
systemic intervention : philosophy   methodology   and practice g midgley   
gradual and verifiable release of a secret ef brickell   d chaum   ib damgard   j van de graaf lecture notes in computer  
on the complexity of ! - automaton s safra proc . 29th ann . ieee symp . on foundations of computer  
lagrangian support vector machine classification ol mangasarian   dr musicant journal of machine learning research    
the colonial situation : a theoretical approach g balandier see ref    
heterogeneous constraint solving f benhamou lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
singular convolution integrals with operator-valued kernels t hytonen   l weis   
function-based representation of complex geometry and appearance q liu   a sourin   
secure spontaneous device authentication t kindberg   k zhang proc . acm ubicomp    
efficient processor allocation scheme with task embedding for partitionable mesh architectures j srisawat   na alexandridis procs . of intâ ?? l conf . on computer applications in industry  
dan suciu stream processing xpath quedes with predicates ak gupta  2003.0 
the chronicle data model hv jagadish   is mumick   a silberschatz procs . of the acm symp . on principles of database systems    
what drives quality at intel ? hg willett electronic  
metkit academic package m russell   m bush information and software technology   1993.0 
a generic approach to bulk loading multidimensional index structures j van den bercken   b seeger   p widmayer proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
moving formal methods into practice : the vfsm experience ar flora-holmquist   mg staskauskas submitted for  
paralleslism : the new imperative in computer architecture . tutorial notes j gray international conference of very large databases   vldb    
estimating attributes : analysis and extensions of relief i kononenko lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
cultivation of seaweeds for hydrocolloids   waste treatment and biomass for energy conversion jh ryther   ja deboer   be lapointe proc . int . seaweed symp    
st. chuang   and n. mckeown   â ?? architectures and algorithms for a load-balanced switch   â ?? i keslassy  2003.0 
jumping on the nii bandwagon x qian sigmod record   1994.0 
natural born targets : male hustlers and aids prevention in urban brazil p larvie see aggleton    
airborne doppler radar study of the structure and three-dimensional airflow within a hurricane dp jorgensen   fd marks conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;   1984.0 
videotape or film ? v mcpheeters j audiov media med   1978.0 
new strategies to promote stable employment and career progression : an introduction to the d bloom   j anderson   m wavelet   kn gardiner   me  2002.0 
articulating the experience of transparency : an example of field research techniques ka holtzblatt   s jones   m good acm sigchi bulletin   1988.0 
a tight upper bound on the number of candidate patterns f geerts   b goethals   j van den bussche acm transactions on database systems   2005.0 
a new standardized risk measure in investments [ a ] l chulin   l ping   w jianping proceedings of 2001 international conference on management & hellip ;   2001.0 
fear-provoking recommendations   intentions to take preventive actions   and actual preventive actions hp krisher iii   sa darley   jm darley journal of personality and social psychology   1973.0 
planning after the golden decade . lw bender new directions for higher education   1974.0 
design of instructional illustrations in medicine . ce garrick j audiov media med   1978.0 
re   mm abdel-mottaleb   pcm grim   fc de schryver   c. meiners   m. sieffert   s. valiyaveettil   k. s de feyter   a gesquiere acc . chem . res    
improved fast correlation attacks on stream ciphers via convolutional codes t johansson   f joensson lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
amdâ ?? s 486 clone ready   but will it sell ? r pastore computerworld    
online estimation for subset-based sql queries c jermaine   a dobra   a pol   s joshi proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
refining mappings from relational tables to ontologies y an   a borgida   j mylopoulos proceedings vldb workshop on the semantic web and databases & hellip ;    
political influence ec banfield   
new lower bound techniques for robot motion ljlanning problems j canny   jh reif proc . 29th ieee annual syrup . foundations of computer & hellip ;    
mentoring in the technical disciplines : fostering a broader view of education   career   and culture rm marra   rn pangborn new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
book embeddings of graphs and a theorem of whitney pc kainen   s overbay   
logic-based web information extraction g gottlob   c koch sigmod record   2004.0 
palgrave   2001 . ix   218p . illus . [ 16 ] plates . notes . bibliog . index n york   
the emperor 's new airway r walls journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 
xml stream processing using tree-edit distance embeddings m garofalakis   a kumar acm transactions on database systems   2005.0 
source acm sigmod record archive a eisenberg acm sigmod record   2001.0 
fighting two pirates hg schaathun lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
register traffic analysis for streamlining inter-operation communication in fine-grain parallel m franklin   gs sohi   
evaluating the effects of climate change on biological communities : integrating historical science rd sagarin university of california at santa barbara ( usa )    
getting started with the darpa timit cd-rom : an acoustic phonetic continuous speech database . j garofolo md    
and pi aleshchenkov na dollezhalâ ? ¦ at . energ    
a study of career development programs in wisconsin municipal police agencies gl everts  2001.0 
farming and nitrate pollution . t burt   n haycock geography   1991.0 
epidemiology n nathanson see ref    
aspects of the natural history of melanostima pammelas ( pisces : zoarcidae ) htm lancraft  1982.0 
the forum project : network conferencing and its future applications j vallee computer networks    
isomorphisms of generic recursive polynomial types m fiore   
introduction to the physical principles of differential geometry ld raigorodski   pc stavrinos   v balan  1999.0 
and a. wolf . report from the nsf workshop on workflow and process automation in information systems a sheth   d georgakopoulos   s joosten technical report   university of georgia   1996 . available via url  
groupweb : a www browser as real time groupware s greenberg   m roseman   
models of distributed systems km chandy   
a normal form for xml documents   acm tans m arenas   l libkin database syst    
staffing policy as a strategic response : a typology of career systems ja sonnenfeld   ma peiperl the academy of management review   1988.0 
cyber warfare : steganography vs. steganalysis h wang   s wang communications-acm   2004.0 
fb : an efficient scheduling policy for edge routers to speedup the internet access i rai   g urvoy-keller   e biersack unpublished  
bgp-ct : a first step towards fast internet fail-over m musuvathi   s venkatachary   r wattenhofer   c  2000.0 
a method for interactive articulation of information requirements for strategic decision support l sun   k liu information & software technology   2001.0 
indexing multimedia databases c faloutsos proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0 
sparking potentials at ultra-high frequencies j thomson phil . mag    
localization at epimorphisms and quasi-injectives j lambek to  
how to teach pivotal behaviors to children with autism : a training manual rl koegel   a good   l cerniglia   c murphy   lk   
anad rajaraman . implementing data cubes efficiently v harinarayan   
design of h and controllers for induction motor drives yt kao   th liu   ch liu proc . 29th conf . decision and  
efficient i/o scheduling in tertiary libraries s prabhakar   d agrawal   a el abbadi   a singh  1996.0 
the semantic web p bonner pc magazine    
politicized moral geographies rl bryant political geography   2000.0 
engineering practice and codevelopment of product prototypes wl anderson   wt crocca   
graph algorithms for geometric constraint solving a lomonosov   m sitharam  2004.0 
damage tolerance in helicopter airframes - is crack growth practical ? ml overd european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
what makes a good co-evolutionary learning environment ad blair   jb pollack & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems   1997.0 
the labyrinth of kurdish selfdetermination h khashan international studies-bombay then new delhi -   1995.0 
ferritins : dynamic management of biological iron and oxygen chemistry x liu   ec theil acc . chem . res   2005.0 
checkfree   intuit   microsoft . 1997 of exchange   
web services : problems and future directions h wang   jz huang   y qu   j xie journal of web semantics   2004.0 
ibm db2 spatial extender-spatial data within the rdbms dw adler proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
mining fuzzy association rules : an overview m delgado   n marä ± n   mj martä ± n-bautista   d   
persoonsgebonden budget verpleging & verzorging : arbeidsmarktpositie van zorgverleners   februari f baarveld   t miltenburg   c ramakers   
voip : donâ ?? t overlook security . j vijayan   
marttin ( 2001 ) floods   fish and fishermen . eight yearsâ ?? experience with floodplain fisheries in gj de graaf   af born   amk uddin   
product recommendation systems : a new direction d bridge   
evidence supporting a university experience courseâ ?? s efficacy at a metropolitan university   and t micceri   e wajeeh  1999.0 
shock metamorphism of natural materials   644 pp.   mono book corp.   baltimore bm french   nm short md    
bestimmung von rauheiten rcm schrã ¶ der at book    
first version of a data flow procedure language . tech . memo tm-61 j dennis  1975.0 
analysis of video conferencing on a token ring local area network sm crimmins proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   1993.0 
shibboleth : exploring cultural boundaries in speech a senior proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
posting august 7   1999   on harlan county queries   ( posted at www . rootsweb . com )   '' b johnson   
the los angeles jobs-first gain evaluation : final report on a work first program in a major urban s freedmanâ ? ¦   
chapter 1-encouraging the growth of e-commerce i revenue  1998.0 
optimising selection of units from speech databases for concatenative synthesis aw black   n campbell   
adventure education : impact on team building   trust   and cooperation dl guite  2002.0 
efficient incremental view maintenance in data warehouses ky lee   jh son   mh kim   
psychoneuroinmunology ( r ader san diego : academic    
emotional labor in service roles : the influence of identity be ashforth   rh humphrey the academy of management review   1993.0 
an experiment in knowledge-based signal understanding using parallel architectures . department of hd brown   e schoen   ba delagi  1986.0 
an analysis of the chemical batch production problem and a detailed methodology for scheduling r matthew lispe technical report   department of chemical engineering    
distributed constraint satisfaction a arora   mg gouda   g varghese submitted for  
re-thinking e-commerce business modelling in terms of interactivity ulf essler electronic markets   2001.0 
contracts   components   and their runtime verification on the m barnett   w schulte technical report msr-tr-2002-38   microsoft research   april 2002 .  
an m-net semantics of b ( pn ) 2 e best   h fleischhack   w fraczak   rp hopkins   h   
an empirically-grounded framework for the information systems development process b fitzgerald   
the rat nervous system ou scremin   g paxinos academic   san diego    
foundations of differential geometry ( interscience   new york ) s kobayashi   k nomizu vol i    
women 's career development at the glass ceiling pl inman new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 
quantum learning : teaching as dialogue j vella new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
mobile dp center on-site at venezuelan oil camp . j desmond computerworld.   1984.0 
a social learning approach to mental retardation rl cromwell see ellis    
analysis of stone columnâ ?? soil matrix interaction under vertical load rr goughnour   aa bayuk proc . int . conf . soil  
tutorial review of synthetic-aperture radar/sar / with applications to imaging of the ocean surface k tomiyasu ieee   proceedings   1978.0 
determination of silver in sulfide minerals by electrothermal atomic absorption spectrometry t stafilov   a lazaru   e pernicka at spectrosc    
ix task support on the semantic web s potter   a tate   j dalton   
temporal logic n rescher   a urquhart  1971.0 
tutorial notes : multimedia conferencing on the internet v jacobson proceedings of acm sigcomm    
ariadne : a java-based guided tour system for the world wide web j juehne   at jensen   k groenbaek www7 / computer networks   1998.0 
workshop report : the first international workshop on active and real-time database systems m berndtsson   j hansson sigmod record    
indonesiaâ ?? s experience of sequencing financial liberalization js djwondono unpublished manuscript    
the case against budget surpluses : why government debt is good and moderate budget deficits are t palley & hellip ; economics association meetings   montreal   canada   ( june )    
area-time performance of vlsi fir filter architectures based on residue arithmetic v paliouras   t stouraitis   
in : roller d   editor j banhart   j baumeister   m weber proc . 29th int . symp . on automotive technologyand automation & hellip ;    
daml-s : web service description for the semantic web a ankolekar   m burstein   jr hobbs   o lassila   d lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
partial order models for quantitative extensions of lotos . e brinksma   jp katoen   r langerak   d latella computer networks   1998.0 
implementing data cubes e-ciently v harinarayan   a rajaraman   jd ullman proceedings of the fifteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;    
î ³ - spectrometric determination of the content of naturally occurring radionuclides in natural waters a mukhamedov   gv poteshkin   us salikhbaevâ ? ¦ at .  
the role of natural language in a multimodal interface . uistâ ?? 92   143-149 pr cohen  1992.0 
ge0id93 . software for pc compatible computers . national geodetic survey   noaa   silver spring dg milbert   dg schultz md    
ucrl-8714 ( 1959 ) a ghiorso at . energ    
getting ideas into print : some tips for practitioners . rd fulton new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
role expectation process in building a desirable work culture bp bauer  2001.0 
ralph hebden ( editor ) p geographer   t geography   
effects on solute transport and plant constituents fm ashton   de bayer see ref    
oil in a nutshell d fensel   i horrocks   f van harmelen   s decker   m lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
professional development for web-based teaching : overcoming innocence and resistance gm gallant new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
natural frequencies of stators of small electric machines aj ellison   sj yang proc . iee    
gauge theories as a problem of constructive quantum field theory and statistical mechanics e seiler  1982.0 
cilindrical patch antenna for wireless communication z sipus   n herscovici at ap    
dynamics of early detection d lin   r morris proceedings of acm  
role of natural killer cell alloreactivity in hla-mismatched hematopoietic stem cell transplantation l ruggeri   m capanni   m casucci   i volpi   a tosti   blood-new york -   1999.0 
the energy efficiency of iram architectures r from   s perissakis   n cardwell   c kozyrakis   b   
learning to attach semantic metadata to web services n kushmerick   a heã ? proc . int . semantic web conf    
the modelexplainer b lavoie   o rambow   e reiter demonstration presented at the eighth international workshop & hellip ;    
the natural radioactivity of lutetium d dixon   a mcnair   sc curran phil . mag    
residency-trained emergency physicians : their demographics   practice evolution   and attrition from kn hall   ma wakeman journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
product development : an infrastructure for engagement g jonathan   p john   pd personas  2002.0 
the natural history of larval mosquito habitats : academic press m laird san diego   ca    
artificial intelligence and software engineering : a survey of possibilities . d partridge information and software technology   1988.0 
sql multimedia and application packages ( sql/mm ) j melton sigmod record   2001.0 
designing secure web-based applications for microsoft windows 2000 m howard   m levy   r waymire  2000.0 
standards of practice rm dawes scientific standards of psychological practice : issues and & hellip ;    
liberal learning in engineering education : the wpi experience . knowing and doing : learning through wr grogan   fc lutz   le schachterle new directions for teaching and learning    
07632   usa   1995 nj cliffs   
tutorial : what is a data base ? ( abstracts taken from an original paper presented during the sigbdp   h tellier acm sigmod record   1973.0 
factor viii concentrates is purer better ` xx international congress of the world federation of lm aledort book of abstracts   athens   greece    
assembly planning in a virtual environment rg dewarâ ? ¦   
processes supporting teacher change within a school-based professional development program pj lin proceedings of the national science councilâ ?? part d : & hellip ;    
timing models for mos circuits sj wilton   np jouppi technical report   integrated circuits laboratory   stanford  
aspect-oriented logic meta programming k de volder   td ` hondt lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
a practical scheme for non-interactiveveriable secret sharing p feldman proc . 28th ieee symp . on foundations of comp .  
patents in e-commerce s alexander computerworld    
variational resolutions of non self-adjoint equations and dissipative evolutions   ( 2004 ) n ghoussoub   a lagrangians   
case standard comes overseas for unix arena . a cortese computerworld    
r. g unthor und c. mohan : failure handling in large scale workflow management systems g alonso   m kamath   d agrawal   a el abbadi technischer bericht rj9913   ibm almaden research center    
ecological study of sylvilagus brasiliensis meridensis in an andean venezuelan paramo . p : 182-203 p durant procs . world lagom . conf . university of guelph   ontario   & hellip ;    
deeper in debt : the impact of the 1992 reauthorization of the higher education act on within-year j cofer   p somers & hellip ; for institutional research forum   seattle   washington    
a transportable natural language database update system s salveter proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0 
anvil-a generic annotation tool for multimodal dialogue m kipp proceedings of eurospeech    
processing star queries on hierarchically-clustered fact tables n karayannidis   a tsois   tk sellis   r pieringer   v vldb   2002.0 
plumage coloration as a signal of social status jc senar proc . int . ornithol . congr    
evaluation within the us department of health and human services office of inspector general mf mangano new directions for program evaluation    
ontounoua : a mechanism to support portable ontologies tr gruber  1992.0 
the architecture of a uml virtual machine d riehle   s fraleigh   d bucka-lassen   n omorogbe   
d-cycloserine for alzheimer 's disease k laake   ar oeksengaard cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
no. 102-294   102d cong.   2d s rep sess . at    
ubinet : the ubiquitous internet will be wireless t lewis   
optimization of join operations in horizontally partitioned database systems a segev acm transactions on database systems   1986.0 
using financial incentives to manage the solid waste stream cj spindler new directions for program evaluation   1991.0 
anger and aggression : an essay on emotion jr averill  1982.0 
expression of the functional leptin receptor mrna in pancreatic islets and direct inhibitory action v emilsson   yl liu   ma cawthorne   nm morton   m diabetes-new  
what is beautiful is good k dion   e berscheid   e walster journal of personality and social psychology   1972.0 
managing temporal financial data in an extensible database r chandra   a segev   
on a historical relational algebra : two views au tansel   j cliord proceedings acm sigmod conference on management of data    
conjecturing and argumentation in high-school geometry students kr koedinger new directions in the teaching and learning of geometry   eds & hellip ;    
wireless lans fj derfler jr   l freed pc magazine    
a fast two-stage algorithm for computing pagerank and its extensions cpc lee   gh golub   sa zenios   
an investigation of current language support for the data requirements of structured programming   j aiello  1974.0 
microservers : a new memory semantics for massively parallel computing jb brockman   pm kogge   vw freeh   sk kuntz   tl proc int conf supercomputing   1999.0 
cooperation and conflicts resolution in multiagent systems p marcenac   s leman   s giroux proc . 34th acm southeast  
standards in practice . acms anthology sigmod record   1998.0 
ils : a framework for integrating multiple heterogeneous learning agents b silver   j vittal   w frawley   g iba   k bradford procs of second generation expert systems   l oth & hellip ;    
microsoft access 2000 visual basic for applications e callahan microsoft  
natural language processing in a japanese text-to-speech system for written-style texts k matsuoka   e takeishi   h asano   
today 's actions tomorrowâ ?? s landscapes s thompson proceedings of the 25 thanniversary conference of the new & hellip ;    
xxl : a prototype for a library of query processing algorithms j van den bercken   jp dittrich   b seeger  2000.0 
numerical modelling of the water dynamics and passive pollutant transport in the neva inlet o andrejev   a sokolov meteorologia i hydrologia    
the problem of coulombic forces in computer simulations   the problem of long-range forces in the jp valleau ed . d. ceperley   nrcc workshop proceedings    
the variation of measured cross-polarized echo intensity in rain with direction of polarization   and a hendry   ymm antar conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
managed security services d janowski   o kaven pc magazine    
making learning communities work : issues of implementation and sustainability f gabelnick   j macgregor   r matthews   bl smith new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
automatic time-bound analysis for a higher-order language g gomez   ya liu   
on-line view maintenance d quass   j widom acm sigmod conference    
server selection on the world wide web n craswell   p bailey   d hawking   
a study of locking phenomenon in oscillators r adler proc . ire    
report from the nsf workshop on workflow and process automation in information systems   deptartment a sheth   d georgakopoulos   s joosten   m  1996.0 
the role of vhdl within tosca co-design framework s antoniazzi   a balboni   w fornaciari   d sciuto procs . euro-vhdl   grenoble   france    
mpeg-4 based real-time shadows h drumm proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
diurnal production and destruction rates of phytoplankton in lakes w ohle rapp . procs-verbaux r6unions cons . perma . int . explor . mer    
exploring internalized oppression and healing strategies p rosenwasser new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
los   etal kr chuttamir & hellip ; for the treatment of gerd : demonstration of safety in  
dynamics of vortices in high-temperature superconductors ( abstract only ) nb kopnin oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
exploring computer-generated line graphs through virtual touch w yu   r ramloll   s brewster   
mobile assistant programming for efficient information access on the www . s perret   a duda www5 / computer networks   1996.0 
a model-theoretic approach to updating incomplete databases m winslett acm transactions on database systems    
toward a contingency view of infrastructure and knowledge : an exploratory study cu ciborra   o hanseth   
directions of development of the cadastral system in poland a hopfer   w wilkowski second international conference on land management    
paper presented at usâ ?? japan workshop on power reactor studies a hatayamaâ ? ¦ san diego    
efficientalgorithmsfor processing xpath queries g gottlob   c koch   r pichler proc . of  
penetration of penicillin into human phagocytes containing gonococci . dr veale   h smith lancet i 1975.0 
few is projects come in on time   on budget r cafasso computerworld    
microwave dielectric properties of bao-tio2-wo3 ceramics sintering with glasses [ a ] . 1995 ieee mtt-s t takada   sf wang   sj jangâ ? ¦ seattle   washington    
optimal computation of total projections with unions of chase join expressions epf chan proceedings of acm sigmod conference    
replicated document management in a group communication system   s beckhardt   t halvorsen   i greif   
peer-to-peer technology business and service models : risks and opportunities saiho kwok electronic markets   2002.0 
theoretical foundations of association rules m ogihara proceedings of the 3â ??  
hierarchical memory with block transfer aa acs   ak chandra   m snir proc . 28th ieee syrup . on foundations of computer science    
a distributed real-time architecture skg harts ieee computer    
trialgebras and families of polytopes   may 2002   preprint : arxiv : math jl loday   m ronco   
terrestrial vertebrates as indicators of mesozoic climates jh ostrom proceedings of the north american paleontological convention & hellip ;    
integrated architectures for machine learning l saitta   
sql : 2003 has been published a eisenberg   j melton   k kulkarni acm sigmod record   2004.0 
temporal connectives versus explicit timestamps in temporal query languages ( preliminary report ) s abiteboul   l herr   j van den bussche & hellip ; workshop of temporal databases   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;    
managing the data resource j winkler   m kahn   c clark   t michels proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1978.0 
collaboration and learning within immersive virtual reality rl jackson   e fagan the proceedings of acm cve   2000.0 
multilingual newspaper clippings image database ( poster ) ssy tsang proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
telechelic polymers : synthesis and applications ej goethals  1989.0 
radio access networks beyond 3g : a first comparison of architectures m annoni   
lattice-based access control models rs sandhu   
a. ( 2000 ) mediacups : experience with design and use of computer-augmented everyday objects mg beigl   s hw computer  
high-resolution wake modelling in helicopter flight mechanics re brown   ss houston european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
jini : promising technology   but will it catch on ? c sliwa   
implementing data cubes efficiently . a flfll version of lhis paper . at http://db v harinarayan   a rajaraman   jd ullman stanford . edu/pllb/harinarayan / 1995/cub e.  
lookahead and discretization in ilp h blockeel   l de raedt lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
improving customer experience using web services t stevens   a may bt technology journal   2004.0 
cleveland public library   ( http://www . cpl. org / )   '' n file   
principles of lake sedimentology l hã ¥ kanson   m jansson  1983.0 
the death of programming languages   the birth of intentional programming c simonyi technical report   microsoft   inc.   sept. 1995 . available from  
how to facilitate information navigation without disrupting perception cs campbell   pp maglio manuscript submitted for publication . ibm almaden research & hellip ;    
practical python . apress   2002 ml hetland   
document reuse and document systems dm levy   
â ?? special tutorial : vector supercomputers dj theis ieee computer    
the execube approach to massively parallel processing pm kogge proc . intâ ?? l conf . parallel  
generic support for distributed applications j bacon   k moody   j bates   
hydroinformaticsâ ?? 94 a verwey   aw minns   v babovic   c maksimovic isbn    
medical methods for first trimester abortion r kulier   am gulmezoglu   gj hofmeyr   ln cheng   a cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
natl mar f center fish . serv.   seattle    
dynamics of neuronal populations : the stability of equilibria l sirovich   b knight   a omurtag  2000.0 
virtual classrooms and communities l neal proceedings of the international acm siggroup conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
a tutorial on asn . 1 p gaudette computer  
system testing : implications of requirements specifications a davis information and software technology    
a search engine for natural language applications mj cafarella   o etzioni   
power generation from renewables in ladakhã?status and prospects s maithelâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 23rd national renewable energy  
4.2 bsd unix security av discolo & hellip ; .   university of california   santa barbara   april    
intraductal collagenase delivery into the human pancreas using syringe loading or controlled jrt lakey   gl warnock   z ao   amj shapiro   g transplantation proceedings   1998.0 
what wants to learn what ? evaluation with a changing clientele . jr warren new directions for higher education   1973.0 
a wireless atm local area network using infrared links jh condonâ ? ¦ proc . acm mobicomâ ?? 95    
photography in dentistry . b hill j audiov media med   1978.0 
posttransplant human herpes virus 8 infection and seroconversion in a kaposi 's sarcoma affected a nocera   m corbellino   u valente   s barocci   f transplantation proceedings   1998.0 
teaching machines about everyday life p singh   b barry   h liu bt technology journal   2004.0 
honoring first ladies . pull-out feature i. at harthern social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
the role of the ophthalmic artist . tr tarrant j audiov media med   1978.0 
a spirited epistemology : honoring the adult learner as subject j vella new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
triage : how long does it take ? how long should it take ? d travers journal of emergency nursing   1999.0 
wha ! is-a is and isn ` i : an analysis of taxonomic links in semantic nelworks rj brachman ieee computer    
â ?? integral-methodische integration multimedialer und interaktiver lernwerkzeuge zur optimierung der c koppenhã ¶ fer   t bã ¶ hmann   h krcmar proceedings of d-cscl    
tpm med erfarenhet frã ¥ n volvo b johansson   c nord   b pettersson  1997.0 
gst rush at tax office exposes security neglect s van dijk computerworld    
cerebrospinal fluid fistula : the identification and management in pediatric temporal bone fractures . w mcguirt   s stool journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
tr-98-35 msr report  1998.0 
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries   28th intl g gottlob   c koch   r pichler conf . very large data bases ( vldb )    
on optimal graphs embedded into path and rings   with analysis using l1-spheres y dinitz   m feighelstein   s zaks proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ;   1997.0 
phase transition and finite-size scaling for the optimum partitioning problem c borgs   j chayes   b pittel technical report   microsoft research   http://www . research .  
computer network architectures s wecker ieee computer    
web component : a substrate for web service reuse and composition j yang   mp papazoglou lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
multiversion concurrency control -- theory and algorithms pa bernstein   n goodman acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
optimal fault-tolerant atm-routings for biconnected graphs k wada   w chen   y luo   k kawaguchi proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ;   1997.0 
be careful what you wish for : the paradoxical effects of bifurcating claims for punitive damages s landsman   s diamond   l dimitropoulos   mj saks wisconsin law review   1998.0 
issues for the generation of document deixis i paraboni   
scholarly work and professional practice re rice   l richlin new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
personal conversation c ballinger san diego   california    
athens 1998   vol2 g biscontinâ ? ¦   
the politics of fieldwork in brittany m mcdonald antbiropology at    
correlationa dn interpolation networks for real-time expression analysis/synthesis t darrell   i essa   a pentland perceptual computing technical report 284   massachusetts  
negotiating power dynamics in workshops j johnson-bailey   rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
precipitation in splat-cooled al-3 at . per cent fe alloy a fontaine   a guinier phil . mag.   1975.0 
federal tax restructuring and state and local governments : an introduction to the issues and the m mazerov   dr bucks san diego law review   1996.0 
academic chivalry and professional responsibility . jm farago new directions for higher education   1981.0 
teach kids economics and they will learn jd laney   mc schug social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
context semantics for nl j van eijck unpublished manuscript   2000.0 
a syntax and semantics for set-oriented production rules in relational database systems j widom sigmod record   1989.0 
thinking objectively : putting oo distributed programming to work p felber   r guerraoui   me fayad communications-acm   1999.0 
symbolic racism versus racial threats to the good life dr kinder   do sears journal of personality and social psychology   1981.0 
text book of medicinal jurisprudence and toxicology j modi bombay   india : pripati pvt. ltd    
a statistical-mechanical approach to data assimilation for nonlinear dynamics . iii . analysis gl eyink   jm restrepo   fj alexander  2002.0 
towards automating of document structure transformations m penttonen   e kuikka   p leinonen proc . acm symposium on document engineering    
on the many-to-one transport capacity of a dense wireless sensor network and the compressibility of d marco   ej duarte-melo   m liu   dl neuhoff lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
the â ?? smugglers of fearâ ?? : racist discourse and immigrants in the press of a potential metropolis m pavlou immigrants in greece . athens : society for political thinking & hellip ;    
software architecture models for multimodal interactive systems lm nigay proceedings of acm  
social capital : prospects for a new concept ps adler   sw kwon academy of management review   2002.0 
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization d quass   a gupta   i mumick   j widom acm sigmod   may    
massively multiplayer on-line role-playing games and real life relationships ( undergraduate term a benesovska seattle : university of washington    
december 1997   gms partners   inc.   national career academy coalition   1122 kersey road   silver ca presentation   
machine learning in human language technology n fakotakis   kn sgarbas   
self-consistent and phenomenological constitutive models for ferroelectric ceramics cm landis  1999.0 
reasoning about functional dependencies generalized for semantic data models   acm tans g weddell database syst    
wireless everything-unwiring the world r mannings   g cosier bt technology journal   2001.0 
apj m liu   j najita   a tokunaga  2002.0 
an operational semantics for csp sd brookes   aw roscoe   dj walker submitted for publication   1992.0 
antibodies to htlv-iii in german blood donors j schneider   h bayer   u bienzle   p wernet   g lancet i   1985.0 
the trouble with wireless c metz pc magazine   2004.0 
prediction of rolling bearing life under practical operating conditions e ioannides   b jacobson   jh tripp & hellip ;   d. : tribological design of machine elements   proceedings & hellip ;    
theoryandapplicationsoftrapdoorfunctions ac yao proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on foundations of & hellip ;    
pretty good persuasion : steps towards effective password security in the real world d weirich   a sasse proc . acm new security paradigms workshop    
geographic access to job opportunities and labor-force participation among women and african tj cooke urban geography   1997.0 
evaluation in federal government : changes   trends and opportunities cg wye   rc sonnichen new directions for program evaluation   1992.0 
evolving fuzzy neural networks : theory and applications for on-line adaptive prediction   decision n kasabov & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems   1998.0 
performance enhancements to a relational database system m stonebraker   j woodfill   j ranstrom   m murphy   m acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
diverticular abscess presenting as prostate abscess and missed by abdominal ct scan rg slater journal of emergency medicine   2002.0 
on mesoscale modeling of the dynamics and thermodynamics of sea ice l qian-ming technical university of denmark    
the influence of semantics on past-tense inflection m ramscar   
ribeiro-dos-santos r m henriques   mm monteiro   c vanni   c pirmez   m   
the workshop through new eyes ja fleming new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
updated compendium on the success of passage of small fish through turbines . section i : 1-201 . mc bell us army corps of engineers   seattle   washington    
virtual environment for on-campus orientation r larmore   m knaus   s dascalu   
symptomatic interarticular migration of glenoid suture anchors md silver   jp daigneault arthroscopy-new york -   2000.0 
a robust multiresolution registration approach s seeger   g hã $ usler   
theory and methodology in historical geography ra butlin see  
maria cancian   eds . 2002 dr meyer w-2 child support demonstration evaluation   report on  
whitesides.   gm ( 1995 ) a kumar   n abbott   e kim   h biebuyck acc . chem .  
gratings in theory and practice ha rowland phil . mag    
mâª . l. ( 1997 ) . tãtulo : reflexiones sobre el perfil del profesor de matemã ¡ ticas del prã ³ ximo siglo . c oliveras   
naturalist 's color guide : american museum of natural history fb smithe new york    
software product assurance at the jet propulsion laboratory re fairley   m bush information and software technology   1990.0 
dynamic constraint satisfaction for feature interaction cd elfe   ec freuder   d lesaint bt technology journal   1998.0 
an organizational perspective for the effective practice of assessment gr sell new directions for higher education   1989.0 
structured multimedia document classification l denoyer   jn vittaut   s brunessaux   s brunessaux   
trust : the panacea of virtual management ds staples   p ratnasingham   
non-equilibrium sediment transport modeling of sanmenxia reservoir . energy and water : sustainable a molinas   b wu proceedings of theme d   the 27 thcongress of international & hellip ;    
baranovâ ? ¥   vollkopf uj anal s tanner at . spectrom    
project provides elderly with links to internet m blodgett computerworld    
p. veijalainen   j. and volfson   o. reports : on building an infrastructure for mobile and wireless b konig-ries   k makki   s makki   c perkins   n acm sigmod record    
klantenwensen in de zorg . [ customersâ ?? wishes in care ] utrecht : nivel   2002 w brouwer   c leemrijse   hj sixma   rd friele   
novel eigenanalysis method for direction estimation p stoica   kc sharman iee proceedings   1990.0 
group learning in workshops am will new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
logic-based modeling of dynamic object systems j meseguer   x qian proc . of the 1993 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of & hellip ;    
june 17-19   1997 pr recognition   
mafiaâ ?? an active mail-filter-agent for an intelligent document processing support e lutz   hv kleist-retzow   k hoernig acm sigois bulletin   1990.0 
b. seeger an evaluation of generic bulk loading techniques j van den bercken proceedings of  
the regulation of glucose-excited neurons in the hypothalamic arcuate nucleus by glucose and feeding r wang   x liu   st hentges   aa dunn-meynell   be diabetes-new york -   2004.0 
distinguished db profiles m winslett acm sigmod record   2002.0 
investigation of the operational characteristics of the core and parameters of the irradiated fuel vm gryazev   va afanasâ ?? ev   gi gadzhievâ ? ¦ & hellip ;   construction   and operating experience of demonstration  
architecture and functionality of a specification environment for distributed systems b krã $ mer   hw schmidt procs .  
business intelligence : making better decisions   faster m luckevich   e vitt  2002.0 
simulating an instructible interface : the tuny experience d maulsby  1993.0 
toss : an extension of tax with ontologies and similarity queries e hung   y deng   vs subrahmanian proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
efficient algorithm for evaluating multiple xpath expressions m yuriyama   h nakamura vldb  
book groups : communities of learners s kerka new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
seamless integration of time into sql mh bohlen   cs jensen submitted to acm transactions on database systems   december   1996.0 
casus-an object-oriented three-dimensional animation system for event-oriented simulators   to be v luckas   t broll n. magnenat-thalmann   d. thalmann : proceedings of computer  
efficient low-degree interconnection networks for parallel processing : topologies   algorithms   vlsi ch yeh   
specific sexual fantasy themes : a multidimensional study wb arndt   jc foehl   fe good journal of personality and social psychology    
a password authentication scheme based upon rabinâ ?? s public-key cryptosystem cc chang   lh wu proc . int . conf . systems  
editor 's notes tw banta implementing outcomes assessment : promise and perils . new & hellip ;    
social service organizations and welfare reform bl fink   r widom   
3-d crustal structure in southwestern china ww chan   cy wang   wd mooney   
level-set approach for stereo r deriche   c bouvin   od faugeras proceedings of spie   1997.0 
interpolation and decimation of digital signals - a tutorial review re crochiere   lr rabiner ieee   proceedings   1981.0 
a model for personality and emotion simulation a egges   s kshirsagar   n magnenat-thalmann lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
velocity relation : satisfaction as a function of the first derivative of outcome over time ck hsee   rp abelson journal of personality and social psychology    
introduction to constraint databases b kuijpers acm sigmod record   2002.0 
twine   f. hall   and p. sellers . cd-rom . nasa   2000 . unclassifiedâ ?? unlimited subject category : 43 t strub   
politics on the nets : wiring the political process w rash   
graft coronary disease : the lesions and the patients me billingham transplant proc   1989.0 
second thoughts on the teaching of contemporary literatures h gregory wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1964.0 
experimental status of electroweak interactions a blondel   
statistical year book ds yearbook athens   greece : hellenic republic   national statistical & hellip ;    
voice garden b reiser   h reiser   b fleming proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
synthesis of nonequidistant antenna arrays in problems of signal separation according to direction iui abramovich   bg danilov radiotekhnika i elektronika   1975.0 
the economics of certificate programs jh robinson new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
view integration and cooperation in databases   data warehouses and web information systems h ma   kd schewe   b thalheim   j zhao   
contextual models of urban house prices : a comparison of fixed-and random-coefficient models k jones   n bullen economic geography   1994.0 
foundations of differential geometry . vol . i.   j s kobayashi   k nomizu new york    
perspectives for electronic books in the world wide web age f bry electronic library   2002.0 
hampton court ghosts i franklin unpublished manuscript    
ismaning   1997 c wiemer   d eggers   g neuf   h hã ¶ rverstehen   
implementation of the wireless atm access terminal j ala-laurila   j lemilainen computer networks   1999.0 
the influence of multimedia on learning : a cognitive study a large   j beheshti   a breuleux   a renaud proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
learning ontologies from rdf annotations in : proceedings of the ijcai workshop on ontology learning a deitel   c faron   r dieng seattle   washington    
radio wave scintillations in the ionosphere kc yeh   ch liu ieee   proceedings   1982.0 
mining the world wide web : an information search approach by george chang   marcus j. healey ( editor ) a ouksel acm sigmod record   2002.0 
kung . information exchange in wireless networks with network coding and physical-layer broadcast c wu technical report msrtr-2004-78   microsoft technical report   aug. .  
the franklin pierce plan st dangelantonio new directions for higher education   2004.0 
supercooled liquid   bulk glassy and nanocrystalline states of alloys aa kundig   jf lofller   wl johnson mrs sym .  
clarisworks has a document approach g keizer pc magazine   1993.0 
building partnerships with governments : the experience of the lyndon b. johnson school of public m sherman   mp duncan new directions for higher education   2000.0 
the materials science of thin films academic m ohring san diego   calif    
progress on hpcc and nii m wixxslett sigmod record   1994.0 
ng-backmarking-an algorithm for constraint satisfaction t richards   y jiang   b richards bt technology journal   1995.0 
mechanique celeste ps de laplace supplement to book    
towards 10-100 gbps cryptographic architectures k alexander   r karri   i minkin   k wu   p mishra   x   
moral conviction versus the politics of responsibility.â ?? r michels   m weber  1987.0 
non-linear flight mechanics of a helicopter analysis by application of a continuation method k sibilski european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
the objectory software development process i jacobson   g booch   j rumbaugh   
first looks : information   please . c stinson pc  
multimedia database management systems a ghafoo17 acm computing surveys   1995.0 
aggregate-query processing in data warehousing environments a gupta   v harinarayan   d quass vldb   1995.0 
emerging standards for component software rm adler   
software product assurance : measurement and control . dn card information and software technology   1988.0 
emergency nursing in perspective : mentoring   sharing   supporting be marett journal of emergency nursing   2000.0 
chromosome banding in amphibia xvii m schmid   c steinlein   w feichtinger first demonstration of multiple sex chromosomes in & hellip ;    
object-oriented extensions in sql3 : a status report kg kulkarni sigmod conference   1994.0 
processing set expressions over continuous update streams s ganguly   mn garofalakis   r rastogi sigmod conference   2003.0 
s. legniewski 's protothetics j slupecki studia logica  
on the second law of thermodynamics wjm rankine phil . mag    
did your family take baths on the prairie ? ja smith   d hobbs social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
fire : a rangeland tool in southern africa wsw trollope proceedings of the first international rangelan d congress    
welcoming commuter students into living-learning programs ra stevensâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   2000.0 
theoretical electron scattering amplitudes and spin polarizations : at m fink   ac yates at . data    
technology adoption in the presence of knowledge barriers : the case of the world wide web s vasudevan   ym wang   
smallpox ar rao bombay   india : kothari book depot    
mentoring undergraduates with professional and liberal arts goals : the mass communication experience j cohen new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
the bmap/g/1 queue : a tutorial dm lucantoni lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 
definitive xml schema p walmsley  2001.0 
exemplary world wide web resources . pull-out feature 3 . rg helms social studies and the young learner   1997.0 
simple models of network access   with applications to the design of joint rate and admission control m mandjes   d mitra   w scheinhardt computer networks   2003.0 
cooperation model for multi-agent system r marcjan   e nawarecki systems science-wroclaw -   1996.0 
access path selectionin a relationaldatabasemanagement system pg selingerandâ ? ¦ proc . acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data   & hellip ;    
understanding nonlinear dynamics d kaplan   l glass  1995.0 
2-phenylethanol isolated from bark beetles jaa renwick   gb pitman   jp vitã © naturwissenschaften   1976.0 
polyspectral analysis of signals : an introduction d kocur   r stanko radioengineering-prague -   1998.0 
dvm : an object-oriented framework for building large distributed ada systems cj thompson   v celier   
os support for vldbs : unix enhancements for the teradata data base j catozzi   s rabinovici proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
sudden respiratory deterioration in the positive pressure ventilated patient : an organized approach dj beless   cm slovis journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
the methood approach : measures   transformation rules   and heuristics for object-oriented design t grotehen   kr dittrich   
unicode   wide characters   and c c petzold pc magazine    
a semantics for functional efficacy j hughes   s zwart   
procedural and distributive justice : what is fair depends more on what comes first than on what k van den bos   r vermunt   ham wilke journal of personality and social psychology    
statistical theory of communication yw lee   
the effects of congestion on driversâ ?? behaviourâ ?? c christie proceedings of the 23rd ptrc european transport forum   & hellip ;    
a preprandial rise in plasma ghrelin levels suggests a role in meal initiation in humans de cummings   jq purnell   rs frayo   k schmidova   be diabetes-new york -   2001.0 
serafini   and h. stuckenschmidt . c-owl : contextualizing ontologies p bouquet   f giunchiglia   f van harmelen procs second international semantic web conference . itc-irst & hellip ;    
gevirtz homework project process evaluation report jh brown   ua herrity  2001.0 
accreditation issues related to adult degree programs eg simpson jr new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
towards fluency-structured dialogues with natural speech input dj attwater   js fisher   hr greenhow bt technology journal   1999.0 
your eyes come first j seymour pc magazine    
cost and availability tradeoffs in replicated data concurrency control aku mar   a segev acm transactions on database systems   1993.0 
antibiotics for acute otitis media in children pp glasziou   cb del mar   m hayem   sl sanders cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
vibration suppression in helicopters with the acsr approach using an improved control algorithm r cribbs   pp friedmann european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
first core poloidal flow velocity measurements in jet f sattin   y andrew   c giroud   n hawkes   m valisa     
interventions for preventing injuries in problem drinkers t dinh-zarr   c diguiseppi   e heitman   i roberts cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
why companies go green : a model of ecological responsiveness p bansal   k roth academy of management journal   2000.0 
judging student multimedia c brunner electronic learning    
consistency of transactions and random batch r bayer acm transactions on database systems   1986.0 
e-commerce : cyber-and physical environments h bouwman electronic markets   1999.0 
the problem of remedy in monopolization cases : the ws comanor  2001.0 
senile plaque amyloid   paired helical filaments   and cerebrovascular amyloid in alzheimer 's disease m kidd   d allsop   m landon lancet i   1985.0 
a ptime-complete problem for slp-compressed words n markey   p schnoebelen submitted for publication    
the practitioner 's viewpoint jl berg   j weythman   j golden   j lyon   j winkler proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1978.0 
radiolysis of ammonia in the first-loop coolant in reactor systems in floating power-generating av bulanov   bi kolesov   ml lukashenkoâ ? ¦ at .  
achieving excellence : how will we know ? . cf conrad   dj eagan new directions for higher education   1989.0 
glacial marine sedimentation and stratigraphy of the toby conglomerate ( upper proterozoic )   kr aalto  1970.0 
efficient view maintenance at data warehouses d agrawal   a el abbadi   a singh   t yurek sigmod rec   1997.0 
servicios unix para pcs basadas en dos k christian pc  
cost and availability tradeoffs in replicated data concurrency control a kurnar   a segev acm tods    
plasmid-encoded multiple antibiotic resistance in vibrio cholerae el tor from bangladesh ej threlfall   b rowe   i huq lancet i   1980.0 
the role of professional development in preparing academic leaders sc raines   ms alberg new directions for higher education   2003.0 
delta-4   a generic architecture for dependable distributed computing d powell  1991.0 
quality assuranceâ ?? quality control project plan r traver   a welker & hellip ; stormwater porous concrete demonstration siteâ ?? a retrofit    
optimal bounds for the predecessor problem p beame   
geostatistics for natural resources evaluation : oxford university press p goovaerts new york    
sheep adrenal inhibin as mcneilly   an brooks   g baxter   r webb see ref    
evaluating the effects of natural language generation techniques on reader satisfaction c callaway   j lester   
susan budassi sheehy : emergency nursing 's renaissance woman . sb sheehy journal of emergency nursing   1989.0 
the information theoretical significance of spatial and temporal masking in video signals b girod proc . spie   1989.0 
the surface texture of human skin . ta quilliam j audiov media med   1978.0 
detecting change in data streams s ben-david   j gehrke   d kifer   
confinement of metal complexes within porous hosts : development of functional materials for gas ll welbes   as borovik acc . chem . res   2005.0 
try   try again k nash   m songini computerworld    
xcpath   the first order complete xpath dialect m marx proc . of the 23rd acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ;   2004.0 
heroism as a nursing virtue v lanara  1996.0 
dispositional emotionality and regulation : their role in predicting quality of social functioning n eisenberg   ra fabes   ik guthrie   m reiser journal of personality and social psychology   2000.0 
the rationalization of the organizational meeting : implications of group support systems for power   d clapper   p prasad proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1993.0 
empowering women 's citizenship la staeheli   ms cope political geography   1994.0 
communication complexity of secure computation m franklin   
fair exchange with a semi-trusted third party mk franklin   mk reiter   
a draft integration of information models d oliver procs . of tutorial and workshop on engineering of computer - & hellip ;    
a database model for object dynamics mp papazoglou   bj krã $ mer the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
sql and management of external data gc introduction sigmod record   2001.0 
finite element models for creeping convection a sato   eg thompson i.  
institutional theory and institutional change : introduction to the special research forum mt dacin   j goodstein   wr scott academy of management journal   2002.0 
dissonance processes as self-affirmation cm steele   tj liu journal of personality and social psychology    
eastern kentucky roots   ( posted at www . gencircles . com )   '' sf bradley  1937.0 
oral knowledge   typographic knowledge   electronic knowledge : speculations on the history of d brent electronic journal    
historical fiction & fantasy for the young learner . children 's literature . lb clegg   pk ford social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
sequential sampling procedures for query size estimation pj haas   an swami proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1992.0 
historically black colleges and universities : making a comeback ke redd new directions for higher education   1998.0 
a. richards . colourvision andimageintensities : whenarechanges material jm rubin andw technical report aim { 631   artificial intelligence laboratory    
a densitometric study of an uneven development effect in infrared film . rj marshall j audiov media med   1978.0 
culture in anarchy : classical education as a counter-revolutionary force in nineteenth-century sa spencer  1992.0 
responses of neurons in primary and inferior temporal visual cortices to natural scenes r baddeley   lf abbott   mca booth   f sengpiel   t proceedings : biological sciences   1997.0 
copyright : opportunities and restrictions for the teleinstructor jh bruwelheide new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
2nd international indentation workshop   cambridge   uk   july 2001 and h van melick   a van dijken   jmj den toonder   l phil .  
implicit theories of intelligence   creativity   and wisdom rj sternberg journal of personality and social psychology    
limits on t-quark decay into charged higgs from a direct search at the cern proton-antiproton c albajar   r kinnunen   j tuominiemi   v karimaki   m oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
a guide to directx ( microsoft 's multimedia api ) n randall pc  
statistical database design fy chin   g ozsoyoglu acm transactions on database systems   1981.0 
here 's something for everyone ! teacher 's roundtable . lm handleyâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
biological storytelling : a software tool for biological information organization based upon a kuchinsky   k graham   d moh   a adler   k babaria   acm siggroup bulletin   2002.0 
on programmable universal mobile channel r liao   a campbell proceedings of acm  
stream processing of xpath queries a gupta   d suciu sigmod  
weather radar programs in france m gilet   h sauvageot   j testud conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
presupposition triggered by temporal connectives f schilder   
the rediscovery of mina loy and the avant garde sf morse wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1961.0 
bulk amorphous alloys : practical characteristics and applications   vol . 6 of materials science a inoue  1999.0 
airloads measurements from a 1/4-scale tiltrotor wind tunnel test sm swanson   aa swanson   ms mccluer   gk yamauchi european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
knowledge management mistakes j ambrosio computerworld    
towards intelligent recognition of multimedia episodes in real-time applications j gabbe   a ginsberg   b robinson proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
cage and poligon : two frameworks for blackboard-based concurrent problem-solving hp nii  1986.0 
technology and economy of blending and mixing . the best of bulk solids handling : stacking   blending at zador trans tech publications   zurich   switzerland    
automatic labelling of areas in thematic maps d dã ¶ rschlag   i petzold   l plã 1/4 mer proc . of the 21st int . cartographic conf . ( iccâ ?? 03 )    
standard sql/mm : sql multimedia and application packages k jankiewicz   m wojciechowski   
normal vortex interaction with a loaded symmetrical blade cj doolan   fn coton   r galbraith european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
high-confidence design for security sk chin communications-acm   1999.0 
using iterated bagging to debias regressions l breiman machine learning   2001.0 
learning in professional practice bj daley new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
39a session calledâ ?? court called into sessionâ ?? a rot is required g if see  
the complexity of xpath query processing g gottlob   c koch   r pichler proceedings of the 22nd acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium  
adaptive predictive control of a distillation column tw yoon   dr yang   ks lee   ym kwon   
secure protocol composition a datta   a derek   jc mitchell   d pavlovic proceedings of acm workshop on formal methods in security & hellip ;   2003.0 
electronic journals : publishing via internet 's world wide web pa van brakel electronic library   1995.0 
a measure of parallelization for the lexicographically first maximal subgraph problems r uehara proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ;   1997.0 
thoughtful warriors : status   warriorship   and alliance in the ecuadorian amazon jq patton  1996.0 
africanized bee   and mites parasitic on bees   in relation to world beekeeping e crane see ref    
intelligent selection of instance for prediction functions in lazy learning j zhang   ys yim   j yang artificial intelligence review    
idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis : current concepts jh ryu   tv colby   te hartman mayo clinic proceedings   1998.0 
wildlife conservation : an historical perspective . j sheail geography   1984.0 
prediction and controlling resource usage in a heterogeneous active network   dec. 2000 sf bush   ab kulkarni   v galtier   k mills   y & hellip ; networks pi meeting and demonstration ( http://www . crd . ge .  
path phrases and compounds in the acquisition of english w snyder   s felber   b kang   d lillo-martin at bucld    
removal policies in network caches for world wide web s williams   m abrams   cr standridge   g abdulla   ea proc . acm  
the effect of chromosome structure on gene expression h yu   j qian   k yuval   m gerstein  2002.0 
natural language processing ak joshi acm sigart bulletin   1977.0 
web-based simulation generator : empowering teaching and learning media in political science a ip   r linser   
concordia : an infrastructure for collaborating mobile agents d wong   n paciorek   t walsh   j dicelie   m young   b lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
in : principles of bone biology bp lukert   be kream academic : san diego    
evolved software for the 80 's la belady ieee computer    
the political landscape of adult education : from the personal to political and back again ca hansman new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
process-centered software engineering environments : academic and industrial perspective g engels   r balzer   v gruhn proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software  
a comparison of the effects of alfacalcidol treatment and vitamin d supplementation on calcium rm francis   it boyle   c moniz   am sctcliffe   bs proceedings of the ninth workshop on vitamin d. orlando   & hellip ;    
an analysis of three transaction processing architectures a bhide vldb   1988.0 
failure and failure resolution in the us thrift and banking industries a gupta   l misra   
on the scattering of radiation from atoms i waller phil . mag    
algorithmsfordeferred view maintenance ls colby   t griffin   l libkin   is mumick   h proc . of the acm sigmod  
measurement of heat losses from an operating district heating system g phetteplace f = i    
andt . r. smith . efficient retrieval for browsing large image databases d wu   d agrawal   ae abbadi   a singh procs . conf . on information and knowledge management    
ontologies and rules in support of real-time ubiquitous application m hatala   r wakkary   l kalantari journal of web semantics   special issue on '' rules and & hellip ;   2005.0 
querando ! : un agente de filtrado de documentos web sa gomez   l lanzarini procs . of the vii argentinean conf . in computer science ( & hellip ;    
extensions of topological groups do not respect countable compactness   5 pp m bruguera   m tkachenko   
using dialogues to access semantic knowledge in a web legal ir system p quaresma   i rodrigues   
variability in models for recurrent epidemics al lloyd  2001.0 
49 of latina/os came from el salvador   as compared with 40 from mexico i marshall   
no silver bullet : essence and accidents of software engineering www-inst . eecs.berkeley.edu   
at delhi . l fraser  1903.0 
echoes and imitations of early epic in apollonius rhodius . 1981 m campbell   
slac-pub-9381 ( submitted to nucl . inst . meth . )   2002 tb humenskyâ ? ¦   
chaos control through model reduction : the case of peak-to-peak dynamics c piccardi   s rinaldi submitted for  
krishna   kulkarni   peter schwarz   kathy zeidenstein   sql and management of external data j melton   je michels   v josifovski sigmod record   mar    
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation and acupuncture for primary dysmenorrhoea ml proctor   ca smith   cm farquhar   rw stones cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
scalable tcp : improving performance in highspeed wide area networks t kelly   
real world requirements for decision support-implications for rdbms sk bansal   
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries g georg   k christoph   p reinhard proc . of the vldb    
elizabeth j. scott home page-http : / / www . familytreemaker . com/users/s / c/o/elizabeth-j-scott / index . ej scott   
mcgnaw-hill book company n yonk   
christian realism and political problems r niebuhr  1953.0 
mulurelataons -- semantics and languages a klausner   n goodman proc 11th vldb conf   stockholm   sweden    
a survey of the world wide web security a rubin   d greer ieee computer    
a packet-switched multimedia conferencing system em schooler   sl casner acm sigois bulletin   1989.0 
the economic geography of the internet 's infrastructure * . ej malecki economic geography   2002.0 
biota and stream water quality monitoring dj russell   aj mcdougall demonstration of management and rehabilitation of acid & hellip ;    
how does cooperation reduce intergroup bias sl gaertner   ja mann   jf dovidio   aj murrell   m journal of personality and social psychology    
a survey of current practice of value assessment in the management of manufacturing information and jn ezingeard   p race & hellip ; of the second international conference on management  
fed access law could affect it p thibodeau computerworld    
etal. : the solar dynamic radiator with a historical perspective kl mclallin proceedings of the 23rd international energy conversion  
the continuum of professional education and practice ab knox new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
confocal scanning optical microscopy and related imaging system academic tr corle   gs kino san diego   calif    
estimation of sediment redistribution within agricultural fields using caesium-137   crystal springs   ra sutherland   e de jong applied geography    
serious birdstrike accidents to military aircraft : updated list and summary   p. 67â ?? 97 : j richardson   t west proceedings of the 25 thinternational bird strike committee . & hellip ;    
the alf proof editor and its proof engine l magnusson   b nordstroem lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
an evaluation of generic bulk loading techniques j den bercken   b seeger proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
assessment in accelerated learning programs : a practical guide be walvoord new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
software tool packages the expertise needed to build expert systems c williams electronic design    
academic staff   students and the internet : the experience at the university of westminster bb blinko electronic library   1996.0 
ketamine administration during waking increases delta eeg intensity in rat sleep i feinberg   ig campbell neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
toward a theory of phonological process in first and second language learning . d oller western conference of linguistics   seattle   washington    
fast algebraic attacks on stream ciphers with linear feedback n courtois   
forest-based statistical sentence generation i langkilde   
modeling cognition with software agents s franklin   a graesser   
a history of system r and sql/data system d chamberiin   a gilbert   r yost proc . 7th international conference on very large data bases   & hellip ;    
dynamics of home range and movements of adult black bears in northeastern pennsylvania gl alt   g matula   f alt   j lindzey international conference on bear research and management    
chickpea improvement in tunisia m bouslama proc int workshop chickpea improv    
prefix ã ¿ â ¡ trees r bayer   k unterauer acm transactions on database systems    
virtual book reports nl everhart electronic school    
on closed form solutions for pricing options with jumping volatility r tompkins   f hubalek unpublished paper : technical university   vienna    
energy-controlled p systems r freund lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
leaf isozymes as genetic markers in citrus rk soost   am torres proc . int . soc . citricult    
supporting a community of practice : the role of workers as learners m de laat   f de jong   j ter huurne   
aggregate-query processing in data warehousing environments ag ghqw   v harinarayan   d quass proc . of the 21st vldb co @   zurich   switzerland    
security for service discovery c cap   s preuss   i sedov   h buchholz  2002.0 
continuum of complexity m franklin proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
a current model of population dynamics in red grouse a watson   r moss proc . int . ornothol . congr.   15th    
document management : the painful transition g berline   l grunin pc magazine   1993.0 
some thoughts on emulating jitter for user experience trials g armitage   l stewart proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ;   2004.0 
m and franklin ad 1965 im boswarva phil . mag    
xml programming   2002 ra wyke   b leupen   s rehman microsoft  
lusternik-schnirelman theory and dynamics   available as math m farber   
testing in the schools : individualized intelligence tests and curriculum based measurement kl emery  2003.0 
let 's agree to disagree s nejati   m chechik proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
will 3g networks be the next big wireless technology ? l garber ieee computer    
optimization of slice models mm voelker  2002.0 
an eclectic approach to building natural language interfaces b phillips   mj freiling   jh alexander   sl messick   proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ;   1985.0 
the nasa integrated vehicle health management technology experiment for x-37 m schwabacher   j samuels   l brownston spie proceedings series   2002.0 
political claims analysis : integrating protest event and political discourse approaches r koopmans   p statham   
perceptual and semantic management of sound effect p cano   m koppenberger   s le groux   p herrera   n submitted for publication    
evaluating multimedia educational software : the dast experience f albalooshi   em alkhalifa & hellip ; resources management association international conference    
and-play ( upnp ) forum u plug   
recovery architectures for multiprocessor database machines r agrawal   
helicopter active noise and vibration reduction ta millott   wa welsh european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
g.   & plexousakis   d. ( 2003 ) . optimizing taxanomic semantic web queries using labelling schemes v christophides journal of web semantics    
uio sequence based checking sequences for distributed test architectures rm hierons   h ural information and software technology   2003.0 
the outcome questionnaire mj lambert   ae finch see maruish    
a.   mccarthy   j.   d. ( 2003 ) . shiny happy people building trust ? photos on e-commerce web site and j riegelsberger   m sasse proc chi . acm  
the implementation and experiences of a structure-oriented text editor . o strã ¶ mfors   l jonesjã ¶ acm sigplan notices   1981.0 
internet edi on horizon k nash computerworld    
software process maturity ( spm ) and the information systems developer k thompson   p mcparland information and software technology   1993.0 
perceptual and statistical models for virtual audio environments jm jot proc acm workshop  
knowledge management p loshin computerworld    
temporal relations in geographic information systems : a workshop at the university of maine r barrera   a frank   k al-taha acm sigmod record   1991.0 
building usable menu-based natural language interfaces to databases cw thompson   km ross   hr tennant   rm saenz vldb   1983.0 
cable tv technology for local access st jewell   jj patmore   kd stalley   r mudhar bt technology journal   1998.0 
xml : a second chance for web markup n randal pc magazine   november    
budget and planning pn haeuser new directions for higher education   2000.0 
on vacancy formation and the origin of dislocations in growth from the melt gf bolling   d fainstein phil . mag.   1972.0 
jeffrey d. ullman.â ?? implementing data cubes effiecientlyâ ?? v harinarayan   a rajaraman proceedings of acm sigmod 1996 international conference on & hellip ;    
epipolar geometry of panoramic cameras t svoboda   t pajdla   v hlavac lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
visual basic workshop jc craig microsoft  
compiling high-level languages for real-time embedded systems cs ananian   m rinard   
finding related pages in the world wide web j dean   mr henzinger www8 / computer networks   1999.0 
bro : a system for detecting network intruders in real-time v paxson computer networks   1999.0 
investigation of 85 kr production and the influence of 85 kr on the radiation conditions during the vv serebryakov   ap kirillovich   af sviridovâ ? ¦ at .  
column generation techniques for pickup and delivery problems m sol doktorarbeit   technical university eindhoven    
determinacion of ph : theory and practice . rg bates   
design patterns addison-wesley   1995 e gamma   r helm   r johnson   j vissides   
administrators   evaluation   and the stream of life . hl hodgkinson new directions for higher education   1978.0 
nephropathy in hiv-transgenic mice jb kopp   pe ray   sh adler   la bruggeman contributions to nephrology   1994.0 
importance of intramolecular protein dynamics to kinetics of biochemical processes m kurzynski cellular and molecular biology letters   1999.0 
fty720   a novel immunosuppressant possessing unique mechanisms . iii . synergistic prolongation of t kawaguchi   y hoshino   f rahman   y amano   h transplantation proceedings   1996.0 
dynamic programming treatment of the travelling salesman problem r bellman journal of the acm ( jacm )   1962.0 
an experimental study of field methods which will insure to stadia measurements greatly increased ls smith  1895.0 
demographic diversity and faultlines : the compositional dynamics of organizational groups dc lau   jk murnighan the academy of management review   1998.0 
integrated computer architectures for image processing and database management k hwang   k fu ieee computer    
the cipher shark . v rijmen   j daemen   b preneel   a bosselaers   e de lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
e. yves schabes . finite-state language processing e roche technical report   mit press   cambridge   massachusetts.    
experience with a new drum centrifuge dp stewart   rs boyle   mf randolph proc . int . conf . centrifuge    
andj . d. ullman . implementing data cubes efficiently v harinarayan   a rajaraman proc . of    
robust learning with missing data p sebastiani machine learning   2001.0 
r. ; â ?? ontolingua : a mechanism to support portable ontologiesâ ?? t gruber technical report ksl-91-66 . stanford university   knowledge  
campus environmental audits : the ucla experience . aa smith   r gottlieb new directions for higher education   1992.0 
decimeter gps positioning for surface element of sea floor geodesy system le young   sc wu   th dixon  1987.0 
the broadband access facility j kelly   r adnams   m enrico   m whittle bt technology journal   2000.0 
a tutorial on behavioral reflection and its implementation j malenfant   m jacques   fn demers   
a unified approach to constrained mapping and routing on network-on-chip architectures a hansson   k goossens   a radulescu   
design-analysis associativity technology for psi r peak   re fulton   a chandrasekhar   s cimtalay   m phase i report : pilot demonstration of step-based stress  
making judgements about student 's science work : teacher 's concepts and how they help and hinder r hickey proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the western & hellip ;    
â ?? and we will welcome themâ ?? : reforming special education through chicago school reform t hehir new directions for program evaluation   1993.0 
early experience with the compass elbow hinge : a retrospective review [ c ] rb wyrsch   dr weikert   jg seilerâ ? ¦ procs annual meeting american society for surgery of the & hellip ;    
inderpa l singh mumick . supporting multiple view maintenance policies ls colby   a kawaguchi   df lieuwen proceedings of the international conference on management of  
a simulation environment for multiprocessor architectures   1995 dn jayasimha   j may   k patel   r rao   l schwiebert unpublished  
dissociating evidence-based and intuition-based self-knowledge : an fmri study md lieberman   jm jarcho   ab satpute submitted for publication    
the geography of the â ?? entrepreneurial stateâ ?? : public venture capital programs in the usa   â ?? an c thompson   k bayer annual conference of the association of american geographers  
will wireless gaming be a winner ? n leavitt   
intentions to shop using internet catalogues : exploring the effects of product types   shopping leor vijayasarathy electronic markets   2000.0 
a   fert a and pomeroy ar 1967 ia campbellâ ? ¦ phil . mag    
the code book : the science of cyptography from ancient egypt to quantum s singh   
nasa biospheric sciences   code 923   goddard space flight center   greenbelt jl privette   
the generalized pre-grouping transformation : aggregate-query optimization in the presence of a tsois   t sellis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
peer-to-peer semantic coordination p bouquet   l serafini   s zanobini journal of web semantics   2004.0 
unix programmerâ ?? s manual   bell telephone labs   murray hill   nj   july 1974 dm ritchie acm transactions on database systems    
november . the armada file system r oldfield   d kotz unpublished manuscript [ online ] . available : http://www . cs . & hellip ;    
high assurance computing on open hardware architectures y chen   p england   m peinado   b willman   
nondestructive evaluation of thermallyshocked plasticic packages using acousticmicroscopy je semmens   lw kessler proc . 29th ann . / eee intâ ?? l reliabilty symp.   istfa    
gpcad : a tool for cmos op-amp synthesis m del mar hershenson   sp boyd   th lee proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0 
the logic of evaluation and evaluation practice m scriven new directions for program evaluation   1995.0 
the diamondback moth and its natural enemies in jamaica and other caribbean islands mm alam see ref    
an experiment to characterize videos on the world wide web s acharya   b smith proc . acm multimedia    
ec 120 design jc bouvier european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
annotation   composition and invocation of semantic web services s agarwal   s handschuh   s staab journal of web semantics ( to 2004.0 
design issues for a dexter-based hypermedia k grã ¸ nbã ¦ k   rh trigg proc . acm echt conference ( 1992 )  
motivation in interdisciplinary programs eb nuhfer new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
long-acting beta2-agonists for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients with poorly reversible s appleton   p poole   b smith   a veale   a bara cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
workshop evaluation : old myths and new wisdom gj andrews new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
tracking set-expression cardinalities over continuous update streams s ganguly   m garofalakis   r rastogi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
xml schema gc introduction sigmod record   2003.0 
the practice of peptide synthesis m bodanszky   a bodanszky  1994.0 
clinical intestinal transplantation : experience in miami t karatzas   f khan   ag tzakis transplantation proceedings   1997.0 
the web untangled r ayre   k reichard pc magazine    
the student experience . kc green   pp mcnamara new directions for higher education   1978.0 
washington state early childhood education career and wage ladder pilot project : evaluation report j brown  2002.0 
v   harinarayan   and d. quass . aggregatequery processing in data warehousing environments a gupta proc . 21st intt . conj . very large data  
the kernel adatron algorithm : a fast and simple learning procedure for support vector machines.   '' tt frie   n cristianini   c campbell   
synchronized continuous media playback through the world wide web k mayer-patel   d simpson   d wu   la rowe proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
a historical analyses of the development of two concepts of â ?? presbyteryâ ?? ja watt seattle   washington : james a. watt    
small business solutions for e-commerce b kienan  2000.0 
a   ullman   jd   implementing data cubes efficiently r harinarayan proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;    
the use of cohort normalized scores for speaker recognition ae rosenberg   j delong   ch lee   bh juang   fk soong proc . int . conf . spoken language processing    
socio-economics : what is its place in law practice ? r ashford wisconsin law review   1997.0 
ms read : context sensitive document analysis in the www environment n milic-frayling   r sommerer   
pathways of human influence on water temperature dynamics in stream channels gc poole   ch berman & hellip ; states environmental protection agency . seattle   washington   2000.0 
a new method for robot motion planning and real geometry j canny proc . 28th ieee syrup . on foundations of computer science    
an overview of path pascal 's design rh campbell   rb kolstad acm sigplan notices   1980.0 
traffic control and qos management in the internet h zhang acm sigmetrics tutorial proceedings   1999.0 
status of ccitt description techniques and application to protocol specification . gj dickson   pe de chazal proceedings of the ieee   1983.0 
funding for small us businesses and from darpa and nasa . m winslett sigmod record   1991.0 
an updated parametric model of the tropical cyclone ba harper   gj holland proceedings of the 23rd conference hurricanes and tropical & hellip ;    
biology of the arthropod cuticle ac neville  1975.0 
relationship of career mentoring and socioeconomic origin to managers ' and professionals ' early w whitely   tw dougherty   gf dreher the academy of management journal   1991.0 
urban stream rehabilitation in the pacific northwest : physical   biological   and social db booth   jr karr   s schauman   cp konrad   sa  2001.0 
john wain : the will to write wv o'connor wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1960.0 
spartina in willapa bay : a case history . p. 27â ?? 29 : j sayce spartina workshop record   seattle   washington   november    
political empowerment   local-central state relations   and geographically shifting political b miller political geography   1994.0 
weblint : quality assurance for the world wide web n bowers www5 / computer networks   1996.0 
the internet in service-learning m canada new directions for higher education   2001.0 
enemy at the gate : threats to information security me whitman communications-acm   2003.0 
sala-i-martin   x. ( 1995 ) economic growth rj barro new york    
countering non-lethal information warfare h kluepfel proc . ieee 29th ann . int . carnahan conf . on security & hellip ;    
support vector machine clustering a ben-hur   d horn   ht siegelmann   v vapnik journal of machine learning research    
career education : a prospective   a retrospective   and a few guesses . ae levine new directions for higher education   1987.0 
variational models for microstructure and phase transitions s mueller lecture notes in mathematics-springer verlag -   1999.0 
editor 's notes ja neff journal of emergency  
neural computing : theory and practice pd wasserman  1989.0 
delayed-impact infectious disease after a natural disaster . ra bissell journal of emergency medicine   1983.0 
dynamics mechanism of change in early perceptuo-motor development e thelen proc . of the 29th carnegie symposium on cognition    
approximation techniques for spatial data a das   j gehrke   m riedewald proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
multi-model based optimization for stream query processing y liu   b plale   
development of three-dimensionaldisplay with accomodative compensation s shiwa   k omura   t miyasato proc . int . display workshop    
retrieving answers from frequently asked questions pages on the web v jijkoun   m de rijke proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
worst-case bounds for the logarithmic loss of predictors n cesa-bianchi   g lugosi machine learning   2001.0 
posting on harlan county queries board   august 6   1999   ( www . rootsweb . com )   '' b johnson   
relations between quadratic forms and certain galois extensions f villegas  1987.0 
e.   kendall   pw   marzwaha n cusack phil . mag    
academic policy committee 2004-2005 annual report f senate  2005.0 
quasi-random access memory systems gl hollander proceedings of ejcc    
freshwater mollusks of the upper klamath drainage   oregon tj frest   ej johannes & hellip ; consultants   seattle   washington . oregon natural heritage & hellip ;    
cocaine-induced wide complex dysrhythmia w kerns   l garvey   j owens journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
introduction to a new approach to experiential learning l jackson   i macisaac new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
mheg : an introduction to the future international standard for hypermedia object interchange r price proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   1993.0 
rajaraman . a. implementing data cubes efficiently ujd harinarayan proc acm sigmod int &#39; l conf on management of data . montreal    
the lsd tree : spatial access to multidimensional point-and non-point-objects   15th int a henrich   hw six   p widmayer conf . on very large data bases    
parallel processing of recursive queries in distributed architectures g hulin vldb   1989.0 
diskscheduling in multimedia i/o system alnrj wyllie proceedings of acm  
systems architecture : the empirical wayâ ?? abstract architectures to â ?? optimalâ ?? systems gr hellestrand proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
tutorial database mining r agrawal proceedings of the thirteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1994.0 
standards in social studies : curriculum concerns . lm handley   s adler social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
enhanced-safety cascade subcritical reactor pn alekseev   vv ignatâ ?? ev   oe kolyaskinâ ? ¦ at .  
foundations of synergetics : distributed active systems as mikhailov  1990.0 
determining appropriate stiffness levels for spudcan foundations using jack-up case records mj cassidy   gt houlsby   m hoyle   m marcom proc . 21st int . conf . on offshore mechanics and arctic & hellip ;   2002.0 
x 25 based process - process communication f hertweck   e raubold   fh vogt computer networks    
the htk book for htk 3.1 s young   g evermann   gm kershaw   j odell   d  2001.0 
japanese american internment : a historical narrative . sm pickering   lb walker social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
tcl/tk 1994 workshop g lester proceedings of a workshop held june 23-25   1994   new orleans & hellip ;   1994.0 
greece 's balkan entanglement t veremes  1995.0 
internet access traffic sharing in a multi-operator environment m naldi computer networks   2002.0 
the naxi and the nationalities question cf mckhann see harrell    
the welfare state : an approach based on historical sociology a afouxenidis sociology in greece today   papazisis   athens    
exploring complex policy questions using the policy delphiâ ?? a multi-round   interactive survey applied geography   1995  1995.0 
simulation fidelity metrics for virtual environments based on memory semantics . technical sketch k mania   a chalmers   t troscianko   r hawkes proc . of acm siggraph 2001    
a calculation of defect gibbs energies for silver chloride and silver bromide . cr catlow phil . mag.   1987.0 
refactoring uml models g sunye   d pollet   y le traon   jm jezequel lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
developing independence in a life transition : investing the self in the concerns of the day s zirkel journal of personality and social psychology    
woes of the wireless recruiter j dash computerworld    
1995 wharton survey of derivatives usage by us non-financial firms gm bodnar   rs hayt   rc marston   
lectures in lost mathematica b griinbaum   gc shephard mimeographed notes   univ. of washington   seattle    
microsoft data mining : integrated business intelligence for e-commerce and knowledge management b de ville  2001.0 
virtual conferencing an mortlock   d machin   s mcconnell   p sheppard bt technology journal   1997.0 
deformable models d terzopoulos   k fleischer the visual computer   1988.0 
statistical theory of signal detection pergamon press 1975 cw helstrom   
g. rey foundations for a theory of contextors j coutaz proc cadui02   acm publ    
k. nolan . 2002 . technical aspects of testing in brash ice at ohmsett i buist   d dickins   d devitis   a guarino proceedings 25 tharctic and marine oilspill program  
xml schema dc fallsideâ ? ¦   
vibration as a factor giving rise to cracking of cold collectors pgv-1000 vg verezemskii at .  
the spiral antenna bh burdine  1955.0 
response of a stream channel to an increase in sediment load : unpublished ms thesis ma madej university of washington   seattle   washington    
distributed processing of data dynamics c rolland   c richard acm sigmod record   1982.0 
a primer on acupuncture v cadwell journal of emergency nursing   1998.0 
â ?? â ?? i ask that it be included in the official printed record toh children   
querying websites using compact skeletons a rajaraman   jd ullman   
sql and management of external data . also iso/iec 9075-9-2000 j meltonâ ? ¦ information technologyâ ?? database  
emotion and the amygdala je ledoux see aggleton    
dual career paths reduce turnover b cole-gomolski computerworld    
den haag   september 1997 s uitgevers   
design of reversible logic circuits by means of control gates a de vos   b desoete   a adamski   p pietrzak   m lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
managing multiple funding sources and writing grant documents . ew brewer new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
burglary reduction and the myth of displacement www . aic . gov. au . accessed november 22   2002 j ratcliffe  2002.0 
e-mail from susan reynolds   september 2002   ( nampa   idaho   september 2002 )   '' s reynolds   
towards fast non-rigid registration   december 2002 u clarenz   m droske   m rumpf   
unpublished talk   presented at the rossi 2000 symposium   gsfc/nasa   greenbelt k jahoda md    
arie segev haas school of business university of california   berkeley & lawrence berkeley national cs jensen sigmod record   1995.0 
positron lifetime in silver bromide kh surbeck & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;   1976.0 
gaas heterojunction biopolar transistor rf ic for wireless applications da nobury proc int conf gaas   1997.0 
an introduction to primary mentoring t maynard adolescence-san diego -   2000.0 
an investigation of documents from the world wide web a woodruff   pm aoki   ea brewer   p gauthier   la www5 / computer networks   1996.0 
web-based education for all : a tool for development adaptive courseware p brusilovsky   j eklund   ew schwarz www7 / computer networks   1998.0 
of writing   imagination   and dialogue : a transformative experience je clark new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
the reeducation of emotionally disturbed children n hobbs see ref    
using multiversion data for non-interfering executionof write-only transactions d agrawal   v krishnamurthy proceedingof the acm sigmod  
characterization of cu ( inga ) se/sub 2/solar cells with high ga content wn shafarman   r klenk   be mccandless proceedings of the 25 h ieee photovoltaic specialist & hellip ;    
term orderings on the polynominal ring l robbiano lecture notes in computer science   1985.0 
a computer program for understanding natural language t winograd technical report tr-17   massachusetts institute of technology  
wheels on the web . pc magazin pc magazine   ( march 21 )    
virtual cut-through : a new computer communication switching technique k parviz   l kienrock computer networks    
sql and management of external data j melton   je michels   v josifovski   k kulkarni   p acm sigmod record   2001.0 
gestural control at ircam . mm wanderley   mh serra   m battier submitted for  
aphorisms and maxims for chief academic officers . ge brooks new directions for higher education   1984.0 
an ? swenson   jr on the semantics of the relational data model ha schmid proc . acm sigmod conf.   wf king   ed.   san jose   calif.   may    
no silver bullet b frederick ieee computer    
automatic accurate time-bound analysis for high-level languages ya liu   g gomez lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
from counterculture to counterrevolution : a teaching career   1959-1984 j axelrod new directions for teaching and learning    
the effect of a variation in precipitation on the nature of clay mineral formation in soils from i barshad proc . int . clay conf    
infrared antennas coupled to lithographic fresnel zone plate lenses fj gonzã ¡ lez   j alda   b ilic   gd boreman   
the self-sufficiency project at 36 months : effects of a financial work incentive on employment and c michalopoulos   d card   la gennetian   k harknett   social research and demonstration corporation   www . srdc . & hellip ;    
extensions of goms analyses to expert performance requiring perception of dynamic visual and be john proceedings of chi   1990.0 
on-the-fly detection of access anomalies e schonberg   
report on second international workshop on advanced issues of e-commerce and web-based information kl wu   ps yu sigmod record   2000.0 
xml data exchange : consistency and query answering m arenas   l libkin   
white house ultimatum to fed is : shape up systems or lose funding . g anthes   
an implementation of gem - supporting a semantic data model on a relational back-end portal.acm.org   
resistivity surveying for planning of infrastructure t dahlin   s johansson procs . sageep    
sensory integration-theory and practice . [ fa davis & co   philadelphia   us ] ag gisher   ea murray   ac bundy  1991.0 
ah von flotow   â ?? dynamics and nonlinear adaptive control of an autonomous unicycle ( theory and dw vos proc . of 29th couf . on decision and control    
broadband islands-bridging the services gap second international conference rpo hã 1/4 berâ ? ¦ athens   greece   june    
illustration in medical teaching . p cull j audiov media med   1978.0 
first ordovician vertebrates from the southern hemisphere a ritchie   j gilbert-tomlinson algheringa i    
improving time-to-market using sdl tools and techniques ( tutorial ) r probert   n mansurov proc . 9th sdl forum   montreal   canada   june    
good advice cheap : is life is tough . here 's some solid ( and free ) advice   observations and j maglitta   
a progress report on the activities of the codasyl end user facility task group hc lefkovits acm sigmod record   1976.0 
trace analysis of erlang programs t arts   la fredlund   
an optical bench for anterior photography of the eye . r ollerenshaw   p kilshaw   e dervin j audiov media med   1978.0 
dissecting bittorrent : five months in a torrent 's lifetime m izal   g urvoy-keller   ew biersack   pa felber   aa lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
a historical archaeology of the modern world 1996  1996.0 
reformulation : an approach to efficient constraint validation x qian   dr smith proc . vldb    
an architecture for high-level language database extensions cj date   
supramolecular chemistry   vch   weinheim   1995 ; b ) mct fyfe   jf stoddart jm lehn acc . chem . res    
usa   1995 ny york   
encapsulation : an approach to operating system security rlb ii   gj popek proc . acm annual conf    
foundations of global analysis a kriegl   pw michor to  
computer architecture research and the real world atd arvind   a caro technical report 397   computation structures group    
knowledge management ! r garner computerworld    
advisor : justin dauwels   matthias frey and patrick merkli in collaboration with benjamin vigoda ( feb t koch continuous-time synchronization . zurich   switzerland .  
at first i thoughtâ ?? : a normalizing device for extraordinary events g jefferson unpublished manuscript    
themathematicallanguageautomath   its usageand some of its extensions ng de bruijn symposium on automatic  
essays on theoretical and applied econometrics sm sherlund  2003.0 
national cancer institute seer cancer statistics review   1973â ?? 1995 . bethesda lag ries   cl kosary   bf hankey md    
  b.   and widmayer   p. 1997 . a generic approach to bulk loading multidimensional index structures v den bercken proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very  
temperature field in the coolant at the entrance into a vvã?r -440 core sa tsymbalov   av kraiko at .  
somatology of the child n exarchopoulos  1931.0 
denotational semantics   operational semantics   and partial correctness for an algol-like language ba trakhtenbrot   jy halpern   ar meyer techn . report   laboratory for computer science   mit    
defining the miao n diamond see harrell    
autodep-facilitating deposition to the protein data bank through the new web-based submission form dr stampf   ee abola   no manning   d xue   jl sussman 17th iucr congress and general assembly   seattle   washington & hellip ;    
design concepts for the california extremely large telescope ( celt ) je nelson proc .  
constrained nearest neighbor queries h ferhatosmanoglu   i stanoi   d agrawal   
database techniques for the world -- wide web . . a survey f daniela   l alon   m alberto sigmod record    
a semifilter approach to selection principles ii : ï?â ?? - covers l zdomsky   
current status of the usaf bird avoidance model ( bam ) rp defusco   
formal query languages for secure relational databases k smith   x qian acm transactions on database systems   1994.0 
detecting semantic events in soccer games : towards a complete solution v tovinkere   rj qian   
reflections on the graduate student experience : an overview ms anderson   jp swazey new directions for higher education   1998.0 
tutorial on federated databases and systems ( part i ) d hsiao the vldb journal    
dynamics of proteins structure ja macammon   m karplus acc . chem . res    
harts : a distributed real-time architecture s kg ieee computer    
on the crispations of a fluid resting upon a vibrating support l rayleigh phil . mag    
skeen . d. . and cristian   f. an efficient   fault-tolerant protocol for replicated data management ae abbadi proceedings 4nd acm  
a regional experience of red cell aplasia ja kynaston   nc west   mm reid european journal of pediatrics   1993.0 
the current status of nonoperative management of adult blunt hepatic injuries . hl pachter   sr hofstetter journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
talking back to the www . j palme computer networks   1999.0 
exploring posterior distributions using markov chains l tierney computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;    
situating conversations within the language/action perspective : the milan conversation model g de michelis   ma grasso proceedings of acm conference on computer supported  
editor 's notes sm richardson new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
constraint satisfaction problems and finite algebras aa bulatov   aa krokhin   p jeavons lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
functional logic overloading m gasbichler   m neubauer   m sperber   p thiemann conference record of the acm symposium on principles of & hellip ;   2002.0 
apj n walbornâ ? ¦  1997.0 
constructivist learning on the web b wilson   m lowry new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
beebe family in northamptonshire   ( http://www . skynet . co. uk/genuki/big / eng/nth/beeby . htm )   '' ad henry   
two-component models of socially desirable responding dl paulhus journal of personality and social psychology    
alpha : a non-proprietary os for large   complex   distributed real-time e jensen   j northcutt procs . of the ieee workshop on experimental distributed  
designing a reward system to promote the career development of senior faculty dw farmer new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
empowering political struggle : spaces and scales of resistance la staeheli political geography   1994.0 
a parallel algorithm for finding a separator in planar graphs h gazit proc . 28th symp . on foundations of computer science    
suicide and the near-death experience seh rogers  1998.0 
the n ( 4   5 ) n ( 6   7 ) n ( 6   7 ) and n ( 4   5 ) o ( 2   3 ) n ( 6   7 ) resonance auger effects in the op sairanen   s aksela proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
md 1997 paul a. vieta   sr sc gooding md    
some grammaticalization changes in estonian and their implications l campbell approaches to grammaticalization    
half-lives for spontaneous fission of 23spu and 2zpu aa druzhinin   vn polynov   am korochkinâ ? ¦ at .  
user 's guide to pari-gp c batutâ ? ¦   
an enzyme histochemical study of isoproterenol-induced myocardial necroses in rats a meijer   h hettwer   ag ciplea the histochemical journal   1988.0 
web-based education for all : a tool for developing adaptive courseware . computer networks and isdn p brusilovsky   j eklund   e schwarz & hellip ; of seventh international world wide web conference    
3.1 . ( 1993 ) . statistical sciences v s-plus inc.   seattle    
dittrich   j. kramer   t. schafer   m. schneider   and b. seeger . xxl-a library approach to supporting j van den bercken   bb jp 27th international conference on very large data  
on modelhng behavloural semantics of data m brodle proc 7th intâ ?? l conf vldb    
tappi pulp . conf n liebergott  1994.0 
san sebastiã ¡ n ; madrid : festival internacional de cine de san sebastiã ¡ n ; filmoteca espaã ± ola   1995 . t partearroyo   g la cava   
teaching and learning on the world wide web s alexander proceedings of ausweb    
notes from the underground f dostoevsky   
implementation of multiwavelength information processing using optical wave mixing w wu  1996.0 
vehicle dynamics modelling for the national advanced driving simulator gj heydinger   mk salaani   wr garrott   pa grygier   
j. : ullman . implementing data cubes efficiently v harinarayan   a rajaraman proc . of acm-sigmod int â ?? l conference on management of & hellip ;    
sectioned systems bg dubovskii at .  
owl rules : a proposal and prototype implementation i horrocks   pf patel-schneider   s bechhofer   d journal of web semantics   2005.0 
movement disorders as a manifestation of nonketotic hyperglycaemia c moores   d dire journal of emergency medicine    
b.   kriegel . h.-p. : â ?? techniques for design and jmplementatiut of bfiicient spatial access methods sk seeger proc . is * int . conf . on vldb    
teaching and learning internet skills b cahoon new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 
renâ · ee pohlmann . viewing stemming as recall enhancement w kraaij proceedings of acm-sigir96    
keuning   1995 . 128 blz.   afbn.   krtn b baarn   
adoption of an organizational practice by subsidiaries of multinational corporations : institutional t kostova   k roth academy of management journal   2002.0 
first leaves : a tutorial introduction to maple v bw char   ko geddesâ ? ¦  1993.0 
interrelationships between zinc and immune function pj fraker   me gershwin   ra good   a prasad fed proc   1986.0 
anytime anywhere learning pilot programme : end of first phase implementation ( september 1998â ?? d passey   k forsyth   d hutchison   a scott   s reading : microsoft    
on building an infrastructure for mobile and wireless systems : report on the nsf workshop on an b kã ¶ nig-ries   k makki   s makki   c perkins   n acm sigmod record   2002.0 
development and validation of ego identity status je marcia journal of personality and social psychology   1966.0 
an evaluation of the impact of component-based architectures on software reusability k mcarthur   h saiedian   m zand information & software technology   2002.0 
simd-bildverarbeitungsalgorithmen mit dem multimedia extension-instruktionssatz ( mmx ) von intel b jahne automatisierungstechnik at    
performance analysis of dataparallel programs vs adve   c koelbel   jm mellor-crummey submitted to supercomputing    
the mouse brain kbj franklin   g paxinos san diego : academic    
algorithms for loading object databases jl wiener  1995.0 
evaluation of melpomene interns and girls project : â ?? role models and mentoringâ ?? for melpomene dm besse  2001.0 
the basic attractor of the viscous moore-greitzer equation ha hauksson  1998.0 
smiths ` sea fishes mm smith   pc heemstra  1986.0 
the effect of relational background knowledge on learning of protein three-dimensional fold m turcotte   s muggleton   m sternberg machine learning   2001.0 
techniques for design and implementation of efficient spatial access methods b seeger   hp kriegel vldb   1988.0 
animating human athletics ck liu   z popovic proc . acm siggraph    
promulgating statements of student rights and responsibilities ae bayer new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
lynne and benjamin   robert . i. 1997 . are you gambling on a magic bullet m markus   
radical novelty in the borderless world ; towards teacherless and campus-less learning programmes r sadananda   
animationstechniken in win32 n thomson  1992.0 
scalable ranking for preference queries y feng   d agrawal   a el abbadi   a singh proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
helping learners take responsibility for self-directed activities r hiemstra new directions for adult and continuing education   1994.0 
the first bluetooth l freed pc  
structure of derivations in natural deduction j von plato submitted for publication    
soap : the simple object access protocol a skonnard   
a semantics for abstraction c ghidini   f giunchiglia   
two-year experience with fk 506 in pediatric patients ag tzakis   j reyes   s todo   b nour transplantation proceedings   1993.0 
on temporal modeling in the context of object databases n pissinou sigmod record   1993.0 
not can but will college teachers be improved p cross new directions for higher education    
the geopolitics of the police : foucault   disciplinary power and the tactics of the los angeles s herbert political geography   1996.0 
x-ray and electron-microscope study of the first stages of precipitation in al-10 percent mg aged at m bernole   r graf   p guyot phil . mag.   1973.0 
optimal allocation of a divisible good to strategic buyers . 2004 s sanghavi   b hajek   
n and hodgson pe 1960 b buck   rn maddison phil . mag    
efficient phrase-based document indexing for web document clustering km hammouda   ms kamel knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on   2004.0 
calculation of the parameters of the field of a cylindrical absrobing emitter in the direction of yb kurdyaev at .  
a genetic algorithm to solve the timetable problem a colorni   m dorigo   v maniezzo submitted for publication   1993.0 
gonorrhea transmission dynamics and control hw hethcote   ja yorke  1984.0 
publication characteristics of randomized controlled trials in pediatric complementary and k campbell   m sampson   i ajiferuke   d moher submitted for  
cartographic errors symptomatic of underlying algebra problems . first int wr franklin symposium on spatial data handling . zurich   switzerland    
riskmetrics technical document jp morgan   
new welding process for galvanized steel sw williams   pl salter   g scott   sj harris proc . 26th int . symp . automotive technology and automation    
not can but will college teaching be improved p cross new directions for higher education   1977.0 
the inland chumash : ethnography   ethnohistory   and archeology sp horne  1981.0 
interactions among algae   invertebrates and the physical environment in stream riffle communities tl dudley  1989.0 
the career socialization of women in school administration c marshall  1979.0 
a. shoshani-logical modeling of temporal data a segev the proc . of the acm-sigmod international conference on the & hellip ;    
enciclopedia microsoft encarta 2002 . 1993-2001 x rayos microsoft  
interactive narrative : stepping into our own stories m flanagan   f arble   c clanton   h marks   j murray proceedings of acm  
population growth and political centralization de dumond see bronson    
swim : an ai-based system for organizational management pm berry   b drabble procs . of the 2nd nasa intl. workshop on planning and & hellip ;    
self-esteem and clarity of the self-concept jd campbell journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 
multiple { symbol differential detection scheme for differential amplitude modulation   izsâ ?? 94 ( t suzuki   t mizuno zurich   switzerland   mar    
blade runners and picasso cafã © : a case study evaluation of two work-based training programs for s currie   k foley   s schwartz   m taylor-lewis   
high wireless act c willard computerworld    
as empresas na web l erlanger pc magazine brasil    
familiarity and repetition suppression : multimodal imaging of medial temporal cortical contributions bd gonsalves   i kahn   t curranâ ? ¦   
constructive reals in coq : axioms and first order equivalence h geuvers   m niqui  2001.0 
implication-based neuro-fuzzy architectures d rutkowska   r nowicki applied mathematics and computer science   2000.0 
database replication using epidemic update j holliday   d agrawal   ae abbadi  2000.0 
two approaches to implementing generic data structures in modula-2 rs wiener   rf sincovec acm sigplan notices   1985.0 
optimal computation of total projections with unions of simple chase join expressions epf chan proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1984.0 
cryptanalysis of alleged a5 stream cipher jd golic lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
historical earthquakes in europe j kozã ¡ k   mc thompson  1991.0 
the chadronian   orellan   and whitneyan land mammal ages rj emry   pr bjork   ls russell see woodburne    
efficient optimization of simple chase join expressions p atzeni   epf chan acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 
saturnâ ?? s rings : pre-cassini status and mission goals 2002 sp . sci . rev jn cuzzi   je colwell   lw esposito   cc porco   ce  2001.0 
handbook of unusual natural phenomena   sourcebook project   glen arm wr corliss md    
goals and challenges of the darpa glomo program [ global mobile information systems ] bm leiner   rj ruther   ar sastry personal communications   ieee [ see also ieee wireless & hellip ;   1996.0 
a communication support for real-time distributed computer controlled systems   f vasques   
special issue : semantic issues in multi-database systems a segev sigmod rec    
historical vegetation change in the owens river riparian woodland ts brothers   
origins and distribution of plants domesticated in the new world tropics b pickersgill   cb heiser jr see ref    
an analysis of prices   bid/ask spreads   and bid and ask depths surrounding ivan boesky 's illegal s chakravarty   jj mcconnell   
user interface evaluation in the real world : a comparison of four techniques r jeries   jr miller   c wharton   km uyeda proceedings of acm  
will mpeg-4 fly ? y ozer pc  
semantic orthogonality of type disciplines jg riecke unpublished manuscript available from http://www . cs . bell - & hellip ;   1997.0 
second sound and the thermo-mechanical effect at very low temperatures jc ward   j wilks phil . mag    
the semantic web workshop at the 11th international www conference ( www-2002 ) m frank   n noy   w staab sigmod record    
translations from the philosophical writings of gottlob frege p geach   m black new york    
scaling up first things first : site selection and the planning year jc quint   
6.0 programmer 's guide v basic microsoft corporation    
internet sound and video j ozer pc magazine    
coordinated travel : ( t + 1 ) - round byzantine agreement in polynomial time y moses   o waarts proc . 29th annual ieee symposium on foundations of computer & hellip ;    
tjã $ nsteutveckling med inbyggd kvalitet b edvardsson hã ¶ gskolan i  
pippali ( piper longum ) s seth & hellip ; for health and beauty . bombay   india book house publishers    
hegemony   popular culture and geopolitics : the reader 's digest and the construction of danger jp sharp political geography    
to appear in eighth international workshop on topics in astroparticle and underground physics g angloher university of washington   seattle   washington   september    
procedure in taking stream bottom samples with the stream square foot bottom sampler ew surber proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of south east game & hellip ;    
learning community models f gabelnick   j macgregor   r matthews   b smith new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
building the applications portfolio : a process analysis c soh   s ang   bs neo proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1994.0 
software enhancements for a diverse family unit . curriculum concerns . ja morin social studies and the young learner   1997.0 
testing for statistical discrimination : an application to health care disparities a balsa   tg mcguire   ls meredith unpublished manuscript   2002.0 
musa . rt-music on the spiral array . real-time e chew   arj franã § ois   
dynamics of planning : strategic approaches and higher education . fe balderston new directions for higher education   1981.0 
atlas of protein sequence and structure . national biomedical research foundation   silver spring rv eck   mo dayhoff md    
telephonic intelligibility g campbell phil . mag    
a web-based financial trading system m fan   j stallaert   
discovery of influence sets in frequently updated databases i stanoi   m riedewald   d agrawal   a el abbadi proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0 
people at play in the countryside s glyptis geography    
the geopolitics of peacemaking in israel-palestine d newman political geography   2002.0 
stream : the stanford stream data manager d proposal   
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries g koch   c koch   r pichler 28th vldb conference    
the importance of declarative semantics for mls relational databases k smith   m winslett   
pa   usa   1997 p ais   
kleist 's marquise of o.   kierkegaard 's abraham   and musil 's tonka : three stages of the absurd as the wh sokel wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
web server data connections j downey pc magazine    
robustness to jitter in real-time systems n andreff  1994.0 
dynamics of chromosomes and microtubules visualized by multiple-wavelength fluorescence imaging in t haraguchi   t kaneda   y hiraoka genes to cells   1997.0 
neural competition and statistical mechanics t elliott   ci howarth   nr shadbolt proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
a generic framework for modeling resources with uml b selic   
the effects of varying infant peer experience on social behavior in the rhesus monkeys as chamove  1966.0 
a72 exercise in the verification of multi-process programs z manna   a pnueli technical report   stanford university   1989 . to appear in a book  
aggregate-query processing in data warehousing environments agvhd quass   
the ` natural ` set of basic control structures jj martin acm sigplan notices   1973.0 
report on the first international workshop on efficient web-based information systems z lacroix   o boucelma acm sigmod record   2003.0 
experimental-analytic approach to derive software performance ra ammar information and software technology   1992.0 
gender dynamics in the ultimatum game : an evolutionary psychology perspective g saad   t gill submitted for publication    
groupware and social networks : will life ever be the same again m pendergast   s hayne   
the jungian world of tennessee williams rh spero  1970.0 
temporal and spatial aspects of blowing dust in the mojave and colorado deserts of southern aj bach   aj brazel   n lancaster physical geography   1996.0 
rotorcraft fatigue and damage tolerance b dickson   b krasnowski   j roesch   d adams european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
jabutã the tortoise : a trickster tale from the amazon g mcdermott  2001.0 
explorations in the world of work c mamola social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
e-commerce strategies j emigh computerworld    
sitehelper : a localized agent that helps incremental exploration of the world wide web dsw ngu   x wu www6 / computer networks   1997.0 
ontologies and semantics for seamless connectivity m uschold   m gruninger sigmod record   2004.0 
integrated access control management k guenter & hellip ; research division   zurich research laboratroy   switzerland    
formal methods   design   and collaborative learning in the first computer science course dr troeger new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
issues in south asia : geopolitics or geoeconomics a gupta international studies-bombay then new delhi -   1997.0 
syntaktische funktionsambiguitã $ ten im deutschen å ? ein ã?berblick m bader   m meng   j bayer  1999.0 
j. platt . sequential minimal optimization : a fast algorithm for training support vector machines j platt technical report 98-14   microsoft research . http://www . research  
toward a code of conduct for undergraduate teaching jm braxton   ae bayer new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
the diffusion of nickel in the bulk and along dislocations in nio single crystals a atkinson   ri taylor phil . mag    
using a software process assessment model to examine organisational learning p halloran procs 9th australasian conf . on inf . systems    
java as a first language : an evaluation f hosch acm sigcse bulletin   1996.0 
volumetric deformable models : active blobs rt whitaker proc .  
how to implement an employment-focused approach to welfare reform a brown work first how-to guide   manpower research demonstration & hellip ;    
semantic web technologies to reconcile privacy and context awareness fl gandon   nm sadeh web semantics journal   2004.0 
world wide web search and retrieval h falk electronic library   1997.0 
history of the rochester epidemiology project lj melton mayo clinic proceedings   1996.0 
document classification and interpretation through the inference of logic-based models g semeraro   s ferilli   n fanizzi   f esposito lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
wimp interface for unix . he bez information and software technology   1988.0 
1992   ontolingua : a mechanism to support portable ontologies t gruber technical report ksl 91-66   stanford university knowledge  
sql/mm saf-005 : information technology-database languages-sql multimedia and application packages - p cotton  1999.0 
support vector clustering ab hur   d horn   ht siegelmann   v vapnik journal of machine learning research    
re-tree : an efficient index structure for regular expressions cy chan   m garofalakis   r rastogi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
reinforcement learning control of unknown dynamic systems qh wu   ac pugh & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1993.0 
powell family database   ( posted at http://www . geocities . com/heartland/ranch / 3605/powell/family . htm dl minter  1750.0 
land administration in kosovo-practice in cooperation and coordination   fig and un/ece b andersson   m meha wpla   athens greece    
homogeneous nucleation theory ff abraham academic   new york    
incremental maintenance of aggregate and outerjoin h gupta   is mumick technical report   stanford university    
an emergency nurse 's pain management initiative : mercy hospital 's experience p spurlock journal of emergency nursing   1999.0 
deferred maintenance . hh kaiser new directions for higher education   1980.0 
analysis of dynamic hashing with deferred splitting e veklerov acm transactions on database systems   1985.0 
biol . 1995   252   248â ?? 262 ; c ) gr desiraju zs derewenda   l lee   u derewenda   j mol acc . chem . res    
processing temporal queries in the context of object-oriented databases l wang   m wing   c davis   n revell information and software technology   1999.0 
promis 1.6 userâ ?? s guide g hobler   p pichler   k wimmer technical university  
context sensitive document analysis in the www environment n milic-frayling   r sommerer   r ms microsoft technical report : msr-tr-2001-63   june 2001   http : / /  
language from within : a handbook of teaching strategies for personal growth and self reflection in b galyean  1976.0 
the affective consequences of social comparison : either direction has its ups and downs bp buunk   rl collins   se taylor   nw vanyperen   ga journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 
international forum on coating science and technology w limin   c xichong athens   greece    
career forum a labrinidis acm sigmod record   2001.0 
biological control agents of russian wheat aphid in syria and turkey ks pike   lk tanigoshi   rh miller   s kornosor proceedings 6 th rwa workshop   january 23 â ?? 25 1994   fort & hellip ;    
xxl-a library approach to supporting efficient implementations of advanced database queries j van den bercken   b blohsfeld   jp dittrich   j proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0 
making sense and making use of feedback from focus groups r tiberius new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
an evaluation system for application specific architectures a de gloria   p faraboschi   
synthesizing database transactions x qian vldb   1990.0 
workshop report : the first international workshop on active and real-time database systems ( artdb-95 m berndtsson   j hansson sigmod record   1996.0 
the problem of liberalism and the good . hs richardson see  
dampening status influence using a group support system : an empirical study bcy tan   kk wei   rt watson proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1993.0 
no silver bullet virtualschool.edu   
tropical corn plant population/nitrogen fertilizer . p. 17-18 gm prine & hellip ; lands agricultural research/demonstration project first year & hellip ;    
career academies : impacts on students ' engagement and performance in high school . jj kemple   jc snipes  2000.0 
xxl-a library approach to supporting e cient implementations of advanced database queries j van den bercken   b blohsfeld   jp dittrich   j proc . of the vldb   seiten    
â ?? note on x-rays and scattered x-rays cg barkla phil . mag    
homoeopathic oscillococcinum for preventing and treating influenza and influenza-like syndromes aj vickers   c smith cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
components of a network operating system je donnelley computer networks   1979.0 
report on the 3rd web dynamics workshop   at wwwâ ?? 2004 m levene   a poulovassilis sigmod record   2004.0 
impact of pretransplant hepatitis c antibody status upon long-term patient and renal allograft c ynares   hk johnson   t kerlin   d crowe transplantation proceedings   1993.0 
research issues in metamodeling rg sargent proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter simulation   1991.0 
ccured in the real world j condit   m harren   s mcpeak   gc necula   w weimer   
the people 's wireless web b machrone pc magazine    
documentary television programs c titles soc .  
figure -- ground discrimination from temporal information m fahle proceedings : biological sciences   1993.0 
senseye : a multi-tier camera sensor network p kulkarni   d ganesan   p shenoy   q lu proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
making fast strategic decisions in high-velocity environments km eisenhardt the academy of management journal   1989.0 
wireless transmission and mobile technologies r clarke   
studies of individualism-collectivism : effects on cooperation in groups ja wagner academy of management journal   1995.0 
interventions for preventing obesity in children cd summerbell   v ashton   kj campbell   l edmunds   s cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
aerodynamic perturbations on the frigate la fayette deck effects on the helicopter flight dynamics a taghizad   a desopper   c verbeke european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
mondrian : a teachable editor h lieberman watch what i do : programming by demonstration   the mit press & hellip ;    
sql multimedia application packages ( sql/mm ) - part 2 : full-text pcisoaw draft iso/iec sc21/wg3  
gazetteer of the bombay presidency . thana   volume xiii   part ii jm campbell  1882.0 
the racism and life experience scales sp harrell unpublished manuscript    
genetic analysis of sym genes and other nodule-related genes in pisum sativum nf weeden   be kneen   ta larue see ref    
editor 's notes r diem social studies and the young learner    
gender swapping on the internet a bruckman proceedings of inet   1993.0 
learn-ing community foundations . f gabelnick   j macgregor   rs matthews   bl smith new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
foundations of a logical approach to agent programming y lesperance   hj levesque   f lin   d marcu   r lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
e-commerce applications of smart cards dm ` rahi   m yung computer networks   2001.0 
using uml models for the performance analysis of network systems n de wet   p kritzinger computer networks   2005.0 
probabilistic message passing in peer data management systems p cudre-mauroux   k aberer   a feher   
generation and recognition of formal languages by modifiable grammars b burshteyn acm sigplan notices   1990.0 
dynamics and patterns of deforestation in the western amazon : the napo deforestation front   1986â ?? r sierra applied geography   2000.0 
the achievement motive in women : implications for career development r baruch journal of personality and social psychology   1967.0 
â ?? institution building process in bangladesh . d choudhury   am hasanuzzaman   g hossain bangladesh at    
natural hazard in human ecological perspective : hypotheses and models rw kates economic geography   1971.0 
modular synchronization in multiversion databases d agrawal   s sengupta proceedings of sigmod    
suicidal behaviors questionnaire mm linehan & hellip ; inventory   university of washington   seattle   washington   1981.0 
prior knowledge and preferential structures in gradient descent learning algorithms re mahony   rc williamson journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
lawrenece page . the anatomy of a lorge-scale hypertextual web search engine [ c ] s brin the seventh international world wide web conference    
adaptive-level memory caches on world wide web servers c da-wei   k hao-ren   c rui-chuan computer networks    
conference overview : first national conference on software engineering p hsia ieee computer    
fast multislice b 1-mapping s topp   e adalsteinsson   dm spielman proc int soc magn reson med    
good advice cheap ae alter   r saia computerworld    
transformative learning : theory to practice j mezirow new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
microsoft word version 2002 step-by-step i perspection  2001.0 
education : the fuel for tech 's golden age j costello electronic business   2000.0 
large elapids and arboreality : the ecology of jameson 's green mamba ( dendroaspis jamesoni ) in an l luiselli   fm angelici   gc akani contributions to zoology   2000.0 
â ?? parlog : a tutorial introduction . d gilbert   
silver acetate for smoking cessation t lancaster   lf stead cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
problems in the analysis of non-linear models by least squares da meeter  1964.0 
chi '90 workshop on multimedia and multimodal interface design mm blattner   rb dannenberg acm sigchi bulletin   1990.0 
linux os competitive analysis v valloppillil   j cohen   
coesite and pure pyrope in high-grade blueschists of the western alps : a first record and some c chopin contributions to mineralogy and petrology   1984.0 
research in knowledge representation for natural language understanding-annual report   1 september cl sidner   m bates   r bobrow   b goodman   a haas   r  1983.0 
auditory-visual interaction in virtual room acoustics d vã $ stfjã $ ll   p larsson   c olsson   m kleiner   bi submitted for publication    
excitatory amino acid antagonists for acute stroke kw muir   kr lees cochrane database syst . rev   2003.0 
the use of cluster analysis in physical design ja hoffer   dg serverance proc . first international conference on very large data & hellip ;    
pink 's model and lipid membranes k kubica cellular and molecular biology letters   1997.0 
translinear circuits-25 years on . pt . 1 : the foundations b gilbert electronic engineering   1993.0 
cooperation for cost-effectiveness in purchasing m dorger new directions for higher education   1999.0 
ima : technical foundations   application and performance analysis m postigo-boix   j garcia-haro   m aguilar-igartua computer networks   2001.0 
an overview of a few well-known national children 's gun safety programs and ena 's newly developed pk howard journal of emergency nursing   2001.0 
japan 's newest dam . i brightmer geography   1991.0 
understanding geographic space without the use of vision ( nsf final report sbr95-14907 ) rg golledge   m blades   r kitchin   d jacobson & hellip ; ofgeography   university of california santa barbara    
personas   participatory design and product development : an infrastructure for engagement j grudin   j pruitt   
reconstructing an urban and regional political economy : on the state   politics   scale   and g macleod   m goodwin political geography   1999.0 
supra note 31   at 135 ( citing tinga v. shekeda   1970 aac30 ) . however   pursuant to the maintenance s ncube   
exactly solved models in statistical mechanics academic press rj baxter san diego    
web-based consumer decision tools : motivations and constraints k mathieson electronic markets   1999.0 
widom . resourcesharingincontinuoussliding-windowaggregates a arasuandj technical report 2004-15   stanford university    
the oberon system : user guide and programmer 's manual m reiser  1991.0 
maggard clan connection   ( posted at www . gencircles . com )   '' ro ` hagan   
lo   and tomaso poggio . information dissemination and aggregation in asset markets with simple n chan   b lebaron   w andrew technical report cbcl no. 164   massachusetts institute of  
compounds and complex predicates : evidence from japanese for a â ?? globalâ ?? parameter n miyoshi proceedings of the 23rd boston university conference on & hellip ;    
cond-mat/0306374 a pluchino   v latora   a rapisarda submitted for  
cooperation and alliances : higher education and the use of television lg dotolo new directions for higher education   2002.0 
a test of the social support deterioration model in the context of natural disaster k kaniasty   fh norris journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
parental investment and the control of sexual selection : predicting the direction of sexual ga parker   lw simmons proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
coming to america will docomo 's i-mode   wildly successful in japan   translate to the us market ? d normile electronic business   2001.0 
a model-based approach to updating databases with incomplete information m winslett acm transactions on database systems   1988.0 
acute quetiapine poisoning-a review of the available clinical experience fm hustey journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
if you build it   will they come ? a statewide two-way interactive network for distance education gs miller   ww miller & hellip ;   la   agriculture student achievement . proceedings of the 25 & hellip ;    
the natural and migrational components of population changes in england and wales   1921-1931 jw webb economic geography   1963.0 
tutorial : an introduction to interdomain routing and bgp tg griffin proc . acm sigcomm    
shady practice : gender and the political ecology of resource stabilization in gambian garden / ra schroeder economic geography   1993.0 
the relationship of disciplinary differences and the value of class preparation time to student j franklin   m theall new directions for teaching and learning   1995.0 
constructive conflict in academic bargaining . r birnbaum new directions for higher education   1980.0 
internet hiccup ks nash   b wallace computerworld    
handling load with less stress n bansal   d gamarnik submitted for publication   2005.0 
owl optical design   active optics and error budget p dierickx   b delabre   l noethe proc .  
a semantics of objects in type theory jj hickey unpublished manuscript   1997.0 
a tutorial introduction to computational biochemistry using darwin g gonnet   
support vector clustering bh asa   d horn   th siegelmann   v vapnik journal of machine learning research    
environment and development ( 1995 ) i peoples international conference   may 1995   zurich    
how useâ ?? oriented development can take place y dittrich   o lindeberg information and software  
an empirical study of machine learning algorithms applied to modeling player behavior in a â ?? first b geisler  2002.0 
relational reinforcement learning s då 3/4 eroski   l de raedt   k driessens machine learning   2001.0 
special issue on peer to peer data management k aberer acm sigmod record    
natural amphiphilic phenols as bioactive compounds a kozubek   m stasiuk   j gubernator   
g-presentations of coxeter groups with three generators h perez-roses procs . first int . conf . maths . comp . sc.   mexico    
resource scheduling-comparing simulated annealing with constraint propagation ib crabtree bt technology  
efficient view maintenance warehouses d agrawal   a el abbadi   a singh   t yurek proc . of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
the effects of head start and socioeconomic status on cognitive development of disadvantaged bs barnow  1973.0 
some concepts in reaction dynamics jc polanyi acc . chem . res   1972.0 
gmser a.   and yost   r. a history of system r and sql/data system d chamberl proceedings 7th international conference on very large data  
is cobol dead j cunningham   
workforce scheduling with constraint logic programming n azarmi   w abdul-hameed bt technology journal   1995.0 
academic freedom and regional accreditation : guarantors of quality in the academy se elman new directions for higher education   1994.0 
editor 's notes wmk trochim new directions for program evaluation    
the lateral diffusion of a stream of ions in a gas lgh huxley phil . mag    
geographic themes and social mathematics through the power of children 's literature . children 's rh lombard   ma capanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
helicopter encounters with aircraft vortex wakes gd padfield   gp turner european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
url http://www . microsoft . com/speech/download / sdk51 / sdk speech microsoft   accessed    
flooracquisition multiple access forpacket-radio networks c fullmer   jj garcia-luna-aceves proc . acm  
a software design method for real-time systems h gomma commun . acm    
robust learning with missing data m ramoni   p sebastiani machine learning   2001.0 
no longer europe 's best kept secret : the algarve 's tourist boom jr lewis   am williams geography    
tutorial on object-oriented databases ms jackson information and software technology   1991.0 
chip : coping health inventory for parents ma mccubbin family assessment inventories for research and practice   1987.0 
the bub-tree r fenk proceedings of 28rd vldb international conference on very & hellip ;   2002.0 
temperature field in deformed fast-reactor fuel assemblies od kazachkovskii   av zhukov   ap sorokinâ ? ¦ at .  
cr acad . sci . 46   1157 ( 1858 ) : as couper phil . mag    
lack of it integration hurts chem/bio warfare defenses d verton computerworld    
the interpolation problem for cardinal splines oi kounchev   h render   
the design process utilized to restore diked salt hay farms to natural marshes l weishar   j balletto proceedings of the 23rd annual conference on ecosystems & hellip ;    
collaborative concept mapping on the world wide web g regev   x gilbert   a wegmann   
leonardo da vinci -- anatomical drawings . l pegus j audiov media med   1978.0 
international labor standards once again ! tn srinivasan & hellip ; labor   bureau of international labor affairs   international & hellip ;    
the problem of the whispering gallery l rayleigh phil . mag    
microwave antenna theory and design s silver   
accessible access 2000 m whitehorn   b marklyn  2000.0 
natural disasters : recent trends and future prospects m degg geography    
extensions ( fpce ) technical report c floating-point   
database systems : road kill on the information superhighway ? dj de witt proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
opening doors : expanding educational opportunities for low-wage workers s golanka   l matus-grossman  2001.0 
official microsoft ( c ) netmeeting ( tm ) book r summers  1998.0 
chemokines bj rollins blood-new york -   1997.0 
real-time applications on the internet s rudkin   a grace   mw whybray bt technology journal   1997.0 
analysis and design of web-based information systems k takahashi   e liang www6 / computer networks   1997.0 
the first text retrieval conference ( trec-1 )   gaithersburg d harman md    
advanced os/2 programming r duncan  1989.0 
cross sections for ( n   p ) and ( n   î ± ) reactions on chromium   iron   copper   and molybdenum nuclei at oiaiv kazachevskii   vn levkovskii   vl poznyak   vf at . energ    
operational petri net semantics for ccsp er olderog lecture notes in computer science   1987.0 
philosophical foundations of physics r carnap new york    
progress on hpcc and nii m winslett   
e-mail from don mooty   2002   ( 2002 )   '' d mooty   
relabeling internal and external validity for applied social scientists dt campbell new directions for program evaluation   1986.0 
the national dialogue on academic and student affairs collaboration dm bourassa   k kruger new directions for higher education   2001.0 
successful down-regulation of natural and xenoreactive antibodies in pig-to-baboon t morschheuser   g steinhoff   l indzhiia   a heiser   transplantation proceedings   1997.0 
autonomous acquisition of fuzzy rules for mobile robot control : first results from two evolutionary ag pipe   b carse procs . of genetic & evolutionary comp . gecco 2000    
others   1995 . oregon caves national monument 1995 visitor survey . national park service d rolloff pacific northwest region   seattle    
efficient view maintenanceat data warehouse d agrawal   a el abbadi   a singh   t yurek proceedings of the acm sigmod conference    
first looks   voice recognition : ibmâ ?? s dictation system is quite a talk show r malloy pc magazine    
new directions in management information transfer . rn farmer  1968.0 
empirical status of cognitive behavioral therapy for obsessive compulsive disorder : a meta-analytic js abramowitz   me franklin   eb foa unpublished manuscript    
first looks : delphi combines visual programming and local code compiler n rubenking pc magazine   no    
summary of the final report of the nsf workshop on scientific database management jc french   ak jones   jl pfaltz sigmod record    
c. mead . computing motion using analog and binary resistive networks j hutchison   c koch   i luo ieee computer    
deriving structural hylomorphisms from recursive definitions z hu   h iwasaki   m takeichi proceedings of the first acm sigplan international & hellip ;   1996.0 
