the zero multiplicity of linear recurrence sequences to wm schmidt   
f. diene aw ndiaye y. hachage linã © aire scalable et distribuã © lh * lh sous windows nt res . rep. ceria u. paris f bennour   
flight to objectivity : essays on cartesianism and culture s bordo   
preferential treatment for short flows to reduce web latency x chen j heidemann computer networks 2003.0 
comparison of systems with complex behavior i mezic a banaszuk   
passive dynamic running experimental robotics i mh raibert cm thompson   
distributed restoration in telecommunications networks bt technology journal 1994.0 d johnsonâ ? ¦   
the stimulation of reproduction in coelenterates by low levels of toxic stress . ard stebbing  unep athens ( greece ) . 1991. 1991.0 
classroom behaviors related to college teaching effectiveness h murray new directions for teaching and learning : using research to & hellip ;  
law theory and geography n blomley g clark  urban geography  
influence of gaps and neighbouring plants on seedling establishment in limestone grassland p ryser experimental field studies in northern switzerland . zurich . & hellip ;  
measurement of low-level strain birefringence in optical elements using a photoelastic modulator 1996.0 tc oakberg proc . spie  
update semantics of relational views 1981.0 f bancilhon n spyratos acm transactions on database systems  
the total meridional heat flux and its oceanic and atmospheric partition c wunsch 2005.0  submitted for publication  
ap & ss a bridzius v vansevicius 2001.0    
algorithm 63 : partition car hoare 1961.0  communications of the acm  
leadership and the research university . ss lipschutz  new directions for higher education 1985.0 
a financial incentive to encourage employment among repeat users of employment insurance : the d tattrie   
viral radio 2004.0 a lippman dp reed bt technology journal  
groundwater fauna of the south platte river system colorado see ref jv ward nj voelz   
the effects of latency and occupancy on the performance of dsm multiprocessors c holt m heinrich jp singh jl hennessy technical report csl-tr-95-xxx stanford university  
anderson pw and palmer rg 1977 dj thouless phil .    
regional body-wave corrections and surface-wave tomography models to improve discrimination w walter m pasyanos a rodgers k mayeda a   
30 . pp edwards and mj sienko l francis acc . chem . res  
arvind . id nouveau . csg memo 265 rs nikhil k pingali 1986.0    
risk and protective factors among youth offenders 2001.0 mb carr ta vandiver adolescence-san diego -  
transition to a unified system : using perl to drive library databases and enhance web site jc fagan electronic library 2001.0 
inside visual c++ 6.0 ( mit cd ) d kruglinski g sheperd s wingo    
a survey of protein variation in populations of the pacific oyster crassostrea gigas 92 pp . m. sci ne buroker thesis university of washington seattle washington 1975  
a language based multidatabase system proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 e kã 1/4 hn t tschernko k schwarz   
studies on primary hyperoxaluria ew frederick mt rabkin rh richie lh smith vivo demonstration of a defect in glyoxylate metabolism . n & hellip ;    
creating an interactive immersive decision environment : linking modelling to visualisation i bishop  proceedings of the 23rd annual international conference of & hellip ;  
the transmeta code morphing software : using speculation recovery and adaptive retranslation to jc dehnert bk grant jp banning r johnson t   
some complexity questions related to distributed computations a yao proc . 11th acm  
reference reconciliation in complex information spaces x dong a halevy j madhavan   
surgical interruption of pelvic nerve pathways for primary and secondary dysmenorrhoea cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 ml proctor cm farquhar oj sinclair np johnson   
the perceived fairness of selection systems : an organizational justice perspective sw gilliland the academy of management review 1993.0 
fast evolutionary strategies x yao y liu pj angeline e d. proceedings of the sixth annual conference & hellip ; 1997.0    
lh * : linear hashing for distributed les w litwin ma neimat d schneider & hellip ; sigmod international conference on management of data may  
dynamic queries : database searching by direct manipulation b shneiderman c williamson c ahlberg   
â ?? equations with two distinct masses hj bhabha phil . mag    
independent components analysis and computational harmonic analysis dl donoho 1998.0    
reading street names from maps-technical challenges g nagy a samal s seth t fisher e guthmann k procs . gis/lis conference cincinnati oh    
a study of transitive closure as a recursive mechanism hv jagadish r agrawal l ness proceedings of acm-sigmod 1987 annual conference on    
co-operating mobile agents for distributed parallel processing rg hercock jc collis dt ndumu agents . washington . seattle  
determination of the content of uranium isotopes and isotopes of transuranium elements in spent fuel v ya aaz gabeskiriya vv mikulenokâ ? ¦ at .  
the potential for open source software in telecommunications operational support systems gl bruce jp wittgreffe jmm potter p robson 2005.0  bt technology journal  
the rufus system : information organizationforsemi-structured data '' proceedings of the 19th vldb conference ireland k shoens a luniewski p schwarz j stamos j   
mmdb reloading algorithms l gruenwald mh eich proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . management of data    
designing an efficient and scalable server-side asynchrony model for corba d brunsch dc schmidt    
semantic and schematic similarities between database objects : a context-based approach the vldb journal v kashayp a sheth   
progression of coronary artery calcification : a pilot study 1999.0 je maher lf bielak ja raz pf sheedy rs mayo clinic proceedings  
groupware : letâ ?? s work together l lindop t relph-knight k taylor a eager g  pc magazine august  
riverine acoustic sensors system ( rass ) demonstration rl smith tj walter mti 93tr38 report for nswc demonstration september  
high-end computing on shv workstations connected with high performance network lp huse h bugge   
closure of the nuclear fuel cycle : valence of actinides and safety vm poplavskii vi matveev ns rabotnov at .    
interactive voice facsimile and touchtone dialogues bt technology journal 1994.0 ba cross   
data reliability ( error detection codes for digital transmission ) sg powers  & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
utility of co-operating web proxy caches www7 / computer networks 1998.0 p krishnan b sugla   
368 pp . $ 34.95 r press 2004.0    
donâ ?? t be lazy be consistent b kemme g alonso   2000.0 
implementation of an outdoor far-field measurement system at irctr proc . 28th european microwave conf p aubry p hakkaart jh zijderveld lp ligthart   
protecting the self from the negative consequences of risky decisions 1992.0 ra josephs rp larrick cm steele re nisbett journal of personality and social psychology  
assessing prepulse inhibition of startle in wild-type and knockout mice ma geyer  psychopharmacology 1999.0 
identification of the immunodominant hla-a * 02.01 restricted ctl responses in hiv infection : strong c brander ke hartman ak trocha nd jones s he   1996.0 
arbitrary rectilinear block packing based on sequence pair mz kang wwm dai proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
succinct descriptions of regular languages with binaryâ ?? - nfas l van zijl   
infoharness : a system for search and retrieval of heterogeneous information sigmod conference l shklar a sheth v kashyap s thatte  1995.0 
unitary orbital conception of elementary particles and their interactions g sardin    
strrversion2 . 0 [ computerprogrammanual ] s fowler r andingham & hellip ; manuscript university of california santa barbara    
elevated interferon-gamma mrna levels and inflammatory bowel disease in the ceca of helicobacter rs livingston lk riley cl besch-williford rr    
semantic cache mechanism for heterogeneous web querying b chidlovskii c roncancio ml schneider www8 / computer networks 1999.0 
planning in the urban university . rw roskens h garfinkel new directions for higher education   1977.0 
aromatherapy and massage for symptom relief in patients with cancer cochrane database syst rev d fellowes k barnes s wilkinson  2004.0 
melã © ti pã ¡ no sti zoogeografãa ke ikologãa ton chersã © on malakãon ton kiklã ¡ don ma mylonas  1982.0 
civil military interaction in asia and africa . 1991 ch kennedy dj louscher   
moral social and civic issues in the classroom . children 's literature . b mitchell-powellâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1996.0    
insult aggression and the southern culture of honor : an â ?? experimental ethnography.â ?? 1996.0 d cohen re nisbett bf bowdle n schwarz journal of personality and social psychology  
hiv/aids community-based research new directions for adult and continuing education t trussler r marchand  2005.0 
theoretical and experimental research on multi-beam klystron d yaogen p jun z yunshu s shaoming  aip conference proceedings 1999.0 
l torczon colc } ring heuristics for register allocation p briggs kd cooper k kennedy proc . acm  
family life in the digital homeâ ?? domestic telecommunications at the end of the 20th century bt technology journal b anderson a mcwilliam h lacohee e clucas j  1999.0 
flexibilization of the methodology of system development d rijsenbrij information and software technology 1995.0 
web database tools sw plainâ ? ¦ pc magazine september  
et30 '' bf4e j christ y corlach w von der saal t lett acc . chem .  
biased procurement l rezende to    
improved roi and within frame discriminant features for lipreading g potamianos c neti   
graphical user interfaces for the management of scientific experiments and data acm-sigmod record 1992.0 y ioannidis m livny e haber   
etal. â ?? an architecture for a relational dataflow machine â ?? l bit proc . sigmod symp . on small systems  
the proteolytic enzymes of escherichia coli and their subcellular localization khs swamy al goldberg  1980.0 
the impact of interprocedural analysis and optimization on the design of a software development acm sigplan kd cooper k kennedy l torczon   
replicated data and partition failures acm press frontier series sb davidson  1990.0 
studies of voids in neutron-irradiated aluminum single crystals . pt . 1 . small-angle x-ray scattering phil . mag. je epperson rw hendricks k farrell  1974.0 
the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications acm int e rundensteiner h kuno y ra v crestana-taube m  conf . on management of data ( sigmodâ ?? 96 )  
on the parametrisation of functional projections in cp . a. schafer proceedings of the 23rd meeting of the north eastern & hellip ; e hoekstra   
concise descriptions of subsets of structured sets k pu ao mendelzon acm transactions on database systems 2005.0    
evolution of networks and the diffusion of new technology gt mitchell   
the effect of neutron irradiation on the elastic moduli of graphite single crystals c baker a kelly phil . mag    
a rural community hospital 's experience with family-witnessed resuscitation ma belanger s reed journal of emergency nursing 1997.0    
the evolution of drainage density on the wheeler ridge an active fault-bend-fold anticline southern w dinklage paper university of california santa barbara    
lh * - a scalable distributed data store w litwin ma neimat da schneider acm transactions on database systems ( tods )    
proxy servers.â ?? c catalano computerworld    
acute pancreatitis secondary to ifosfamide r gerson a serrano a villalobos gl sternbach j journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
blessing in an intimate note to the sincere seekers ss ravi-shankar  1999.0 
report on the object-oriented database workshop held in conjuction with oopsla '88 sigmod record j joseph s thatte cw thompson dl wells   
lausen . f-logic : ahigherorderlanguage forreasoningabout objects inheritance and scheme acm sigmod international conf . on management of data m kiferandg   
using schema matching to simplify heterogenous data translations t milo s zohar proc . of international conference on very large data bases (    
semantic caching of web queries b chidlovskii um borghoff  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
far-field optical microscopy of single metal nanoparticles . ma van dijk m lippitz m orrit acc . chem . res 2005.0    
the semantic integration workshop at iswc 2003 a doan a halevy n noy sigmod record   2004.0 
a conceptual model of wayfinding using multiple levels of abstraction s timpf gs volta dw pollock mj egenhofer lecture notes in computer science   1992.0 
s. dar and hv jagadish.â ?? direct transitive closure algorithms : design and performance evaluation acm trans . database syst . . to appear . ( preliminary version ur agrawal   
three-year impacts of connecticutâ ?? s jobs first welfare reform initiative r hendra c michalopoulos d bloom   
xmdvtool : visual interactive data exploration and trend discovery of high-dimensional data sets sigmod conference 2002.0 ea rundensteiner mo ward j yang pr doshi   
assessing general education : trenton state college . w curry e hager  new directions for higher education 1987.0 
scene organization using discriminant structural templates a torralba a oliva proc . int &#39; l conf . computer vision    
disciplinary differences in students ' perceptions of success : modifying misperceptions with new directions for teaching and learning vm menec rp perry  1995.0 
key-schedule cryptanalysis of idea g-des gost safer and triple-des j kelsey b schneier d wagner 1996.0  lecture notes in computer science  
olap data warehousing and materialized views : a survey aa vaisman    
a general method for scaling up machine learning algorithms and its application to clustering p domingos g hulten   
production of titanium alloy powders 1980.0 r seshadri r sundaresan ac raghuram powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ;  
why do citizens want to keep refugees out ? threats fairness and hostile norms in the treatment of wr louis j duck dj terry r schuller r lalonde unpublished manuscript  
the size of minimum 3-trees : cases 0 and 1 mod 12 jl arocha j tey    
stacking-fault energy of ni -- co-cr alloys phil . mag eh koster ar tholen a howie   
technology energy and the environment gt mitchell 2000.0    
programmable arrays mix fpga and asic blocks d bursky electronic  
dbswitchâ ? cents â ?? towards a database utility s dar g hecht e shochat  proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
responses of ia and spindle group ii afferents to single muscle unit contractions proc . int . union physiol . sci md binder dg stuart   
fast time sequence indexing for arbitrary $ \ \ big . l_p \ \ bigr . $ norms proc . 26st vldb conf bk yi c faloutsos   
holosteans and teleosts j meek r nieuwenhuys 1998.0  the central nervous system of vertebrates  
an experimental system for distributed classroom education computer networks 2000.0 p oerbaek   
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation for knee osteoarthritis m osiri v welch l brosseau b shea j mcgowan p 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev  
a multidatabase transaction model for interbase ak elmagarmid y leu w litwin 1990.0  vldb  
a multi-group technique for data compression ka hazboun ma bassiouni proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
rapid versus slow rate of advancement of feedings for promoting growth and preventing necrotizing ka kennedy je tyson s chamnanvanakij 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev  
n at natural abundance levels in terrestrial vascular plants : a prã © cis ll handley cm scrimgeour ja raven see griffiths  
spontaneous pneumomediastinum secondary to hyperemesis gravidarum js gorbach fl counselman mh mendelson 1997.0  journal of emergency medicine  
transitive closure algorithm disk tc and its performance analysis v hirvisalo e nuutila e soisalon-soininen   
pad + + : advances in multiscale interfaces 1994.0 bb bederson l stead jd hollan proceedings of acm sigchi conference  
a protein taxonomy based on secondary structure t przytycka r aurora gd rose 1999.0  nature structural biology  
rat brain ca ^ 2 ^ + - atpase is a substrate for protein phosphatases pp1 and pp2a cellular and molecular biology letters l zylinska e gromadzinska l lachowicz  1999.0 
vibrational spectra and topological structure of tetrahedrally bonded amorphous semiconductors pe meek  phil . mag  
anti-rana antibody : a marker for seronegative and seropositive rheumatoid arthritis kc ng ka brown jd perry ej holborow lancet i 1980.0    
fatal pancreatitis as a complication of therapy for hiv infection mt pelucio t rothenhaus m smith dj ward journal of emergency medicine 1995.0    
10.0 ou 11.0 student version version ã © tudiante s logiciel   
improving tcp performance over mobile ad-hoc networks with out-of-order detection and response f wang y zhang    
kernel extrapolation 2005 s vishwanathan o guttman km borgwardt a smola unpublished  
type classification of semi-structured documents m tresch n palmer a luniewski  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
physical model study on two-phase cascade flow . rm boes   
clinical efficacy and cost effectiveness of a new synthetic polymer sheet wound dressing g motta l dunham t dye j mentz eo ` connell -    
new urbanism and the culture of criticism 2000.0 e talen urban geography  
experimental evidence on the endogenous entry of bidders in internet auctions 1999.0 d lucking-reiley unpublished manuscript  
common objectservices specification chapter 6 : persistent object service specification i objectivity i ontos   
und lin k.-i . ( 1995 ) . fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of c faloutsos proceedings of the 1995 int . acm/sigmod conf . on management  
quantum scattering for homogeneous of degree zero potentials : absence of channels at local maxima i herbst e skibsted  unpublished  
postpubertal emergence of hyperresponsiveness to stress and to amphetamine after neonatal neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 bk lipska ge jaskiw dr weinberger   
lh * rs : a high-availability scalable distributed data structure using reed solomon codes w litwin t schwarz acm sigmod record 2000.0 
and d. cutting . 1994 . recognizing text genres with simple metrics using discriminant analysis j karlgren procs .  
applications of probabilistic-deterministic modelling to problems of mass transfer in groundwater procs int symp.â ?? theoretical and applied hydrologyâ ?? fort & hellip ; fw schwarz   
talk the royal institution of great britain london phil . mag jj thomson   
proposing an information flow analysis model to measure memory load for software development information & software technology tc du cj lin cg liu  2000.0 
blunted erectile response to hypothalamic stimulation in diabetes : a role for central nitric oxide as vollmer wg mayhan kp patel   
strategies for the study of family therapy research see wynne wm pinsof   
the retinotopic organization of the visual cortex in the cat see . neurosc rj tusa la palmer ac rosenquist   
psychosocial factors affecting dissertation completion ke green new directions for higher education 1997.0    
not e. : generating multilingual personalized descriptions of museum exhibitsâ ?? the m-piro project i androutsopoulos v kokkinaki a dimitromanolaki proc . 29th conference on computer applications and & hellip ;  
the heterogeneous multiscale methods for a class of stiff odes b engquist r tsai    
image algebra with applications unpublished manuscript gx ritter   
granite lodge no . ontario : grantham ja : so grange   
mobile agent based service subscription and customization using the umts virtual home environment l hagen j mauersberger c weckerle computer networks 1999.0 
asusatl : the development of a low-cost satellite a friedman s ferring c lenz h reed b underbill  proceedings of the 16 lh space symposiuman d amsat-na annual  
evaluation of operator interventions in autonomous off-road driving j scholtz b antonishek j young    
navigation in liver surgeryâ ?? results of a requirement analysis p hassenpflug m vetter c cã ¡ rdenas m thorn hp    
rhinocerebral mucormycosis : a case of a rare but deadly disease-therapy with amphotericin b lipid rg hendrickson j olshaker o duckett journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
impredicative overloading in explicit mathematics t studer   
optical communications 1976.0 rm gagliardi s karp   
multiresolution mesh morphing awf lee d dobkin w sweldens p schroder   
the technology of error-correcting codes er berlekamp ieee proceedings   1980.0 
testing the distribution of nonstationary mri data sj kisner tm talavage    
ultrastructural cytochemical properties of elastinassociated microfibrils and their relation to t baba m takagi a kagami h hishikawa y 1988.0  the histochemical journal  
guest editors ' introduction : special section on mining and searching the web 2004.0 b liu s chakrabarti ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering  
strukturnaya khimiya fakty i ss batsanov   
cutaneous mechanoreceptors and nociceptors pr burgess er perl handbook of sensory physiology 1973.0 
maa and de culler . parallelism in dataflow programs . computation structures group memo 279 gk arvind   1987.0 
semantic brokering over dynamic heterogeneous data sources in infosleuth m nodine w bohrer ahh ngu   
erp system migrations communications-acm m kremers h van dissel  2000.0 
creep behaviour in the superplastic pb-62 sn eutectic fa mohamed tg langdon  phil . mag  
theorem proving via general mappings 1981.0 pb andrews journal of the acm ( jacm )  
family intervention for schizophrenia fm pharoah jj mari d streiner  cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
koda - the architecture and interface of a data model independent kernel g arun a joshi proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
determination of a color index for citrus degreening m jimenez-cuesta j cuquerella jm martãnez - proc . int . soc . citriculture  
phylip version 3.5 c j delsenstein university of washington seattle washington    
school violence and teachersâ ?? perception of the zero tolerance policy dr konter   2002.0 
performance of a software mpeg video decoder la rowe k patel bc smith    
herbal medicine in the emergency department : a primer for toxicities and treatment tm moss journal of emergency nursing 1998.0    
development and learning : themes and conclusions new directions for adult and continuing education rs caffarella mc clark  1999.0 
academic press j cavanagh wj fairbrother ag palmer nj skelton inc. san diego  
a hybrid model for specifying features and detecting interactions computer networks s siddiqi jm atlee  2000.0 
the care of psychiatric patients in the emergency department journal of emergency nursing jl curry  1993.0 
surgical management of colorectal cancer i kanellos e zacharakis h demetriades d betsis medimond int proc  
private correspondence : the performance properties of modern disk drives ibm almaden research center j palmer   
theoretical and practical tools for data base design jl hainaut vldb 1981.0    
a mobile computer interface for heterogeneous databases r alonso em haber hf korth  research issues in data engineering 1993 : interoperability & hellip ; 1993.0 
a decade of internet researchâ ?? advances in models and practices c di cairano-gilfedder r clegg bt technology journal   2005.0 
the onset of turbulence in a shear flow over a flat plate . dc banks  demonstration ] siggraph &#39; 94 vroom exhibit . in visual  
composing user interfaces with interviews a mark ieee computer  
semantic similarities between objects in multiple databases v kashyap a sheth    
threshold ring signatures and applications to ad-hoc groups e bresson j stern m szydlo lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
physical and chemical investigations in bering sea and portions of the north pacific ocean ca barnes tg thompson   1938.0 
robby hongjun zheng and willem visser . tool-supported program abstraction for finite-state mb dwyer j hatcliff r joehanes s laubach cs proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software    
attacking the asokanâ ?? ginzboorg protocol for key distribution in an ad-hoc bluetooth network using g steel a bundy m maidl    
inside track j dvorak 1993.0  pc magazine  
fast decipherment algorithm for rsa public-key cryptosystem c couvreur j quisquater  electronic letters  
teachersâ ?? classroom interactions in ict-based mathematics lessons in m. van den heuvel j monaghan proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference for the & hellip ;    
structural factors affecting the location and timing of urban underclass growth j kasarda urban geography    
a tale of twelve cities : metropolitan employment change in dynamic industries in the 1980s . economic geography j pollard m storper  1996.0 
xslt 2.0 programmer 's reference wrox 3rd edition ( august 9 2004 ) m kay    
coherent arbitrariness : duration-sensitive pricing of hedonic stimuli around an arbitrary anchor d ariely g loewenstein d prelec   
bclasses : a construct and method for modelling co-operative object behaviour br marshall jb kennedy pj barclay 1997.0  information and software technology  
university of maryland code 923 greenbelt j morisette n gsfc   
inside distributed com e guy e henry  1998.0 
the dynamic nature of conflict : a longitudinal study of intragroup conflict and group performance ka jehn ea mannix   
note on the biweight enumerators of self-dual codes over zk st dougherty m harada m oura   
do shape transformations in erythrocytes reflect the flip rate of amphiphilic compounds ? h hagerstrand m bobrowska-hagerstrand b isomaa 1996.0  cellular and molecular biology letters  
adaptive refinement of search patterns for distributed information gathering um borghoff py chevalier j willamowski    
the generation of vacancies in metals rs barnes  phil . mag  
semantic conflict resolution ontology ( scrol ) : an ontology for detecting and resolving data and 2004.0 s ram j park ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering  
new vistas for adult education new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 pj edelson pl malone   
a compact and accurate model for classification m last o maimon ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
reduced cover-trees and their application in the sabre access path model k karlsson vldb   1981.0 
design and implementation of intentional names . master 's thesis e schwartz 1999.0    
automatic generation of application-specific architectures for heterogeneous multiprocessor system - d lyonnard s yoo a baghdadi a jerraya  proceedings acm  
engineering physiology : bases of human factors/ergonomics khe kroemer hj kroemer ke kroemer-elbert   
[ training practitioners to work with infants toddlers and their families ] . j pawlâ ? ¦ zero to three 1989.0 
form operation by example : a language for office information processing sb yao d luo proc . acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
stuttering treatment rating recorder ( strr ) version 2.0 ( computer program ) s fowler r ingham  university of california santa barbara  
arbitrary q-factor dielectric resonator k hoffmann v sokol    
43 ; larhed m. ; moberg c. ; hallberg a rs varma g chem acc . chem . res    
faculty appeals and grievances committee mitchell hall wi milwaukee 2001.0    
modeling parallel program behaviour in alpes jp kitajima b plateau    
and va matusevich lp chernov vv kezyr at .    
the hmong culture : kinship marriage & family systems t moua   2003.0 
individual differences in need for cognitive closure dm webster aw kruglanski  journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
a family therapy approach to the treatment of drug abuse and addiction r hirsch j imhof unpublished    
gangsta rap and adult education tc guy new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
statistical equilibrium with special reference to the mechanism of ionisation by electronic impacts rh fowler phil . mag  
phylogenetic consequences of cytoplasmic gene flow in plants lh rieseberg 1991.0    
more is not better : brood size and population growth in a self-fertilizing nematode j hodgkin tm barnes  proceedings : biological sciences 1991.0 
f-logic : a higher-order language for reasoning about objects inheritance and scheme proc . acm m kifer g lausen conference on management of  
pos disambiguation and partial parsing : bidirectional interaction proceedings of lrec { 2000 athens greece m marimon p porta   
efficient algorithm for bcnf-decomposition wy lin information and software technology   1992.0 
localization of grasp representations in humans by positron emission tomography st grafton ma arbib l fadiga g rizzolatti experimental brain research 1996.0 
on using the ad-hoc network model in wireless packet data networks hy hsieh r sivakumar  proceedings of acm mobihoc  
individual differences in sociosexuality : evidence for convergent and discriminant validity journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 ja simpson sw gangestad   
database research at the university of oklahoma sigmod record lb le gruenwald r dirckze s guinepain c sanchez  1999.0 
aladdin the 1024x1024 insb array : test results am fowler 1995.0  proceedings spie  
building new partnerships for employment : collaboration among agencies and public housing residents ly kato ja riccio 2001.0    
an area-efficient standard-cell floating-point unit design for a processing-in-memory system js moon tj kwon j sondeen j draper    
biochemical tests for cultivar identification international seed testing association zurich switzerland sr draper rj cooke   
estimating the selectivity of xml path expressions for internet scale applications pj masche s presentation   
dynamic dataflow analysis . information and software technology ty chen pc poole  1988.0 
a taxonomy oftime in databases rt snodgrass i ahn acm sigmod international conference on the management of  
the politics of the classroom : toward an oppositional pedagogy . m marcroft new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0    
inferences involving embedded multivalued dependencies and transitive dependencies d stott parker jr k parsaye-ghomi  proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1980.0 
the pond : information exploration using an ecosystem metaphor proceedings of acm collaborative virtual environments ( cve ) o stã ¥ hl a wallberg j sderberg j humble le   
un logiciel de composition musicale combinant un modå?le spectral des structures hiã?rarchiques et a beurivã ?   
searching on the secondary structure of protein sequences l hammel jm patel  vldb 2002.0 
non-functional requirements analysis : deficiencies in structured methods dj grimshaw gw draper 2001.0  information & software technology  
distinct sampling for highly-accurate answers to distinct values queries and event reports b jawerth w sweldens 2001.0    
academic leadership . tm hesburgh  new directions for higher education 1988.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?using schema matching to simplify heterogeneous data translationã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc . of the 24th vldb t milo s zohar   
temperley-lieb immanants 2004 b rhoades m skandera   
on a new family of titanium oxides and the nature of slightly-reduced rutile la bursill bg hyde o terasaki d watanabe phil . mag    
toward an analysis of the role of gay communities in the urban renaissance m lauria l knopp  urban geography  
mood and the use of scripts : does a happy mood really lead to mindlessness ? h bless gl clore n schwarz v golisano c rabe  journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
needlestick injuries and subsequent disease : first-person accounts from 3 nurses journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 ba algie l arnold cl fowler   
a new glove puncture detection system tt manson wg bromberg jg thacker w mcgregor rf 1995.0  journal of emergency medicine  
connected partition dimensions of graphs discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2002.0 v saenpholphat p zhang   
light-sensitive optical fibres and planar waveguides 1993.0 r kashyap bt technology journal  
a parallel strategy for transitive closure usind double hash-based clustering vldb jp cheiney  1990.0 
evaluation of database access paths proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference sb yao d dejong   
g calvert jm hay ka and lees dg 1973 dg barnes phil . mag  
fractal telecommunications networks s appleby bt technology journal   1994.0 
semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles hv jagadish j madar rt ng & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ; 1999.0    
graduate education and continuing education . ke young new directions for higher education 1984.0    
first thoughts on closure : problems and prospects . md dp fowler   
a schema partition for multimedia database management systems v turau   
formalization of generics for the . net common language runtime d yu a kennedy d syme   
optimal histograms for limiting worst-case error propagation in the size of join results 1993.0 s christodoulakis acm transactions on database systems  
the limits of local initiatives : a reassessment of urban entrepreneurialism for urban development h leitner m garner 1993.0  urban geography  
database and revised checklist of new york state plants . part 1 ) mitchell rs a database of new york rs mitchell microsoft access  
personality in synthetic actors d rousseau b hayes-roth technical report ksl 96-21 stanford university    
design methodology using sdl md cookson sg woodsford bt technology journal 1993.0 
greedy perimeter stateless routing proceedings of acm conf . on mobile computing and networking b karp h kung   
traces of culture : searchbots scour the web looking for visual information 2004.0 s wilson proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;  
infoharness : use ofautomatically generated metadata for search and retrieval ofheterogeneous l shkiar a sheth v kashyap k shah    
basic fibroblast growth factor ( fgf-2 ) expression is increased in human renal fibrogenesis and may f strutz m zeisberg m dietrichâ ? ¦   1998.0 
functional network analysis as an effective scoring system for protein structure prediction g del rio a garciarrubio m cusack de bredesen   
non-technical issues in network design-economic legal social and other considerations ieee computer ph enslow jr   
using classroom research in a large introductory science class . 1991.0 j olmstedâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning  
urban analysis and the computer : a strategic approach for urban policy analysis sj bernstein proc . acm urban syrup  
classroom 2000 : a system for capturing and accessing multimedia classroom experiences acm chi ' 98 g abowd j brotherton j bhalodia demonstration    
spotfire : an information exploration environment c ahlberg sigmod record   1996.0 
the nimble integration system d draper ay halevy ds weld proc . of sigmod  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?analysis of low density codes and improved designs using irregular graphs ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in mg luby m mitzenmacher ma shokrollahi da  proc . acm symp  
parametrized self-organizing maps proc . icann h ritter   
seismic regionalization signal detector and source locator es husebye yv fedorenko    
the design of a cots real-time distributed security kernel m correia p verissimo nf neves lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
alkylated metal compounds mimic signal molecules : the induction of programmed cell death via hf krug p herrlich   
guanxi : connections as substitutes for formal institutional support kr xin jl pearce 1996.0  the academy of management journal  
agent-based semantic interoperability in infosleuth . acms anthology  sigmod record 1999.0 
quantifying urban and rural sprawl using the sprawl index dm theobald  annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;  
on the computation of relational view complements j lechtenborger g vossen 2003.0  acm transactions on database systems  
virtual reality and program comprehension : application using spreadsheet visualisation msc thesis department of computer science university of durham rd gregson   
teaching experimental science : enzymes and the laboratory . new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 jm foster   
formal methods for communication services : meeting the industry expectations f dietrich jp hubaux computer networks 2002.0    
effect of thyrocalcitonin in man gv foster gf joplin i macintyre ke melvin e lancet  
studies of voids in neutron-irradiated aluminum single crystals . pt . 2 . small-angle neutron phil . mag. 1974.0 rw hendricks j schelten w schmatz   
d. ( 1995 ) . fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and proceedings of c faloutsos ki lin   
dynamic lightpath protection in wdm mesh networks under wavelength-continuity and risk-disjoint s yuan jp jue  computer networks 2005.0 
q-ary part-and-try algorithm for packet conflict resolution p studer h pletcher & hellip ; telecommun. swiss fed . inst . technol. zurich switzerland & hellip ;  
database research at arizona state university 1996.0 sd urban sw dietrich f golshani sigmod record  
le-xuan-hy gm oxenberg j. & deichmann ak ( 1986 ) . self-evaluation of abilities : accurate self - journal of personality and social mj strube cl lott   
the cougar approach to innetwork query processing in sensor networks a wand a chandrakasan acm sigmod record    
m ' ~ dg ~ rber rh 1985 . multiprocessor hash-based join algorithms proceedings of the international conference on very large dj dewitt   
learning to match ontologies a doan j madhavan r dhamankar p domingos ay vldb journal    
multiple audience problem : a strategic communication perspective on social perception jh fleming jm darley jl hilton ba kojetin journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 
brobst and gk maa . evaluation of the mit taggcd-token dataflow architecture . computation structures sa arvind   1987.0 
thermostable salt-tolerant î ± - amylase from bacillus sp m jana b pati   
tennessee and wisconsin were early data mandating states p arizona   
composing monads using coproducts c luth n ghani    
protocol considerations for a prefix-caching proxy for multimedia streams www9 / computer networks s gruber j rexford a basso  2000.0 
disambiguation filters for scannerless generalized lr parsers 2002.0 mgj van den brand j scheerder jj vinju e visser lecture notes in computer science  
recursively generated b-spline surfaces on arbitrary topological meshes seminal graphics : poineering efforts that shaped the field & hellip ; 1998.0 e catmull j clark   
p. marron the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications proc . of the acm sigmod international conference on e rundensteiner h kuno y ra v crestana-taube m   
whatâ ?? s the difference ? characteristics of mathematically talented men and women who do not pursue cj weinberger unpublished paper university of california santa barbara  
not so basic anymore pc magazine-american edition - 1993.0 s canter   
amplification and direct sequencing of fung al ribosomal rna genes for phylogenetics . innis m tj white t bruns s leeâ ? ¦   1990.0 
optimal information dispersal for probabilistic latency targets mk nakayama b yener computer networks   2001.0 
g and foxon ct b 1966 phil . mag jg rider   
prrs virus and secondary disease c pijoan g solano j segales proceedings of the 1994 allen d. leman swine conference    
tcp vegas and wan emulator proc . of acm sigcomm j ahn pb danzig z liu e yan   
elements of physical biology williams and wilkins baltimore aj lotka md  
generating spanning trees more quickly than the cover time db wilson proc . 28th acm symp    
threshold proxy signature schemes lecture notes in computer science k zhang  1998.0 
non-deterministic dataflow programming ajcjr curd cc kirkham  proc . 6th acm european  
preplasticity and the theory of thermally activated phenomena lp kubin phil . mag. 1974.0    
water quality management for reservoirs and tailwaters : a wots demonstration rh kennedy rc gunkel rf gaugush 1988.0  water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ;  
hã ¶ rverstehen im unterricht deutsch als fremdsprache lang frankfurt/m . 1996 p kã?hn    
our peopleâ ?? innovative and creative m fowler  bt technology journal 2000.0 
a case of urachal remnant presenting as acute abdominal pain-a rare cause of peritonitis in children 1999.0 s schlaishunt j rubin journal of emergency medicine  
component and object technology : a preview of corba 3 j siegel ieee computer  
base deficit level indicating major injury is increased with ethanol journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 cm dunham la watson c cooper   
loading databases using dataflow parallelism j grayâ ? ¦ sigmod record    
continuous '' morphing '' : competing through dynamic capabilities form and function vp rindova s kotha    
models of ontogenetic development for autonomous adaptive systems d harter r kozma    
the beginnings of urban ambulance service in the united states and england . journal of emergency medicine js haller jr  1990.0 
evaluation of function blocks for asynchronous design proceedings of acm cd nielsen  1994.0 
synthetic force simulation fidelity e harvey engineering  
portugal : the decade of return j lewis a williams geography    
a new tool for file and table addressing proceedings of the 6th international conference on vldb & hellip ; w litwin l hashing   
academic competitiveness among graduate students ma cretsinger   2003.0 
the csnet name server computer networks mh solomon lh landweber d neuhengen   
otros ( 1.994 ) : pedagogãa e lã ³ pez-barajas  experimental  
cleavage of metal single crystals phil . mag an stroh   
compression for venous leg ulcers cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 n cullum ea nelson aw fletcher ta sheldon   
late night vrml 2.0 with java 1997 b roehl j couch c reed-ballreich t rohaly g    
saltillo 1770-1810 : town and region in the mexican north . tucson : university of arizona press ls offutt geography  
the alphaslider : a rapid and compact selector proc . acm chi &#39; 94 conference c ahlberg b shneiderman   
excess yields in bond hedging h reisman g zohar submitted for publication 2003.0 
developing and responding to major writing projects aj herrington  new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
boundary behaviour of conformal maps c pommerenke  1992.0 
sequence of proteins of immunological interest . us department of health and human services nih ea kabat tt wu hm perry ks gottesman c foeller md  
a uml 2.0 profile for systemc : toward high-level soc design e riccobene p scandurra a rosti s bocchio proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
wave pipelining for application-specific networks on chips j xu w wolf   
a framework for the specification of test cases for real time distributed systems t walter j grabowski 1999.0  information and software technology  
release 2.0 : a design for living in the digital age e dyson   
single and loving it : must-alias analysis for higher-order languages . in 25 thpopl s jagannathan p thiemann s weeks ak wright san diego ca  
postgres-r a new way to implement database replication proceedings of the 26th international conference on very b kemme g alonso bc do n't be lazy   
lbt adaptive secondary preliminary design d gallieni c del vecchio e anaclerio pg    
automated animal-tracking system : tracking elk with retransmitted loran-c : pp. 53â ?? 61 in international loran association santa barbara california ph dana w fowler d hindman   
agm : a dataflow database machine . l bic rl hartmann acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 
tourist guide : some issues and experiences k cheverst n davies k mitchell a friday dcae proc . of acm    
a methodology for enterprise performance management . 1997 decision sciences institute proceedings a presley l whitman d liles  1997.0 
custom solutions for complex networks 2000.0 gm whalley dj newson k linsell mj palmer bt technology journal  
distributed processing over stand-alone systems and applications 1997.0 g alonso c hagen hj schek m tresch vldb  
agent-based semantic interoperability in infosleuth sigmod record 28 : 1 1999.0 j fowler b perry m nodine b bargmeyer   
directional gossip : gossip in a wide area network mj lin k marzullo  lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
fast and accurate text classification via multiple linear discriminant projections s chakrabarti s roy mv soundalgekar the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
a new tool for files and tables implementation '' w litwin lv hashing proc . 6th int . vldb conf. montreal  
visual information seeking : tight coupling of dynamic query filters with f : a ; $ 17 displays proc . acm sigchi â ?? 94 c ahlberg b shneiderman   
chaotic evolution of some coastal plain soils jd phillips  physical geography  
plasma fluphenazine concentrations after injection of long-acting esters lancet i 1978.0 sh curry r whelpton pj de schepper aa schiff   
spontaneous pneumomediastinum sl bratton pp o'rourke journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
fascicles for semantic compression and pattern extraction j madar  msc . thesis department of computer science university of  
the independent factor analysis approach to latent variable modeling 2004.0 a montanari c viroli   
sequences of proteins of immunological interest . us department of health and human services ea kabat tt wu hm perry ks gottesman c foeller md  
a scalable architecture for autonomous heterogeneous database interactions s milliner a bouguettaya mp papazoglou 1995.0  proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;  
from sequences to shapes and back : a case study in rna secondary structures p schuster w fontana pf stadler il hofacker proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0    
an improved method for the indexing of software information and software technology s lambert y saintigny f delacote f amiot b  1999.0 
mocha : a model checking tool that exploits design structure l de alfaro r alur r grosu t henzinger m kang  icse 01 : proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;  
a 3 2-approximation algorithm for independent scheduling malleable tasks g mounie c rapine d trystram submitted for publication    
on semantic issues connected with incomplete information systems acm trans . database systems w lipski   
functional dependencies in logic programming ao mendelzon proceedings of international acm conference on very large & hellip ;  
fiber structure formation in high-speed melt spinning of sheath-core type bicomponent fibers t kikutani s arikawa a takaku n okui 1995.0  fiber  
traits : composable units of behaviour lecture notes in computer science n scharli s ducasse o nierstrasz ap black  2003.0 
report on the programming language euclid bw lampson jj horning rl london jg mitchell gj 1977.0  acm sigplan notices  
comments on the debate : data-structure-set versus relational j clymer 1975.0  acm sigmod record  
performance evaluation of attribute-based tree organization v gopalakrishna ce veni madhavan acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
descriptions of heretofore unknown mammals from islands in the gulf of california mexico . wh burt  1932.0 
on the shoulders of giants : intertextuality and classical studies md d fowler   
telecommunications and higher education : in search of a public policy . mb goldstein new directions for higher education 1983.0 
vacuum-assisted closure versus saline-moistened gauze in the healing of postoperative diabetic foot sk mccallon ca knight jp valiulus mw cunningham   
learning source description for data integration ah doan p domingos ay levy 2000.0  webdb ( informal proceedings )  
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions vldb 1996.0 ay levy a rajaraman jj ordilleâ ? ¦   
zero reversibility and induction of the english auxiliary system s pilato rc berwick proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association & hellip ;    
data compression in oracle m poess d potapov proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0    
emmanuelwalker . methods and rules proceedings of the acm sigmod s abiteboul g lausen h upho   
centralized concurrency control methods for high-end tp . sigmod record a thomasian  1991.0 
embryo transfer in dairy cattle hoards dairyman 1989 ge seidel jr rp elsden    
components of reward in social dilemmas journal of personality and social psychology ss komorita jm barth  1985.0 
behavioral modeling of analog circuits by wavelet collocation methods l xin z xuan z dianâ ? ¦ proc ieee/acm iccad    
etal. â ?? a space based model for user interaction in shared synthetic environment â ?? le fahlen  proc . acm chi  
parameter free bursty events detection in text streams gpc fung jx yu ps yu h lu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
rc autonomous circuits with chaotic behaviour p bernat   
composing mappings among data sources proceedings of the conference on very large databases & hellip ; a halevy j madhavan   
the wellington formation in oklahoma 1946.0 go raasch   
mocha : a self-extensibledatabase middleware system for distributed data sources manuel rodrä ± guez - cp universityofmaryland   
moving assessment forward : enabling conditions and stumbling blocks tw banta 1997.0  new directions for higher education  
some locally 3 { arc transitive graphs constructed from triality m giudici ch li ce praeger   
anti-leukotriene agents compared to inhaled corticosteroids in the management of recurrent and/or cochrane database syst rev fm ducharme gc hicks  2002.0 
johns hopkins university baltimore j lebowitz md  
collaborative ontology construction for information integration r fike w pratt technical repor ksl-95-63 stanford university knowledge & hellip ;    
broadband in the home ke nolde 2002.0  bt technology journal  
resolution approchee du probleme de set packing bi-objectifs x delorme x gandibleux f degoutin    
the plant visualisation system ( avis ) hd kochs j reichel h husemann demonstration at the    
exercise to improve self-esteem in children and young people cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 e ekeland f heian kb hagen j abbott l nordheim   
lexical semantic relatedness and online new event detection ( poster session ) proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; n stokes p hatch j carthy  2000.0 
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases s englert pj weinberger    
attachment styles among young adults k bartholomew lm horowitz 1991.0  journal of personality and social psychology  
poverty employment and policy-making in egypt : a country profile n el-ehwany h el-laithy 2001.0    
vaginal misoprostol for cervical ripening and induction of labour gj hofmeyr am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
on the approximation of solutions of stochastic differential equations of elliptic type i gyongy t martä ± nez    
bulking agents antispasmodic and antidepressant medication for the treatment of irritable bowel ao quartero v meineche-schmidt j muris g rubin 2005.0  cochrane database syst rev  
infoharness : use of automatically generated metadata for search and retrieval of heterogeneous l shklar a sheth v kashyap k shah    
preserving spectral contrast in amplitude compression for hearing aids c juan c tejero cr janet proceedings of the 23rd annual embs international conference & hellip ;  
learning from examples with unspecified attribute values . tenth annual colt conference 231-242 1997.0 sa goldman ss kwek sd scott   
model-based region growing segmentation of textured images pw fung g grebbin y attikiouzel   
implementation and modeling of two-phase locking concurrency control - a performance study 2000.0 nb al-jumah hs hassanein m el-sharkawi information & software technology  
the collegiate ideal and the tools of external relations : the uses of high-profile intercollegiate jd toma new directions for higher education   1999.0 
a multiview video transcoder b bai j harms proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0    
the development and enforcement of group norms the academy of management review dc feldman  1984.0 
naltrexone-buprenorphine interactions : effects on cocaine self-administration neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 nk mello se lukas jh mendelson j drieze   
the building blocks for specifying communication of complex objects an activity-driver approach l ling 1996.0    
experimental study of 3-d contactless conductivity detection using microwave radiometry : a possible is karanasiou nk uzunoglu   
specifying and analyzing dynamic software architectures 1998.0 r allen r douence d garlan lecture notes in computer science  
in their own voices : women learning about their own development c marienau new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0    
weakly pinned random walk on the wall : pathwise descriptions of the phase transition stoch y isozaki n yoshida proc . appl  
caregiver burden in dementia : evaluation with a japanese version of the zarit caregiver burden n hirono h kobayashi e mori no to shinkei   1998.0 
the role of the cio and it function in erp lp willcocks r sykes  communications-acm 2000.0 
customizable virtual private network service with qos lk lim j gao tse ng pr chandra p steenkiste h computer networks 2001.0    
tile hashing w litwin proc . of sigmod conf  
oracle industrial exhibit a pogue vldb 1998.0    
classroom computing pc magazine november mj miller   
20-methyl vitamin d analogues g neef g kirsch k schwarz h wiesinger a menrad  proceedings of the 9th workshop on vitamin d 1994 orlando & hellip ;  
using semantically heterogeneous structures . rj miller acm    
j. . j. ordille . quering heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions ay levi a rajaraman  proc . 22nd vldb conference bombay india  
reliability of quantum-mechanical communication systems wsl jane  technical report 468 research laboratory of electronics  
mobile computing and databases : an ything new ? '' mh dunham a helal sigmod    
an auditory model based transcriber of singing sequences lp clarisse jp martens m lesaffre b de baets h   
the handheld that beams pc magazine b brown   
a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia datasets c faloutsos k lin management of    
context and collective action : four interactive building blocks for a family of explanatory theories e ostrom  unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
modulation features of galactic cosmic rays in 1982 ga bazilevskaya ns svirzhevsky yi stozhkov ev proc . 21st int . cosmic ray conf 1990.0    
in : fowler am ( ed ) infrared astronomical instrumentation bm swinyard mj burgdorf pe clegg gr davis mj  proc . spie  
mondrian : system for automatic generation of dataflow diagrams information and software technology 1989.0 jb tremblay   
enzymatic properties and autophosphorylation of the saccharomyces cerevisiae yak1 protein kinase cellular and molecular biology letters s kassis r annan jc lee c creasy  1998.0 
objectivity industrial exhibit . acms disc acms anthology p edition    
42nd interscience conference on antimicrobial agents and chemotherapy cl celum c renzi m fosterâ ? ¦  san diego ca  
calcium supplementation on bone loss in postmenopausal women cochrane database syst rev b shea g wells a cranney n zytaruk v robinson   
transitive closure algorithm memtc and its performance analysis v hirvisalo e nuutila e soisalon-soininen    
interpolating subdivision for meshes with arbitrary topology proceedings of siggraph d zorin p schroder w sweldens  1996.0 
typed functional query languages with equational specifications kq pu ao mendelzon proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
protein secretion in the polarized epithelial cell line mdck c kondor-koch r bravo s fuller d cutler h submitted for publication    
mechanical engineering education at the university of twente 1999.0 pc powell h grunefeld   
microsoft 's 80386/80486 programming guide rp nelson  1991.0 
distinct differences in cortical reactivity of motor and prefrontal cortices to magnetic stimulation s kã $ hkã ¶ nen j wilenius rj ilmoniemi    
agent-based semantic interoperability in infosleuth m nodine b perry b bargmeyer sigmod record  
dietary effects on serum phytanic acid levels and on clinical manifestations in heredopathia l eldjarn k try o stokke s refsum o steinberg lancet i   1966.0 
hiv-1 sequence evolution and specific immune response in children with distinct clinical courses e halapi t leitner m jansson a plebani g submitted for    
handbook on the physics and chemistry of rare earths special volumes on high temperature rare earth hw weber at    
environmental ethics : contempory ethical issues c palmer 1997.0    
principles of protein structure ge schulz rh schirmer   1979.0 
a history of algol 68 ch lindsey  history of programming languages 1996.0 
hormonal interactions between plants and insects cm williams see ref    
murads . taqq walter willinger anddaniel v. wilson . on the self-similar nature of ethernet tra c we leland  proceedings of acm sigcomm  
curriculum recommendations for the undergraduate program in computer science : a working report of rh austing bh barnes dt bonnette gl engel g acm sigcse bulletin 1977.0 
computational fluid dynamics in a traditional animation environment p witting   
midazolam : a review of therapeutic uses and toxicity journal of emergency medicine sp nordt rf clark  1997.0 
institutional research d olsen new directions for higher education 2000.0    
partition based spatial-merge join jm pate961 patel dj dewitt proceedings of the 1996 acm-sigmod conference june    
actions and roles : using depicted events for disambiguation and reinterpretation in german and p knoeferle mw crocker c scheepers mj pickering    
high-availability computer systems j gray dp siewiorek   
learning of sensory motor tasks by an autonomous agent k malmstrom l munday j sitte & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing    
an experimental study on organic solderability preservative y li   
temporal fds on complex objects acm tans database syst j wijsen   
d. naughton j. 1993 â ?? the 007 benchmarkâ ?? m carey w de proceedings of the 1993 acm    
evolution of darwin 's finches caused by a rare climatic event proceedings : biological sciences 1993.0 br grant pr grant   
bibliography on object-oriented database management g vossen acm sigmod record   1991.0 
algorithms and programming models for efficient representation of xml for internet applications n sundaresan r moussa  computer networks 2002.0 
hardcore visual basic version 5.0 1997.0 b mckinney   
compror : compression with a factor oracle a lefebvre t lecroq proceedings of the data compression conference ( dcc &#39; 01 )   2001.0 
and wilson eg 1981a phil . mag k donovan   
inside dymaic html 1997.0 s issaacs   
hla-dqa1 * 1 contributes to resistance and a1 * 3 confers susceptibility to type 1 ( insulin-dependent ) k yamagata t hanafusa h nakajima m sada h diabetologia 1991.0    
peer response to low stakes writing in a wac literature classroom me sargent new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
symbolic math software : itâ ?? s not just for mainframes anymore b simon  pc magazine  
collaborative joins in a pervasive computing environment the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; f perich a joshi y yesha t finin  2005.0 
space-time adaptive processing for airborne radar data systems j ward  technical report 1015 massachusetts inst . of technology lincoln  
m & m-query : database support for the annotation and retrieval of biological research articles proc . acm sigmod conference k baclawski n fridman  1993.0 
selfish behavior and stability of the internet : a game-theoretic analysis of tcp a akella s seshan r karp s shenker c   
a performance study of the cambridge ring gs blair  computer networks  
lingual abscess secondary to body piercing journal of emergency medicine jc olsen  2001.0 
semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles rt ng hv jagadish j madar proc int conf on very large databases  
stuttering treatment rating recorder ( version 2.0 ) [ computer software ] university of california santa barbara ca s fowler r ingham   
geometrical methods of nonlinear analysis ma krasnosel ` skii pp zabreiko   1984.0 
induction of labour for suspected fetal macrosomia cochrane database syst rev o irion m boulvain  2000.0 
the 007 benchmark mj carey dj dewitt jf naughton proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference    
why talk about different ways to grade ? the shift from traditional assessment to alternative rs anderson 1998.0  new directions for teaching and learning  
model-checking for real-time systems kg larsen p pettersson w yi  lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
a rare plant survey of the lake chelan project area-final lake chelan hydroelectric project no. 637 pud chelan prepared by calypso consulting seattle washington    
les motek high degree word : mother lodge bordeaux : mother scottish lodge s mystã ¨ res    
rcbr : a simple and efficient service for multiple time-scale trac proceedings of sigcomm m grossglauser s keshav d tse   
daml + oil : a reason-able web ontology language i horrocks lecture notes in computer science 2002.0    
an ecological history of the province lands cape cod national seashore unpublished manuscript ca mccaffrey   
the network as a global database : challenges of interoperability proactivity interactiveness proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; pc lockemann a koschel r kramer r nikolai m  1997.0 
wrp : final report on vermontâ ?? s welfare restructuring project d bloom r hendra c michalopoulos c redcross s  2002.0 
theoretical and experimental determinations of the transfer function of a laminar premixed flame s ducruix d durox s candel 2000.0  proceedings-combustion institute  
trajectory based forwarding and its applications d niculescu b nath   
ecosystem processes component level 1 interpretive report no. 10 . chesapeake biological laboratory ( wr boynton wm kemp jm barnes ll matteson fm md    
r. kumar v. : mining needles in a haystack : classifying rare classes via two-phase rule induction proceedings of acm ma joshi   
strategic changes and frameworks affecting future oss/bss in the telecommunications industry bt technology journal 2005.0 jmm potter ar brady   
the multiview project : object-oriented view technology and applications ea rundensteiner ha kuno yg ra v crestana-taube sigmod conference   1996.0 
fdm -- functional data model b housel sb yao v waddle proc . 5th int . conf . very large data bases ( rio de janeiro & hellip ;    
pretruncal nonaneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage efm wijdicks gm miller mayo clinic proceedings 1998.0    
the social psychology of creativity tm amabile  1983.0 
object manipulation in virhml ~ . nvirnnme . nt . ~ : hnnman hia . consistency a_n_d i_n_dividua ! y wang cl mackenzie va summers proceedings of acm    
query previews for networked information systems : a case study with nasa environmental data q previews    
mining compressed frequent-pattern sets d xin j han x yan h cheng    
a subdivision scheme for smooth interpolation of quad-mesh data procs of lp kobbelt   
shostak 's congruence closure as completion d kapur lecture notes in computer science 1997.0    
independent slip systems in crystals gw groves a kelly phil . mag    
the area-time complexity of binary multiplication rp brent ht kung journal of the acm ( jacm )   1981.0 
learning community history new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 jm hugo   
diuretic therapy for newborn infants with posthemorrhagic ventricular dilatation cochrane database syst . a whitelaw cr kennedy lp brion   
composing crosscutting concerns using composition filters l bergmans m aksit communications-acm 2001.0 
operator placement for in-network stream query processing u srivastava k munagala j widom    
constructive asymptotic equivalence of density estimation and gaussian white noise unpublished manuscript j klemela m nussbaum   
do n't be lazy be consistent : postgres-r a new way to implement database replication b kemme g alonso  vldb 2000.0 
satish 2772 thatte g kakivaya a layman hf nielsen    
optical fiber telecommunications iv b san diego ca h kogelnik rm jopson le nelson   
inside directx b bargen p donnelly    
in keramidas em jc geyer  computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
an efficient collision-free protocol for prioritized access-control of cable or radio channels computer networks yi gold wr franta   
a 28-year-old man with an aortic dissection and history of cocaine abuse sp hohm 1995.0  journal of emergency nursing  
the sea surface temperature changing trend of the last 40 years in the lei-qiong sea area k yu tropical geography   2000.0 
cr acad . sci . paris 314 ss chern serie i  
ductile fracture in copper single crystals phil . mag s saimoto wf hosford wa backofen   
dapsone intoxication : two case reports dg hansen kr challoner de smith 1994.0  journal of emergency medicine  
very simple method to ndthe minimal polynomial of an arbitrary non-zero element of a finite eld electronic letters j gordon   
an alternative approach : the unfolding model of voluntary employee turnover tw lee tr mitchell the academy of management review   1994.0 
fido : a cache that learns to fetch 1991.0 m palmer sb zdonik vldb  
mondrian/system for automatic generation of dataflow diagrams information and software technology lb protsko pg sorenson jp tremblay   
supporting a knowledge based software information system with a large code database pg selfridge rj brachman  kbms workshop national conference on artificial & hellip ;  
the oo7 benchmark . buneman p jajodia s mj carey dj de witt jf naughton  proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference  
6riwzduhuhtxluhphqwv ke wiegers  1999.0 
generation classification and analysis of switched-mode dc-to-dc converters by the use of converter proc . int . telecommunications energy conf . ( intelec ) r tymerski v vorperian   
geometrically-necessary dislocation density in continuum crystal plasticity theory and fem h dai dm parks unpublished manuscript  
classroom teaching behaviors related to college teaching effectiveness . hg murray new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0    
interpolation of deflection of the vertical ... * paper of tdk m takã ¡ tsy technical university budapest    
a decade of hardware/software codesign w wolf   
are quorums an alternative for database replication r jimenez-peris m patino-martinez b kemme g acm trans . on database systems  
mcmc maximum likelihood cj geyer  computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
opossum : desk-top schema management through customizable visualization em haber ye ioannidis m livny  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
the building blocks for specifying communication behavior of complex objects : an activity-driven l liu r meersman acm transactions on database systems 1996.0    
dietary fiber in nutrition management of diabetes jw anderson k ward see ref  
a performance study of power-saving polices for wi-fi hotspots computer networks g anastasi m conti e gregori a passarella  2004.0 
looking to the future : implementation of a five-year plan . pl beukema 1986.0  new directions for higher education  
patel : â ?? complex relationships and knowledge discovery support in the infoquilt systemâ ?? t sheth the vldb  
renal transplantation in very young children lancet i rs trompeter c chantler  1983.0 
teaching software engineering at university . pw garratt g edmunds information and software technology   1988.0 
knowledge sharing technology project overview t finin m cutkosky t gruber j van baalen technical report ksl-91-71 stanford university november    
ã?ã?in search of the sourceã?ã ? fj derfler pc magazine    
s and rungis j 1970 rs crisp phil . mag  
feature extraction via generalized uncorrelated linear discriminant analysis proc . 21st intâ ?? l conf . machine learning 2004.0 j ye r janardan q li h park   
ber performance in wavelength packet switched wdm systems during nano-second wavelength switching a dantcha lp barry j murphy j dunne t mullane    
ceo ownership leasing and debt financing h mehran ra taggart d yermack    
state-level evaluation uses of cost analysis : a national descriptive survey nl smith jk smith new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
implementation of a 256-bit wideword processor for the data-intensive architecture ( diva ) processing j draper j sondeen cw kang   
smoking cessation for the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 j critchley s capewell   
support for temporal data by complex objects w kaefer n ritter h schoening vldb 1990.0    
sampling-based estimation of the number of distinct values of an attribute pj haas jf naughton s seshadri l stokes  vldb 1995.0 
ontoedit : guiding ontology development by methodology and inferencing y sure j angele s staab lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
psychologia spoå?eczna e aronson td wilson rm akert  serce i umyså ?  
oasis : an online and accurate technique for local-alignment searches on biological databases c meek j patel s kasetty proceedings of the conference on very large databases ( vldb  
a first experimental study of a dynamic transitive closure algorithm t miller c zaroliagis    
the cougar approach to in-network query processing in sensor networks 2002.0 y yao j gehrke sigmod record  
one-sided ideals in ac * - algebra jc chuan dissertation university of california santa barbara    
rainbowii : multi-xquery optimization using materialized xml views x zhang    
incomplete path expressions and their disambiguation ye ioannidis 1994.0  sigmod conference  
impacts of logic and databases ( invited paper ) h gallaire vldb    
complex objects and their use m design trausacnons ra lone w plouffe  acm sig-mod conf on management of data  
partition based spatial-merge join acm sigmod intl conference on management of data jm patel dj dewitt   
video scouting demonstration : smart content selection and recording 2000.0 n dimitrova l agnihotri r jasinschi j zimmerman proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ;  
monotonic complements for independent data warehouses d laurent j lechtenbã ¶ rger n spyratos g vossen  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
on the quality of service enhancement in variable bit rate networks . looking . forward ieee x hesselbach   
a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia datasets c faloutsos ki lin  1994.0 
functional dependencies in logic programs vldb ao mendelzon   
lh-linear hashing for distributed files w litwin ma neimat da schneider    
proxy categories in phrase-structure theory l nash a rouveret proceedings-nels 1997.0    
self-tuning histograms r habrecht    
the timed failures-stability model for csp gm reed aw roscoe    
measuring the dynamic behaviour of aspectj programs b dufour c goard l hendren o de moor g    
abbadi : ae storage and retrieval of moving objects hd chon d agrawal ieee intl. conf . on mobile data management ( mdm )    
tibiofibular syndesmosis and ossification . case report : sequelae of ankle sprain in an adolescent journal of emergency medicine ma kennedy ae sama m sigman  2000.0 
rx for semantic video database retrieval & hellip ; of the second acm international conference on multimedia 1994.0 n dimitrova f golshani   
evaluation of the duration of immunity of a single dose of ingelvacâ ® - m sk miller m roof d cleveringa j husa k hyo at    
the learning-curve method applied to clustering c meek b thiesson d heckerman    
chameleon : a new multi-layer channel router proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; d braun j burns s davadas hk ma k mayaram f  1986.0 
role of bcl-2 family proteins in apoptosis : apoptosomes or mitochondria ? genes to cells y tsujimoto  1998.0 
uses of the fries rearrangement for the preparation of hydroxyarylketones r martin  org . prep . proc . int  
sampling-based selectivity for joins using augmented frequent value statistics p haas a swami  proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
injectable gold for rheumatoid arthritis p clark p tugwell k bennet c bombardier b shea  cochrane database syst . rev 2000.0 
a ward gf & dudley ra ( 1992 ) jm barnaba jd rueb j hassoun & hellip ; crew reduction feasibility demonstration simulation study : 2  
finally : a practical application for holography j mcdermott electronic design    
frequent expression of the cell death-inducing gene bax in reed-sternberg cells of hodgkin 's disease p brousset d benharroch s krajewski g laurent   
towards a low bandwidth talking face using appearance models bj theobald g cawley s kruse ja bangham    
similarities and differences in coalition building among four communities developing drug and sm boles   1994.0 
routing in telecommunications networks with ant-like agents e bonabeau f henaux s guerin d snyers p kuntz lecture notes in computer science 1998.0    
a cellular automata simulation system : version 2.0 jd eckart acm sigplan notices   1992.0 
international extrepreneurship : the intersection of two research paths pp mcdougall bm oviatt    
planarization of graphs embedded on surfaces hn djidjev sm venkatesan lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
kernel partial least squares regression in reproducing kernel hilbert space r rosipal lj trejo  journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
technology adaption in logic synthesis 1986.0 wh joyner jr lh trevillyan d brand ta nix sc proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;  
object fusion in geographic information systems 2004.0 c beeri y kanza e safra y sagiv proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
cold flow simula-tiono f vortex induced oscillationsi namodel of solid propeilant boosters greater seattle washington aiaa paper j anthoine d olivari   
the anticoagulants protein c and protein s display potent antiinflammatory and immunosuppressive ww hancock a tsuchida h hau nm thomson transplantation proceedings 1992.0    
detecting ddos attacks on isp networks a akella a bharambe m reiter s seshan    
experimental investigations of the role of h 2 o in calc-alkaline differentiation and subduction contributions to mineralogy and petrology tw sisson tl grove  1993.0 
defining and assessing disadvantagement b fuller pp mcnamara new directions for higher education 1978.0    
phylip version 3.57 c j felsenstein  university of washington seattle  
diagnostic model-checking for real-time systems kg larsen p pettersson w yi lecture notes in computer science 1996.0    
recombinant human insulin-like growth factor i ( rhigf-i ) for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor jd mitchell jh wokke gd borasio  cochrane database syst . rev 2002.0 
independent effects of alzheimer 's disease on neuropsychological functioning ta salthouse jt becker 1998.0  neuropsychology-new york -  
general convergence results for linear discriminant updates aj grove n littlestone d schuurmans  machine learning 2001.0 
accurate and fast modeling of planar inductors in cmos technologies proc . 29th eur . solid state device research conf j lescot j haidar f ndagijimana   
risedronate for the prevention and treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis a cranney l waldegger n zytaruk b shea b  cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
phylip ver . 3.5 j felsenstein university of washington seattle    
iatrogenic magnesium overdose : two case reports journal of emergency medicine rj vissers r purssell  1996.0 
nicotine replacement therapy for smoking cessation 2002.0 c silagy t lancaster l stead d mant g fowler cochrane database syst rev  
classroom research in psychology : assessment techniques to enhance teaching and learning . cj walker  new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
8â cents mitchell te ( 1973 ) l hwang ah heuer  phil . mag  
queries with incomplete answers over semistructured data y kanza w nutt y sagiv proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst 1999.0 
evidences for the west china cratons and its evolution x yuan y zho c zhang proc . 29th int . geol . congr . part b  
conservative visibility preprocessing using extended projections g schaufler j dorsey x decoret f sillion proc . of acm siggraph    
liquid and fluid agents for preventing adhesions after surgery for subfertility cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 a watson p vandekerckhove r lilford   
the gendered construction of the adult education and family literacy act b sparks 2001.0  new directions for adult and continuing education  
improving tcp over wireless networks h balakrishnan s seshan e amir r katz proc . of acm mobicomâ ?? 95 conf  
lee . handlingdataskewinmultiprocessor database computers using partition tuning ka huaandc proc . of vldbâ ?? 91  
infosleuth ( 1997 ) agent-based semantic integration of information in open and dynamic environments r bayardoâ ? ¦  proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of  
fossil fuels : the decade of surplus syd and arthur d spooner  geography  
photoacoustic imaging of blood vessel equivalent phantoms pc beard    
classifying managerial responses to multiple organizational identities mg pratt po foreman   
generating descriptions in context e krahmer m theune procs . of workshop generation of nominal expressions esslli    
high level segmentation of instructional videos based on content density dq phung s venkatesh c dorai   
telecommunications network total cost of ownership and return on investment modelling am elvidge j martucci bt technology journal 2003.0 
field induced spin density waves j. phys . i france 1996.0 pm chaikin   
restructuring for large databases : three levels of abstraction sb navathe jp fry acm transactions on database systems 1976.0    
w. myers hn dunning j moore at ibid    
rainbow : mapping-driven xquery processing system x zhang m mulchandani s christ b murphy ea   
histological typing of tumours of the upper respiratory tract and ear k shanmugaratnam lh sobinâ ? ¦   1996.0 
schooling and work among youth from low-income households 1979.0 s barclayâ ? ¦   
empirical model-building and response surfaces gep box nr draper 1987.0    
hydice : an airborne system for hyperspectral imaging proc . spie 1993.0 l rickard r basedow e zalewski m landers   
a report on openmath sigsam bulletin j abbot a diaz rs sutor  1996.0 
netpipe : a network protocol independent performance evaluator qo snell a mikler jl gustafson   
interactions an interactive multimedia installation d birchfield  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
demonstrationsmodell fã 1/4 r binã $ re optische rechner demonstration model for binary optical calculators ] dpa [ german ke ganzhorn p schweitzer w kulcke   
infosleuth : semantic integration of information in open and dynamic environments & hellip ; of the acm international conference on management of data ( & hellip ; b bohrerâ ? ¦   
uimplementatron of integrrty constrarntcr and vtews by query mod $ catronâ ?? m stonebraker proceedings of the 1975 acm-sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
the infant mental health specialist dj weatherston zero to three  
on the triangularization of an arbitrary matrix cp huang  submitted for  
conservative management of pelvic organ prolapse in women s hagen d stark c maher e adams cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
a survey of parallel database systems . invited talk j gray  1995.0 
social context research project : methods for facilitating the inclusion of students with cg breen ch kennedy tg haring   1991.0 
language features for interoperability of databases with schematic differences r krishnamurthy w litwin w kent proc . acmsigmod  
coyote stories of the navaho people . 1968.0 ra roessel d plateroâ ? ¦   
the chameleon effect : the perception-behavior link and social interaction tl chartrand ja bargh  journal of personality and social psychology 1999.0 
permafrost-affected soils in the pangnirtung pass area baâ ? n island canada g broll g mueller c tarnocai proceedings seventh international conference on permafrost . & hellip ;    
advanced atlas of autoantibody patternsâ © bradwell ar 1999 ar bradwell rp stokes gp mead    
the other side of the coin : crossnational similarities between social movements mg giugni mobilization-san diego - 1998.0    
id lin '' fastmap : afast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional c faloutsos andk conference on data management ( sigmod ) san jose ca    
university of washington seattle washington j felsenstein   
a password authentication scheme based upon rabinâ ?? s public-key cryptosystem proc . int . conf . systems cc chang lh wu   
quality in the classroom : classroom assessment techniques as tqm new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 e soetaert   
thermal comfort in passive solar buildings technical university of denmark hn knudsen rj de dear jw ring tl li tw   
computation hierarchy for in-network processing r kumar v tsiatsis mb srivastava   
the compass search engine for unified ranked retrieval of heterogenous xml and web data proceedings of the 30th vldb conference toronto canada j graupmann m biwer c zimmer c zimmer m bender   
ther oo7 bechmark m carey d dewitt j naughton proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod conference  
analytics on demand : the zero latency enterprise intelligent enterprise-san mateo - c white  2001.0 
research issues in automatic database clustering acm sigmod record s guinepain  2005.0 
cytoplasmic contractile elements in glomerular cells 1983.0 pm andrews ak coffey fed proc  
a search for rare b meson decays at the cern proton-antiproton collider ( abstract only ) c albajar r kinnunen j tuominiemi v karimaki m 1991.0  oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;  
rainbow : multi-xquery optimization using materialized xml views x zhang k dimitrova l wang m el sayed b murphy proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2003.0    
a multicast control scheme for parallel software-only video effects processing k patel la rowe proceedings of acm    
mocha : a self-extensible database middleware system for distributed data sources m rodriguez    
interleukin-6 ( il-6 ) as an anti-inflammatory cytokine : induction of circulating il-1 receptor h tilg e trehu mb atkins ca dinarello   
social roles and their descriptions c masolo l vieu e bottazzi c catenacci r    
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing c faloutsos ki lin data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia & hellip ;    
methotrexate for rheumatoid arthritis me suarez-almazor e belseck b shea g wells p  cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
biological recovery versus desertization economic geography 1977.0 hn le houerou   
middleware based data replication providing snapshot isolation y lin b kemme    
collaborative ontology construction for integration a farquhar r fikes w pratt j rice  technical report knowledge systems laboratory stanford  
the software process improvement paradox dn wilson t hall n baddoo  software quality management-international conference -  
searching for dependencies at multiple abstraction levels t calders rt ng j wijsen acm transactions on database systems   2002.0 
a dataflow architecture with tagged tokens '' paper no vk arvind k pingali  mit/lcs-tm -174 laboratory for computer science mit september  
optimal clustering structures for hierarchical topological design of large computer networks f kamoun l kleinrock computer networks  
intravenous prostaglandins for induction of labour cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 m luckas l bricker   
tributaries and deltas : efficient and robust aggregation in sensor network streams a manjhi s nath pb gibbons submitted for    
feline : fast elliptical lines for anisotropic texture mapping j mccormack r perry ki farkas np jouppi   
biology of simian virus 40 ( sv40 ) transplantation rejection antigen ( trag ) . v j pretell rs greenfield ss tevethia  vitro demonstration of sv40 trag in sv40-infected permissive & hellip ;  
ca-dbfast 2.0 turns database projects into windows apps pc magazine sw plain  1993.0 
the use of domain names in e-branding by the world 's top brands j murphy l raffa r mizerski electronic markets   2003.0 
a kernel design for a secure database management system . in proceedings d downs gj popek 3rd ieee conference on very large databases    
high-temperature strength of dispersionhardened single crystals ii . theory ' rsw shewfelt lm brown  phil . mag  
rechnergestã 1/4 tzte geburtsplanung und-visualisierung zur prã $ vention des menschlichen geburtstraumas procs bvm j schwarz a wischnik   
simplify : a theorem prover for program checking d detlefs g nelson jb saxe j. acm 2005.0    
heat transfer handbook ss kutateladze vm borishanskii g ] i  
semantics for null extended nested relations m levene g loizou acm transactions on database systems   1993.0 
the active learning continuum : choosing activities to engage students in the classroom cc bonwell te sutherland  new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
ed codes : keep the family out c osuagwu journal of emergency nursing 1991.0 
anticonvulsants for preventing mortality and morbidity in full term newborns with perinatal asphyxia cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 dj evans mi levene   
a high-availability scalable distributed data structure using reed solomon codes w litwin t schwarz  proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
emergency nursing in perspective : mentoring sharing supporting be marett journal of emergency nursing 2000.0 
on the partition of energy cg darwin rh fowler phil . mag  
density biased sampling : an improved method for data mining and clustering crpc faloutsos    
predicting the number and dimensio ns of key blocks of an excavation using block theory and joint ly chan re goodman proc of the 28th syrup on rock mechanics 1987.0    
invited paper 13th psi conf b unterbergâ ? ¦  1998.0 
money and search with enduring relationships unpublished manuscript d corbae j ritter   
merozoite vaccination of douroucouli monkeys against falciparum malaria lancet i 1977.0 gh mitchell whg richards ga butcher s cohen   
wittgenstein finitism and mathematical induction v rodych 1999.0    
battle of the networks : the source versus compuserv lj magid pc magazine  
kernel partial least squares regression in rkhs r rosipal lj trejo journal of machine learning research  
analysis of document structures for element type classification h ahonen b heikkinen o heinonen j jaakkola m   
disaster response : a review of the april 26 1991 kansas tornado 1993.0 k prilliman g solis m swartz k conley journal of emergency nursing  
mds codes over finite quasi-frobenius rings h horimoto k shiromoto   
practical uses of end-tidal carbon dioxide monitoring in the emergency department lj santos j varon l pic-aluas ah combs journal of emergency medicine 1994.0    
the multics kernel design project 1977.0 md schroeder dd clark jh saltzer acm sigops operating systems review  
engineering fracture mechanics s yang fg yuan   
performance evaluation of algorithms for transitive closure r kabler ye ioannidis mj carey  information systems 1992.0 
a 23-year-old with refractory seizures following an isoniazid overdose ra steinmann mk rickel journal of emergency nursing 2002.0    
fast evolution strategies x yao y liu  lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
user acceptance of information technology : inside the american home v venkatesh sa brown   
synthetic models for the 02-binding hemoproteins acc . chem . res jp collman   
fuel elements based on spherical particles with a protective coating for enhanced-safety reactors at . as chernikov ln permyakov ii fedikâ ? ¦   
combustion behaviour of low volatile australian coals . commonwealth of australia national energy iw smith development and demonstration program  
obstracles to the adoption of mobile agents ( panel ) v roth  & hellip ; conference on mobile data management ( mdmâ ?? 04 ) berkeley ( & hellip ;  
unbundling active functionality . sigmod record acms anthology  1998.0 
preparing teachers to be moral educators : a neglected duty . new directions for higher education 1980.0 t lickona   
hmso 1993 isbn rs act   
mobilizing structures and cycles of protest : post-stalinist contention in poland 1954-1959 mobilization-san diego - m osa  2001.0 
adding relevant to xml a theobald g weikum proc . sigmod/pods workshop on the web and databases  
a note on the portevin -- le chatelier effect ah cottrell phil . mag  
capitalism accumulation and the explanation of urban phenomena m edel  see boddy  
implementing lh * rs : a scalable distributed high-availability data structure m ljungstrã ¶ m master th . ( feb. 2000 ) cs dep. u. linkoping    
3d visualisation of a resistivity data setâ ?? an example from a sludge disposal site : symp appl . geophys . eng . environ . probl. procs c bernstone t dahlin p jonsson   
a simulation study of winnow and related learning algorithms unpublished manuscript n littlestone c mesterharm   
a pocketful of history . social studies and the young learner 1994.0 sl field la labbo   
3 . miller . comparing images using color coherence vectors o pass r zabih proc . of acm multimedia    
database-centric programming for wide-area sensor systems s chen pb gibbons s nath submitted for publication 2004.0 
work hardening and deformation sub-structure in iron single crystals deformed by tension at 298 k as keh  phil . mag  
kahaner report on supercomputer in japan d kahaner available via anonymous ftp from cs . arizona . edu ã cents â ? ¬ & hellip ;    
infant regulation and sleep-wake state development zero to three 1998.0 tf anders bl goodlin-jones m zelenko   
chemical models of protein beta-sheets js nowick  acc . chem . res  
common names of insects and related organisms . entomol . soc . of america college park jj bosik md  
forty-two-month impacts of vermont 's welfare restructuring project r hendra c michalopoulos    
biomechanical performance of cutting edge surgical needles fh watkins sd london jg neal jg thacker rf journal of emergency medicine 1997.0    
nodose : a tool for semi-automatically extracting structured and semi-structured data from text b adelberg  sigmod record 1998.0 
a manual for the abridged early social communication scales ( escs ) p mundy c delgado j block m venezia a hogan j unpublished manuscript    
database repairing using updates jef wijsen acm transactions on database systems   2005.0 
the oo7 bechmark acm sigmod m carey d dewitt j naughton   
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases j gray p sundaresan s englert sigmod conference 1994.0    
packing of three copies of a digraph into the transitive tournament m pilsniak   
aboriginal rugby league players : maximising participation and minimising involvement c hallinan  proceedings of the 25 thanniversary bicentennial conference & hellip ;  
geometric poisson density estimation of the number of software failures m sahinoglu ieee proc . 28th annual reliability spring seminar of the    
causal models of adolescent substance use : an examination of gender differences using distribution - m windle gm barnes j welte journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
the canonical almost complex structure on the manifold of 1-jets of pseudo-holomorphic mappings appendix p gauduchon   
automatic extraction of motion trajectories in compressed sports videos proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 h yi d rajan lt chia   
â ?? a 13.5-bit cost optimized multi-bit delta-sigma adc for adslâ ?? proceedings of the 25 thesscirc september a wiesbauer h weinberger m clara j hauptmann   
data modelling versus ontology engineering acm sigmod studer r. vr benjamins et al. ( 1998 ) . '' p spyns r meersmanâ ? ¦ data and knowledge engineering  
experimental determination of the fluid-absent melting relations in the pelitic system contributions to mineralogy and petrology 1988.0 d vielzeuf jr holloway   
are shame guilt and embarrassment distinct emotions ? jp tangney rs miller l flicker dh barrow journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0    
design and performance tools for data base systems pp chen sb yao vldb 1977.0 
agent-based semantic interoperability in infosleuth sigmod record t austin b bargmeyer ep agency  1999.0 
effect of dose on the pharmacokinetics of intravenous nicotine in the rat rp miller ks rotenberg j adir    
dtl 's dataspot : database exploration using plain language s dar g entin s geva e palmon vldb   1998.0 
hierarchical behavioural control for autonomous vehicles c voudouris p chernett cj wang vl callaghan  procs . of the 2nd ifac conf . on intelligent autonomous  
a system for interactive error detection vldb 1979.0 ga wilson   
the cydra 5 departmental supercomputer br rau dwl yen w yen ra towle ieee computer  
prosodic disambiguation in silent reading jd fodor  proceedings-nels 2002.0 
the xxl search engine : ranked retrieval of xml data using indexes and ontologies sigmod conference a theobald g weikum  2002.0 
how to implement isdns without user observability -- someremarks 1987.0 a pfitzmann acm sigsac review  
partition based spatial-merge join dj dewitt jm patel  proceedings of the 1996 acmsigmod conference montreal & hellip ;  
analysis of matrix vesicles and their role in the calcification of epiphyseal cartilage fed proc 1976.0 sy ali   
communication apprehension in the college classroom . ja daly new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
on the supposed weight and ultimate fate of radiation phil . mag o lodge   
zero-cycle loads : microarchitecture support for reducing load latency tag sohi   
â ?? specifying and modeling computer security ieee computer j mclean   
s. 2001 . a scalable content-addressable network proceedings of acm s ratnasamy p francis m handley rs karp   
the beauty of the-calculus f kamareddine rp nederpelt to    
gigabit network multicast protocols x chen   1996.0 
the social psychology of creativity : a componential conceptualization journal of personality and social psychology tm amabile   
dj dewitt and jf naughton ( 1993 ) '' the oo7 benchmark mj carey proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
theorizing adult development mc clark rs caffarella new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
functional of averaged density : application for estimation of probability density function y tikunov a kel 2004.0    
formal definition of mappings in a data base proceedings of the 1977 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1977.0 p paolini g pelagatti   
of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil mj carey dj dewitt 1996.0  vldb  
text-based content search and retrieval in ad-hoc p2p communities lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 fm cuenca-acuna td nguyen   
brill 1983 . 210 blz. -- ej leiden   
hires : the high-resolution echelle spectrometer on the keck 10-m telescope ss vogt sl allen bc bigelow l bresee b brown  proc .  
music videos miner 2003.0 l agnihotri n dimitrova j kender j zimmerman proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;  
blocks of tame representation type and related algebras k erdmann   1990.0 
linear hashing for distributed les acm sigmod int w litwin ma neimat das lh conf . on management of data washington dc    
change and love in an intimate note to the sincere seekers ss ravi-shankar  1999.0 
graduate programs in schools of education : facing tomorrow today . bl schneider new directions for higher education   1984.0 
development of a methodology for the assessment of sustainability in intensively managed forested 2003.0 jc azevedo xb wu mg messina rf fisher   
irisnet : an architecture for internet-scale sensing pb gibbons b karp y ke s nath s seshan    
making-a-case : a study of the classroom construction of academic literacy la rex 1997.0    
hail : a language for easy and correct device access proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; j sun w yuan m kallahalla n islam  2005.0 
self-tuning histograms : building histograms without looking at data aa ac s chaudhuri  proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
m. { a. neimat da schneider : lh * | linear hashing for distributed files w litwin proc . acm sigmod conference on the management of data  
markets inside telecommunications i adjali bt technology journal   1994.0 
1998 . unbundling active functionality s gatziuâ ? ¦  acm sigmod  
interleukin-6 family of cytokines and gp130 blood-new york - 1995.0 t kishimoto s akira m narazaki t taga   
inside server-based applications 1999.0 dj reilly   
enhancing pediatric primary care : cost lessons learned from pediatric pathways to success m kaplan-sanoff tw brown b zuckerman zero to three 1997.0 
feeding africa 's urban poor : urban and peri-urban horticulture in kano nigeria t binns n fereday    
color doppler in the diagnosis of ectopic pregnancy in the emergency department : is there anything m blaivas 2002.0  journal of emergency medicine  
adding semantic annotation to the penn treebank p kingsbury m palmer m marcus    
updating relational databases through weak instance interfaces p atzeni r torlone  acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
data mining on large graphs c palmer p gibbons c faloutsos proc . acm intl. conf . on sigkdd    
cospan lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 rh hardin z har ` el rp kurshan   
improved method of ga 's non-efficiency operation proceedings of the 3rd worl d congress on intelligent h yu-sheng h sheng-lian h guo-si   
national television violence study . violence in television programming overall bj wilsonâ ? ¦   1997.0 
complex objects andtnew ... . use in design transactions proceedings o [ 1983 acm sigmod conference engineering r lorie w plouffe   
analyzing and measuring the latency of the totem multicast protocols e thomopoulos le moser pm melliar-smith computer networks 1999.0 
developing and nurturing professional relationships . new directions for adult and continuing education wa howe  1993.0 
simulation estimates of the net employment impacts of an employment subsidy program for long term d greenberg d meyer c michalopoulos p robins unpublished document . new york : manpower demonstration & hellip ;    
partition testing with usage models k sayre jh poore   
visual and haptic interactions in the perception of stiffness in virtual environments aj cividanes  2000.0 
jasonmadar and raymond ng . semantic compression and pattern extraction with fascicles hv jagadish  & hellip ; of the25th international conference onverylarge  
stress coping and adult education 1990.0 sa mcclary new directions for adult and continuing education  
semantic and schematic similarities between database objects : a context-based approach v kashyap a sheth the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
notecards : a multimedia idea processing environment interactive multimedia fg halasz 1988.0    
fire history of mixed-conifer forests on the north rim grand canyon national park arizona jj wolf physical geography 1998.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?the bucky object relational benchmark '' proceedings of the sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ; mj carey dj dewitt jf naughton m asgarian p   
developing mathematical thinking in chinese kindergarten children : the case of addition and z zhou j lin international journal of educational policy research and & hellip ;  
mifepristone for induction of labour 2001.0 jp neilson cochrane database syst rev  
equi-depth multidimensional histograms proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; m muralikrishna dj dewitt  1988.0 
optimal histograms for limiting worst-case error propagation in the estimates of query optimizers y ioannidis s christodoulakis  acm trans . database syst  
inside visual c++ ch . 21 dj kruglinski  1996.0 
a checklist for developing implementing and assessing mentoring programs [ appendix ] ma wunsch  new directions for teaching and learning  
a guided tour of relational databases and beyond m levene g loizou 1999.0    
an exploration of firm-wide information technology infrastructure investment and services p weill m broadbent c butler c soh proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1995.0    
practical capillary electrophoresis p. 200 academic san diego r weinberger   
your personal computer is n't yours anymore d freeland  computerworld  
observing ants : tracking and analyzing the behavior of live insect colonies agents ( agentsâ ?? 01 ) . montreal canada . june t balch z khan m veloso   
impaired endothelium-dependent and independent vasodilation in patients with type 2 ( non-insulin - ge mcveigh gm brennan gd johnston bj mcdermott 1992.0  diabetologia  
robust tests for equality of variances h levene 1960.0  contributions to probability and statistics  
â ?? modeling technique for closure of transport equations in non-regular globular and capillary vs travkin l gratton l catton procs . asme/jsme thermal engineering joint conference    
the well-constructed webquest social studies and the young learner s kennedy  2004.0 
oral protein calorie supplementation for children with chronic disease vj poustie rl smyth rm watling cochrane database syst rev 2002.0    
options for compliance with pollution control regulation : the relationship between abatement costs g mitchell    
agents for integrated tutoring in spoken dialogue systems j hakulinen m turunen ep salonen   
scalable tcp : improving performance in highspeed wide area networks t kelly   
a language for hardware design ( version 2.0 ) d ku ghc de micheli stanford university technical report : csl-tr-90-419    
a study of shift control using the clutch pressure pattern in automatic transmission proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2003.0 w han sj yi   
reurbanization uneven urban development and the debate on new urban forms ls bourne  urban geography  
bargaining in families s lundberg ra pollak  unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
andj . f. naughton . the oo7 benchmark proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; mj carey dj dewitt   
stabilized finite element method for the navierâ ?? stokes problem yn he yp lin ww sun   
co-learning in the community 2000.0 rm curry p cunningham new directions for adult and continuing education  
version 2.0 special/microsoft windows ba photostyler    
an exploration of schema development in procedure-oriented programmers learning object-oriented proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; ml manns j nelson  1993.0 
self-synchronizing variable-length codes for image transmission wm lam ar reibman    
assessment in accelerated learning programs : a practical guide be walvoord new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
curry c and thompson bj 1963 j clift phil . mag    
ancillary reports : kernel design project . june 1977 dd clark mit/lcs/tm -87 laboratory for computer science massachusetts    
interrelatedness of prrs virus isolates in north america mp murtaugh ks faaberg s yuan v kapur  proceedings of the allen d. leman conference minneapolis & hellip ;  
antidepressant versus placebo for depressed elderly k wilson p mottram a sivanranthan a nightingale cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
inside visual c++ version 1.5 d kruglinski  1994.0 
a randomized trial of primary liver transplantation under immunosuppression with fk 506 vs j fung k abu-elmagd a jain r gordon a tzakis transplant proc   1991.0 
the small gtp-binding protein rho1 is a multifunctional protein that regulates actin localization 1997.0 k nakano r arai i mabuchi genes to cells  
assessment of the environmental impact from the construction of a dam and a reservoir s floras d pateras s raptis  demonstration case study ( ref : 639620 ) [ http://ewse . ceo . org  
the bucky object-relational benchmark ( experience paper ) mj carey dj dewitt jf naughton m asgarian p sigmod conference  
cultural norms affect oral communication in the classroom e johnson 1997.0  new directions for teaching and learning  
on non-z ( mod k ) dominating sets y caro ms jacobson    
an overview of the real-time corba specification c douglas f kuhns    
net partitions yield better module partitions j gong l hagen a kahng proc . of 29th design au-tomation gonf    
bladder training for urinary incontinence in adults 2004.0 sa wallace b roe k williams m palmer cochrane database syst rev  
on-line service adaptation for mobile and fixed terminal devices proc . of the 2nd int j korva j plomp p mã $ ã $ ttã $ m metso conf . on mobile data management ( mdm 2001 ) hong kong  
inside dynamic html 1997.0 s isaacs   
friction-induced torsional vibrations in an experimental drill-string system n mihajlovic aa van veggel n van de wouw h   
optimizing for parallelism and data locality k kennedy ks mckinley proceedings of the 6th international conference on & hellip ;   1992.0 
achieving robustness in distributed database systems acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 dl eager kc sevcik   
a model of the boundary between theâ ?? x and z growth sectors in synthetic quartz dy parpia  phil . mag  
leukemia in electrical workers in new zealand ne pearce ra sheppard jk howard j fraser bm 1985.0  lancet i  
distributed transitive closure computations : the disconnection set approach 1990.0 vldb.org vldb  
participation of area postrema in cardiovascular control in the dog kl barnes cm ferrario cl chernicky kb brosnihan 1984.0    
wingo : inside visual c++ 6.0 s kruglinski  1998.0 
rainbow fair queueing : theory and applications z cao e zegura z wang z cao e zegura z wang  computer networks 2005.0 
malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor : a fine-needle aspiration biopsy study rs mcgee jr wg ward se kilpatrick   
combined lh and ecrh waves injection in ftu tokamak g granucciâ ? ¦  proc . 28th eps conf . on control . fusion and plasma phys . ( & hellip ;  
an efficient parts-based near-duplicate and sub-image retrieval system y ke r sukthankar l huston proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
a micropower learning vector quantizer for parallel analog-to-digital data compression j lubkin g cauwenberghs    
mocha : a self-extensible database middleware system for distributed data sources mr martinez n roussopoulos acm sigmod international conference on management of data    
secondary injury mechanisms in acute spinal cord injury w young  journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia proceedings of acm sigmod 1995.0 k lin c faloutsos   
the ideal-self : schematic processing of perfectionistic content in dysphoric university students pl hewitt m genest 1990.0  journal of personality and social psychology  
pitz-paal r. price h. trough integration into power plants-a study on the performance and economy of j dersch m geyer u herrmann sa jones b kelly  solarpaces international symposium zurich switzerland  
low-flux spatial structures of mev protons at 1â ?? 10 au during quiet-time periods proc . 28th intern . cosmic ray conf k kecskemety yi logachev m zeldovich   
the side effects of fk506 in humans transplant proc 1990.0 r shapiro jj fung ab jain p parks s todo te   
an extensible classifier for semi-structured documents m tresch a luniewski  proceedings of the fourth international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
linear hashing : a new tool for le and table addressing proceedings of the international conference on very large w litwin   
major uses of psychopharmacology in the emergency department ca glod  journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
increasing capacity and decreasing dealy through mobility in ad-hoc networks r moraes h sadjadpour j garcia-luna-aceves  submitted for  
the bucky object-relational benchmark m asgarian mj carey dj dewitt j gehrke jf proc . acm sigmod conf  
fractional integrals and derivatives and some of their applications sg samko aa kilbas oi marichev 1987.0    
a prototype content-based retrieval system that uses virtual images to save space l brown proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
the development and application of data base design tools and methodology vldb 1980.0 dk jefferson   
sb-igfet : an insulated-gate field-effect transistor using schottky barrier contacts for source and proc . ieee mp lepselter sm sze   
survey of virtual machine research rp goldberg ieee computer    
serotonin ~ 1 ~ b receptor activation mimics behavioral effects of presynaptic serotonin release nl rempel cw callaway ma geyer neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
anisotropic diffusion of surface normals for feature preserving surface reconstruction t tasdizen r whitaker   
preservice teachersâ ?? development of science activities through a vee heuristic www-based peer cc tsai ssj lin sm yuan  submitted for publication  
joint rate control and entropy coding in jpeg2000 w yu f sun j fritts submitted for publication    
learning to use evidence in the study of history v grim d pace l shopkow new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
nodose { a tool for semi-automatically extracting semi-structured data from text documents . in acm b adelberg seattle washington    
independent components of relations j rissanen acm transactions on database systems 1977.0 
intraspecific plasticity in the social system and mating behaviour of a lek-breeding cichlid fish a rossiter s yamagishi see ref  
the spheresearch engine for unified ranked retrieval of heterogeneous xml and web documents 2005.0 j graupmann r schenkel g weikum 31st international conference on very large databases ( vldb & hellip ;  
nonlinear problems of elasticity ss antman   1994.0 
makeindex version 3.0 j schrod g herr  technical university darmstadt  
the ina : a simple query language with only attribute names bi blum rd semmel proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1990.0 
of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil [ z ] jc michael jd david   1996.0 
zero location with respect to the unit circle of discrete-time linear system polynomials y bistritz  proc . ieee  
how abstract machines implement head linear reduction v danos l regnier submitted for publication  
impact of ghettoization on black employment economic geography 1972.0 s davies dl huff   
database research at la trobe university sigmod record 1992.0 j zeleznikow   
412p e version isbn  
norms rather than leadership : how to manage vanishing resource and inequity c von borgstede  unpublished manuscript  
the medusa project : autonomous data management in a shared-nothing parallel database machine proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; gm bryan we moore bj curry kw lodge j geyer  1994.0 
the ants b holldobler eo wilson 1990.0    
the basic building blocks for modeling communication behavior of complex objects : an activity-driven l liu r meersman acm transactions on database systems  
trace elements in high purity copper by zeeman graphite furnace aas at . spectrosc. e sentimenti g mazzetto  1986.0 
linear hashing : a new tool for file and table addressing vldb 1980.0 w litwin   
vibronic interactions in molecules and crystals 1989.0 ib bersuker vz polinger   
fast flexible and accurate data locality analysis fj sanchez a gonzalez  procs . of pact  
on the support of dependencies in relational databases : strong approximate dependencies data mining and knowledge discovery submitted for & hellip ; i blanco m martãn - bautista d sã ¡ nchez m vila   
acceptable probability and the scale of a serious accident at a nuclear power plant at . ea ivanov lp khamâ ?? yanov   
a safety and efficacy study of op-1 as an adjunct to posterolateral lumbar fusion va patel tc e truummessâ ? ¦ thnorth american spine society meeting seattle washington  
an experimental study of dynamic algorithms for transitive closure d frigioni t miller u nanni c zaroliagis   
partition based spatial-merge join jm patel dj dewitt   
the end of shared governance : looking ahead or looking back r birnbaum  new directions for higher education 2004.0 
reducing www latency and bandwidth requirements by real-time distillation a fox ea brewer www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
automating metadata updates exemplified by the environmental data catalogue udk & hellip ; 8th international conference on management of data ( comad &#39; r nikolai a koschel r kramer   
evolution of clinical intestinal transplantation : improved outcome and cost effectiveness 1999.0 km abu-elmagd j reyes jj fung g mazariegos j transplantation proceedings  
inside ole2 k brockenschmidt   1995.0 
promoting employment in public housing communities : learning from the jobs-plus demonstration s bliss j riccio 2001.0    
s 1951 rs leigh phil . mag    
object-oriented intelligent computer-integrated design process planning and inspection m marefat s malhotra rl kashyap   
globalization and urban change pl knox urban geography 1996.0    
lsi/vlsi building blocks jr tobias  ieee computer  
nicmos instrument handbook version 2.0 stsci baltimore jw mackentyâ ? ¦  md  
weave amino acid sequences for protein secondary structure prediction x yang b wang   
irisnet : an architecture for compute-intensive wide-area sensor network services s nath a deshpande y ke pb gibbons b karp s   
but i do n't want to be a manager computerworld d davis   
matlab * p 2.0 : a unified parallel matlab r choy a edelman   
versatile structural disambiguation for semantic-aware applications f mandreoli r martoglia e ronchetti 2005.0  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;  
the usc * pack pc programs for planning monitoring and adjusting drug dosage regimens rw jelliffe dz d'argenio a schumitzky l hu m proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association & hellip ;    
serum cholesterol thyroid failure and coronary artery disease lancet i 1972.0 pb fowler h ikram so banim   
a single pass computing engine for interactive analysis of vldbs 1998.0 t mihalisin vldb  
empirical data reference behaviour in database systems j rodriguez-rossel ieee computer  
wilson ja and yoffe ad 1972 aj grant phil . mag    
connecticut post-time limit tracking study : six-month survey results d bloom r hendra ja hunter-manns j walter   1999.0 
time independent invocation in java cms 2000.0 m hof a ulbert periodica polytechnica electrical engineering  
is the argentine gdp stationary around a broken trend ? ge utrera unpublished  
effect of pharmacological agents on endoeytosis and coendocytosis oflge by rat basophilic leukemia 1985.0 k furuichi j rivera c isersky   
macmahonâ ?? s partition analysis vi : a new reduction theorem ge andrews p paule a riese  2000.0 
matching is as easy as matrix inversion k mulmuley uv vazirani vv vazirani proceedings of the nineteenth annual acm conference on & hellip ; 1987.0 
lh * s : a high-availability and high-security scalable distributed data structure w litwin ma neimat    
descriptive name services for large internets jj ordille  1993.0 
braid : stream mining through group lag correlations y sakurai s papadimitriou c faloutsos  proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
access to objects by path expressions and rules . vldbâ ?? 94 proceedings of 20th international conference on very large & hellip ; j frohn g lausen h uphoff   
the radiance lighting simulation and rendering system gj ward proceedings of siggraph 1994.0 
the health of poor urban women : findings from the project on devolution and urban change df polit as london jm martinez    
lazy induction of descriptions for relational case-based learning . in de raedt l. & flach p. e armengol e plaza machine learning : ecml-2001    
a functional framework for web-based information visualisation systems m berder r klein a disch a ebert  ieee transactions on visualization and computer graphics  
comparaison de smllr et de smap pour une adaptation au locuteur en utilisant des modã ¨ les f lauri i illina d fohr proceedings of the xxivã ¨ mes journã © es d &#39; etude sur la parole  
a literature review and critical analysis of school violence and teachersâ ?? perception of the zero dr konter 2000.0    
carboplatin and etoposide with hyperfractionated radiotherapy in children with newly diagnosed aw walter a gajjar js ochs jw langston ra    
dj 1996 . of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil mj carey t dewit    
balkan ghosts . a journey through history rd kaplan   
developing scalable protocols for three-metric qos routing lhmk costa s fdida ocmb duarte 2002.0  computer networks  
academic administrative internships . tm stauffer new directions for higher education 1978.0 
partial order reductions preserving simulations w penczek submitted for publication 1999.0    
unbundling active functionality current trends in data management technology idea group & hellip ; a koschel s gatziu g von bultzingsloewen h   
performance analysis of optical cdma with prime codes gc yang wc kwong  1995.0 
fuzzy logic guidance and obstacle avoidance algorithms for autonomous vehicle control jw baxter jr bumby  procs . of the int . workshop on intell . autonomous  
incoherent optical correlators ma monahan k bromley rp bocker  ieee proceedings 1977.0 
fat and protein utilization during migratory flight proc . int . ornithol . congr l jenni s jenni-eiermann   
talk presented at the quantum electronics and laser science conference ( qels ) baltimore c salomon  md  
using a template for a summarizing assessment of the teachers academy for mathematics and science new directions for program evaluation b brett  1996.0 
moral identity and the expanding circle of moral regard toward out-groups a reed kf aquino  journal of personality and social psychology 2003.0 
el hagen & j. rosenfeld m saunders p vogel acc . chem . res  
improved landscape metrics for environmental monitoring and assessment rc frohn phd university of california santa barbara ( ucsb )  
the007 benchmark 1993 acm sigmod international conference on management of m carey d dewitt j naughton   
parallel multisource view maintenance x zhang l ding ea rundensteiner the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0    
the history of fortran history of programming languages j backus   
the windows way to web services microsoft 's web services approach may be the easiest but at what t yager  microsoft . net  
the bucky object-relational benchmark dj dewitt m carey j naughton m asgarian j   1997.0 
universality of serial histograms ye ioannidis vldb 1993.0 
architecture and implementation of the darmstadt database kernel system . acm-sigmod hb paulâ ? ¦ proc . int . conf . on management of data san francisco    
self-tuning histograms : building histograms without looking at data 1999.0 a aboulnaga s chaudhuri sigmod conference  
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions y alon ar levy jo joann the proc . of the int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb ) & hellip ;    
creativity and adult education 1999.0 pj edelson new directions for adult and continuing education  
database research at the university of oklahoma l brown r dirckze s guinepain c sanchez b acm sigmod record 1999.0    
piranha : a hunter of crashed corba objects ieee computer s maffeis   
an improved correlation for predicting two-phase flow boiling heat transfer coefficient in 21 stnational heat transfer conference seattle washington & hellip ; sg kandlikar   
name-tracing using the icl content addressable filestore ag ward vldb 1984.0 
an object-oriented system for engineering applications a kemper pc lockemann m wallrath  proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
case fights to beat â ?? all talk no actionâ ?? image . n margolis  computerworld  
leaf blade stomatal densities of ten warm-season perennial grass and their evapotranspiration rate dm casnoff rl green jb beard proc . int . turfgrass res . conf  
curry : a truly functional logic language m hanus h kuchen    
stress levels jump ; it burnout feared t ouellette computerworld  
work by secondary school students in scotland j mckechnie s stack s hobbs  international journal of educational policy research and & hellip ;  
univeratility of serial histograms y ioannidis  proceedings of the 19th vldb conference  
blood flow in simple microchannels 2000.0 w chang d trebotich lp lee d liepmann see ref  
practical suffix tree construction s tata ra hankins jm patel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
an adaptive interactive agent for route adivce ' the third annual conference on autonomous agents s rogers cn fiechter p langley 1999.0    
projections and chemical coding of neurons with immunor eactivity for nitric oxide synthase in the m costaâ ? ¦   
association of apolipoprotein b gene variants with plasma apob and ldl cholesterol levels s deeb a failor bg brown j brunzell j albers   1990.0 
the eect of latency on user performance in warcraft iii n sheldon e girard s borg m claypool e agu 2003.0  proceedings of acm netgames  
previews and overviews in digital libraries : designing surrogates to support visual information s greene g marchionini c plaisant b shneiderman   
induction of icam-1 on hepatocyte membranes during liver allograft rejection and infection 1990.0 g steinhoff m behrend r pichlmayr trans . proc  
computer performance modeling handbook ss lavenberg   1983.0 
tridimensional personality questionnaire version 4 unpublished manuscript cr cloninger   
challenges of the introductory course . new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 re dunham m gleason   
growth deficit and chronic exposure to arsenic and lead modify neuropsychological responses in j calderã ³ n me navarro me jimã © nez-capdeville a   
a linear-time algorithm for a special case of disjoint set union hn gabow re tarjan proceedings of the fifteenth annual acm symposium on theory & hellip ;   1983.0 
fm-cw doppler radar signal processing for precipitation measurements conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 lp ligthart lr nieuwkerk js van sinttruijen   
the interactions of teaching improvement . kt brinko  new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
bounded latency scheduling scheme for atm cells s dolev a kesselman computer networks 2000.0    
data modelling versus ontology engineering p spyns r meersman sigmod record   2002.0 
are quorums an alternative for data replication ? 2003.0 r jimenez-peris m patino-martinez g alonso b acm transactions on database systems  
energy transfer and excimer formation in rare gas solids ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1984.0 wf scott   
an experimental and theoretical study of high repetition rate q-switched nd : yag lasers rb chesler ma karr je geusic proc . ieee    
interaction of drugs with microtubule proteins l wilson jr bamburg sb mizel lm grisham km 1974.0  fed proc  
yu . i. matyunin and tv smelova â ?? induction melting in a cold crucible for mobilizing plutonium - vv kushnikov at .    
contingent influence diagrams rm fung rd shachter  unpublished manuscript  
mutual disambiguation of recognition errors in a multimodal architecture sl oviatt   
direct transitive closure algorithms : design and performance evaluation r agrawal s dar hv jagadish acm transactions on database systems 1990.0    
integrated ferroelect r macquart bj kennedy ba hunter cj howard y   2002.0 
examination of fission frag m ent tracks with an electron microscope 1959.0 ech silk rs barnes   
hp finite element approximations on nonmatching grids for the stokes problem l filippini a toselli technical report eth zurich switzerland    
effect of feeding on peripheral circadian rhythms and behaviour in mammals genes to cells 2004.0 h kobayashi k oishi s hanai n ishida   
sequences of proteins of immunological interest 5th ed. national institutes of health bethesda ea kabat tt wu hm perry ks gottesman c foeller  md  
computer science and statistics cj geyer proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface edited  
dax : a dynamically adaptive distributed system for processing complex continuous queries b liu y zhu m jbantova e rundensteiner vldb demo    
effects of climate dump closure and other factors on yellowstone grizzly bear litter size sf stringham international conference bear research and management    
behavioral audiogram and masked thresholds of the megachiropteran echolocating bat rousettus ra suthers ca summers  journal of comparative physiology a : sensory neural and & hellip ; 1980.0 
barrier agents for preventing adhesions after surgery for subfertility cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 c farquhar p vandekerckhove a watson a vail d   
density biased sampling : an improved method for data mining and clustering cr palmer 2000.0  sigmod conference  
induction of heterotypic neutralizing antibodies by rotavirus-like particles se crawford mk estes m ciarlet c barone cm o submitted for  
rainbow turan problems p keevash d mubayi b sudakov j verstraete    
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases p sundaresan k baclawski s englert j gray   
unit and kernel systems in algebraic frames j martä ± nez   
version 3.5 j felsenstein ppi package  university of washington seattle  
the halo effect : evidence for unconscious alteration of judgments re nisbett td wilson journal of personality and social psychology    
air synthetic force development e harvey p feldmann  position paper engineering demonstration  
corba and object services j kleindienst f plasil p tuma proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ; 1996.0 
session : acm multimedia art exhibit : digital boundaries table of contents 2004.0 w yang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;  
streblonema ( phaeophyceae ) infection in the frond of cultivated undaria ( phaeophyceae ) t yoshida k akiyama  proc . int . seaweed symp  
familial true hermaphroditism : paternal and maternal transmission of true hermaphroditism ( 46 xx ) u kuhnle hp schwarz u lã ¶ hrs s stengel - human genetics 1993.0    
estimating life insurance needs : an empirical investigation of buyer preferences rs elliott  proceedings of the 25 thannual meeting of the midwest & hellip ;  
image-based modeling and rendering with geometric proxy proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 amk siu rwh lau   
pas areanu cs robby visser w. and zhen h. 2001 . tool-supported program abstraction for finite - mb dwyer j hatcliff r joehanes s laubach proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software  
methodology for development and employment of ontology based knowledge management applications y sure s staab  sigmod record 2002.0 
introduction to the special issue on semantic integration acm sigmod record ah doan nf noy ay halevy  2004.0 
research at alta'ir 1991.0 gip altgir sigmod record  
proxy prex caching for multimedia streams s subhabrata j rexford d towsley  cmpsci technical report 98-27 university of massachusetts  
leadersâ ?? opinions of elements in establishing a high-performing people-centered culture 2001.0 kl davis   
on the power of canonical queries mh graham ao mendelzon unpublished manuscript    
universal contentâ ?? extracting the essence o draper d beaumont 2000.0  bt technology journal  
general systems theory-the skeleton of science management science ke boulding  1956.0 
the bucky object-relational benchmark mj carey sigmod rec   1997.0 
xml-based flexible visualisation of networks : visual browser z neverilova p sojka   2005.0 
a novel variance estimator for turbo-code decoding mc reed j asenstorfer   
emulation of ad-hoc networks on ieee 802.11 2000.0 f kubinszky   
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia c faloutsos ki lin md  
reconstruction and representation of 3d objects with radial basis functions jcc rkb jb cherrie tj mitchell wr fright bc mc  proceedings of acm siggraph 2001  
developing community through experiential education s rubin 2000.0  new directions for higher education  
two-dimensional echocardiogram in hemodynamically stable victims of penetrating precordial trauma . m aaland f bryan r sherman journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
multiple access protocols : performance and analysis r rom m sidi   1990.0 
herbal and dietary therapies for primary and secondary dysmenorrhoea cochrane database syst rev ml wilson pa murphy  2001.0 
learning mixtures of bayes networks ( tech . rep. nos . msrâ ?? porâ ?? 97â ?? 30 ) b thiesson c meek dm chickering d heckerman microsoft research    
a support vector machine with a hybrid kernel and minimal vapnik-chervonenkis dimension y tan j wang knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0    
workflow management through distributed and persistent corba workflow objects m weske lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
irisnet : an architecture for internet-scale sensing services s nath a deshpande y ke pb gibbons b karp s  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
the brain and consciousness : sources of information for understanding adult learning lh hill new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
low load latency through sum-addressed memory w lynch g lauterbach j chamdani proceedings of the 25 thinternational symposium on computer & hellip ;    
this is n't kansas anymore toto : team teaching online new directions for adult and continuing education g strohschen t heaney  2000.0 
species interactions dc culver see ref  
the struggle for self-sufficiency : participants in the self-sufficiency project talk about work 1995.0 w bancroft sc vernon   
on the densification process of porous materials under uniaxial compression : theory and experiments a shirizly j tirosh l rubinski   1996.0 
foreign body ingestions in the emergency department : case reports and review of treatment ke blaho ks merigian sl winbery lj park m journal of emergency medicine 1998.0    
mocha : a self-extensible middleware system for distributed data sources proc . acm sigmod m rodriguez-martinez n roussopoulos   
knowledge-based geological visualisation using avs im brown mj herbert   
improving register allocation for subscripted variables d callahan s carr k kennedy   
terminating the trellis of turbo codes in the same state 1995.0 sa barbulescu ss pietrobon   
the zero latency enterprise d liles 2000.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
access to objects by path expressions and rules j frohn g lausen h uphoff proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
game state and event distribution using proxy technology and application layer multicast proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; kh vik  2005.0 
wrapping web information providers by transducer induction . in de raedt l. and flach p. eds b chidlovskii european conference on machine learning ( ecml 2001 )  
implementing and maintaining a classroom research program for faculty . ne stetson new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
applying reinforcement learning to instruction scheduling within basic blocks d scheeff c brodley e moss j cavazos d  submitted for publication  
multiprocessor hash-based join algorithms d dewitt21 dewittâ ? ¦ proceedings of  
chemical engineersâ ?? s handbook . jh perry   
boundary structure and curvature of convex bodies r schneider contributions to geometry    
microtheme strategies for developing cognitive skills jc bean d drenk fd lee new directions for teaching and learning : teaching writing & hellip ;    
folding pathways of a helix-turn-helix model protein d hoffmann ew knapp    
systems and prototypes j patel acm sigmod record   2002.0 
illiberal education : the politics of race and sex on campus 1991   1991.0 
efficient factorization of linear ode 's f schwarz    
unveiling some of the mystery of professional judgment in classroom assessment new directions for teaching and learning bw speck  1998.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil '' mj carey dj dewitt  & hellip ; conferenceonverylargedatabases bombay india september  
data base machines with large content-addressable blocks and structural information processors ds kerr ieee computer    
tumours of the jaws in the eastern cape . t perl 1969.0  proc int acad oral pathol  
integration fever computerworld m kennedy   
a framework for modeling and evaluating automatic semantic reconciliation a gal a anaby-tavor a trombetta d montesi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
interactions and reactions in reserved miceues jh fendler acc . chem . res    
spatial interactions among employment and population groups c bollinger k ihlanfeldt 2000.0    
looking beyond bakke . aw astin new directions for higher education 1978.0    
unbundling active functionality s gatziu a koschel h fritschi  sigmod record 1998.0 
improving pointer-based codes through cache-conscious data placement t chilimbi j larus m hill submitted for publication  
circulating icam-1 in amniotic fluid maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein levels and intrauterine c salafia e mainolfi p almaguer ja kelly j  1992.0 
an algorithm for convex polytopes dr chand ss kapur journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1970.0    
adapting to route-demand and mobility in ad hoc network routing computer networks 2002.0 s ahn au shankar   
examples for the algorithmic calculation of formal puisieux laurent and power series w koepf acm sigsam bulletin 1993.0    
visualisation interactive dâ ?? information m hascoã `` t m beaudouin-lafon    
database research at the university of oklahoma . 1999.0 acms anthology sigmod record  
clamp and clamp loader structures of the human checkpoint protein complexes rad9-1-1 and rad17-rfc y shiomi a shinozaki d nakada k sugimoto j genes to cells   2002.0 
modelling information preserving information databases : consequences of the concept of timeâ '' proc . 9th int . conf . on vldb florence italie mr klopproge pc lockeman   
comparison between zeeman and continuum background correction for graphite furnace aas on at . spectrosc. 1987.0 v letourneau   
information literacy : developing students as independent learners jk olsen new directions for higher education  
becoming critically reflective through action reflection learning tm . new directions for adult and continuing education joâ ?? neil vj marsick  1994.0 
algorithms for decoding turbo codes and ldpc codes j feldman d karger m wainright    
multiscale entropy for semantic description of images and signals jl starck f murtagh f bonnarel   2000.0 
activation of thalamocortical projections related to tremorogenic processes d albe-fessard g guiot y lamarre g arfel  see rel  
secondary index optimization proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1975.0 m schkolnick   
dispersal patterns of maternal polar bears from the denning concentration on wrangel island gw garner se belikov ms stishov vg barnes sa  international conference on bear research and management  
bristle blocks : a silicon compiler '' proc 16 thacm ieee dac d johansen san diego june    
schematic and semantic similarities between database objects : a context-based approach vldb journal v kashyap a sheth   
analog modeling language spans all system design levels i getreu electronic design  
performance of a database manager in a virtual memory system 1976.0 sw sherman rs brice acm transactions on database systems  
version 2.01 gw basic copyright microsoft    
the role of diuretic agents in the management of acute renal failure r venkataram ja kellum 2001.0  contributions to nephrology  
star-cubing : computing iceberg cubes by top-down and bottom-up integration proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; d xin j han x li bw wah  2003.0 
rainbow : distributed database system for classroom education and experimental research proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; a helal h li  2000.0 
interatomic interactions in the local density approximation ( abstract only ) oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 ap seitsonen mj puska rm nieminen   
leningrad physico-technical institute reports la sliv im band part i  
a new method for isolation of murine islets with markedly improved yields m liu me shapiro  transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
activity-driven clock design for low power circuits 1995.0 ge tã © llez a farrahi m sarrafzadeh proceedings of the 1995 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;  
supra 495 f lp riles supp . at  
lariat ether receptor systems show experimental evidence for alkali metal cation-ï ? interactions sc interactions acc . chem . res   2002.0 
rising sun : imode and the wireless internet 2003.0 sj barnes sl huff communications-acm  
millimeter wave magnetrons with secondary emission cathode : theory and experiments proc . conf . dig . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter vd naumenko dm vavriv   
reconciling schemas of disparate data sources : a machine-learning approach sigmod conference a doan p domingos ay halevy  2001.0 
protein based optical computing and optical memories rr birge  ieee computer  
the quantum theory of radiation and line spectra phil . mag w wilson   
south dakota state university m ed  ph. d. university of california santa  
on the influence of the kernel on the consistency of support vector machines i steinwart  journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
jo querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions ay levy a rajaraman proceedings of the 22th international conference on very    
r. desjardins widearea technologies and services in the trans-pacific high data rate ( hdr ) e hsu c hung n kadowaki n yoshimura t proceedings of the 23rd pacific telecommunications  
advancing service-learning at research universities a furco  new directions for higher education 2001.0 
the uses of ecology : lake washington and beyond.â ?? university of washington press wt edmondson seattle washington    
semantic interoperability in information services : a gal  sigmod record 1999.0 
automatically identifying reusable components in object-oriented legacy code lh etzkorn cg davis  ieee computer  
about beamlab a toolbox for new multiscale methodologies cs choi dl donoho ag flesia x huo o levi d    
the role of simulation in developing game playing strategies rp jones dj thuente    
exploiting underlying structure for detailed reconstruction of an internet-scale event a kumar v paxson n weaver    
critical selected stability constants of metal complexes database version 2.0 national institute ae martell rm smith rj motekaitis md  
a and pitt gd 1971 phil . mag ja wilson   
special issue on data management analysis and mining for the life sciences t gaasterland h jagadish l raschid the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2005.0 
education attainment and the geography of choice m bradford  geography  
packet classification on multiple fidels g pankaj n mckeown proceedings of sigcomm    
computational complexity of itemset frequency satisfiability t calders    
snakes and sandwiches : optimal clustering strategies or a warehouse hv jagadish lv lakshmanan d srivastava  proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod conference philadelphia  
diel and seasonal occurrence of inmature fishes in a louisiana tidal pass . 161-170 p ds sabins fm truesdale proc . 28th ann . se assoc. game and fish . comm. white sulfur & hellip ;    
balkan ( endemic ) nephropathy and a toxin-producing strain of â ?? penicillium verrucosumâ ?? var â ?? jm barnes pkc austwick rl carter fv flynn gc lancet i   1977.0 
a new fast and accurate kinetic code for the study of the low frequency dynamics in a magnetised c marchetto f califano m lontano proc . 29th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;    
multiobjective evolutionary algorithms applied to two problems in the telecommunications bt technology journal dk joshua jo martin wc david   
a kernel for temporally correct reactive systems m ackerman  msc thesis computer science department university of  
research in database engineering at the university of namur jl hainaut sigmod record   2003.0 
data selection for support vector machine classification g fung ol mangasarian proceedings kdd-2000 : knowledge discovery and data mining & hellip ;    
the postural comfort zone for reaching gestures m kã ¶ lsch a beall m turk   
linear hashing for distributed files w litwin ma neimat d schneider  acm-sigmod international conference on management of data  
complex objects and thetr use m design transacuons r lone w plouffe  proc database week sigmod may  
guest editorsâ ?? introduction : special section on peer-to-peer-based data management ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 ef bertino ac squicciarini   
linear hashing : a new tool for le and table addressing . montreal canada 1980 w litwin  proc . of  
adaptive classification of web documents to users interests g potamias   
end e. fernandez.â ?? a programming lenguage for access to a shared data base â ?? r summers c coleman proc . acm  
private communication : at mt = 175 gev and s = 2.0 tev the resummed next-to-leading order tt cross at e laenen   
guest editorsâ ?? introduction to the special section on scientific workflows b ludascher c goble sigmod record 2005.0 
computer simulation of a regional housing system dw sears proc . acm urban symposium    
flow-directed lightweight closure conversion by jm siskind   
assessing the work environment for creativity tm amabile r conti h coon j lazenby m herron the academy of management journal 1996.0 
hybrid transitive closure algorithms vldb 1990.0 r agrawal hv jagadish   
tutorial on information visualisation m chalmers vldb conference    
uml in a nutshel ss alhir   
training secondary school computer science educators acm sigcue outlook 1975.0 j statz   
traumatic anterior lens dislocation : a case report-bilateral lenticular dislocation ke netland j martinez oj lacour pa netland  journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
r. gupta . 1996 . '' compiled communication for all-optical tdm networks x yuan r melhem proc . ieee/acm supercomputing pittsburgh  
an experimental vm/370 based information system vldb jj donovan r fessel sg greenberg lm gutentag   
data modelling versus ontology engineering sigmod records r meersmanâ ? ¦   
exploring potential benefits of the semantic web for virtual organizations v iosif y sure pakm to appear  
efficient management of transitive relationships in large data bases r agrawal a borgida hv jagadish   
head modeling from pictures and morphing in 3d with image metamorphosis based on triangulation ws lee n magnenat-thalmann  lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
the documentary structure of source code cs.utah.edu    
why has ipo underpricing changed over time ? t loughran j ritter   
design techniques for transformer active reset circuits at high frequencies and power levels 1990.0 b carsten   
complex objects and their use in design transactions r lop lode w plouffe engineering design application proceedings from sigmod & hellip ;    
neuromuscular blocking agents in the emergency department 1996.0 ma rubin n sadovnikoff journal of emergency medicine  
protest and the scale politics of telecommunications political geography 1996.0 pc adams   
nontraditional-aged women and the dissertation : a case study approach ks lenz new directions for higher education   1997.0 
using genetic algorithms to work out index configurations for the class-hierarchy indexing in object hj song jh ahn hj kim 2000.0  information & software technology  
how to implement an employment-focused approach to welfare reform a brown  work first how-to guide manpower research demonstration & hellip ;  
synopsis diffusion for robust aggregation in sensor networks s nath pb gibbons s seshan z anderson 2004.0  proceedings of vldb  
analysis of the kernel estimation of the density of functions of random variables ia ahmad ar mugdadi  2000.0 
an information exploration environment sigmod report 25 ( 4 ) ca spotfire  1996.0 
structural evolution of a slow-spreading ridge g hirth b ildefonse be john pw trimby a  submitted for publication  
analysis of the interactions of host plant resistance phytophagous and entomophagous species ap gutierrez see ref    
an overview of the real-time corba specification dc schmidt f kuhns   
mocha : a database middleware systems featuring automatic deployment of application-specific m rodrãguez - martãnez n roussopoulos jm mcgann  acm sigmod record 2000.0 
comments on bancilhon and spyratos ' `` update semantics and relational views '' . dvd version acmsa dvd acm trans . database syst. 1987.0 
soot-a java optimization framework r vallee-rai l hendren v sundaresan p lam e proceedings of cascon  
2.0 specification oompf version    
the minnesota family investment program : three-year follow-up findings on child and family outcomes la gennetian c miller  2001.0 
phylip manual j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
implementing classroom research in a state university : a developmental process . e berry new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
developing and maintaining accelerated degree programs within traditional institutions wj husson t kennedy new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
direct algorrthmi for computmg the transrtlve closure of database relations a agrawal hv jagadlsh  proc international conference on very large data bases  
supporting application development in the semantic web d oberle s staab r studer r volz acm transactions on internet 2004.0    
querying heterogeneous information sources using source descriptions proceedings of the 22 ndvldb mumbai ( bombay ) ay levy a rajaraman jj ordille   
ata a names at    
the rialto virtual memory system rp draves g odinak sm cutshall   
causes of epilepsy : contributions of the rochester epidemiology project mayo clinic proceedings 1996.0 jf annegers wa rocca wa hauser   
death and the loss of civilized prã © dation among the piaroa of the orinoco basin j overing see ref   1993.0 
a robust category guesser for dutch medical language p spyns    
rainbow smelt ( osmerus mordax ) spawning habitat in the weymouth-fore river massachusetts division of marine fisheries technical report & hellip ; bc chase ar childs   
the ferns and fern-allies of maryland and delaware including district of columbia . reed herbarium cf reed md    
synthetic pet imaging for grasping : from primate neurophysiology to human behavior ma arbib ah fagg st grafton submitted for publication   2000.0 
a framework for information visualisation sigmod record 1996.0 jb kennedy kj mitchell pj barclay   
a contingency model for the selection of decision strategies the academy of management review lr beach tr mitchell  1978.0 
george orwell 's opaque glass in '' 1984 '' jo lyons g orwell 1961.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature  
yu . a. nikolaev et al. â ?? influence of neutron flux density on radiation embrittlement of vvã?r -440 va nikolaenko ea krasikov at .  
urban liveability : a review m pacione  urban geography  
use of the trousseau dilator in cricothyrotomy-a decade of experience in denver kj bramwell dp davis tv cardall e yoshida gm journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
the early history and characteristics of pl/i g radin history of programming languages 1978.0 
higher homotopy groups of complements of complex hyperplane arrangements preprint arxiv : math s papadima a suciu   
mineset ( tm ) : a system for high-end data mining and visualization mkp inc int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb &#39; 96 ) bombay india   1996.0 
â ?? inchworm inchworm measuring the marigoldsâ ?? : biometry in action â ?? inaugural lecture series jn perry isbn    
building a visual ontology for video retrieval l hollink m worring at schreiber    
design of a high-power sheet beam klystron dul yu pb wilson aip conference proceedings 1992.0    
dunbeath : whittles 2005 . 851 pp g milligan   
faculty goals and methods of instruction : approaches to classroom assessment . ds guthrie  new directions for higher education 1992.0 
modeling and control of induction motors e delaleau jp louis r ortega   
on experiments with a transport protocol for pervasive computing environments 2002.0 s avancha v korolev a joshi t finin y yesha computer networks  
self-management in chaotic wireless deployments a akella g judd s seshan p steenkiste 2005.0  proceedings of acm mobicom  
the talk of the internet . jc dvorak  pc magazine  
mocha : a self-extensible middleware system for distributed data sources proc . acmsigmod m rodrä ± guez-martä ± nez n roussopoulos   
prj stergrd and r. aus dem spring asymptotic behaviour of optimal circle packings in a square kj nurmela submitted for    
at al. analysis of low density parity check codes and improved designs using irregular graphs [ a ] mg luby m mitzenmacher proc acm symp  
generalized partition testing via bayes linear methods 2001.0 fpa coolen m goldstein m munro information & software technology  
feedforward control of waves in lattice elements jh williams jr ga norris ss lee 1985.0    
brain computerized tomography after hyperbaric oxygen therapy for carbon monoxide poisoning . j pracyk b stolp c fife journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
cross talk of the interferon-alpha/beta signalling complex with gp130 for effective interleukin-6 y mitani a takaoka sh kim y kato t yokochi n  genes to cells 2001.0 
hong kong busks asia services trend computerworld a foley   
semexâ ?? an efficient music retrieval prototype k lemstrom s perttu proceedings ismir 2000.0    
chameleon : an extensible and customizable tool for web data translation r torlone p atzeni  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
mocha : a self-extensible database middleware system for distributed data sources 2000.0 m rodrä ± guez-martä ± nez n roussopoulos proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
solar-thermal electric technology p de laquil iii d kearney m geyer r diver see ref    
agent-based semantic integration of information in open and dynamic environments rj bayardo w bohrer r brice a cichocki g acm sigmod record vol . 26 no. 2 ( june 1997 ) sigmodâ ?? 97 .  
optimizing web queries through semantic caching b chidlovskii c roncancio ml schneider    
control-sensitive feature selection for lazy learners f domingos artificial intelligence review   1997.0 
history and purpose of arizona forfei ture under ars sections 13-4301 c holmes  1990.0 
enterprise business planning : enabling the zero latency enterprise b vinod t bhatia i2 planet    
a new approach to current density impedance imaging kf hasanov aw ma rs yoon ai nachman ml joy   
computational methods for fast and accurate dna fragment assembly cf allex   1999.0 
simonoff . theuseofregression methodology forthecompromiseofcon dential informationin acm transactions on database systems ma palley andje reys   
efficient updates to independent schemes in the weak instance model p atzeni r torlone proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1990.0    
risperidone versus typical antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia e kennedy f song r hunter a clarke s gilbody cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
non-kekule molecules-theory practice and uses 1988.0 pm lahti a ichimura d modarelli m kearley   
bisphosphonates for steroid induced osteoporosis j homik a cranney b shea p tugwell g wells r cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
lh * -- a scalable distributed data structure acm transactions on database systems w litwin ma neimat da schneider  1996.0 
larger sperm outcompete smaller sperm in the nematode caenorhabditis elegans proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 cw lamunyon s ward   
guangr . gao herbert hj hum kevin theobald and xin-min tian . polling watchdog : combining polling o maquelin  proceedings of the 23rd annual international symposium on & hellip ;  
atic experiment : elemental spectra from the ight in 2000 hs ahn jh adams g bashindzhagyanâ ? ¦ proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf. tsukuba  
