linear algebra and its applications harcourt brace jovanovich g strang san diego    
a resource for your cosmetology career   2000 edition s fundamentals   
students in learning groups : active learning through conversation c bouton   ry garth learning in groups   new directions for teaching and  
interactive med . 3d-simulations by means of stereoscopy and standard hardware h wã ¶ rn   j mã 1/4 hlingâ ? ¦ rechner-u . sensorgestã 1/4 tzte chirurgie-procs   gi    
ariadne : a system for constructing mediators for internet sources ( demonstration ) j ambite   n ashish   g barish   a knoblock   s minton proceedings of acm sigmodâ ?? 98 conference on management of & hellip ;    
ii   fundamentals of parallel logic simulation rj smith proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;    
parametric query optimization for linear and piecewise linear cost functions ah hs02   s sudarshan  2002.0 
presynaptic localization of sodium/calcium exchangers in neuromuscular preparations pw luther   rk yip   rj bloch   a ambesi   ge   
the formulation of molecular quantum mechanics with the aid of particle density operators and phase m schleicher & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;   1974.0 
description of the picture of a city j stefanou   j stefanou athens   greece : ntua publications    
discrete subgroups of semisimple lie groups ga margulis  1991.0 
a direct particle simulation method for hypersonic rarified ow jd mcdonald technical report 411   stanford university   march  
the distribution of electrons among atomic levels ec stoner phil . mag    
experimental results on qcd from cleo ii t browder proc . 28th international conference on high energy physics    
vancomycin for prophylaxis against sepsis in preterm neonates ap craft   nn finer   kj barrington cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
hardware technology trends and database opportunities d patterson   k keeton   
eigenvalue problem for linear 2 nx 2-ports ag onishchuk radiotekhnika i elektronika   1978.0 
querying multiple features of groups in relational databases d chatziantoniou   ka ross proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
use of the weiss-weinstein bound to compare the direction-finding performance of sparse arrays df delong  1993.0 
atomic energy research establishment report no . tp 232 ( revised )   harwell   england ( unpublished ) im boswarva   ab lidiard phil . mag    
a content based image retrieval system based on the fuzzy artmap architecture m uysal   f yarman-vural proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
30 . pp edwards and mj sienko l francis acc . chem . res    
efficient processing of expressive node-selecting queries on xml data in secondary storage : a tree c koch proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
promise : peer-to-peer media streaming using collectcast m hefeeda   a habib   b botev   d xu   b bhargava proceedings of acm multimedia   2003.0 
agricultural biotechnology : critical issues and recommended responses from the land-grant abt force md    
real estate war in cyberspace : an emerging electronic market ? k crowston   rt wigand   
the role of athletics in student development . n sanford new directions for higher education   1973.0 
out of the depths   an autobiographical study of mental disorder and religious experience . at boisen  1960.0 
determination of low levels of cadmium in blood by electrothermal atomization and atomic absorption ht delves   j woodward at spectrosc    
quantum groups proc vg drinfeld proc . int . congr . math.   berkeley    
the role of the grants officer lw willard new directions for higher education   2002.0 
kanata : adaptation and evolution in data sharing systems p andritsos   a fuxman   a kementsietsidis   rj acm sigmod record   2004.0 
calculating upward and downward simulations of state-based specifications j derrick   e boiten information and software technology   1999.0 
first-year impacts p patterns new york : manpower  
a survey of protein variation in populations of the pacific oyster   crassostrea gigas   92 pp . m. sci ne buroker thesis   university of washington   seattle   washington 1975  
transformational morphology of the greek noun a malikouti-drachman athens   greece    
from ternary relationship to relational tables : a case against common beliefs sigmod record   2002 sigmod record   2002.0 
technical article : understanding performance testing a ching   a wagner  2001.0 
discrete fairing l kobbelt proceedings of the seventh ima conference on the mathematics & hellip ;   1997.0 
adiabatic invariants and the theory of quanta p ehrenfest phil . mag    
surgical interruption of pelvic nerve pathways for primary and secondary dysmenorrhoea ml proctor   cm farquhar   oj sinclair   np johnson cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
video transport over wireless channels : a cycle-based approach for rate control m hassan   l atzori   m krunz proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
test challenges for deep sub-micron technologies tc kwang   d sujit proc 37th acm/ieee dac    
a complete mechanization of ! - order type theory . '' t pietrzykowski   dc jensen proceedings of acm annual conference 1972.0 
numerical document queries h seidl   t schwentick   a muscholl   
differential vector quantization of achromatic imagery rl baker   rm gray proc . int . picture coding symp    
declaration on religious liberty dignitatis humanae   n. 3 . 4 ibid . 9 ibid . n. 65 ii vatican council   
efficient code distribution in wireless sensor networks n reijers   k langendoen proceedings of the 2nd acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
equi-depth histogramsforestimatingselectivityfactorsfor multidimensional queries m muralikrishna   dj dewitt proc . acm  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?compiled - directed data prefetching in multiprocessors with memory hierarchyã cents â ? ¬ â ? eh gomish   ed granston   av veidenbnum procs . of 17th isca    
work initiatives for welfare recipients : lessons from a multi-state experiment jm gueron  1986.0 
support systems and community mental health g caplan new york    
mission to planet earth/earth observing system reference handbook   nasa goddard space flight center   g asrar   r greenstone md    
tool support for object-oriented patterns g florijn   m meijers   p van winsen lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
perception   imagery   and science rn shepard  1999.0 
a new multirate lq optimal regulator for linear time-invariant systems and its stability robustness kg arvanitis applied mathematics and computer science   1998.0 
teaching and learning about other countries : generic activities for any country . g decoker   m roche social studies and the young learner   1990.0 
energy saving and capacity improvement potential of power control in multi-hop wireless networks j monks   jp ebert   wmw hwu   a wolisz computer networks   2003.0 
extending database relations to capture more meaning e codd acm-tods   dec    
admissible orders and linear forms portal.acm.org   
defining data types in a database language cj date acm sigmod record   1988.0 
an evening with berferd in which a cracker is lured   endured   and studied b cheswick usenix proceedings   jan   1990.0 
missing information ( applicable and non-applicable ) in relational databases ef codd acm sigmod rec    
â ?? implementation of views and integrity control by query modification m stonebraker proc . 1975 acm-sigmod conference on management of data   san & hellip ;    
switching osmolyte strategies : response of methanococcus thermolithotrophicus to changes in external ra ciulla   dd martin   pm robinson   mf roberts submitted for  
modification of the k-sads-p cg last unpublished manuscript    
applied mathematical demography n keyfitz   
edwards user wins arbitration case against erp vendor mjd songini   
illumination and color in computer generated imagery r hall  1988.0 
a web odyssey : from codd to xml v vianu   
resistance of citrus plants to bacterial canker disease m koizumi proc . int . soc . citriculture    
adaptive rate control in high-speed networks : performance issues m abdelaziz   i stavrakakis computer networks   2001.0 
essentials of business environment   2nd k aswathappa  1991.0 
an efficient clustering-based heuristic for data gathering and aggregation in sensor networks k dasgupta   k kalpakis   p namjoshi   
368 pp . $ 34.95 r press  2004.0 
an efficient algorithm for mining association rules in large databases ase omiecinski   s navathe i > proc . 21st int &#39; l conf . very large data bases   < / i > morgan & hellip ;    
stabcol : graph isomorphism testing using the wl-algorithm l babel   s baumann   m ludecke   g tinhofer technical university of munich    
physics 133 lectures : winter quarter s peale university of california   santa barbara    
gamma-a high performance backend database machine d dewi dewittâ ? ¦ proc . 12th vldb co @ .   kyoto   japan   aug    
a case of withdrawal from the ghb precursors gamma-butyrolactone and 1   4-butanediol ab schneir   bt ly   rf clark journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
the emerging step standard for production-model data exchange g trapp ieee computer    
exact strangeness conservation and particle production ( abstract only ) j cleymans   k redlich   e suhonen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
de ( 1994 ) from nested-loop to join queries in oodb hj steenhagen   pmg apers   hm blanken   ra by proc . of the conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )   & hellip ;    
automatic synthesis of specifications from the dynamic observation of reactive programs b boigelot   p godefroid lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
modeling piano sound using digital waveguide filtering techniques ge garnett proc . int . computer music  
reducing the branch penalty in pipelined processors dj lilja   
the design of xprs m stonebraker   rh katz   da patterson   jk vldb   1988.0 
improved roi and within frame discriminant features for lipreading g potamianos   c neti   
needle-sharing patterns as a predictor of hiv seroprevalence among new york city intravenous drug k yee   ls brown   bj primmâ ? ¦ montreal   canada   june    
using standard internet protocols and applications in space k hogie   rp criscuolo computer networks   2005.0 
accelerating em for large datasets b thiesson   c meek   d heckerman machine learning    
construction and design of beta-sheets ck smith   l regan acc . chem . res   1997.0 
on the parametrisation of functional projections in cp . a. schafer e hoekstra proceedings of the 23rd meeting of the north eastern & hellip ;    
non-deterministic languages to compute deterministic transformations s abiteboul   e simon   v vianu proc . acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . on principles of & hellip ;    
prevalence of iron deficiency and iron deficiency anemia in county of rodopi e karanikolaou   g lepidas   b tsifouti   n 30th greek pediatric congress   athens   greece   may 22ã ? / 24 . & hellip ;    
patterns of labor market performance among low-income wisconsin single mothers . m cancian   r haveman w-2 child support demonstration evaluation   phase 1 : final & hellip ;    
bigsur : a system for the management of earth science data p brown   m stonebraker & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ;   1995.0 
algorithmic approaches to training support vector machines : a survey c colin proceedings of esann2000 ( d-facto publications   belgium )    
an overview of the emerging third-generation sql standard j melton sigmod record   1995.0 
fast computation of sparse datacubes [ c ] ka ross   d strivastava proc of the 23a vldb conf   athens   green    
acute pancreatitis secondary to ifosfamide r gerson   a serrano   a villalobos   gl sternbach   j journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
phenomenon of cartilage shaping using moderate heating and its applications in otorhinolaryngology en sobol   vn bagratashvili   ap sviridov   ai omel '   
sex typing and androgyny : further explorations of the expressive domain sl bem   w martyna   c watson journal of personality and social psychology   1976.0 
benefits assessment   ( isocccrates deliverable 3 ) a report on the isocccrates project   published by c carter   a thorpe   an baldwin isbn    
exporting a brs/search structured database to an access database on a web accessible windows nt j meyer   c cooper   s normann proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
the complexity of reusing and modifying rulebases aj bonner   
third-generation database system manifesto   '' cad function sigmod record    
speed system memory by interleaving dram accesses . n mekhiel electronic design   1989.0 
effect of repetitive doses of soluble human complement receptor type 1 on survival of discordant w xia   dt fearon   rl kirkman transplantation proceedings   1993.0 
atmospheric infrared sounder ( airs ) on the earth observing system hh aumann   c miller proceedings of spie   1995.0 
on the algorithmic implementation of multiclass kernel-based vector machines k crammer   y singer journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
sondex/ozex campaigns of dual ozonesondes flights : report on the data analysis r stã 1/4 bi  2002.0 
groundwater modelling of wanilla catchment using flownet analysis j rodert   m teubner proceedings of water 99 joint congress   25 thhydrology and & hellip ;    
factors in navelina orange splitting v de cicco   f intrigliolo   a ippolito   s vanadia   proc . int . soc . citricult    
gold determination in ore and concentrated samples by flame atomic absorption spectrometry after a rivoldini   t haile at . spectrosc.   1989.0 
a formal framework for evaluating multiattribute software specifications   university of maryland at sr cardenas-garcia md    
dissertation r mathar   a bei ein und mehrdimensionalen aachen technical university    
activity-based analyses lead to better decision making s player healthcare financial management   1998.0 
altered patterns of calbindin d-28k-immunoreactivity in adult and neonatal mouse brains exposed to v maharajan   p maharajan   r prencipe   g ravagnan proc 29th international narcotics research conference   & hellip ;    
g-csf and gm-csf for treating or preventing neonatal infections r carr   n modi   c dore cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
nestream : querying nested streams d chatziantoniou   a anagnostopoulos sigmod record   2004.0 
transaction timestamping in ( temporal ) databases cs jensen   db lomet proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
6nh s street   sw london   
atomic and ionic impact phenomena on metal surfaces m kaminsky  1965.0 
olap services : semiadditive measures and inventory-white paper a netz microsoft corporation    
scene organization using discriminant structural templates a torralba   a oliva proc . int &#39; l conf . computer vision    
database research at ipsi e neuhold   v turau acm sigmod record   1992.0 
passive smoking and histological types of primary cancer of the lung n voropoulou doctoral thesis . athens   greece : university of athens medical  
bringing sketching tools to keychain computers with an acceleration-based interface g levin   p yarin   
interactive support for non-programmers : the relational and network approaches ef codd   cj date proceedings of the 1975 acm sigfidet ( now sigmod ) workshop & hellip ;   1975.0 
organizational environments and the multinational enterprise pm rosenzweig   jv singh the academy of management review   1991.0 
ne xs ort : sorting xml in external memory a silberstein   j yang data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
tools for planning better programs . t sork new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
control of discrete two-time scale system by using piecewise constant periodic output feedback bm patre   b bandyopadhyay   h werner systems science-wroclaw -   1997.0 
ethnographic evaluation of aids prevention programs : better data for better programs jj schensul   sl schensul new directions for program evaluation   1990.0 
consistency   concurrency   and crash recovery ye lien   pj weinberger proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference  
purchasing power parity   unit roots   and dynamic structure je pippenger   d steigerwald   
â ?? chemistry and mineralogy of comet halleyâ ?? s dustâ ?? h schulze   j kissel   ek jessberger from stardust to planetesimals   1997.0 
characteristics of wide-area tcp/ip conversations pb danzig   s jamin   r cã ¡ ceres   dj mitzel   d proceedings of acm  
ecology and classification of north american freshwater invertebrates . ( 2nd edn . ) academic press jh thorp   a covich san diego    
holosteans and teleosts j meek   r nieuwenhuys the central nervous system of vertebrates   1998.0 
effect of environmental variables on cracking of martensitic stainless steels under different ak royâ ? ¦ at global    
stereotypes as energy-saving devices : a peek inside the cognitive toolbox cn macrae   ab milne   gv bodenhausen journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
segmentation of medical images combining local   regional   global   and hierarchical distances into a tm lehmann   d beier   c thies   t seidl   
spontaneous pneumomediastinum secondary to hyperemesis gravidarum js gorbach   fl counselman   mh mendelson journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
a protein taxonomy based on secondary structure t przytycka   r aurora   gd rose nature structural biology   1999.0 
rat brain ca ^ 2 ^ + - atpase is a substrate for protein phosphatases pp1 and pp2a l zylinska   e gromadzinska   l lachowicz cellular and molecular biology letters   1999.0 
vibrational spectra and topological structure of tetrahedrally bonded amorphous semiconductors pe meek phil . mag    
harnessing user-level networking architectures for distributed object computing over high-speed rs madukkarumukumana   hv shah   c pu usenix windows nt symposium ( seattle    
semantics based transaction management techniques for replicated data a kumar   m stonebraker proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1988.0 
another set of responses and correlated responses to selection on age at reproduction in drosophila l partridge   n prowse   p pignatelli proceedings : biological sciences   1999.0 
recovery and the conspiracy of hope p deegan sixth annual mental health services conference of australia & hellip ;    
how to communicate effectively with your legislator : interviews with legislators and staffers . r white journal of emergency nursing   1992.0 
adaptive linear step-up false discovery rate controlling procedures y benjamini   a krieger   d yekutieli unpublished manuscript    
st/impfli r ( 1968 ) action potentials and voltage clamp currents of single rat ranvier nodes m horfickova   w nonner proc int union physiol  
data mapping in p2p systems : semantics and algorithmic issues a kementsietsidis   m arenas   rj miller  2003.0 
underpricing   price stabilization and long run performance in initial public offerings : a study on g giudici   s paleari unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
typing chinese   japanese   and korean jd becker ieee computer    
user 's manual for the brl subroutine to calculate bessel functions of integral order and complex kl zimmerman   as elder   ak depue md    
and d. cutting . 1994 . recognizing text genres with simple metrics using discriminant analysis j karlgren procs .  
measurement of the radiation-induced heat-up temperature of structural materials heated by igr nv gorin   yz kandiev   ai ulâ ?? yanovâ ? ¦ at .  
marine corrosion   6 thint j rameau   p gimenez   m reboul & hellip ;   ( athens   greece : sep. 5-8   1984 )   athens   greece   athens & hellip ;    
mcns/docsis mac clears a path for the cable-modem invasion l goldberg electronic design    
stability and stabilizability of discrete event dynamic systems cm ã?zveren   as willsky   pj antsaklis journal of the acm ( jacm )   1991.0 
mechanical vibration and shock measurements . 2nd edition 1st impression   bruel & kjaer   1980 jt broch   
caught in the crossfire of gang violence : small children as innocent victims of drive-by shootings hr hutson   d anglin   w mallon   mj pratts jr journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
managerial behavior and the bias in analystsâ ?? earnings forecasts l brown unpublished manuscript   1998.0 
sp ; s version 4 ) 0   ; ser1s guide ms inc mathsoft   inc. seattle    
revised : may 2004 pc office md   1971.0 
indexing the positions of continously moving objects s saltenis   cs jensen   st leutenegger   ma lopez proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
windows internals : microsoft windows server 2003   windows xp   and windows 2000 m russinovich   d solomon  2005.0 
piecewise linear structures on topological manifolds   eprint arxiv : math y rudyak   
linear discrete volterra equations | discrete paley-wiener theorem and its generalization y song submitted for  
linear queries in statistical databases md schwartz   de denning   pj denning acm transactions on database systems   1979.0 
crash analyses and design of a belt integrated seat for occupant safety ys park   gj park proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
prejudice against fat people : ideology and self-interest cs crandall journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
virtual private network bandwidth management with traffic prediction w cui   m bassiouni computer networks   2003.0 
transactions and integrity constraints s abiteboul   v vianu proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
parallelism in a main-memory dbms : the performance of prisma/db pmg apers   an wilschut   j flokstra proceedings of the 18th vldb conference    
hellenic wiscâ ?? iii d georgas   in paraskevopoulos   hg bezevegis   nd athens   greece : ellinika grammata    
laser physics : x-ray lasers   ultrashort pulses   strong laser systems av borovsky   al galkin  1996.0 
efficient generation of broadcast schedules wg yee   sb navathe submitted for publication    
response to '' remarks on two new theorems of date and fagin cj date sigmod record   1993.0 
communicating x-machines j barnard   j whitworth   m woodward information and software technology   1996.0 
wb vearson jp jan   wb pearson phil . mag    
non-parametric models in the monitoring of engine performance and condition part 2 : non-intrusive f gu   pj jacob   ad ball   
a global standard at black & decker s kolodziej computerworld    
infrared plasma diagnostics with lasers e holzhauer & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
bandwidth management for the people f saffre   c hoile   m shackleton bt technology journal   2005.0 
received and perceived social support in times of stress : a test of the social support deterioration fh norris   k kaniasty journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
the stochastic location model with risk pooling lv snyder   ms daskin   cp teo submitted for publication   2003.0 
lessons from a sensor network expedition r szewczyk   j polastre   a mainwaring   d culler lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
concise papers he blok   s choenni   hm blanken ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
new hope for low-income families : effects of a program to reduce poverty and reform welfare h bos   a huston   r granger   g duncan   t brock   v new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
magneto-spectroscopy of photo-excited states in semiconductors using far-infrared lasers y nisida   k muro   u kawata & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
utility of composite materials for the explosion-proof enclosure of an atomic power plant ag ivanov   ag fedorenko at .  
clc-3 deficiency leads to phenotypes similar to human neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis m yoshikawa   s uchida   j ezaki   t rai   a hayama   k genes to cells   2002.0 
the bandit computer program for the reduction of matrix bandwidth for nastran . rep. 3827   naval ship gc everstine md    
multidimensional paging for efficient data base querying th mzrrett proc . int . conf . data base management systems ( icmod 78 )   & hellip ;    
anipqo : almost non-intrusive parametric query optimization for nonlinear cost functions a hulgeri   s sudarshan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
robust control design for discrete time linear uncertain systems with delayed control e gyurkovics   
vuw departmentofcomputerscience pjl wallis information and software technology   1994.0 
distribution of a product by several properties e shell directorate of management analysis   procs . 2nd . symposium in & hellip ;    
towards a framework for defining internet performance metrics v paxson proceedings of inet   1996.0 
direct observation of amorphous and crystalline regions in polymers by defocus imaging j petermann   h gleiter phil . mag    
calcium localization in the shell-forming tissue of the freshwater snail   biomphalaria glabrata : a u bielefeld   k zierold   kh kã ¶ rtje   w becker the histochemical journal   1992.0 
a follow-up study conducted at the brief family therapy center d kiser unpublished manuscript    
optimising bandwidth of abr sources dk madhu   pg harrison computer networks    
bindexing the positions of continuously moving objects   ^ in proceedings of the acm international s saltenis   cs jensen   st leutenegger   ma lopez  2000.0 
nonlinear phenomena in materials science m agop   n rezlescu   g kalogirou graphic arts   athens   greece    
interpersonal learning and interpersonal conflict reduction in decision-making groups rl cook   kr hammond see guzzo    
coupled peeling-ballooning modes : a model for elms and the temperature pedestal ? hr wilsonâ ? ¦   
power efficient data gathering and aggregation in wireless sensor networks h tan   i korpeoglu sigmod record   2003.0 
â ?? user access in portable radio systems in the noise limited environment rc bernhardt ieee icc â ?? 87   seattle    
programming applications for microsoft windows j richter   
laser contour cutting of transformer sheet segments l morgenthal   e pfeiffer   e beyer laseropto-stuttgart -   1999.0 
a simplified derivation of linear least square smoothing and prediction theory hw bode   ce shannon proc . ire    
policy and procedures for domestic violence patients in canadian emergency departments : a national d hotch   a grunfeld   k mackay   l ritch journal of emergency nursing   1996.0 
the siren music/sound package for squeak smalltalk st pope   
pursuing a remedy in rc picker   
in peptides 1994 cw lee   q zhu   h shao   shh wang   g osapay   m proceedings of the 23rd european peptide  
stormwater treatment : biological   chemical   and engineering principles gr minton  2002.0 
a coverage-preserving node scheduling scheme for large wireless sensor networks nd georganas proceedings of the 1st acm international workshop on & hellip ;   2002.0 
pico : automatically designing custom computers v kathail   s aditya   
a patterns language for requirements analysis da rawsthorne   
from protest to participation ? environmental groups and the management of marine fisheries hk hernes   kh mikalsen   
demonstration eines selbstlerntrainings fã 1/4 r computer-experten zur verbesserung der experten-laien - c winter   t block   r bromme   r jucks   r rambow software-demonstration auf dem    
wiley : new york   1985 nm bikales   cg overberger   g menges vol .  
special section on sensor network technology & sensor data management ( part ii ) v kumar acm sigmod record   2004.0 
distributed localization in wireless sensor networks : a quantitative comparison k langendoen   n reijers computer networks   2003.0 
. and sheila tejada . ariadne : a system for constructing mediators for internet sources ( system jl ambite   n ashish   g barish proc . of a cm sigmod conf . on management of  
v3 . 0 for windows v basic  1995.0 
application of benzimidazole fungicides for citrus decay control ge brown proc . int . soc . citric    
example-based machine translation on a massively parallel processor n takahashiâ ? ¦ procs . of ijcai    
application of sparse matrix techniques to search   retrieval   classification and relationship r ashany vldb   1978.0 
some properties of jacksonâ ?? s third q-bessel function meh ismail to  
thermodynamic theory of non-ideal detonation and failure wb brown   
laser processing of metals and alloys gl goswami   d kumar   pr roy  1988.0 
intense magnetic fields observed by voyager 2 during 1998 lf burlaga   fb mcdonald   nf ness proc . 26th int . conf . cosmic rays   sh   1999.0 
descriptive epidemiology of epilepsy : contributions of population-based studies from rochester   wa hauser   jf annegers   wa roccaâ ? ¦ mayo clinic proceedings   1996.0 
the emerging potential of virtual reality in postsecondary education jp randall new directions for teaching and learning   1992.0 
prediction by supervised principal components e bair   t hastie   d paul   r tibshirani   
affective learningâ ?? a manifesto rw picard   s papert   w bender   b blumberg   c bt technology journal   2004.0 
microwave linear power amplifier with micromodule technology g locatelli   l ricco   m nannicini & hellip ; conference on communicationsâ ?? ( seattle   washington    
the evolution of parental care patterns : a synthesis and a study of the breeding ecologyof the tr carlisle  1981.0 
splus reference manual statistical sciences ra becker   jm chambers   ar wilks inc   seattle   washington    
web release date : february 24   2004 mi page acc . chem . res   2004.0 
legion : an operating system for wide-area computing a grimshaw   a ferrari   f knabe   m humphrey   
kinematic bifurcations in the simulation of deployable structures p kumar   s pellegrino iass-iacm   isasr   athens   greece    
lipid modification and coronary heart disease in md feher   rs elkeles md   1999.0 
isbn 0 wiley w wiley   
performance evaluation and enhancement of the csma/ca mac protocol for 802.11 wireless lans g bianchi   l fratta   m oliveri   
an efficient protocol for anonymous and fair document exchange n zhang   q shi   m merabti computer networks   2003.0 
facility location problem with concave cost functions . m hajiaghayi   m mahdian   m mirrokni unpublished manuscript   2002.0 
video mosaic : laying out time in a physical space we mackay   d pagani   
teaching and learning : 2000 ad hr bowen new directions for higher education   1975.0 
creating new hope : implementation of a program to reduce poverty and reform welfare t brockâ ? ¦  1997.0 
hot isostatic pressing -- a new tool in materials processing vs arunachalam powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ]   bombay   india & hellip ;   1980.0 
a compact and accurate model for classification m last   o maimon ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
high-performance sorting on networks of workstations da patterson   
burg : fast optimal instruction selection and tree parsing cw fraser   rr henry   ta proebsting acm sigplan notices   1992.0 
data allocation in distributed database systems pmg apers acm transactions on database 1988.0 
programming windows c petsold  1990.0 
academic success and the international student : research and recommendations cf abel new directions for higher education   2002.0 
an adjustment to profile likelihood based on observed information tj diciccio   se stern  1993.0 
adenosine in the local regulation of blood flow : a brief overview rm berne   rm knabb   sw ely   r rubio fed proc   1983.0 
extending the relational database model to capture more meaning ef codd acm transactions on database systems    
342/hr 759 . s. 342 was later referred to the senate on environment and public works   while hr 759 s see   
cemented versus noncemented total hip arthroplasty-embolism   hemodynamics   and intrapulmonary mh ereth   jg weber   md abel   rl lennon mayo clinic proceedings   1992.0 
congressman says data mining could have prevented 9-11 d verton computerworld    
experiments with bottom-up computation of sparse and iceberg cubes s greve  2000.0 
the international r & d location choices of us multinationals s feinberg   
second memoir on quaternionic relativity l silberstein phil . mag    
heap compression for memory-constrained java environment g chen   m kandemir   n vijaykrishnan   mj irwin   b   
individual differences in sociosexuality : evidence for convergent and discriminant validity ja simpson   sw gangestad journal of personality and social psychology   1991.0 
packet classification using multidimensional cutting f baboescu   g varghese proc . acm sigcomm    
the urban hierarchy in england and wales ae smailes geography    
design patterns for component-oriented development r karl proceedings of the 25 theuromicro conference   ieee    
supervised versus unsupervised binary-learning by feedforward neural networks n japkowicz machine learning   2001.0 
study of the fundamentals mechanisms of convective cooling in electronic components o leon   g de mey   e dick proceedings of the 2 ndph . d. symposium   university of  
the dynamic nature of msw management m fehr journal of environmental systems   1999.0 
three common presentations of ascariasis infection in an urban emergency department cc valentine   rj hoffner   so henderson journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
asymptotic behaviour to the 3-d schrodingerâ ?? poisson and wignerâ ?? poisson systems jl lopez   j soler   
switch in rod opsin gene expression in the european eel   anguilla anguilla ( l. ) aj hope   jc partridge   pk hayes   
an experimental evaluation of crash recovery machanisms j kent   h garcia-molina   j chung proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
using games to teach ap bowen journal of emergency nursing   1999.0 
searching on the secondary structure of protein sequences l hammel   jm patel vldb   2002.0 
implementation of imdct block of an mp3 decoder through optimization on the dct matrix m galabov   
monitoring woodland gap dynamics using high resolution imagery : but when is a gap not a gap s koukoulas   ga blackburn proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the remote & hellip ;    
students in learning communities : engaging with self   others   and the college community f gabelnick   j mac gregor   rs matthews   bl smith new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
pandian and wl mcguire mr vendely a  
experimental determination of energy release rate for notch bending and notch tension jd lubahn proc . astm    
saflink corp. an emerging biometric api industry standard [ j ] cj tilton ieee computer    
mantha 1996 kannan govindarajan   bharat jayaraman   surya mantha   optimization and relaxation in j govindarajan proceedings of the 23rd acm sigplan-sigact symposium on  
lower grinding costs and better workpiece quality by high-performance grinding with cbn whells w kã ¶ nig   k yegenoglu   b stukenholz aachen technical university .  
autonomy in childrenâ ?? s learning : an experimental and individual difference investigation ws grolnick   rm ryan journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
rethinking the value of choice : a cultural perspective on intrinsic motivation ss iyengar   mr lepper journal of personality and social psychology   1999.0 
e. ; schilling   f. c ae tonelli acc . chem . res    
interoperability in multidatabase systems d mcleod   a sheth tutorial notes-the 20th vldb conference   september    
controlling data warehouses with knowledge networks e schaefer   jd becker   a boehmer   m jarke & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ;   2000.0 
fast computation of sparse datacubes a kenneth   d srivastava   
performance analysis of a relational data base management system p hawthorn   m stonebraker proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
bindexing the positions of continuously moving objects s saltenis   cs jensen   st leutenegger   ma lopez sigmod  
ecologãa de cebus apella ad brown   oj colillas see ref    
uniqueness of kã $ hler-einstein cone metrics t jeffres   
confronting students ' beliefs and values in introductory philosophy . wn whisner new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 
the better operating system ? wl rosch pc magazine    
design of robotic discrete minimum energy regulator y bestaoui & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1991.0 
support for polylingual persistence   interoperability and naming in object-oriented databases a kaplan   jcp wileden technical report tr-96-4   university of massachusetts   computer  
tad poles and tough questions : integrating social studies and environmental education c basile   c white social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
self-identity of the greek woman m polemi & hellip ; international congress of social psychiatry   athens   greece    
effects of chest wall vibration on the intensity of dyspnea during constrained breathing md altose   i syed   l shoos proc int union physiol sci    
usability wars r raskin pc magazine   1993.0 
on inflow boundary conditions for large eddy simulation of turbulent swirling jets m garcä ± a-villalba   j frohlich   w rodi   
web release date : may 21   2003 dv deubel   g frenking acc . chem . res   2003.0 
tolerance of trees to deficiencies of soil aeration g yelenosky proc . int . shade tree conf    
methods of modern mathematical physics   i : functional analysis ( revised and enlarged edition ) m reed   b simon san diego    
disk shadowing d bitton   j gray vldb   1988.0 
learning from the inquiries : lessons for using collaborative inquiry as an adult learning strategy l yorks   e kasl new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
enduring issues in religion l john  1995.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?extended faceted ontologies y tzitzikas   n spyratos   p constantopoulos   a procs of the 14th int . conference on advanced information & hellip ;    
processing xml streams with deterministic automata and stream indexes tj green   a gupta   g miklau   m onizuka   d suciu acm transactions on database systems   2004.0 
bidirectional expansion for keyword search on graph databases v kacholia   s pandit   s chakrabarti   s sudarshan   proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
sql : 2003 has been published g introduction sigmod record   2004.0 
the hyperion project : from data integration to data coordination m arenasâ ? ¦ sigmod record   2003.0 
microsoft windows 2000 security technical reference d clark  2000.0 
health statistics 1993 s welfare athens : national statistical service of greece    
effects of the march   1992   drawdown on the freshwater molluscs of the lower granite area   snake tj frest   ej johannes deixis consultants   seattle   washington    
environmental control of the synthesis and activity of aquatic microbial ectoenzymes rj chrã ³ st microbial enzymes in aquatic environments   1991.0 
nulls in relational databases : revised r kocharekar acm sigmod record   1989.0 
role of dielectric flushing on electrical discharge machining performance a erden proceedings of the 23rd mtdr conference   manchester   uk    
automated direct determination of copper in urine and whole blood by zeeman corrected atomic p dube at . spectrosc    
functional network analysis as an effective scoring system for protein structure prediction g del rio   a garciarrubio   m cusack   de bredesen   
interleukin-6 as anti-tumour agent in renal cell carcinoma jml stouthard   h goey   ege de vries   ph de mulder   submitted for publication    
quantum invariants of knots and 3-manifolds   de gruyter vg turaev new york    
hr filtering on delta-sigma modulated signals da johns   dm lewis electronic letters    
on the algorithmic interpretation of multiclass kernel-based vector machines k crammer   y singer journal of machine learning research    
j   ousterhout   â ?? the design of xprs   â ?? m stonebraker   r katz   d patterson proc . of 14th vldb conference    
an injection of tree awareness : adding staircase join to postgresql s mayer   t grust   m van keulen   j teubner proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
peripheral tolerance induction : lessons from immune privileged sites and tissues jw streilein transplantation proceedings   1996.0 
whang and r. krishnamurthy . query optimization in a memory-resident domain relational calculus k wk acm transactions on database systems  
discrete orthonormal sequences pw broome journal of the acm ( jacm )   1965.0 
fast lossy internet image transmission jm danskin   gm davis   x song   
abdominal wall and stomach perforation following accidental electrocution with high tension wire : a s kumar   s thomas   s lehri journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
the influence of gender   occupation   ecological status   autonomy   and decision making opportunity on if rockman  1985.0 
nutrition decision tree wm dear   y webb isbn    
dipivalyl epinephrine ( dpe ) : a new prodrug in the treatment of glaucoma ai mandell   sm podos see ref    
application of evaporography to imaging of far-infrared radiation patterns g dodel   j krautter   h haeglsperger & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
does the public have a role in evaluation ? surveys and democratic discourse gt henry new directions for program evaluation    
quantifying urban and rural sprawl using the sprawl index dm theobald annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;    
communities of practice and the role of location : revealing limits of virtuality and knowledge d sole   m huysman proceedings of the 23rd international conference on  
glutamine : a major energy source for cultured mammalian cells hr zielke   cl zielke   pt ozand fed proc   1984.0 
there 's nowt so queer as folk ! d attwater   l mcgrail   n sargent bt technology journal   2000.0 
decision-making in a fuzzy environment re bellman   la zadeh management science   1970.0 
communities of learning and thinking   or a context by any other name al brown   jc campione contributions to human development    
an equity assessment of the standard incremental method fl smith   ba broberg proceedings of the 23rd annual  
effect of hot rolling conditions on the mechanical properties of very low carbon ti-bearing cold s sayanagi tetsu-to-hagne    
the use of freon as an alternate gas in graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrometry b welz   g schlemmer at spectrosc    
the phenomenological theory of linear viscoelastic behavior nw tschoegl  1989.0 
le-xuan-hy   gm   oxenberg   j.   & deichmann   ak ( 1986 ) . self-evaluation of abilities : accurate self - mj strube   cl lott journal of personality and social  
mycology guidebook   2nd print rb stevens  1981.0 
marine phycoculture in china ck tseng proc . int . seaweed symp    
prosody and wh-questions m deguchi   y kitagawa proceedings-nels   2002.0 
monitoring protein folding at atomic resolution tk kumar   c yu acc chem res   2004.0 
mpeg video compression standard jl mitchell   wb pennebaker   ce fogg   dj legall  1996.0 
inside windows nt c helen  1992.0 
a shrinking-based approach for multi-dimensional data analysis y shi   y song   a zhang proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
2nd ed.   john hopkins university press   baltimore gh goltb   ce van loan md    
the evolution of polyandry ii : post-copulatory defences against genetic incompatibility ja zeh   dw zeh proceedings : biological sciences   1997.0 
comparing open and uml : the two third-generation oo development approaches b henderson-sellers   d firesmith information & software technology   1999.0 
efficient user-adaptable similarity search in large multimedia databases s thomas   h kriegel proc . 23th int . conf . on vldb    
on the linear work hardening rate of fcc   single crystals j friedel phil . mag    
american association of physicists in medicine presidentâ ?? s symposium je rogers   p torp  2003.0 
methanol poisoning . ce becker journal of emergency medicine   1983.0 
data management for earth system science j frew   j dozier sigmod record   1997.0 
prrs virus and secondary disease c pijoan   g solano   j segales proceedings of the 1994 allen d. leman swine conference    
self-reported independent living outcome measures of blind elders attending adjustment training rr van tol  2002.0 
ddt : a declarative debugging tool for functional-logic languages r caballero   m rodriguez-artalejo lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
make linear models of op amps jr greenbaum electronic design    
chem . 1992   13   1171â ± 1183 ; a. gavezzotti hr karfunkel   rj gdanitz   j comput acc . chem . res    
efficient algorithms for maximum lifetime data gathering and aggregation in wireless sensor networks k kalpakis   k dasgupta   p namjoshi computer networks   2003.0 
antecedents to distance education and continuing education : time to fix them md froke new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0 
programmer 's guide ce windows  1998.0 
kindly suggested that the nomenclature for configuration isomers of sulfinylcalix [ 4 ] arenas should dv bã ¶ hmer   
interactive support for non-programmers ef codd proc . acm sigmod workshop on data description   access and  
application-level scheduling on distributed heterogeneous networks fd berman   r wolski   s figueira   j schopf   g shao proceedings of the 1996 acm/ieee conference on & hellip ;   1996.0 
subquery rewriting for optimization of sql queries b cao   a badia submitted for  
mdbs : a modeling and database system to support research in the earth sciences tr smith   
simple random sampling from relational databases fo or861   d rotem proc . of vldb   kyoto   japan   aug    
associate p cookbook   t christiansen   nt oâ ?? reilly   
spectral invariants and geometry of the hamiltonian diffeomorphism group yg oh   
fundamentals of acoustics le kinsler   ar frey   
a brief introduction to c++ j schwarz history of programming languages   1993.0 
return to sender : filtering s robert-witt pc magazine   may    
residual properties of infinite soluble groups kw gruenberg  1957.0 
courting the court : social visions   state authority   and the religious law conflict in israel pj woods  2001.0 
a network-aware mac and routing protocol for effective load balancing in ad hoc wireless networks s roy   d saha   s bandyopadhyay   t ueda   s tanaka proceedings of acm mobihoc   2003.0 
group theory in physics ( academic   london   1984 ) jf cornwell vol .  
fast computation of sparse datacubes ka ross   d srivastava proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very & hellip ;   1997.0 
nist electron elastic-scattering cross-section database   version 3.1   standard reference data a jablonski   f salvat   cj powell md    
an odyssey of teacher assessment : 1986-1990 ls shulman  1990.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ reducing the bandwidth of sparse symmetric matricesã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents e cuthill   j mckee proc . acm nut .  
ethiopia and the nile : dilemmas of national and regional hydropolitics y arsano  2004.0 
a reexamination of the role of nonhypnotic suggestibility in hypnotic responding ez woody   m drugovic   jm oakman journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
access control in a relational data base management system by query modification w weis69 proc . 1974 acm annual 1969.0 
on sending artifact in search of artifact : reply to mcdonald   harris   and maher dm wegner   t giuliano journal of personality and social psychology   1983.0 
violence against emergency nurses d dalphond   m gessner   e giblin   k hijazzi   c love journal of emergency nursing    
a.   patterson i johnston s. . ward   ps   goldspinl g. : the histochemical demonstration & hellip ;    
programming windows with mfc j prosise  1999.0 
from tree patterns to generalized tree patterns : on efficient evaluation of xquery z chen   hv jagadish   lvs lakshmanan   s paparizos  2003.0 
the â ?? virtual enterprise : â ?? your new model for success ls flaig electronic business    
distinguishing the picture captions on the world wide web ( poster ) nc rowe   b frew proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
new hope for people with low incomes : two-year results of a program to reduce poverty and welfare h bos   a huston   r granger   g duncan   t brock   v  1999.0 
teaching writing through collaboration . k brufee learning in groups : new directions for teaching and learning    
ariadne : a system for constructing mediators for internet sources jl ambite   n ashish   g barish   ca knoblock   s sigmod conference   1998.0 
lbt adaptive secondary preliminary design d gallieni   c del vecchio   e anaclerio   pg   
physiological activity of ethychlozate-fruit thinning and maturity accelerating effects for citrus y kamuro   k hirai proc . int . soc . citriculture    
mathematical theories of brittle fracture . liebowitz   h. ( ed . )   fracture gc sih academic   san diego    
a fast mpeg video encryption algorithm c shi   bk bhargava   
rationality and self-interest in peer to peer networks j shneidman   dc parkes lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
â?â ? gâ ¡ â # â cents â $ â?â?â ¥ gâ ¦ report on the algorithmic language scheme j rees   w clinger   h abelson   ni adams iv   d technical report ai memo 848b   massachusetts institute of  
getessconstructing a linguistic search index for an internet search engine a dã 1/4 sterhã ¶ ft   g neumann   m becker   j   
in memory of seymour ginsburg 1928-2004 s abiteboul   r hull   v vianu acm sigmod record   2005.0 
t/ow to assemble tree machines sn bhatt   ce lciserson  1984.0 
sustainable development of urban areas . lessons from the smallest city t dentinho   jga meneses   
analysis of coloured filter controllers for bank-to-turn clos guidance gw irwin   meerj fleming   
effect of provenance   sorting and weathering on the geochemistry of fluvial sands from different sb kroonenberg proc . 29th internat . geol . congr.   kyoto   japan   part a    
how re assemble tree mac & / net sn bhatt   cje leiserson  1984.0 
a critical period effect in the acquisition of a primary language el newport   t supalla unpublished manuscript    
electronic reader sorts mail ai tersoff electronic industries    
second quantization and atomic spectroscopy johns hopkins university press   baltimore br judd md    
fast and accurate text classification via multiple linear discriminant projections s chakrabarti   s roy   mv soundalgekar the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
integrated communication system performance d maiwald   hr muller   hr rudin   c west iccc   seattle    
crystal engineering through particle size and shape monitoring   modeling   and control db patience  2002.0 
biosciences industry economic studyâ ?? is now being done on an annual basis a healthcare   
spontaneous pneumomediastinum sl bratton   pp o'rourke journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
stages of faculty development . n ralph new directions for higher education   1973.0 
windows 3.1 memory enhancement utilities m pietrek   l seltzer pc  
the united states pharmacopoeia convention inc.   rockville us pharmacopoeia md    
random sampling from hash les f olken   d rotem   p xu proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference  
out-of-core tensor approximation of multi-dimensional matrices of visual data h wang   q wu   l shi   y yu   n ahuja proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 
jm   hellerstein   and da patterson . high-performance sorting on networks of workstations ac axpaci-dusseau   rh arpaci-dussenu   de culler & hellip ; 1997acm sigmod httcrnationul conference on mumqemen f & hellip ;    
random polynomial time algorithms for sampling from joint distributions d applegate   r kannan   ng polson submitted for publication    
munsell soil color charts . munsell color   2441 north calvert street   baltimore m color md    
asymptotic probabilities of overestimating and underestimating the order of a model in general d haughton   c keribin  2001.0 
the zoogeography and ecology of the terrestrial molluscs of cyclades m mylonas d. diss . university of athens   athens   greece    
high energy particles b rossi   
the performance of multiprogrammed multiprocessing scheduling policies st leutenegger   mk vernon proc . acm sigmetrics conf    
inside widows nt h custer microsoft  
râ $ uhl   t.   and bal   he 1998b . user-level network interface protocols raf bhoedjang ieee  
sons   2001 j wiley   
protecting public-access sites against ddos attacks k argyraki   dr cheriton technical report   stanford university   may 2004 . available at  
violence against wives re dobash   rp dobash new york    
3d photography on your desk ieee int jy bouguet   p perona conf . on computer vision ( bombay   india   04â ?? 07 jan    
microsoft windows xp registry guide j honeycutt  2002.0 
a tale of two roads c hinshaw social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
on the excentricityof the earthâ ?? s orbit   and its physical relations to the glacial epoch j croll phil . mag    
recent argus results on charm baryon physics j stiewe proc . 26th int . conf . on high energy physics ( dallas   tx    
stratafrac ; user documentation : linking discrete fracture networks to geocellular grids   version 1.0 w dershowitzâ ? ¦ golder assocs.   seattle   washington  
patterns of routine antenatal care for low-risk pregnancy j villar   g carroli   d khan-neelofur   g piaggio   m cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
the piazza peer data management system ay halevy   zg ives   j madhavan   p mork   d suciu   i ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
the sabermetric manifesto d grabiner   
a critical look at critical chain project management t raz   r barnes   
programming windows   the definitive guide to the win32 api c petzold  1998.0 
au coeur de windows nt h custer  1993.0 
restoration of local degradations in audio signals m brejl radioengineering-prague -   1996.0 
the dimensionality of self-esteem : ii . hierarchical facet model for revised measurement scales js fleming   be courtney journal of personality and social psychology    
an empirical analysis of function point adjustment factors cj lokan   
properties of the tree k-median linear programming relaxation j ward   rt wong   p lemke   a oudjit unpublished manuscript    
aaai-94 workshop knowledge discovery in databases um fayyad   r uthurusamy seattle   washington    
the will and the ways : development and validation of an individual-differences measure of hope cr snyder   c harris   jr anderson   sa holleran   lm journal of personality and social psychology   1991.0 
assessing haptic properties for data representation sa wall   sa brewster proceedings of acm chi   2003.0 
corticosteroids for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis l richeldi   hr davies   g ferrara   f franco cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
towards a theory of advanced transaction models in the situation calculus i kiringa proceedings of the vldb 8th internationalworkshop on & hellip ;    
analysis of nonlinear resonance in rotated y-cut quartz thickness-shear resonators hf tiersten proc . 29th annual freg . control symposium    
microsoft windows security for windows xp and windows 2000 inside out redmond e bott   c siechert wash : microsoft    
dividing pcs and workstations   v39 r nass computerworld    
demonstration of hydrolases z lojda & hellip ;   papousek   f. : histochemical demonstration of enzymes . brno & hellip ;    
mandrill pd walsh microsoft windows    
bin packing with discrete item sizes   part ii : average case behaviour of first fit eg coman   ds johnson   pw shor   rr weber unpublished manuscript    
invariants   bisimulations and the correctness of coalgebraic refinements b jacobs lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
william kentâ ?? s reply to the universal relation revisited w kent acm transactions on database systems    
stability of discrete linear inclusions-part ii l gurvits  1997.0 
discovery of hidden profiles by decision-making groups : solving a problem versus making a judgment g stasser   d stewart journal of personality and social psychology    
packet classification algorithms for gigabit internet routers tv lakshman   d stiliadis proceedings of acm  
the piazza peer data mgt project i tatarinovâ ? ¦ sigmod rec    
the collegium : community as gathering place ce orlando new directions for higher education   2000.0 
null values in data base management a denotational semantics approach y vassiliou proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
a newly emerging customer premises paradigm for delivery of network-based services dl waring   kj kerpez   sg ungar computer networks    
the role of prostacyclin in vascular tissue s moncada   jr vane fed proc   1979.0 
adaptive stabilization of multivariable linear systems ci byrnes   jc willems proceedings of the 23rd conference on decision and control   & hellip ;    
microsoft access fã 1/4 r windows j viescas  1994.0 
on the performance analysis of multi-dimensional r-tree-based data structures y theodoridis   t sellis greece : national technical university of athens    
integrating data mining with sql databases : ole db for data mining a netz   s chaudhuri   u fayyad   j bernhardt & hellip ;   2001 . proceedings . 17th international conference on   2001.0 
mac graw hill   1993 j de burgos   
attending physician coverage in a teaching hospital 's emergency department : effect on malpractice s press   sa russell   jc cantor   e jerez journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
special issue on sensor network technology and sensor data management v kumar acm sigmod record    
the lean enterprise c jones   n medlen   c merlo   m robertson   j bt technology journal   1999.0 
gluing copies of a 3-dimensional polyhedron to obtain a closed nonpositively curved pseudomanifold d burago   s ferleger   b kleiner   a kononenko proceedings-american mathematical  
an effective class hierarchy concurrency control technique in object-oriented database systems c villena-heinsen   j konig   b von tongelen   ak information and software technology   1998.0 
a non-destructive momentum spread measurement with a 4-stripline beam position monitor in the j-parc s leeâ ? ¦ japanese )   procs . of the 1st annual meeting of particle  
perceptual and motor processing stages identified in the activity of macaque frontal eye field kg thompson   dp hanes   np bichot   jd schall   
the teaching assistant 's point of view . j boehrer   e sarkisian new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0 
random sampling from relational databases f olken   d rotem proc . vldb &#39; 86 twelfth international conference on very large & hellip ;    
mnras c pã © roux   rg mcmahon   l storrie-lombardi   m irwin  2001.0 
fundamentals of an optimal multirate subband coding of cyclostationary signals d kula radioengineering-prague -   2000.0 
l' e-lyee : coupling l'ecritoire and lyeeall . c rolland information & software technology   2002.0 
leveraging non-relevant images to enhance image retrieval performance r gupta   s ghosal proceedings of the tenth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2002.0 
stability of accelerating repetitive systems jb edwards   
atmospheric correction algorithms for water quality surveillance vs hope   dg hadjimitsis   cri clayton proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the remote & hellip ;    
qos-aware bandwidth provisiong for ip network links h van den berg   m mandjes   r van de meent   a pras   submitted for publication   february    
atm switching : a brief introduction l goldberg electronic design    
analysis of growth rate in continuous time markets with transaction costs gn iyengar  1997.0 
assessment of body composition with use of dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry : evaluation and md jensen   ja kanaley   lr roustâ ? ¦ mayo clinic proceedings   1993.0 
sound support for collaboration w gaver   
analyzing energy behaviorofspatialaccessmethodsformemory-residentdata n an   a sivasubramaniam   n vijaykrishnan   mt the vldb journal    
incremental execution of transformation specifications g sittampalam   o de moor   kf larsen   
social studies lessons integrating technology . pull-out feature i. p semrau   ba boyer social studies and the young learner   1995.0 
a snapshot of public web services j fan   s kambhampati sigmod record   2005.0 
performance expectation versus reality lp van speybroeck   d jerius   rj edgar   tj gaetz   p proc . spie   1997.0 
beds   mattresses and cushions for pressure sore prevention and treatment cochrane n cullum   j deeks   ta sheldon   f song   aw fletcher database . syst . rev    
refining initial points for km clustering p bradley   um fayyad microsoft technical report 98-36   may  
groups as agents with mental attitudes g boella   
the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder : an evidence report . agency for healthcare ar jadad   m boyle   c cunningham   m kim   r schachar md    
constructions and bounds for splitting systems d deng   dr stinson   pc li   ghj van rees   r wei   
a.   ellis   john r.   ruttenberg   john . c.   and nicolau   alexandru . parallel processing : a smart j fisher proc . acm  
john hopkins press : baltimore b mc elroy md    
no. 1790 ; health and safety . 7kh 1rlvh dw : run 5hjxodwlrqv hmso london s instruments isbn    
acquisition method of ground control points for high-resolution satellite imagery t kadota   m takagi   
on the modes and meaning of feedback to transaction designers dw stemple   s mazumdar   t sheard   
data warehouse configuration d theodoratos   t sellis vldb   1997.0 
oo oversold a evans information and software technology    
development of a new wall shear stress gauge for fluid flows y gur   p leehey  1988.0 
evaluating r & d performance at alcoa laboratories . wc patterson research management    
theory of molecular liquids cg gray   ke gubbins vol . i   fundamentals    
ohio university 's multidimensional institutional impact and assessment plan am williford new directions for higher education   1997.0 
end-user development of expert systems : emerging technologies s wells   t guimaraes & hellip ; resources management association international conference    
dealing with temporal schema anomalies in history databases ng martin   sb navathe   r ahmed vldb   1987.0 
asr-bird observation program at german airports dmw ruhe   
enzymatic properties and autophosphorylation of the saccharomyces cerevisiae yak1 protein kinase s kassis   r annan   jc lee   c creasy cellular and molecular biology letters   1998.0 
maximum lifetime data gathering and aggregation in wireless sensor networks k kalpakis   k dasgupta   p namjoshi   
estimating the support of a high dimensional distribution [ r ] . 1999 b scholkopf   cp john   st johnâ ? ¦ microsoft technical  
consistency   concurrency   and crash recovery acm-sigmod int ye lien   pj weinberger conf on management of data   austin   texas    
microsoft windows nt server 4.0 terminal server : technical reference bc cumberland   a muir   g carius  1999.0 
ande . ruf . specializing shaders b guenter   tb knoblock proceedings of acm  
an d gray mc sanford   i abel dl   '' development and demonstration of a flutter suppression & hellip ;    
displacement estimation by hierarchical block matching m bierling proc . spie   1988.0 
how to support better software testing d gelperin   am hayashi application development trends   1996.0 
modelling processes controlling metal leaching from contaminated and remediated soils rnj comans   jj dijkstra   jcl meeussen d. halm & p. grathwohl ( 2003 ) proceedings 2nd workshop on & hellip ;    
mathematical framework of cone beam 3d reconstruction via the first derivative of the radon p grangeat mathematical methods in tomography   1991.0 
den vakne jã $ garen : hur man engagerar alla i fã ¶ retaget i jakten pã ¥ stã $ ndiga fã ¶ rbã $ ttringar l nilsson  1999.0 
game-theoretical control problems nn krasovskii   ai subbotin  1987.0 
minimization of tree patterns queries s flesca   f furfaro   e masciari proceedings of the 29th vldb conf    
protein secretion in the polarized epithelial cell line   mdck c kondor-koch   r bravo   s fuller   d cutler   h submitted for publication    
endomorphism rings of torsion-free abelian groups als corner proc . int . conf . theory groups   canberra    
integration of data mining and relational databases a netz   s chaudhuri   j bernhardt   u fayyad proc . 2000.0 
an overview of the iso/vdm-sl standard n plat   pg larsen acm sigplan notices   1992.0 
cytotoxic drugs and interferons for chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy ra hughes   av swan   pa van doorn cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
user behavior analysis of location aware search engine p iko   t shintani   k takahashi   m kitsuregawa proc . of international conference on mobile data management & hellip ;    
physics for young children y hadzigeorgiou  1998.0 
from tree patterns to generalized tree patterns : on efficient evaluation of xquery zchvjlvs lakshmanan   s paparizos proceedings of the 29th very large data base conference    
modeling of chemical vapor deposition reactors kf jensen proceedings of 9th international conference on c < d    
peptides 1998 in bajusz   s. and hudecz   f. c mader   d young   b bray proceedings of the 25 theuropean peptide  
the power of methods with parallel semantics k denninghoff   v vianu vldb   1991.0 
apeleytheronontas tin tileorasi [ liberating television ] s papathanasopoulos athens   greece : kastaniotis    
principles of protein structure ge schulz   rh schirmer  1979.0 
working both sides of the street mc alkin   mq patton new directions for program evaluation   1987.0 
resolved : surveys have outlived their usefulness in is research p newsted   w chin   ok ngwenyama   a lee proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1996.0 
inelastic light scattering in rare earth compounds j vitins & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;   1976.0 
the new role of community-based agencies dv folkman   k rai new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0 
eâ ? ectiveness of optimal node assignments in wavelength division multiplexing networks withâ ® xed f siu   rkc chang computer networks   2002.0 
emerging pricing strategies on the web : lessons from the airline industry s klein electronic markets   2003.0 
rule representation and management in conceptbase m jarke sigmod record   1989.0 
using sound to extract meaning from complex data c scaletti   ab craig proceedings spie   1991.0 
memory management during run generation in external memory p larson   g graefe   
microsoft office 2000 visual basic for applications : fundamentals ds boctor  1999.0 
debugging optimized code with expected behavior   '' lw zurawski   re johnson unpublished manuscript    
accelerating the coping process jw pennebaker   m colder   lk sharp journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 
production of pigs transgenic for human decay accelerating factor ga langford   n yannoutsos   e cozzi   r lancaster transplantation proceedings   1994.0 
metrics for quality analysis and improvement of object-oriented software c ebert   i morschel information and software technology    
rambo ii : implementing atomic memory in dynamic networks   using an aggresive reconfiguration s gilbert   n lynch   a shvartsman technical report lcstr-xxx   massachusetts institute technology    
cbr support for csp modeling of interoperability testing mh sqalli   ec freuder   
hiv-positive adults ' meaning making over time lm baumgartner new directions for adult and continuing education   2005.0 
regge poles in particle physics pdb collins   ej squires  1968.0 
reducing accident rates with organizational behavior modification rs haynes   rc pine   hg fitch the academy of management journal   1982.0 
description of roadpol : a gaussian dispersion model for line sources g vossiniotis   g arabatzis   d assimacopoulos & hellip ; manual   national technical university of athens   greece    
atomic modeling of homogenous nucleation of dislocation loops from condensation of point defects ty tan phil . mag    
the physics of radiation therapy . williams and wilkins   baltimore fm khan md    
extending the database relational model to capture more meaning ef codd acm transactions on database systems   1979.0 
renegotiating institutional power relationships to better serve nursing students sm hendricks new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
changes in tree canopy on fanno creek : d gervais   s mullinax   s shirley geography   2002.0 
cmd : a multidimensional declustering method for parallel database systems l jianzhong   j srivastava   d rotem proceedings of international conference on vldb   august    
lingual abscess secondary to body piercing jc olsen journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
a course in combinatorics 2nd ed.   2001 jh van lint   rm wilson   
critical evaluation of the association of acute with chronic graft rejection in kidney and heart g opelz transplant  
prophylaxis against hcv recurrence after liver transplantation : effect of interferon and ribavirin v mazzaferro   e regalia   a pulvirenti   a tagger   s transplantation proceedings   1997.0 
geometrical methods of nonlinear analysis ma krasnosel ` skii   pp zabreiko  1984.0 
the erato programme - wind tunnel test results and proof of design for an aeroacoustically optimised wr splettstoesser   b van der wall   b junker   kj european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
effects of variation in soil heating during fire on patterns of plant establishment and regrowth in dc odion  1995.0 
the rtx real-time subsystem for windows nt b carpenter   m roman   n vasilatos   m zimmerman proceedings of the usenix windows nt workshop   1997.0 
english text : reply to faustus the manichaean . translated by r. stothert cf manichaeum   
a high performance mapped object store sj white   dos dewitt proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on the management  
a configurable type hierarchy index for oodb ta mueck   ml polaschek the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
answering imprecise queries over web databases u nambiar   s kambhampati proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
algorithmic mechanism design n nisan   a ronen   
dutton   dean emeritus of the penn state university college of earth and mineral sciences t estimate was rendered by john   
diabetic neuropathic foot ulcers-the association of wound size   wound duration and wound grade on dj margolis   l allen-taylor   o hoffstand   ja look  
nuclear power plant with bn-600 reactor ai leipunskii   ii afrikantov   is golovninâ ? ¦ at .  
the worldinfo assistant : spatio-temporal information integration on the web jl ambite   ca knoblock   mr kolahdouzan   m muslea   proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
problem-based learning in medicine and beyond : a brief overview hs barrows new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
if nothing on e-mail is private   just say so e dyson computerworld    
applied logistic regression : john wiley & sons dw hosmer   s lemeshow new york    
elementary number theory in a discrete mathematics class : the rsa cryptosystem sj sugden at delta    
mapping of common management information services to corba object services specification s mazumdar   
drug use patterns among high school athletes and nonathletes ah naylor   d gardner   l zaichkowsky adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 
transport phenomena . john wiley and sons   new york   1960 rb bird   we stewart   en lightfoot   
percutaneous transluminal angioplasty and stenting for carotid artery stenosis f crawley   mm brown cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
typing dynamic typing ai baars   sd swierstra   
evaluation of the 2-poisson model as a basis for using term frequency data in searching vv raghavan   h shi   ct yu acm sigir forum   1983.0 
algorithmic aspects in large deformation contact analysis using â ?? â ?? solid-shellâ ?? â ?? elements m harnau   a konyukhov   k schweizerhof submitted for  
questions of controllability and observability for nonuniformly sampled discrete systems a fuster   jm guillen   
proteomic patterns of cultured breast cancer cells and epithelial mammary cells i pucci-minafra   s fontana   p cancemi   g alaimo   s annals-new york academy of sciences   2002.0 
bigsur : a system for the management of earth science data m stonebraker   p brown proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
analysis of link cost functions for pnni routing a magi   a szentesi   b szviatovszki computer networks   2000.0 
experimental investigation of turbulent oscillatory boundary layers bl jensen  1988.0 
an adaptable service connector model l gang   h yanbo   z zhuofeng   w jianwu   rm wagner proceedings of  
gulf general atomic le kovar san diego    
the varieties of religious experience w james   
the long-range shelling of paris and physical chemistry problems of extremely long-range firing a stettbacher & hellip ; at the physics society   zurich   switzerland   8 may 1919 & hellip ;   1986.0 
22209   united states of america store prescription request v rosslyn   
biocoenotic process patterns in the german bight w greve   f reiners   
efficiency of atm networks in transporting wide-area data traffic r caceres submitted for publication   1992.0 
differential cryptanalysis of the data encryption standard e biham   a shamir  1994.0 
properties of emerging organizations j katz   wb gartner the academy of management review   1988.0 
aging on parisi 's tree p. 265 jp bouchaud   ds dean journal de physique i   1995.0 
interactive visualization of earth and space science computations wl hibbard   be paul   da santek   
integral equation analysis of a polygonal semiconductor microcavity ln illyashenko   ai nosich   t benson   
electrocardiographic manifestations : acute posterior wall myocardial infarction wj brady   b erling   m pollack   tc chan journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
cantilever-based microsystems for gas sensing and atomic force microscopy d lange ph. d. dissertation   eth   zurich   switzerland    
efficient mining of association rules in large dynamic databases e omiecinski   a savasere   
waheedqureshi . aperformanceanalysis of alternative multi-attribute declustering strategies s ghandeharizadeh   dj dewitt proceedings of the 1992 acmsigmod  
development support systems r lauber ieee computer    
a correlated morphometric and cytochemical study on hepatocyte nucleolar size and rna distribution gh herbener   m bendayan the histochemical journal   1988.0 
two techniques for on-line index modification in shared nothing parallel databases kj achyutuni   e omiecinski   sb navathe sigmod conference   1996.0 
lanczos type methods for systems of linear equations c brezinski   h sadok   
using guided imagery in the emergency department cw hatler journal of emergency nursing   1998.0 
how whiteness frames the beliefs of white female pre-service teachers working with english language s marx  2001.0 
beta2-agonists for acute bronchitis ( cochrane review ) j smucny   c flynn   l becker   r glazier cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
introducing information technology fundamentals into the undergraduate curriculum rj voigt electronic  
virtual environments for critical intervention support : modeling   design and implementation issues d poussart   f bernier   m simoneau   d ouellet   n   
a tcp-friendly rate adjustment protocol for continuous media flows over best effort networks j padhye   j kurose   d towsley   r koodli proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;   1999.0 
safety applications of programmable electronic systems in the process industry : impact of emerging s bologna seattle   washington   usa-sept    
application of global optimization to the design of pipe networks aj abebe   dp solomatine   
role modelsâ ?? patterns of agent system analysis and design ea kendall bt technology journal   1999.0 
nonlinear loop mirror devices and applications kj blow   k smith bt technology journal   1993.0 
ma 02140   usa   tel : + 1 617 354 5800   1996 c street   
a characterization of the dirichlet distribution applicable to learning bayesian networks ( revised ) d geiger   d heckerman  1995.0 
field ion microscope examination of heavy ion radiation damage in iridium . ii . analysis of vacancy ja hudson   bl dury   b ralph phil . mag   1970.0 
a street through time used with powerful instructional strategies me haas social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
how respiratory rhythm originates : evidence from discharge patterns of brainstem respiratory mi cohen see reference    
high-performance routing in networks of workstations with irregular topology f silla   
linear time algorithm for isomorphism of planar graphs ( preliminary report ) je hopcroft   jk wong proceedings of the sixth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;   1974.0 
on the existence of active molecules in organic and inorganic bodies r brown phil . mag    
better prediction of protein contact numbers with support vector regression z yuan  2005.0 
early childhood environment rating scale . revised edition t harms   rm clifford   d cryer   
determination of beryllium in urine with electrothermal atomic absorption using the l'vov platform dc paschal   gg bailey at spectrosc    
impact of wastewater irrigation on the quality of groundwater . preliminary evaluation of organic v garcãa   a peã ± a   s capella   
an efficient algorithm for mining association in large databases a savasere   e omiecinski   s navathe   
  s. sudarshan   m. bawa   g. bhalotia   and d. shah . turbo-charging vertical mining of large databases p shenoy technical report tr-2000-02   dsl   indian institute of science    
submodule construction from concurrent system specifications e haghverdi   h ural information and software technology   1999.0 
jet scour in cohesive and non-cohesive sediments . sa ansari   uc kothyari   kg ranga raju proc.   2nd int . ( 29th national ) conf . on fluid mechanics and & hellip ;    
mentoring   modeling   monitoring   motivating : response to students ' ungraded writing as academic a young new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
information rules s carl   hr varian  1998.0 
discrete differential-geometry operators for triangulated meshes m meyer   m desbrun   p schrã ¶ der   ah barr  2002.0 
inside windows nt . may 1998 da solomon microsoft  
feature extraction via generalized uncorrelated linear discriminant analysis j ye   r janardan   q li   h park proc . 21st intâ ?? l conf . machine learning   2004.0 
piecewise smoothing for blurred images based on nonlinear diffusion equation [ z ] g xin   l laifu   
the adjustment of the drachma exchange rates k varvaressos  1953.0 
urbanâ ?? suburbanâ ?? rural air temperature differences related to street geometry i eliasson physical geography    
limusa wiley   2002 dc montgomery   gc runger   
dbms and ai : is there any common point of view ? m stonebraker   d sagalowicz   r wilensky proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1983.0 
one { two { tree ( s ) and sylow subgroups of sn m abert   p diaconis technical report   department of mathematics   stanford university  
linear programming v chvatal  1983.0 
a version of the teacher observation of classroom adaptation for use with preschoolers c kam   m greenberg unpublished manuscript    
smoking cessation for the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease j critchley   s capewell cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
kikuchi patterns in high voltage electron microscopy le thomas phil . mag.   1972.0 
attachment styles and patterns of self-disclosure m mikulincer   o nachshon journal of personality and social psychology    
distributional patterns of lepidoptera in the pacific islands e munroe see ref    
the pascal p compiler : implementation notes ( revised edition ) kv nori   u ammann   k jensen   hh nageli   c jacobi tech . rep. 10   eth   zurich   switzerland   oct. .  
fish   robert s. kraut   robert e. : expressive richness : a comparison of speech and text as media for be chalfonte proceedings of acm  
cell rate moderation of vbr video under an fec environment in atm networks a alheraish   dg smith computer networks   2000.0 
quantum chromodynamics w greiner   a schaefer  1994.0 
fractures of the dorsal and lumbar spine [ thesis ] ds korres athens   greece : athens university    
oasis : an online and accurate technique for local-alignment searches on biological databases c meek   j patel   s kasetty proceedings of the conference on very large databases ( vldb  
brief introduction to mariculture of five selected species in china ( section 1 : sea-horse culture ) c jiaxin regional seafarming development and demonstration project . & hellip ;    
physiology of nutrition in farm animals p kalaisakis agricultural university of athens   athens   greece p    
piecewise polynomial solutions of aerosol dynamics a sandu  2004.0 
lateral inhibition through delta-notch signaling : a piecewise affine hybrid model r ghosh   cj tomlin lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
reply : digital signature with ( t   n ) shared verification based on discrete logarithms l harn  1995.0 
modular specification of hybrid systems in charon r alur   r grosu   y hur   v kumar   i lee lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
study of the microflora of the mite varroa jacobsoni . bs in agricultural biotechnology thesis a lianou athens   greece : agricultural university of athens    
bringing in race sb cohen   
bottom-up computation of sparse and iceberg cubes k beyer   r ramakrishnan sigmod conference   1999.0 
greek language mtoneme recognataon with a cluster s & ecaficataon method t sellis   y ioanmdls & hellip ; thesis   national technical umverslty of athens   greece   & hellip ;    
data warehouse configuration algorithms s ligoudistianos   d theodoratos   t sellis  1998.0 
toward a geography of enterprise g krumme economic geography   1969.0 
an object-oriented model for the semantic interpretation of multimedia data j griffioen   r yavatkar   r adams proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
why codd 's rule no. 6 must be reformulated hw buff sigmod record    
a formal definition of the relational model cj date acm sigmod record   1982.0 
a nonlinear model of a turbine blade by asymptotic analysis jm rodriguez   
decision-making prowess l fried computerworld    
rectilinear motion of fluid between two parallel plates l kelvin phil . mag    
detecting domestic violence against women in the emergency department : a nursing triage model af grunfeld   s ritmiller   k mackay   l cowan journal of emergency nursing   1994.0 
use of scale information for integrating simulation models into environmental information systems t clemen ecological modelling   1998.0 
cyclosporine concentration prediction using clustering and support vector regresion g camps   e soria   jj pã © rez   f pã © rez   ar electronic letters    
relation of temperature to the development of citrus canker lesions in the spring m koizumi proc . int . soc . citriculture    
the learning-curve method applied to clustering c meek   b thiesson   d heckerman   
biologically based analysis of lung cancer incidence in a large canadian occupational cohort with wd hazelton   jm zielinski   jp ashmore   d krewski    2002.0 
changes in nuclear morphology during apoptosis correlate with vimentin cleavage by different n morishima genes to cells   1999.0 
read assistant professor m jane   
contribution to the study of climate in greece s kotini-zambaka athens academy   athens   greece ( in greek )    
limits of performance in reference-tracking and path-following for nonlinear systems ap aguiar   jp hespanha   p kokotovic   
multidimensional analyses and cost-revenue relationships . we vandament new directions for higher education   1993.0 
small subsets inherit sparse îµ-regularity s gerke   y kohayakawa   v rodl   a steger   
towards a low bandwidth talking face using appearance models bj theobald   g cawley   s kruse   ja bangham   
patterns in strategy formation h mintzberg management science   1978.0 
new results from the ccfr collaboration d harris proc . 28th international conference on high energy physics   & hellip ;    
dietâ ?? a scalable   robust and adaptable multi-agent platform for information management p marrow   e bonsma   f wang   c hoile bt technology journal   2003.0 
the piazza peer data management project i tatarinovâ ? ¦ sigmod record   2003.0 
international extrepreneurship : the intersection of two research paths pp mcdougall   bm oviatt   
object fusion in geographic information systems c beeri   y kanza   e safra   y sagiv proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
performance analysis of linear binary block coded optical ppm cdma systems with soft-decision t ohtsuki   t kaneko   jm kahn   
professional status and an emerging culture of conformity amongst teachers in england d hayes education 3 to 13   2001.0 
on the evolutionof videotext description scheme and its validation experiments for mpeg-7 c dorai   rm bolle proceedings of acm multimedia conference    
the anticoagulants protein c and protein s display potent antiinflammatory and immunosuppressive ww hancock   a tsuchida   h hau   nm thomson transplantation proceedings   1992.0 
analytical modeling of materialized view maintenance j srivastava   d rotem proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1988.0 
automatic induction of rules for e-mail classification j kay   e mccreath   
beliefs concerning the features of constrained behavior : a basis for the fundamental attribution ag miller   w ashton   m mishal journal of personality and social psychology    
spatial and temporal content-based access to hypervideo databases h jiang   ak elmagarmid the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
grading students . hr pollio   wl humphreys new directions for teaching and learning   1988.0 
defining and assessing disadvantagement b fuller   pp mcnamara new directions for higher education   1978.0 
wrapper generation for semi-structured internet sources nac knoblock & hellip ; section on management of semi-structured da @ acm sigmod & hellip ;    
multivariate versus univariate decision tree ( technical report 92-8 ) ce brodley   pe utgoff technical report   university of massachusetts at amherst    
general convergence results for linear discriminant updates aj grove   n littlestone   d schuurmans machine learning   2001.0 
accurate and fast modeling of planar inductors in cmos technologies j lescot   j haidar   f ndagijimana proc . 29th eur . solid state device research conf    
a dynamic framework for object projection views v vianu acm transactions on database systems   1988.0 
genetical analysis of mammary tumor development and mammary tumor virus expression in the gr mouse r van nie   l hilgers   m lenselink see ref    
the virtual enterprise framework and toolbox jw center   
persistent organochlorine pollutants and elements determined in tissues of rough-toothed dolphins ( jr kucklick   pr becker   wdj struntz   ea mackey   bj md    
put it in the contract : the lessons of ariane jm jã © zã © quel   b meyer   
words for the world : creating critical environmental literacy for adults rs clair new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
queries with incomplete answers over semistructured data y kanza   w nutt   y sagiv proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst   1999.0 
particle correlations in hadronic z 0 decays ekg sarkisyan   
high-performance sorting on networks of workstations ac dusseau   rha dusseau   de culler   jm hellerstein proc . sigmod intl. conf . on management of data    
modellbildung und systementwicklung in der fahrzeugdynamik teubner 1997 d ammon   
conservative visibility preprocessing using extended projections g schaufler   j dorsey   x decoret   f sillion proc . of acm siggraph    
an intuitive view to normalize network structured data s navathe & hellip ; conf . on very large data bases   montreal ( vldbâ ?? 80 )    
modeling and performance of mac layer of fddi m cerqueiro   k jabbour proceedings of the 23rd asilomar conference on signals    
fast computation of generalized voronoi diagrams using graphics hardw are k hoff   t culver   j keyser   m lin   d manocha proceedings of acm siggraph    
knowledge bases for learning to teach n bennett learning to teach    
exploiting last idle periods of links for network power management f li   g chen   m kandemir   m karakoy proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
grobner bases t becker   v weispfenning   h kredel  1993.0 
calcium transport mechanism in crayfish gastrolith epithelium correlated with the moulting cycle : ii m ueno   v mizuhira cytochemical demonstration of ca atpase and mg atpase . & hellip ;    
collision probabilities of planet/satellite systems with planetesimals and evolution of the mass r morishima   s watanabe proc . 29th isas lunar planet . symp    
particle accelerator physics ii : nonlinear and higher-order beam dynamics h wiedemann  1995.0 
f.   w. su   y. sankarasubramaniam and e. ã?ayä ± rcä ±   â ?? wireless sensor networks : a survey   â ?? ä ° akyä ± ldä ± z computer  
mathematical problems from combustion theory j bebernes   d eberly  1989.0 
all-optical otdm add-drop node at 16 2 10 gbit/s in between two fiber links of 150 km jp turkiewicz   h rohde   w schairer   g lehmann   e proc . 29th eur . conf . optical communication    
shue-oriented interconnection networks al rosenberg technical report coins 88-84   university of massachusetts at  
corbaservices : common object services specification r edition   
an observation unit in a pediatric emergency department : one children 's hospital 's experience k leduc   s haley-andrews   m rannie journal of emergency nursing   2002.0 
tolerance of rhodococcus opacus strains to aromatic and aliphatic solvents and the role of cellular tv tsitko   gm zaitsev   ag lobanok   ms salkinoja - submitted for  
benzo-pyrones for reducing and controlling lymphoedema of the limbs c badger   n preston   k seers   p mortimer cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
anecientalgorithmforminingassociationrules in large databases a savasere   e omiecinski   sb navathe proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;    
optimizing inter-processor data locality on embedded chip multiprocessors g chen   m kandemir proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
c-11 labelted palmitic acid for the non-invasive evaluation of regional myocardial fatty acid hr schelbert   e henze   hr schon   r keen   h hansen   vivo demonstration of the effects of substrate availability & hellip ;    
a data transfer protocol v stenning computer networks    
induced representations and normal subgroups g mackey proc . int . symp . linear  
asymptotic equilibrium of nonlinear difference systems r medina   m pinto   
colored juggling patterns and weighted rook placements r ehrenborg   j haglund   m readdy unpublished  
making child care choices . how welfare and work policies influence parentsâ ?? decisions la gennetian   ac huston   da crosby   ye chang   ed mdrc policy brief . new york : manpower demonstration research & hellip ;    
processing xml streams with deterministic automata tj green   g miklau   m onizuka   d suciu lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
forlorn hope : german army infantry policy   1918-1941 sj lewis  1983.0 
cell surface display of glycosylphosphatidylinositol lipids in mammalian cells na baumann   ca machamer   ak menon   j vidugiriene  1999.0 
the rasdaman approach to multidimensional database management p baumann   p furtado   r ritsch   n widmann   
investigations into the application of the relational model to data translation sb navathe   ag merten proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1975.0 
chemical effects on nuclear transformations ( international atomic energy agency   vienna   1961 ) gt trammell vol .  
on the minimization of xpath queries s bottcher   
a court may enter an order that keeps the â ?? status quo.â ?? sq order   
b. stie ge r   r. ga dow   pj meier and e. wi nt er ma nt el kl eckert proceedings of the 23rd annual cocoa beach conference and & hellip ;    
role of macrophages in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy k shikata   h makino contributions to nephrology   2001.0 
the voice of the shuttle : religious studies a liu santa barbara   ca : university of california   santa barbara    
decision-making over the project life cycle : an analytical hierarchy approach sa mian   cx dai project management journal   1999.0 
external perfect hashing pa larson   mv ramakrishna proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1985.0 
the compass search engine for unified ranked retrieval of heterogenous xml and web data j graupmann   m biwer   c zimmer   c zimmer   m bender proceedings of the 30th vldb conference   toronto   canada    
the outsider : prejudice   group conflict and politics in modern italy pm sniderman   a schizzerotto   t piazza   p peri unpublished manuscript    
mac graw hill   2001 j rojo   
horizontal decomposition to improve a non-bcnf scheme al furtado acm sigmod record   1981.0 
programming windows : the microsoft guide to writing applications for windows 3 c pretzold  1990.0 
diva : exploratory data analysis with multimedia streams we mackay   m beaudouin-lafon   
algorithms for loading parallel grid files j li   d rotem   j srivastava proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1993.0 
survey of pain attitudes mp jensen   p karoly & hellip ; manuscript . university of washington   seattle   washington    
concluding comments : laptop learning communities dg brown new directions for teaching and learning   2005.0 
the power under the hood ; preview : windows nt . b ezzell pc  
yield stress and wall slip phenomena in colloidal silica gels hj walls   sb caines   am sanchez   sa khan   
energy-conscious compilation based on voltage scaling h saputra   m kandemir   n vijaykrishnan   mj irwin     
expressive writing and coping with job loss sp spera   ed buhrfeind   jw pennebaker the academy of management journal   1994.0 
the space of kahler metrics e calabi proc . int . congr . math . amsterdam    
ak savchenko mesoscopic effects in hopping conductivity of gaas mesfet ei laiko   ao orlov proceedings of 25 thsu conference on low-temperature physics & hellip ;    
emerging roles of evaluation in science education reform w mccloskey   h parke   r elliott   p harmon new directions for program evaluation    
counting faces in the extended shi arrangement barn r ehrenborg   
research issues in protein location image databases rf murphy   c faloutsos proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
the statistical adjustment of data we deming   
encouraging critical reflection in preservice teacher education : a narrative of a personal learning c van halen-faber new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
experimentation as a vehicle for software technology transfer-a family of software reading hs jensen   bm jorgensen   s linkman   hd rombach information and software technology   1997.0 
the effect of the influx of radioactive industrially contaminated north sea water on the radiation sm vakulovskii   ai nikitin   vb chumichev at .  
non-malleable cryptography   '' dd ddn   c dwork   m naor proceedings of the  
pbl in an introductory programming courseâ ?? how to apply the seven steps method e nuutila   s tã ¶ rmã $   l malmi submitted for publication    
an algebra for domain-independent array management in databases p baumann submitted for publication    
new fault localizing method for the program debugging process l lian   s kusumoto   t kikuno   k matsumoto   k torii information and software technology   1997.0 
experimental studies of competition as a factor affecting the distribution and abundance of purple sc schroeter  1978.0 
strategy in emerging economies re hoskisson   l eden   cm lau   m wright academy of management journal   2000.0 
an introduction to the unified data language cj date proc . vldb   montreal   canada   oct    
foreign collaborations in india a study of patterns in the pre and the post-liberalisation era k kumar   
a tribute to professor hongjun lu mj carey   j han sigmod record   2005.0 
role of p300   a transcriptional coactivator   in signaling of tgf - a nishihara   j hanai   n okamoto   j yanagisawa   s genes to cells   1998.0 
'' domains   relations and religious wars r wars   s record sigmod record   1996.0 
design and implementation of a genetic-based algorithm for data mining s choenni vldb   2000.0 
synthesis of interface specifications for java classes r alur   p cerny   p madhusudan   w nam   
management of multidimensional discrete data in database systems pasb furtado   
aspect-oriented programming of sparse matrix code j irwin   jm loingtier   jr gilbert   g kiczales   j lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
a model of wage differentials between firms of different sizes   queens university s shi  1997.0 
academic background and admissions to american universities cf abel   aj sementelli new directions for higher education   2002.0 
contribution of chromophoric dissolved organic matter to attenuation of ultraviolet radiation in kw patterson marine science . university of california santa barbara    
averaging rules and adjustment processes : the role of averaging in inference ll lopes university of wisconsin    
inside microsoft windows nt internet development r sorensen  1998.0 
enriched multiplications on the cohomology theories en mj hopkins   hr miller to  
computer scientists studying any ants using them as models for new distributed systems g anthes computerworld    
special report : quantum cryptography arrives c metz pc magazine    
windows programming [ m ] c petzold  1999.0 
strehlo.   â ?? why decision support fails and how to fix itâ ??   reprinted in r kimball sigmod record    
adding relevant to xml a theobald   g weikum proc . sigmod/pods workshop on the web and databases    
inelastic scattering of neutrons ( international atomic energy agency   vienna   1965 ) w cochran vol .  
thin-layer disposal : a modification of conventional overboard disposal of dredged material rd nester water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
direct determination of lead in sugars using graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrometry nj miller-ihli   fe greene at spectrosc.    
respect for religious differences : the case of muslim students bw speck new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
acceleration induced shear strains in a monkey brain hemisection vr hodgson   lm thomas proceedings of the 23rd stapp car crash conference   sae & hellip ;    
a distributed scheme for autonomous service composition s herborn   y lopez   a seneviratne   
integrating environmental restoration and ecological restoration : long-term stewardship at the j burger environmental management   2000.0 
a brief note on performance of an ethernet system under high load jf shoch computer networks    
an efficient algorithm for mining association rules in large databases a savasere   e omiecinski   s navathe  1995.0 
capricorn in the 1 sthouse   and antivertex in 19 aquarius in the 1 st e point juno at    
the nonlinear schrodinger equation c sulem   pl sulem  1999.0 
22a   103 ; c ) f. sondheimer f baer   h kuhn   w regel   z naturforsch acc . chem . res    
a decision-making pattern for guiding the enterprise knowledge development process c rolland   s nurcan   g grosz information & software technology   2000.0 
campylobacter jejuni contains two fur homologs : characterisation of iron-responsive regulation of ahm van vliet   mla baillon   cw penn   jm ketley submitted for  
fundamentals of dressing the raw materials ( part i ) j vidlã ¡ ã ©   o hodek technical university   ostrava    
chemical models of protein beta-sheets js nowick acc . chem . res    
controlling the adaptive suspension vehicle te bihari   tm walliser   mr patterson   
a software design manifesto m kapor   
radioactivity in building materials ã?norm s 5200 : a standard in austria to limit to limit natural f steger radon in the living environment   athens   greece    
radio-chemistry division r chakravarty   rj singh   ss rattan bhabha atomic research centre   trombay   bombay    
conflict management   gossip   and affective meaning on nukulaelae n besnier see ref    
measuring complexity and coverage of software specifications gh walton   jh poore information & software technology   2000.0 
understanding com + : the architecture for enterprise development using microsoft technologies ds platt  1999.0 
analysis of variance in experimental design hr lindman  1991.0 
xml type checking with macro tree transducers s maneth   a berlea   t perst   h seidl   
ultrastructural localization of epididymal secretory proteins associated with the surface of c garcãa   f regalado   ms lã ³ pez de haro   a nieto the histochemical journal   1988.0 
colonization patterns by the bacterial flora of young pigs c pijoan   m torremorell   g solano proc . 28th annual meeting aasp   quebec city   canada    
comparative studies of lithosphere flexure on earth and venus r mettier  2002.0 
new linear parameterisation of all stabilising compensators for single-input/single-output plants g celentano   g de maria   
discriminant analysis of principal components for face recognition w zhao   a krishnaswamy   r chellappa   dl swets   j nato asi series f computer and systems sciences   1998.0 
selectivity estimation for spatial joins n an   zy yang   a sivasubramaniam   
overstocking the range : a critical analysis of the environmental science of sahelian pastoralism m turner economic geography   1993.0 
digital coach : a computerized exercise system f hoffman   p jennings   f vogt technical paper   ibm almaden research center : not published    
problem corner : an experiment with grauâ ?? s ternary boolean algebra j christian   
discrete positive-real functions and their application to system stability l hitz   bdo anderson proc . iee    
conformations of linear chains . systematics and suggestions for nomenclature j michl   r west acc . chem . res   2000.0 
controlling information exchange in distributed bayesian networks j shen   v lesser   n carver   
brief psychosesâ ?? the acute and transient psychotic disorders a marneros   f pillmann  2002.0 
influence of overlap on the convergence rate of waveform relaxation mj gander   am stuart  1996.0 
endogenous tourist development . articulated or disarticulated tourist development pt st  1999.0 
a metadatabase system for semantic image search by a mathematical model of meaning y kiyoki   t kitagawa   t hayama sigmod record   1994.0 
civil forfeiture and the war on drugs : lessons from economics and history dj boudreaux   ac pritchard san diego law review   1996.0 
lie groups and algebraic groups al onishchik   eb vinberg  1990.0 
molecular cloning of cdna and tissue-specific expression of the gene for sii-k 1   a novel y taira   t kubo   s natori genes to cells   1998.0 
the worldinfo assistant : an application for spatio-temporal information integration on the web jl ambite   ca knoblock   mr kolahdouzan   m muslea   27th international conference on very large data bases (  
regulation and subcellular location of the plasmid encoded virulence ( spv ) proteins in wild-type a el-gedaily  1997.0 
development of corba-based engineering applications from legacy fortran programs j sang   gj follen   cm kim   i lopez information & software technology   2002.0 
the at most k-deep factor tree j allali   mf sagot submitted for publication   2003.0 
the xxl search engine : ranked retrieval of xml data using indexes and ontologies a theobald   g weikum sigmod conference   2002.0 
parallel systems specitications with coloured petri nets and algebraic specifications j vautherin lecture notes in computer science   1986.0 
a new linear post-filtering technique to reduce transform coding block-edge artifact at low bit s suthaharan   hr wu & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing  
high energy physics c collab proc . 29th int . conf.   ichepâ ?? 98   vancouver   canada   jul. .  
microsoft windows 3.1 k jamsa microsoft  
altalt : combining the advantages of graphplan and heuristics state search r sanchez   x nguyen   s kambhampati   
a cost-benefit decision model : analysis   comparison amd selection of data management syw su   j dujmovic   ds batory   sb navathe   r acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1987.0 
applied animal feeding p kalaisakis agricultural university of athens   athens   greece ( in greek )    
lessons from wall street : case studies in configuration   tuning   and distribution d shasha proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1997.0 
encrypting file system in windows xp and windows server 2003 d cross  2002.0 
pocket pc joins the pda/phone parade b brown   m brown pc  
space-time trade-off optimization for a class of electronic structure calculations d cociorva   g baumgartner   de bernholdt   r   
a comparison of two noninvasive methods of blood pressure measurement in the triage area d jones   mk engelke   st brown   m swanson journal of emergency nursing   1996.0 
exploring windows nt executable files r duncan pc  
a proof of lotheâ ?? s theorem lm brown phil . mag    
a multidimensional model of venture growth jr baum   ea locke   kg smith   
linear algebra and its applications : harcourt brace jovanovich publishers g strang san diego    
bringing the wireless internet to mobile devices s saha   
vimp-a virtual market place for insurance products s field   y hoffner electronic markets   1998.0 
manual for the multiple affective adjective checklistâ ?? revised edits m zuckerman   b lubin san diego   ca    
mathematical knowledge management in theorema b buchberger   
the relationship between theories about groups and adult learning groups s imel   ej tisdell new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
sacramental imagery in two stories by isak dinesen a gossman wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 
evolution of part of the lower critical zone farm ruighoek western bushveld . ja mcdonald  1963.0 
imagery   context availability   contextual constraint   and abstractness k wiemer-hastings   j krug   x xu   
emotional suppression : physiology   self-report   and expressive behavior jj gross   rw levenson journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
mpeg-7 : a standard for multimedia content description f pereira   r koenen   
an infrared lateral shearing interferometer for plasma diagnostic and infrared optical components d apostol   i apostol   in mihailescu & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
caprera : an activity framework for transaction processing on wide-area networks s kumar   ek kwang   d agrawal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
attitudes and beliefs regarding childbirth and perinatal care among the nso of northwest cameroon ab nsamenang   me lamb unpublished manuscript    
biological properties of spinosad bl bret   ll larson   jr schoonover   tc sparks   gd down to earth    
social networks and the performance of individuals and groups rt sparrowe   rc liden   sj wayne   ml kraimer   
telecommuters and work groups : a communication network analysis f belanger   
reply to a paper by an habermann on the programming language pascal o lecarme   p desjardins acm sigplan notices   1974.0 
subgroups of the additive group of a separably closed field t blossier submitted for publication   2004.0 
antibiotic therapy for prophylaxis against infection of pancreatic necrosis in acute pancreatitis c bassi   m larvin   e villatoro cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
efficient user-adaptable similarity search in large multimedia databases t seidl   hp kriegel vldb   1997.0 
matousek de abel de la cruz   a.   anez   n.   and alarcon   om jl burguera   m burguera at . spectrosc    
3rd international workshop on traceability in emerging forms of software engineering ( tefse 2005 ) ji maletic   g antoniol   j cleland-huang   jh hayes proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
physics 134 lectures : spring quarter p lubin university of california   santa barbara    
cats : a student 's gateway to better learning m steadman   m svinicki new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
mood as input : people have to interpret the motivational implications of their moods ll martin   dw ward   jw achee   rs wyer journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
high-performance sorting on networks of workstations ac arpaci-dusseau   rh arpaci-dusseau   de culler   sigmod conference   1997.0 
baze de date p nastase microsoft acces    
attachment styles   emotion regulation   and adjustment in adolescence ml cooper   pr shaver   nl collins journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
breakdown of local equivalence between sparse solution and 1 minimization y tsaig   dl donoho technical report   department of statistics   stanford university    
taking into account of user tasks   goals and behavior for the design of online public access nj belkin   s chang   t downs   t saracevic   s zhao d. hendersen   proceedings of asis    
locking and latching in a memory-resident database system v gottemukkala   tj lehman   
family adjustment to american culture cd abel new directions for higher education   2002.0 
data sharing through query translation in autonomous sources a kementsietsidis   m arenas proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
evaluating replicebility of factors in the revised neo personality inventory : confirmatory factor rr mccrae   ab zonderman   pt costa   mh bond   sv journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
evaluation encounters in third world settings : a caribbean perspective m cuthbert new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
oral protein calorie supplementation for children with chronic disease vj poustie   rl smyth   rm watling cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
server version 4.0 nt windows  1996.0 
turbo-charging vertical mining of large databases . in 2000 acm sigmod intl p shenoy   jr haritsa   s sudarshan   g bhalotia   m conference on management of  
execution autonomy in distributed transaction processing c pu   
strict concurrency and nondeterministic control of discrete event systems y li   
on the temporal resolution of neural activity a date   e bienenstock   s geman unpublished manuscript   1998.0 
regional patterns of fertility transition in botswana c vanderpost geography    
semantic interoperability in global information systems : a brief introduction to the research and a ouksel   a sheth acm sigmod record . special section on semantic & hellip ;    
gamma-a high performance backend database machine d dewittâ ? ¦ proc . 12th conf . very large data  
sparse correlation kernel based signal reconstruction c papageorgiou   f girosi   t poggio technical report 1635   artificial intelligence laboratory    
a method to calculate necessary assignments in algorithmic test pattern generation j rajski   h cox proc . int . test conf   1990.0 
performance demonstration of a fast-tunable transmitter and burst-mode packet receiver for hornet k shrikhande   im white   ms rogge   ft an   a   
programming the microsoft windows driver model   2âª ediã § ã # o w oney  2003.0 
the propagation of radio waves over a finitely conducting spherical earth b van der pol   h bremmer phil . mag    
deletion of 11q23 is a frequent event in the evolution of mycn single-copy high-risk neuroblastomas c guo   ps white   md hogarty   gm brodeur   r gerbing   
efficient data aggregation middleware for wireless sensor networks m kumar   l schwiebert   m brockmeyer   
building a zero-latency enterprise b enslow   r schulte gartnergroup inc.   gartner analytics service report com-05 -  
3.3   statsci division   mathsoft v splus inc.   seattle   washington    
interconnected automata and linear systems : a theoretical framework in discrete time ed sontag lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
hyper tableaux p baumgartner   u furbach   i niemelae lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
multimedia tutorials in an academic environment ( video ) jd farquhar   l kempski   u nadarajan   gj yaverbaum proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
structural adjustment and the contemporary sub-saharan african city j briggs   iea yeboah area   2001.0 
project transition : testing an intervention to help high school freshmen succeed j quint  1999.0 
article details me tipping journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
parity striping of disc arrays j gray   b horst   m walkter proceedings of vldb    
experiments with a network design algorithm using-approximate linear programs d bienstock submitted for publication   1996.0 
s. navathe   â ?? an efficient algorithm for mining association rules in large database   â ?? a savasere   e omiecinski proc . internal conf . very large data  
greek cheeses e anifantakis national dairy commission of greece   athens   greece    
a texquery-based xml full-text search engine c botev   s amer-yahia   j shanmugasundaram proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
autocad 12 makros und menã 1/4 s : individuelle anpassungen . te-wi-verlag   1993 jl brittain   go head   at schaefer   
seismic performance testing on wood framed shear wall n kawai procs . cib-w18 / 31 meeting    
84 helmbold   d. and luckham   dc debugging ada ta ~ kin9 programs l helmbold technical report 84-262   stanford university   july   1984 .  
on hughes ' hp-problem ge wall proc . int . conf . theory of  
role of the student . me quinn   l sellars new directions for higher education   1974.0 
serving the movement : the role ( s ) of music r rosenthal popular music and society   2001.0 
high peak and average power all-solid-state laser systems for airborne lidar applications g ehret   hh klingenberg   u hefter   a assion   a fix laseropto-stuttgart -   2000.0 
a memory-based approach to anti-spam filtering g sakkis   
userâ ?? s guide for npsol ( version 4.0 ) : a fortran package for linear programming pe gill   w murray   ma saunders   mh wright  1986.0 
clamping : a method of antialiasing textured surfaces by bandwidth limiting in object space a norton   ap rockwood   pt skolmoski acm siggraph computer graphics   1982.0 
the small gtp-binding protein rho1 is a multifunctional protein that regulates actin localization   k nakano   r arai   i mabuchi genes to cells   1997.0 
data base of the electricity module of midas p capros national technical university of athens   athens   greece    
inside microsoft windows ce j murray  1998.0 
herman   l.   a standard for multimedia middleware dj duke proceedings of acm multimedia  
the multidimensional database system rasdaman p baumann   a dehmel   p furtado   r ritsch   n   
impairment of the perception of second order motion but not first order motion in a patient with lm vaina   a cowey proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
wrapper generation for semi-structured information sources n asish   c knoblock acm sigmod    
semantics and in-context peer-to-peer information filtering and model calibration on the web am ouksel workshop on semantic web technologies for searching and & hellip ;    
a ~ d daya   m. the role concept in data models cw bachman proceedings   third international conference on very large & hellip ;    
the plastic deformation of polycrystalline aggregates r armstrong   i codd   rm douthwaite   nj petch phil . mag    
web serverworkloadcharacterization : the searchfor invariants mf arlitt   cl williamson proc . of acm  
t.â ?? data warehouse configurationâ ?? ds theodoratos proc . 23 rdvldb conference   greece    
the relational and network approaches cj date   ef codd proc . acm sigmod workshop on data description   access and  
modelling market-based decentralised management systems pj kearney   w merlat bt technology journal   1999.0 
common object file format specification 4.1 p executable  1994.0 
tfc tfc 1996 f falconer   ds ds   m mackay introduction to quantitative  
cognitive processes in the revision of stereotypic beliefs r weber   j crocker journal of personality and social psychology    
random field models in earth sciences : academic press g christakos san diego   ca    
the productivity impact of information technology in the healthcare industry : an empirical study m ko   k osei-bryson information and software technology    
the powder metallurgy of rare earth -- cobalt permanent magnets cv sundaram   ts krishnan powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ]   bombay   india & hellip ;   1980.0 
for windows 95 v spss seattle : microsoft    
physiological ecology of the alpine timberline : tree existence at high altitudes with special w tranquillini  1979.0 
woodss and the web : annotating and reusing scientific workflows cb medeiros   j perez-alcazar   l digiampietri   gz sigmod record   2005.0 
coss : the common object services specifications be martin proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1994.0 
mathematical programmingfor data mining : formulations andchallenges ps bradley   um fayyad   ol mangasarian microsoft technical report   january  
investigations on gaba b receptor-mediated autoinhibition of gaba release pa baumann   p wicki   c stierlin   pc waldmeier naunyn-schmiedeberg &#39; s archives of pharmacology   1990.0 
keyword searching in databases using banks g bhalotia b. tech . project report   iit bombay   april    
secondary injury mechanisms in acute spinal cord injury w young journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
engineering social order c castelfranchi lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
british standard bs en 1782 . 1998 b standard   
al ` intã © rieur de systã ¨ me de fichiers de windows nt h custer   
analysts and clients in conversation : cases in early requirements gathering c urquhart   
in-context peer-to-peer information filtering on the web a ouksel sigmod record   2003.0 
gender differences in the accuracy of self-evaluations of performance s beyer journal of personality and social psychology    
factors affecting burrowing patterns of subterranean rodents ss romanach  2003.0 
crash recovery in quickstore c shi   
against customer service g trotter journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
the impress ddt : a database design toolbox based on a formal specification language j flokstra   m van keulen   j skowronek sigmod record   1994.0 
gathering correlated data in sensor networks p rickenbach   r wattenhofer proceedings of acm  
irt scores and the standard errors with differentially weighted items j cohen   t jiang unpublished manuscript    
remote assessment of ocean color for interpretation of satellite visible imagery : a review hr gordon   ay morel  1983.0 
consistent hashing and random trees : distributed cashing protocols for relieving hot spots on the d kargerâ ? ¦ proc . acm  
nebulized naloxone gently and effectively reverses methadone intoxication mb mycyk   al szyszko   se aks journal of emergency medicine   2003.0 
bringing programming to end users a cypher watch what i do : programming by demonstration    
children 's normative beliefs about aggression and aggressive behavior lr huesmann   ng guerra journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
best practices in providing nontraditional students with both academic and financial support nk hart new directions for higher education   2003.0 
use of the personal digital assistant for point-of-care trauma documentation l eastes journal of emergency nursing   2001.0 
the search for the standard model higgs boson at aleph pa mcnamara iii  2001.0 
the workings of win : a field observation study of three local offices sb levy  1981.0 
dynamic query-based debugging r lenceivicius   u holzle   ak singh technical report   university of california   santa barbara   ca    
adapting instruction level parallelism for optimizing leakage in vliw architectures hs kim   n vijaykrishnan   m kandemir   mj irwin   
a bandwidth model for internet search a uhl vldb   2002.0 
the active dbms manifesto a consort acm sigmod record    
bilateral mesh filtering s fleishman   i drori   d cohen-or proceedings of acm siggraph 2003    
the spheresearch engine for unified ranked retrieval of heterogeneous xml and web documents j graupmann   r schenkel   g weikum 31st international conference on very large databases ( vldb & hellip ;   2005.0 
antibiotics for acute bronchitis l becker   r glazier   w mcisaac   j smucny cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
evaluating the potential impact of transgenic crop varieties in the third world : documenting farmers da cleveland   d soleri   fa cuevas   mrf lopez   hr crop science society of america   seattle   washington   usa    
the sequouia 2000 storage benchmark m stonebraker   j frew   j dozier proceedings of acm sigmod conference on the management of  
an advanced software environment for transnetwork computing r kannan   kj cleetus   r reddy submitted for  
communications programming for windows 95 ca mirho   a terrisse  1996.0 
role of vanadium in biology br nechay   lb nanninga   pse nechay   rl post   jj fed proc    
adaptable similarity search in large image databases t seidl   hp kriegel   
a platform based on the multi-dimensional data model for analysis of bio-molecular structures s srinivasa   s kumar proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
t - | . r. yeager   and rw dutton   '' pisces i | : poisson and continuity equation solver ' mr pinto   cs rafferty stanford university technical report   stanford university    
the extrapyramidal system fa mettler   hw ades   e lipman   ea culler an experimental demonstration of function . arch . neural . & hellip ;    
dynamics of discrete quantum nonlinear schroedinger equations ( abstract only ) r lohikoski   e viitala   j timonen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
f.   jarzeba   w. 1988 pf barbara acc . chem . res    
three-level model for a pulse-operated optically pumped far-infrared molecular laser hja bluyssen   re mcintosh   af van etteger   p wyder & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
fast   flexible and accurate data locality analysis fj sanchez   a gonzalez procs . of pact    
store more   spend less : mid-range options around nb maginnis computerworld    
compiler-directed cache polymorphism js hu   m kandemir   n vijaykrishnan   mj irwin   h   
environmental influences on groups pb paulus   d nagar see paulus    
web release date : october 15   2002 ae taggi   am hafez   t lectka acc . chem . res   2003.0 
gauging similarity via n-grams : text sorting   categorization   and retrieval in any language m damashek submitted to science    
nodal analysis of circuits containing current conveyors ai rybin   t dostal   
findings from the cofhe studies . s montgomery new directions for higher education   1989.0 
mediators over taxonomy-based information sources y tzitzikas   n spyratos   p constantopoulos the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2005.0 
exploring shopping behaviour amongst primary customers : patterns in store loyalty and expenditure t denison   s knox proceedings of the 23rd emac conference   maastricht   the & hellip ;    
bottom-up query evaluation in extended deductive databases s brass   
glow discharge in gas flow physics and applications ap napartovich   ys akishev proc . 21st int . conf . phenomena in ionized gases   proc .  
j   h.   g. hernandez   m. lalovic   t. pell   and ig rose   '' satellite-a new opportunity for broadband a fidler bt technology journal    
corrosion and hydriding of fuel cladding materials hs gadiyar & hellip ; atomic research centre   bombay   india   metallurgy div . ) . nov & hellip ;   1985.0 
a semantic modeling approach for image retrieval by content ww chu   it leong   rk taira the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
some combinatorial properties of certain trees with applications to searching and sorting tn hibbard journal of the acm ( jacm )   1962.0 
a mathematical model of the paris metro pricing scheme for charging packet networks d ros   b tuffin computer networks   2004.0 
hospital information systems : the case of areteion university hospital j papoutsis phd dissertation   athens university   greece    
secure internet programming : security issues for mobile and distributed objects j vitek   cd jensen lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
semantic integration of environmental models for application to global information and decision - ds mackay acm sigmod record    
executable specifications of c++ classes s kamin   t kraus submitted for publication    
patterns of injury in pediatric patients in one florida community and implications for prevention v martin   b langley   s coffman journal of emergency nursing   1995.0 
critical database technologies for high energy physics dm malon   en may proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
systemdynamik und simulation teubner 1999 m gipser   
a complete identity set for codd algebras hw buff acm sigmod record   1991.0 
from welfare to work among lone parents in britain : lessons for america ja riccio  1996.0 
weave amino acid sequences for protein secondary structure prediction x yang   b wang   
ng-thow-hing   v. ( 2003 ) w shao proc . of  
algorithm and performance evaluation of adaptive multidimensional clustering technique s fushimi   m kitsuregawa   m nakayama   h tanaka   t proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1985.0 
the arm10 family of advanced embedded microprocessor cores s hill procs . of hot chips    
regionalism in the asia pacific : is geography destiny ? j poon area   2001.0 
hot block clustering for disk arrays with dynamic striping k mogi   m kitsuregawa proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
no contest : the case against competition a kohn  1986.0 
discrete probability density estimation using multirate dsp models pp vaidyanathan   bj yoon   
feep thruster performance at high back-ground pressure a genovese   s marcuccio   m andrenucci   
rock collector 's guide -- morton wr clevinger washington area : seattle university    
optimal setting for discrete pid controllers km vu iee proceedings-d   1992.0 
solutions for three regression problems commonly found in meteorological data analysis dw meek   jh prueger proceedings of the 23rd conference on agricultural forest & hellip ;    
the real-time stealer s saez   a garcãa   j vila   a crespo proceedings of the 23rd ifac/ifip real-time programming  
spectrin ubiquitination and oxidative stress : potential roles in blood and neurological disorders j sangerman   d kakhniashvili   a brown   a shartava     
workstation 3.51 product overview   1995 nt windows microsoft  
authentication revised tyc woo   ss lam ieee computer    
bernoulli numbers   homotopy groups and a theorem of rohlin m kervaire   j milnor proc . int . congress   edinborough    
dynamic vp-tree indexing for n-nearest neighbor search given pair-wise distances aw fu   pm chan   yl cheung   ys moon the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
trac je sammet programming languages : history and fundamentals    
computation tree logic ctl * and path quantifiers in the monadic theory of the binary tree   icalp87 . t hafer   w thomas proc . 3rd acm symp .  
a mathematical modeling approach to the automatic selection of database designs st march   dg severance   
metrics and software structure ne fenton   aa kaposi information and software technology   1987.0 
ultrashort laser pulse phenomena : fundamentals   techniques   and applications on a femtosecond time jc diels   w rudolph san diego    
lessons from wall street : case studies in database tuning   configuration   and replication d shasha proc . 1997 acm sigmod  
how to hide zinc in a small protein ca blindauer   pj sandler acc . chem . res   2005.0 
nt 5.0 and beyond mj miller pc magazine nov    
controlling emi by proper wiring board layout hw ott & hellip ; . 6th int . symp . electromagn . compat . ( zurich   switzerland )   & hellip ;    
java is hot   hot   hot c babcok computerworld    
history on trial : culture wars and the teaching of the past gb nash   c crabtree   re dunn   
the bridges of epirus s mantas greek )   technical publications ae   athens   greece    
project office : a route to better performance k melymuka computerworld    
multicast routing and wavelength assignment in wide-area networks g sahin   m azizoglu proc . spie   1998.0 
sorting using networks of queues and stacks r tarjan journal of the acm ( jacm )   1972.0 
quantum groups and the yang-baxter equation m jimbo to  
inside windows nt ( microsoft programming series ) da solomon  1998.0 
the flash protocol-version : 1.4 m heinrich technical report   stanford university flash group    
the quantum phisics of atomic frequency standards   ( hilger   bristol   1989 ) j vanier   c audoin vol .  
multicarrier modulation techniques for bandwidth efficient fixed wireless access systems t hunziker   
hope : an efficient parallel fault simulator for synchronous sequential circuits hklds ha proc . 29th dac    
measurements of the low wavenumber wall pressure spectral density during transition on a flat plate cj gedney   p leehey  1984.0 
virtual black holes at linear colliders y uehara   
wireless sensor networks : architectures and protocols . 2003 eh callaway   
fat and protein utilization during migratory flight l jenni   s jenni-eiermann proc . int . ornithol . congr    
the role of noncredit courses in serving nontraditional learners j milam new directions for higher education   2005.0 
line defects along the axis of rotationally inhomogeneous media . hok kirchner phil . mag.   1987.0 
ship collision damage m lutzen & hellip ; . 8 thinternational marine design conference . athens   greece    
a case study of river falls high school students enrolled in spanish iii and iv r white   
a virtual memory mapped network interface for shrimp multiprocessor m blumrich   k li   r alpert   c dubniki   e felten   j proc . 21st int . symp . on computer architecture    
early decrease of skin blood flow in response to locally applied pressure in diabetic subjects b fromy   p abraham   c bouvet   b bouhanick   p diabetes-new york -   2002.0 
critical stability constants   vol . 1 ae martell   rm smith plenum   new york    
texture classification based on cooccurence of gray level run length matrices f albregtsen   b nielsen & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems    
debugging humanity r gerr pc magazine    
particle size measurement and assessment of agglomeration of nanosized particles and their influence p bowen proceedings-processing of electroceramics   eds . m. kosec d. & hellip ;    
particle flux across the mid-european continental margin an antia   b von bodungen   r peinert deep-sea research i   1999.0 
better stories and better constructs : the case for rigor and comparative logic km eisenhardt the academy of management review   1991.0 
1989   fast sparse matrix factorization on modern workstations ' e rothberg   a gupta technical report stan-cs-89-1286   stanford university   stanford    
study on molecular weight distribution of cellulose by using rheological methods g gu   x hu   h shao   y shen fiber   2001.0 
nist critically selected stability constants of metal complexes database   nist standard reference ae martell   rm smith   rj motekaitis md    
a theoretical model of behavioural addictions : applied to offending rif brown addicted to crime    
japanese firms ' investment strategies in emerging economies a delios   wj henisz   
attribution of responsibility and valence of success and failure in relation to initial confidence nt feather journal of personality and social psychology   1969.0 
parallel mining algorithms for generalized association rules with classification t shintani   m kitsuregawa proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
discrete reflection groups in lobachevsky spaces eb vinberg proc . int . congr . math.   warszawa    
giransi kai koinonia : praktika panelliniou synedriou k rigas   v kotzamanis   l maratou-alipranti   a ekke   athens    
turkey and the republics of central asia : emerging relations and dilemmas sam pasha international studies-bombay then new delhi -   1997.0 
calculation of energy of low-angle grain boundaries . ac shi   c rottman   y he phil . mag.   1987.0 
faster is better : a business case for subsecond response time d smith computerworld    
the new hope offer : participants in the new hope demonstration discuss work   family   and self - d benoit  1996.0 
appraisals of emotion-eliciting events : testing a theory of discrete emotions ij roseman   ms spindel   pe jose journal of personality and social psychology    
turbo-charging vertical mining of large databases p shenoy   jr haritsa   s sudarshan   g bhalotia   m sigmod conference   2000.0 
a response to r. camps ' article â ?? domains   relations and religious warsâ ?? cj date acm sigmod record   1996.0 
work by secondary school students in scotland j mckechnie   s stack   s hobbs international journal of educational policy   research and & hellip ;    
experiments in store fi'agmentation b steensgaard technical report   microsoft research   1995 . in  
observation of growth of cadmium iodine from aqueous solution aj forty phil . mag    
radiolabel-transfer cross-linking demonstrates that protein 4.1 binds to the n-terminal region of ps becker   
projections and chemical coding of neurons with immunor eactivity for nitric oxide synthase in the m costaâ ? ¦   
marginalized   not marginal : adult education 's unique contribution to the fight against hiv/aids jp egan new directions for adult and continuing education   2005.0 
a linear format for resolution dw loveland proceedings of the iria symposium on automatic demonstration    
lclint userâ ?? s guide ( 2nd edn )   vol . 2 d evans  1996.0 
more commentary on missing information ( applicable and inspplicable ) in reiational database ef codd sigmod record    
determination of rare earth elements in bauxite by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission dk das   p roychowdhury at . spectrosc.   1997.0 
on biorthogonal-like sequences for generalized discrete gabor expansion of discrete-time signals jm morris   y lu submitted for  
ef   â ?? extending the relational model to capture more meaningâ ?? c coddw acm transactions on database  
processing multi-join query in parallel systems kl tan   h lu & hellip ; on applied computing : technological challenges of the 1990 &#39; s   1992.0 
mapping a semantic data model to the relational model p lyngbaek   v vianu proc . acm sigmod  
incremental motion estimation through local bundle adjustment z zhang   y shan   
on the use of kriged p-wave travel-time correction surfaces for seismic location lk steck   ml begnaud   aa velasco   
capacity model for internet transactions m oslake technical report msr-tr-99-18   microsoft research   april  
a test of a molecular model of a controlling element transposon in maize pa peterson proc . int . congr . genet    
an efficient algorithms for mining association rules in large databases . proceedings of the 21th a savasere   e miecinski   s navathe  1995.0 
stability of fluid motion : rectilinear motion of viscous fluid between two parallel planes l kelvin phil . mag    
cell death with predominant apoptotic features in saccharomyces cerevisiae mediated by deletion of m yamaki   t umehara   t chimura   m horikoshi genes to cells   2001.0 
decision support mechanisms as a back end to urban design j stefanou   j stefanou athens   greece : ntua publications    
authoritarianism and attitudes toward high achievers nt feather journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
compiled-directed data prefetching in multiprocessors with memory hierarchy eh gornish   ed granston   av veidenbaum procs . of 17th isca    
xywrite 4.0 : essential upgrade for loyalists e mendelson pc magazine   1993.0 
from codd to xml v vianu   aw odyssey proceedings of the twentieth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ;    
an alternative solution to the observation pattern problem k nguyen   t dillon   
task allocation in a distributed system j hine   t holzer procs . of  
emerging broadband access technologies dea clarke   g lampard   rp merrett   dw smith   jf bt technology journal   1998.0 
characteristic polynomial assignment in 2-dimensional discrete systems p agathoklis   
patterns of activity-induced pathology in a canadian eskimo isolate . cf merbs  1970.0 
phase margin of linear time invariant systems from routh array v krishnamurthi   n al-awad   
assessing critical thinking sd brookfield new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
p. 116 . 12 . g. katsikatsos s berlin geology of greece   athens    
cognitive processes mediating behavioral change a bandura   ne adams   j beyer journal of personality and social psychology   1977.0 
barrel swirl breakdown in spark-ignition engines : insights from particle image velocimetry m reeves   mj haste   cp garner   n halliwell proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   1999.0 
j   konstantin   b & kawamoto   s. ( 2002 ) mastering web services security . indianapolis : wiley b hartman   d flinn   
d. tonescu   â ?? a generalized temporal logic approach for control problems of a class of jy lin proc . 29th ieee confl decision & control   honolulu    
the document concept in a data base i kowarski   m lopez proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
eurofix : have we reached the limit ? gwa offermans   d van willigen   ej breeuwer   
intravenous immunoglobulin for guillain-barrã © syndrome ra hughes   jc raphael   av swan   pa van doorn cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
globalâ ?? 93   international conference and technology exhibition â ?? future nuclear systems : emerging bf myasoedov   mk chmutova proceedings   seattle   washington   september    
rubber band motor . hf meiners physics demonstration  
processing olap queries in hierarchically clustered databases d theodoratos   a tsois data & knowledge engineering   2003.0 
complete solution of the eight-puzzle and the benet of node ordering in ida a reinefeld   
honoring narrative evidence in the research and evaluation of peer support c macneil   s mead unpublished manuscript    
generalized toda chains in discrete time yb suris algebra i anal    
advanced database technologies in a diabetic healthcare system w hsu   ml lee   bc ooi   pk mohanty   kl teo   c xia vldb   2002.0 
r. go vindan   j. heidemann   and s. kumar . next cen turychallenges : scalable coordination in sensor d estrin a cm mobicomm   seattle   washington   august    
the performance of linear time suffix sorting algorithms sj puglisi submitted for publication   2004.0 
a non-discrete approach to the evolution of information filtering trees e bonsma bt technology journal   2000.0 
relationships among solar activity   sep occurrence frequency   and solar energetic particle event ra nymmik   
the race for bandwidth : understanding data transmission c lu  1998.0 
upconversion spectrometry for astrophysical applications t kostiuk   m abbas   kw ogilvie   m mumma & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
standard for multimedia databases jr smith proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2001.0 
les â ?? heliconsâ ?? dans les semiconducteurs p aigrain proc . int . conf . seniconductor physics    
disabled-2 gene inactivation by homozygous deletion in breast and ovarian tumors z fazili   z sheng   w sun   c cohen   le mendez   ir  2001.0 
the mathematical pamphlets of charles lutwidge dodgson and related pieces   edited by ff abeles   cl dodgson md    
end-users searching the online catalogue : the influence of domain and system knowledge on search md kiestra electronic library   1994.0 
a case study for redundant arrays of inexpensive disks da patterson   ga gibson   rh katz proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf    
parallel program debugging with on-the-y anomaly detection r hood   k kennedy   j mellor-crummey proceedings of supercomputing    
hiding data accesses in steganographic file system x zhou   hh pang   kl tan data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
s-plus 2000 guide to statistics : mathsoft i mathsoft inc.   seattle   washington    
the rate of absorption of a pure gas into a still liquid during short periods of exposure r higbie  1935.0 
keynote address : access to data in nasa 's earth observing system j dozier proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1992.0 
religious competitions and the spread of alternative spirituality in comtemporary brazil rt carpenter  2001.0 
standard and reference materials for use in marine science   national oceanic and atmospheric ay cantillo md    
yahoo! store . n randall pc  
experimental study on carrying shear force ratio of 12-storey coupled shear wall [ a ] s kenichi   t masaomi   k makoto   m yoshiyuki procs . of 12th wceeauckland   new zealand    
route panoramas for city navigation jy zheng   m shi   m kato proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
intra-specific variation in rhinichtys c. cataractae ( valenciennes ) and rhinichthys atratulus gc becker  1962.0 
microsoft quickbasic programmer 's toolbox jc craig microsoft  
j & ungar   sg ( 1999 ) a newly emerging customer premises paradigm for delivery of network-based dl waring   k kerpez computer  
empirical study of exchange patterns during software peer review meetings pd ` astous   pn robillard information & software technology   2002.0 
linear structural relationships with latent variables : the lisrel model m cadwallader geography   1971.0 
queries and computation on the web s abiteboul   v vianu lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
m.   and navathe   sb comparison of methodologies for database schema integration . acm comput . suru . cl batin acm transactions on database systems    
herbal and dietary therapies for primary and secondary dysmenorrhoea ml wilson   pa murphy cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
learning mixtures of bayes networks ( tech . rep. nos . msrâ ?? porâ ?? 97â ?? 30 ) b thiesson   c meek   dm chickering   d heckerman microsoft research    
the flash protocol m heinrich technical report   stanford university flash group    
lessons learned about mentoring r boice new directions for teaching and learning   1992.0 
new tools and old habits : the interactive searching behavior of expert online searchers using j koenemann   r quatrain   c cool   nj belkin md    
developing critical thinking and problem-solving abilities j lochhead   a whimbey new directions for teaching and  
biological phosphorus removal at low sludge loadings by partial stripping hp de vries   jh rensink proceedings of the international conference on management & hellip ;    
markovian decision processes with probabilistic observation of states jk satia   re lave management science   1973.0 
improvement in bandwidth efficiency of asynchronous prime-code cdma networks by error correction jg zhang electronic  
uhf propagation prediction for wireless personal communications hl bertoni   w honcharenko   lr maciel   hh xia proceedings-ieee   1994.0 
expressive law : framing of equilibrium selection i bohnet   r cooter unpublished manuscript    
automatic induction of rules for classification j kay   e mccreath & hellip ; of the workshop on machine learning for user modelling   & hellip ;    
nist chemical kinetics database 17   nist standard reference data   nist   gaithersburg wg mallard   f westley   jt herron   rf hampson md    
scalable   distributed data structures for internet service construction sd gribble   ea brewer   jm hellerstein   de culler   
detection and decision-making in environmental effects monitoring m power   g power   dg dixon environmental management   1995.0 
fast computation of shadow boundaries using spatial coherenceand backprojections j stewart   s ghali proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 94    
a comparison of landsat multispectral scanner imagery and aerial photography for identifying land ek waller  1999.0 
integrated stereo vision-a multiresolution apporach ks kumar   ub desai   
programming microsoft windows ce d boling  1998.0 
a statistical simulation model for correlated nakagami fading channels j luo   jr zeidler   
effect of brief training on sex-related differences in visual-spatial skill a stericker   s levesconte journal of personality and social psychology   1982.0 
aida : adaptive application-independent data aggregation in wireless sensor networks t he   bm blum   ja stankovic   t abdelzaher acm transactions on embedded computing systems   2004.0 
database research at the university of twente pmg apers   h balsters   hm blanken   ra de by   maw acm sigmod record   1993.0 
multiple services on request : the university of missouri-kansas city 's metropolitan area schools dc martin new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0 
article details rp manifolds journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
db-prism : integrated data warehouses and knowledge networks for bank controlling e schaefer   jd becker proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
a contribution to the study of the histopathology and aetiopathogenesis of civatteâ ?? s poikiloderma ac katoulis thesis . athens   greece : national and kapodistrian university of  
an illustrated flora of the northern united states and canada nl britton   a brown   
of caves ; nothing but mountains   snow   and water . i slept up there   with stones for my pillow f hospitality   
study on a fast profiling task of a robot with force control using feedforward of predicted contact k takahashi   s aoyagi   m takano procs . of the 4th japan-france congress & 2nd asia-europe & hellip ;    
contestable markets and the theory of industry structure   revised edition wj baumol   jc panzar   rd willig san diego    
a new approach to sampled data control systemsâ ?? a function space approach y yamamoto proc . 29th cdc   honolulu    
channel network incision and patterns of mountain geomorphology eb safran  1998.0 
folding pathways of a helix-turn-helix model protein d hoffmann   ew knapp   
efficient implementation of gaussian processes for interpolation mn gibbs   djc mackay unpublished manuscript    
microsoft excel 2000/visual basic for applications fundamentals r jacobson  1999.0 
splus reference manual ra becker   jm chambers   ar wilks  1991.0 
why decision support fails and how to fix it r kimball   k strehlo acm sigmod record   1995.0 
critical issues and dilemmas for adult literacy programs under welfare reform b sparks new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0 
an efficient algorithm for mining association rules in large databases aseos navathe   
a structural equation test of the value-attitude-behavior hierarchy pm homer   lr kahle journal of personality and social psychology    
development of an evaluation model for the importance   the causes and the consequences of oil marine np ventikos national technical university of athens   greece    
the expressive power of modalized purely implicational calculi mi kanovich technical report . stanford university   center for the study of  
contributors to the efda-jet workprogramme 2001 analysis of shaping effects on sawteeth in jet pc de vries   a pochelon   mf johnson   mff nave   df proc . 28th eps conf . on controlled fusion and plasma physics  
the study on third harmonic gyrotron with complex cavity l hongfu   d pinzhong   y shiwen   h yong   w wenxiang proc . conf . dig . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter & hellip ;    
evidence for circulating bone marrow-derived endothelial cells q shi   s rafii   es wijelath   c yu   a ishida   y blood-new york -   1998.0 
global cost functions for test generation m abramovici   dt miller   r henning   
schwangerschaftsinfektionen bei systematischen schizophrenien und zykloiden psychosen g stã ¶ ber   i kocher   e franzek   h beckmann  1996.0 
au coeur du systã ¨ me de fichiers de windows nt h custer  1994.0 
piecewise linear histograms for selectivity estimation x yu   a fu   
third national cancer survey . incidence data . nci monograph no. 41   nih no. 75-787   nci   bethesda sj cutler   jl young md    
system care improves trauma outcome : patient care errors dominate reduced preventable death rate e thoburn   p norris   r flores   s goode journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
taming xpath queries by minimizing wildcard steps cy chan   w fan   y zeng proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
a framework for generating adaptable hypermedia documents l rutledge   l hardman   dca bulterman   
mpi-video prototype systems ( video ) a katkere   dy kuramura   p kelly   s moezzi   s proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
symmetries in graph coding problem t beyer   a proskurowski proc . nw76 acm/cipc pac . symp    
properties of bird song eliciting responses from territorial males jb falls proc . int . ornithol . congr    
quantum groups c de concini   c procesi lecture notes in mathematics-springer verlag -   1993.0 
modification of mechanical properties of model membranes by some bifunctional surfactants h kleszczynska   j sarapuk   
organizational agent systems for intelligent enterprise modelling dj wu electronic markets   2000.0 
a staged model for the software lifecycle kh bennett   vt rajlich ieee computer    
high technology ceramics e geã § kinli  1992.0 
zurich toolbox for readymade economic experiments . experimenterâ ?? s manual u fischbacher university of zurich   switzerland    
activation of thalamocortical projections related to tremorogenic processes d albe-fessard   g guiot   y lamarre   g arfel see rel    
secondary index optimization m schkolnick proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1975.0 
percutaneous transluminal angioplasty and stenting for carotid artery stenosis lj coward   rl featherstone   mm brown cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
a control-theoretical approach for achieving fair bandwidth allocations in core-stateless networks ht ngin   ck tham computer networks   2002.0 
inelastic scattering of neutrons ( international atomic energy agency   vienna   1965 ) rj elliott   aa maradudin vol .  
algebraic tools for the performance evaluation of discrete event systems g cohen   p moller   jp quadrat   m viot ieee proceedings   1989.0 
specchio j j. determination of total arsenic   arsenic ( â ? cents ) and arsenic ( â ? $ ) by atomic absorption w holak at . spectros    
fuel reprocessing mn nadkarni   pc mayankutty   ns pillai   ss shinde bhabha atomic research center   bombay   india    
entrepreneurship for information systems researchers ( invited tutorial ) ( abstract only ) a gupta proceedings of the nineteenth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ;   2000.0 
lu ã ¯ ck   r.   1995 s ritsch   c beeli   hu nissen phil .  
supervised training techniques for radial basis function neural networks l bruzzone   d prieto electronic letters   1998.0 
what works in welfare reform : evidence and lessons to guide tanf reauthorization . gl berlin  2002.0 
grunwald.   d.   1997 . performance issues of enterprise level web proxies c maltzahn   k richardson proceedings of acm  
millimeter wave magnetrons with secondary emission cathode : theory and experiments vd naumenko   dm vavriv proc . conf . dig . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter  
applications of a standard leaching test for waste forms hw godbee   ou anders international waste management conference   1987.0 
atomic actions and data abstractions . 1981 we weihl mit laboratory for computer  
how to teach self-management skills to people with severe disabilities : a training manual lk koegel   lk koegel   dr parks & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa barbara    
amdb : an access method debugging toolkit m kornacker   m shah   jm hellerstein proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;    
protein based optical computing and optical memories rr birge ieee computer    
interpolation and contouring of discontinuous discrete data g reid  1997.0 
the potential of the coastal fishery development in the waters surrounding the kastellorhizo isle ( c papaconstantinou   h garagitsou   ki stergiou   v greece : national centre for marine research   athens   march    
process support to help novices design software faster and better ag cass   lj osterweil proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
artificial photosynthesis : solar splitting of water to hydrogen and oxygen j allen acc . chem . res   1995.0 
r.   presa   jj   & garcã?a - garcã?a gl de guevara md    
perceptions of autonomy support   parent attachment   competence and self-worth as predictors of eh wong   dj wiest   lb cusick adolescence-san diego -   2002.0 
rateâ ?? process with dynamic disorder r zwanzig acc . chem . res    
a selectivity model for fragmented relations : applied in information retrieval he blok   s choenni   hm blanken   
progranuning windows c petzold  1990.0 
against no-atman theories of anatta   asian philosophy   12 m albahari  2002.0 
supporting frequent updates in r-trees : a bottom-up approach ml lee   w hsu   cs jensen   b cui   kl teo vldb   2003.0 
iterative solution of large sparse systems of equations w hackbusch  1993.0 
acousto-optics - a review of fundamentals a korpel ieee   proceedings   1981.0 
reversion   timing options   and long-term decision-making dg laughton   hd jacoby   
using consensus to solve atomic snapshots t chandra   c dwork submitted for  
quantitative assessment of druginduced change in ohc lateral wall mechanics n morimoto   a nygren   we brownell see ref    
it 's nothing new ! a history of conflict in higher education sa holton new directions for higher education   1995.0 
accelerating xpath evaluation in any rdbms t grust   m van keulen   j teubner acm transactions on database systems   2004.0 
using literature to teach location . by louie social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
18   1881 . from that date until march 3   1883   when his term in the us senate ended   davis was second jag died september   
educating street and homeless children in south africa : challenges of policy implementation m nkomo   oa olufemi & hellip ; issue   international journal of educational policy   research & hellip ;    
information systems research at rwth aachen m jarke sigmod record   1995.0 
speech intelligibility derived from exceedingly sparse spectral information s greenberg   t arai   r silipo   
packet classification on multiple fidels g pankaj   n mckeown proceedings of sigcomm    
new persistent memory technologies and relational databases wp cockshott   aj cowie   gw russell   d mcgregor submitted to vldb journal . this article is also available as & hellip ;    
mpeg-7 and multimedia database systems h kosch sigmod record   2002.0 
transmission patterns of natural and recombinant baculoviruses rs hails   p hernandez-crespo   sm sait   ca donnelly ecology-new  
mirror neuron system for grasping : a computational model e oztop   g rizzolatti   ma arbib submitted for publication    
k-svcr . a multi-class support vector machine c angulo   a catala lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
a new fast and accurate kinetic code for the study of the low frequency dynamics in a magnetised c marchetto   f califano   m lontano proc . 29th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;    
isbn 0 ww wiley   
fromnested-loop to join queries inoodb h steenhaben   p apers   h blanken   r de by proc . int . conf . on very largedata bases ( vldb )    
domains   relations and religious wars s rcamp   i ls sigmod record   1996.0 
garcia-luna-aceves jj . collision avoidance and resolution multiple access with transmission groups r garces proc acm  
server 4.0 â ?? resource kit nt windows  1998.0 
case studies in learning to teach n bennett   r turner-bisset learning to teach    
discrete cosine transform : algorithms   advantages   applications kr rao   p yip   
revised stable models-a new semantics for logic programs lm pereira   am pinto   
kit de ressources techniques windows 2000 professionnel l de rã?fã?rence  2001.0 
wiley   1998 s processing   
lvmsr : an efficient algorithm to multicast layered video w wen   b mukherjee   shg chan   d ghosal computer networks   2003.0 
a and street ra 1975 nf mott   e davis phil .  
protocol failure in the escrowed encryption standard . in the 2d acm conference on computer and m blaze  1994.0 
maximum likelihood source separation for discrete sources a belouchrani   jf cardoso   
on the role of oxygen in dehydrogenase reactions using tetrazolium salts cjf van noorden the histochemical journal   1988.0 
application of ternary algebra to the study of static hazards m yoeli   s rinon journal of the acm ( jacm )   1964.0 
dynamic and order preserving data partitioning for database machines ea ozkarahan   am ouksel vldb    
development of the ventricles and spiral outflow tract in the human heart . a contribution to the pa de vries   jb saunders carnegie contributions to embryology    
cellular automata ef codd   
reflection of low-energy hydrogen from solids w eckstein   jp biersack applied physics a : materials science & processing   1985.0 
hot spot on the russian craton and the volga-kamaâ ?? s plumeâ ?? av gusev   nk petrova proc . int . conf.â ?? geomphys iv    
brief vom 19.1 . 1935 an jh van den hoop cg jung briefe i    
prediction cubes bc chen   l chen   y lin   r ramakrishnan proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
bhabha atomic research centre u chandra barc   bombay   india    
a modification of the rayleigh disk method for measuring sound-intensities lj sivian phil . mag    
training secondary school computer science educators j statz acm sigcue outlook   1975.0 
compartmentalized distribution of the proteins controlling the prespore-specific transcription pj lewis   t magnin   j errington genes to cells   1996.0 
application of quadrature mirror filter banks   m-band extensions and perfect reconstruction d esteban   c galand proc . int . conf . on assp    
the activation approach in dutch and belgian social policies jan de schampheleire journal of european area studies   2001.0 
indexing bitemporal databases as points co beng   hg cheng   kl tan information and software technology   1998.0 
fundamentals of production theory r fã $ re  1988.0 
efficient bootstrapping for semiparametric models bw brown   wk newey unpublished manuscript    
integral solutions of linear systems me flahive proc . int . number  
voronoi-based k nearest neighbor search for spatial network databases mr kolahdouzan   c shahabi proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
location of a point in a planar subdivision and its applications dt lee   fp preparata proceedings of the eighth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;   1976.0 
bcip ( # 34042   pierce ) los nbt store  
nsw tool builder 's guide re millstein   re schantz technical report   massachusetts computer associates   inc.    
enterprise modelling-the key to integration aw scheer   s spang proceedings of the 23rd isata   wien    
functional approach to mathematical model of naming e younger   k bennett information and software technology   1992.0 
ma 02140   usa   tel : + 1 617 354 5800   1995 c street   
joint performance of dsaqq mac protocol and srrd-arq protocol for wireless atm under realistic d petras   u vornefeld computer networks   1999.0 
windows 95 programmierung c petzold  1996.0 
buffering and read-ahead strategies for external mergesort w zhang   pa larson proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
spinal cord stimulation for non-reconstructable chronic critical leg ischaemia dt ubbink   h vermeulen cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
missing information ( applicable and inapplicable ) in relational databases ef codd acm sigmod record   1986.0 
spatio-temporal retrieval with rasdaman p baumann   a dehmel   p furtado   r ritsch   n proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 
low pc tags have their price m fitzgerald computerworld    
using children 's theater to teach economics ja shotick   g walsko social studies and the young learner   1997.0 
what we value : a survey of one community 's beliefs c montgomery   l plevyak social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
piecewise smooth surface reconstruction h hugues   t derose   t duchampâ ? ¦ computer graphics proceedings   annual conference series   1994.0 
ife dry wall chamber physics issues si krasheninnikov   
steganalysis of audio based on audio quality metrics   b sankur   n memon   
oscillating seaport location in nigeria b ogundana geography   1942.0 
assessment of content knowledge in the industrial enterprise practicum course at uw-stout rj locy  2000.0 
accelerating india 's fertility decline : the role of temporary contraceptive methods kb pathak   g feeney   ny luther   
the relational and network approaches : comparison of the application programming interfaces cj date   ef codd proceedings of the 1975 acm sigfidet ( now sigmod ) workshop & hellip ;   1975.0 
caprera : an activity framework for transaction processing on wide-area networks proceedings of the s kumar   e kwang   d agrawal athens   greece   august    
fundamentals of broadcast ofdm r wesel   j cioffi proc . 29th asilomar conf . on signals   systems   and computers & hellip ;    
object-oriented techniques in hardware design s kumar   jh aylor   bw johnson   
factorization of the popov function of a multivariable linear distributed parameter system in the l pandolfi   
least index resolution of degeneracy in linear complementarity problems yy chang & hellip ; operations research   stanford university   technical report    
the mechanism of particle formation in production of powders by rotating electrode process m narla powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ]   bombay   india & hellip ;   1980.0 
nist standard referencedatabase17â ?? 2q98   nist   gaithersburg f westley   j herron   d frizzell   r hampson   g md    
legion : an operating system for wide-area computing a knabe   m humphrey ieee computer    
towards a revised cen standard for electronic health record communication d kalra   g freriks   d lloyd   g klein   t beale   s procs mobile-health europe    
critical thinking and collaborative learning ce nelson new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
introduction : bringing programming to end users a sypher watch what i do : programming by  
studies on the distribution of calcitonin gene-related peptide-like and substance p-like s forsgren   a bergh   e carlsson   le thornell the histochemical journal   1992.0 
a csp and z combined modeling of document exchange processes in e-commerce protocols x wang   sc cheung   j wei information & software technology   2002.0 
the nuclear matrix and chromosomal dna loops : is their any correlation between partitioning of the sv razin cellular and molecular biology letters   2001.0 
influence of mass ratio and structural comparability on the severity of injuries sustained by the f hartemann   jy foret-bruno   c thomas   c tarriere   procs 23 rdstapp car crash  
giving legs to the legacyâ ?? web services integration within the enterprise j calladine bt technology journal   2004.0 
parallel evolution of multi-join queries anwj flokstra   pmg apers acm sigmod  
655 main street   moncton   new brunswick mc hall   
a case against the go to wa wulf proceedings acm    
dunbeath : whittles   2005 . 851 pp g milligan   
on the suitability of genetic-based algorithms for data mining s choenni   
hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis alteration in posttraumatic stress disorder : an alternative r yehuda proceedings of 25 thispne  
wireless sensor networks : a survey if akyildiz   w su   y sankarasubramaniam   e cayirci computer networks   2002.0 
fishes of wisconsin gc becker  2001.0 
implementing crash recovery in quickstore : a performance study   dj dewitt sigmod conference   1995.0 
ma 02140   usa   tel : + 1 617 354 5800   2002 c street   
51 lettersâ ?? no reply ! g da cunha bombay times   the times of india    
in search of real-time internet service g lawton   
replicated declustering of spatial data h ferhatosmanoç § lu   aå ? tosun   a ramachandran & hellip ; of the twenty-third acm sigmod-sigact-sigart symposium on & hellip ;   2004.0 
global integration and the universal increase of state dominance   1910-1970 j boli-bennett see bergesen    
on the minimization of xpath queries s flesca   f furfaro   e masciari proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
the implications of autonomy for stable policy routing n feamster   r johari   h balakrishnan proc . acm  
supporting guarded and nested atomic actions in distributed objects sy lee  1998.0 
current best practice against computer viruses . f cohen   
accelerating xpath location steps t grust   
meaningful change detection on the web s flesca   f furfaro   e masciari   
interface synthesis : a vertical slice from digital logic to software components g borriello   l lavagno   rb ortega proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0 
computational methods for fast and accurate dna fragment assembly cf allex  1999.0 
energy spectra of light ions backscattered from random solids u littmark   a gras-marti applied physics a : materials science & processing   1978.0 
a brief guide to critiquing research . e hayes new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
a new targeting procedure for the retrofit of heat exchanger networks cg shokoya   e kotjabasakis & hellip ; pressented at the international conference   athens   greece   & hellip ;    
local network technology and the lessons of history jm mcquillan computer networks    
fundamentals of data element definition rm curtice proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1981.0 
1 : programming with unicode p nt   
radarsat-1 sar for hurricane watch pw vachon   pg black   p dodge   ka katsaros   p   
the organization of perception and action dg mackay   
blood and serum group and other genetical characters of some endogamous muslim groups sma hakim  1971.0 
guangr . gao   herbert hj hum   kevin theobald   and xin-min tian . polling watchdog : combining polling o maquelin proceedings of the 23rd annual international symposium on & hellip ;    
linear prediction of speech jd markel   ah gray   
large scale enterprise atm node with per-vc traffic control n endo   t aimoto   t yazaki   t nishijima computer networks   1999.0 
buffering database operations for enhanced instruction cache performance . j zhou   ka ross proc . sigmod   2004.0 
determination of rare earth elements in environmental samples using inductively coupled plasma mass vk panday   k hoppstock   js becker   hj dietze at . spectrosc    
laser beam welding of zinc-coated sheets and quality control r imhoff   k behler   e beyer   d maischner & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry   proceedings   25 th & hellip ;   1992.0 
microsoft windows security resource kit b smith   b komar  2003.0 
may 2001b . software engineering metrics for cots-based systems s sedigh-ali   a ghafoor   ra paul ieee  
partitioning sparse rectangular matrices for parallel processing tg kolda lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
new models for the formation of linear sand dunes i livingstone geography    
declustering databases on heterogeneous disk systems lt chen   d rotem proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
the fundamental nature of requirement engineering activities as a decision-making process a aurum   c wohlin information and software technology    
on optimal node splitting for r-trees yj garcia   ma lopez   st leutenegger proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
two writes make a read jd victor ieee computer    
random sampling from b + trees f olken   d rotem vldb   1989.0 
static and dynamic modelling of materials forging cal bailer-jones   djc mackay   tj sabin   pj withers aust . j. intelligent information processing systems   1998.0 
optimal multi-step k-nearest neighbour queries t seidl   hp kriegel proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference  
solution of systems of linear inequalities on a digital computer a orden proc . acm   1952.0 
parag   and s b aditya   s chakrabarti   r desai   a hulgeri   h & hellip ; in banks system : a demonstration . intâ ?? l conference of & hellip ;    
better writing through electricity r rabinovitz pc magazine    
a temporal evolutionary object-oriented model and its query language for medical image processing ww chuâ ? ¦ proceedings of vldb    
unsupervised adaptive filtering k torkkola volume  
choosing the best storage system for video service al chervenak   da patterson   rh katz & hellip ; of the third acm international conference on multimedia   1995.0 
discrete principal component analysis w buntine   
enterprise in higher education g clark geography    
de vries   mark g. lm van doorn   henk m. blanken   & peter mg apers   the mirror mmdbms architecture p arjen proceedings of the international conference on very large  
elective delivery in diabetic pregnant women m boulvain   c stan   o irion cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
the nature of nursing v henderson   
visual information systems : new hope for decision makers . m borgmann computerworld.   1985.0 
an adaptive energy-efficient and low-latency mac for data gathering in wireless sensor networks g lu   b krishnamachari   cs raghavendra   
differential chaos shift keying : a robust coding for chaos communication g kolumban   b vizvari   w schwarz   a abel proc . ndes    
couch potato pcs . b brown pc  
inhibition of virus multiplication by foreign nucleic acid . z rotem   ra cox nature i   1963.0 
knowledge discovery in alarm data analysis j shao proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ;   1996.0 
estimating case development size from outline specifications s cockcroft information and software technology   1996.0 
a randomized sorting algorithm on the bsp model av gerbessiotis   cj siniolakis   
the support of autonomy and the control of behavior el deci   rm ryan journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
andreina   ca ( 1999 ) . scalingem ( expectation-maximation ) clustering to large databases ps bradley   um fayyad technical report no . msrtr-98-35   seattle microsoft  
ultra-wide bandwidth instrument product based on josephson junctions er hanson   gkg hohenwarter   sr whiteley   sm faris proc . int . conf . computer  
patterns ofthe hypnotic techniques ofmilton h. erickson r bandler   j grinder md    
consultation using critical friends g handal new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
roy automatic control for accurate navigationn around underwater structures n dabalb   a terribile   m bellin at  
asymptotic stability of infinite-dimensional semi-linear systems : application to a nonisothermal i aksikas   jj winkin   d dochain  2004.0 
the religious ceremonies and customs of the parsees jj modiâ ? ¦  1922.0 
sg and badia . 1996 . providing better support for a class of decision support systems agd rao & hellip ; sigmod international conference on management of data ( 1996  
hstash kai h summetoch tou patera sthn antmetvpish tvn yucologikvn problhmatvn tvn ejhbvn [ the t kallinikaki & hellip ; doctoral dissertation   university of athens   greece    
neuroprotective effect of apolipoprotein e against ischemia k kitagawa   m matsumoto   m hori   t yanagihara annals-new york academy of sciences   2002.0 
the new standard j seymour pc magazine   1993.0 
the kdb tree j robinson proc . of sigmod    
on the synthesis of discrete controllers for timed systems o maler   a pnueli   j sifakis lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
interpleural block for patients with multiple rib fractures : comparison with epidural block k shinohara   h iwama   y akama   c tase journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
river of blood : the genesis of a martyr cult in southern malawi jm schoffeleers  1992.0 
banks : browsing and keyword searching in relational databases b aditya   g bhalotia   s chakrabarti   a hulgeri   c vldb   2002.0 
optimal multi-step k-nearest neighbor search t seidl   hp kriegel   
complete axiomatization for relational update transactions   '' d karabeg   v vianu   s rules acm tods    
molina f. andrade l.   yudovich m.-simul-taneous mandibular and maxillary distraction f ortiz-monasterio marchac d.   proceedings of the sixth congress of the  
sectoral adjustment costs and real exchange rate dynamics in a two-sector dependent economy akmm morshed   sj turnovsky  2000.0 
ion-exchange processes in the food industry f lopez environment protection engineering   1999.0 
the scattering of high energy neutrons by a coulomb field rgp voss   r wilson phil . mag   1956.0 
exploiting hierarchy for planning and scheduling ag cass   k ramamritham   lj osterweil   
is homophobia mental illness v brownworth bay area reporter    
effective action and cosmological particle production mv fischetti ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1978.0 
optimizing windows ntâ ?? microsoft windows nt resource kitâ ?? vol . 3 . r blake  1993.0 
accelerating xpath location steps in any rdbms t grust   m van keulen   j teubner acm tods    
negotiating power and interests in planning : a critical perspective tj sork new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
helen custer iw nt  1993.0 
storage mapping for multidimensional linear hashing   '' m ouksel   p scheuermann proc . of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symp . on principles of  
optimizationâ ?? an emerging tool in computer graphics j marks   m cohen   jt ngo   s shieber   j snyder proceedings of acm siggraph    
a factor and structural equation analysis of the enterprise systems success measurement model d sedera   gg gable proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference on  
collaboratively controlled objects in support of collaboration lj bricker & hellip ; dissertation   university of washington   seattle   washington    
virus induced erythema multiforme and stevens-johnson syndrome ac choy   pr yarnold   je brown   gt kayaloglou allergy proceedings   1995.0 
a hybrid discrete elementâ ?? boundary element method of stress analysis lj lorig   bhg brady proceedings of the 23rd us symposium on rock mechanics   & hellip ;    
virtual geometry : a mechanism for modification of cad model topology for improved meshability j kraftcheck  2000.0 
epidemiology and management of almond anthracnose and brown rot in california je adaskaveg   j diã © guez-uribeondo   h fã ¶ rster   d proc . of the 29th annual almond conference    
debugging hw/sw interface for mpsoc : video encoder system design case study mw youssef   s yoo   a sasongko   y paviot   aa   
simulating and controlling the effects of transmission line impedance mismatches re canright jr proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
c. dw ork and m. naor . non-malleable cryptography d dolev proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on the theory of & hellip ;    
windows ce prgrammers guide a chen  1998.0 
tools for self-organizing applications engineering c bernon   v camps   mp gleizes   g picard lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
examination of the carbon balance hypothesis of alpine treeline location in glacier national park   dm cairns   gp malanson physical geography   1997.0 
innovation diffusion theory as a predictor of adoption intention for financial edi hh teo   bcy tan   kk wei proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1995.0 
the stream-line motion of fluid in a curved pipe wr dean  1928.0 
running microsoft windows nt server 4.0 c russel   s crawford  1997.0 
lessons learned from three elderly sexual assault survivors k simmelink journal of emergency nursing   1996.0 
the atomic strain tensor p mott   as morgan   uw sutter  1991.0 
deletion mapping of the potyviral helper component-proteinase reveals two regions involved in rna s urcuqui-inchima   ig maia   p arruda   f bernardi virology-new york -   2000.0 
prospective interim lost use value due to ddt and pcb contamination in the southern california bight rt carson   wm hanemann   rj kopp   ja krosnick   rc md    
amdb : an access method debugging tool m kornacker   m shah   jm hellerstein sigmod conference   1998.0 
new york   1999 ny wiley   
multics relational data store ( mrds ) ja weeldreyer   o friesen   
the student   evaluative data   and secondary analysis rf boruch   j reis new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
er   and steward   o. ( 1992 ) yx li   y zhang   ha lester   em schuman   nt davidson demonstration of local  
the cdf collaboration p tipton proc . 28th int . conf . on high energy physics   warsaw   poland    
mpeg-7 standard for multimedia databases jr smith   
adjustment with a human face : protecting the vulnerable and promoting growth : a study by unicef.-v . ga cornia   r jolly   f stewart   
new york   2001 ; 419 pp k annan   r house   
paradigm wars : a basis for peaceful coexistence and beyond l datta new directions for program evaluation    
inland fishes of washington . second edition   revised and expanded . american fisheries society rs wydoski   rr whitney  2003.0 
paws : a performance evaluation tool for parallel computing systems d pease   a ghafoor   i ahmad   dl andrews   k foudil -   
missing the memory wall : the case for processor/memory integration a sausbury   f pong   a nowatzyk proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on computer & hellip ;    
washineton birds-their identification and location ej larrison   kgs anii seattle audubon society   seattle   washington    
public-key cryptography and password protocols . february 1999 . earlier version in proc . of the 5th s halevi   h krawczyk  1998.0 
dynamic linking and hot swapping for mobile code languages   august 1999 d duggan unpublished  
methods of theoretical physics pm morse   h feshbach  1953.0 
i7gde windows nt h chtw microsoft prrss    
parity striping of disk arrays : low-cost reliable storage with acceptable throughput j gray   b horst   m walker vldb   1990.0 
engineering hydrology d koutsoyiannis   t xanthopoulos national technical university    
the marine gram-negative eubacteria : genera photobacterium   beneckea   alteromonas   pseudomonas   and p baumann   l baumann the prokaryotes   1981.0 
high-t-low-p metamorphism in the ryoke belt of japan : consequences of ridge subduction.-geol . soc . m brown   t nakajima annual meeting   seattle   washington . abs . with programs    
new results on visual cryptography s droste lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
standard neutron field at the center of a bir-2 reactor core vd sevastâ ?? yanov   as koshelev   gn maslovâ ? ¦ at . energ    
mining undiscovered public knowledge from complementary and non-interactive biomedical literature x hu   i yoo   m song   y zhang   iy song proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
providing better support for quantified query processing s rao   a badia   d van gucht proceedings of the fifteenth acm sigmod conference . acm    
