the burden of infectious disease among inmates and releasees from correctional facilities tm hammett p harmon w rhodes see  
the racing algorithm : model selection for lazy learners o maron aw moore artificial intelligence review 1997.0 
multirate analog-digital systems for signal processing and conversion j franca a petraglia sk mitra proceedings of the ieee 1997.0 
the art of deliberalizing : a handbook for the true professional . wc booth new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
plan mining by divide-andconquer j han q yang e kim proceedings of sigmodâ ?? 99 workshop on research issues on & hellip ;  
santilliâ ?? s lieâ ?? isotopic generalization of galileiâ ?? s and einsteinâ ?? s relativities ( 1990 ) ak aringazin a jannussis df lopez m nishioka b kostarakis publisher athens greece  
rainwater-harvesting agriculture for food production in arid zones : the challenge of the african hj bruins m evenari u nessler applied geography  
safety of computer control systems 1992 ( safecomp ' 92 ) . computer systems in safety-critical hh frey proc . ifac symposium zurich switzerland  
extracting structured data from web pages a arasu h garcia-molina   
enforcing modeling guidelines in an ordbms-based uml repository n ritter hp steiert   
the future of fiber-optic computer networks pe greenâ ? ¦   
2df mechanical engineering g smith a lankshear proc . spie 1998.0 
optimization of dynamic query evaluation plans rl cole g graefe proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
the gene-finder computer tools for analysis of human and model organisms genome sequences v solovyev a salamov proc . int . conf . intell . syst . mol . biol 1997.0 
the l.-s. & leising pa milne md  
a. h. muroya and rg gould . 1972 p edwards vivo demonstration of the circadian . rhythm of cholesterol  
contractual types o nierstrasz submitted for publication 2003.0 
selenium determination in animal whole blood using stabilized temperature platform furnace and rh eckerlin dw hoult gr carnrick at spectrosc  
binary data transmission techniques for linear systems ml doelz et heald dl martin proc . ire  
dec. 1981 . [ black 1985 ] ap black . supporting distributed applications : experience with eden ca grove proc . 10th acm symp . operating  
blink measurement by image processing and application to warning of driverâ ?? s drowsiness in t nakano k sugiyama m mizuno s yamamoto procs . ieee intelligent vehicles  
combining ontologies : an analysis of problems and solutions m klein   
an empirical study of sale rates and prices in impressionist and contemporary art auctions o ashenfelter k graddy unpublished manuscript  
rate-monotonic analysis for real-time industrial computing mh klein jp lehoczky r rajkumar   
self-similarity in the web . 2 : 205â ?? 223 s dill r kumar ks mccurley s rajagopalan d  2002.0 
responses of grizzly bears to seismic surveys in northern alaska pe reynolds hv reynolds eh follmann international conference on bear research and management  
a psychological taxonomy of trait-descriptive terms : the interpersonal domain js wiggins journal of personality and social psychology  
clarans : a method for clustering objects for spatial data mining rt ng   
usability engineering process model t granollers j lorã © s f perdrix integration with software engineering : procs . of hci-intl  
monitoring of leakage in embankment dams through resistivity measurementsâ ?? a 2.5 d modelling study p sjã ¶ dahl t dahlin b zhou s johansson procs . 8th eegs-meeting aveiro portugal  
commuting with delay prone buses m datar   
caâ ?? s object database gets two-step release s craig computerworld  
imhexr mcfc stack scale-up t benjamin g rezniko r donelsonâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 27th intersociety energy conversion & hellip ; 1992.0 
simplifying the representation of radiance from multiple emitters g drettakis submitted for publication 1994.0 
implementation of a mobile mpeg-21 peer s lauf i burnett proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
for the pierre auger collaboration m mostafa proc . 28th icrc ( tsukuba japan 2003 )  
data grid management systems rw moore a jagatheesan   
survey of reviews on alloy powders published during seventies ak chakraborty kb jape powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ; 1980.0 
of pilgrims and turkey : a look at thanksgivings past and present . teacher 's roundtable . c sage social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
khordeh avesta f shahzadi san diego  
path queries on compressed xml p buneman m grohe c koch proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
msn messenger 5.0 msn messenger microsoft corporation  
ho nson je schweitzer and er warkentine â ?? a dbms facility for handling structured engineering j hr proc . 1989 acm engineering design  
on ripples jr wilton phil . mag  
soil microbiology and biochemistry . 2 . ed . califã ³ rnia ea paul fe clark san diego : academicpress  
semantic streams : a framework for declarative queries and automatic data interpretation k whitehouse f zhao j liu   
supporting multi-party voice-over-ip services with peer-to-peer stream processing x gu z wen ps yu zy shae proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
the state 's new role in facilities planning : maintain alter replace and reallocate . ws fuller new directions for higher education 1980.0 
rooted circuits of closed-set systems and a max-flow min-cut theorem for stem clutters of affine m hachimori m nakamura submitted for  
adding database management to ada pav hall acm sigmod record 1983.0 
transforming the information super highway into a private toll road ( october 1999 ) at 3 m cooper   
variation of gait pattern in adult hemiplegia m colaso j joshi neurology india ( bombay ) 1971.0 
using cooperative learning with students who have attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . pull-out he taylor s larson social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
efficient multicarrier realization of full-rate space-time orthogonal block coded systems b farhang-boroujeny c schlegel submitted for  
satisfying accountability needs with nontraditional methods . s vernon new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
phase transitions in foods academic press inc yh roos san diego california  
pc-hypertext a poor pc magazine  
occupational stress in nigeria police force . ondo state university nigerial eo akinnawo unpublished manuscript  
real-time resource tracking system for semiconductor industry ieeexplore.ieee.org   
fairness and social risk i : unaggregated analyses pc fishburn rk sarin management science 1994.0 
report on the 5th international workshop on knowledge representation meets databases ( krdbâ ?? 98 ) a borgida sigmod record 1998.0 
seven lightnings over californiaâ ?? don daniel a palero in los angelesâ ?? a video documentary d erwan p gã © rard santa barbara university of california  
chain : operator scheduling for memory minimization in data stream systems b babcock s babu m datar r motwani sigmod conference 2003.0 
near-field investigations of the landers earthquake sequence k sieh l jones e hauksson k hudnut d eberhart - april to july  
obstacle detection using a deformable model of vehicles s denasi g quaglia procs . ieee intelligent vehicles symposium  
detailed data cited in a copper bullet for software quality improvement ieee computer february 2004 m blaha ieee computer 2004.0 
smith . bl ( 1990 ) . learning communities : building connections among disciplines students and faculty f gabelnick j macgregor r matthews new directions in teaching and  
noaa air resources laboratory : silver spring rr draxler gd rolph md  
report on the first international conference on ontologies databases and applications of semantics k aberer acm sigmod record 2003.0 
analytical description of spatial patterns . a getis jhp paelinck submitted for publication  
open channel flow fm henderson   
techniques for application software maintenance n gorla information and software technology 1991.0 
ida : an intelligent data access program d sagalowicz vldb  
state evaluation in a legislative environment : adapting evaluation to legislative needs jr brown new directions for program evaluation  
encapsulation of parallelism in the volcano processing systems g graefe proc . 1990 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
the past present and future of web services u ogbuji   
new data on the winter ecology of the polar bear ( ursus maritimus ) on wrangel island sm uspenski aa kistchinski international conference on bear research and management  
propositional attitudes commonsense reasoning and metaphor ja barnden procs . 10th annual conference of the cognitive science & hellip ;  
large-scale data bases : who produces them how to obtain them what they contain de myers rc rockwell new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
origin of the incommensurate phase of quartz : ii . interpretation of inelastic neutron scattering m vallade b berge g dolino j. phys . i france 1992.0 
on rotation of the plane of polarization by reflection from the pole of a magnet j kerr phil . mag  
identifying and extracting relations in text r byrd y ravin proceedings of nldb 1998.0 
community on-line : new professional environments for higher education t di petta new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
outcomes of dietitian involvement with leukemia patients receiving total parenteral nutrition c mattson  2002.0 
adding relevance to xml . a theobald g weikum webdb ( informal proceedings ) 2000.0 
measuring organizational is effectiveness : an overview and update of senior management perspectives pb seddon v graeser lp willcocks acm sigmis database 2002.0 
from chromosomal aberrations to genes : linking the cytogenetic and sequence maps of the human genome vg cheungâ ? ¦   
routing : on using the ad hoc network model in cellular packet data networks hy hsieh r sivakumar proc . acm mobihoc  
environmental concentrations of some of the major inorganic pollutants at the barc site trombay pk zutshi r sequeira tn mahadevan t banerjee  1969.0 
the current state of edi in greece gi doukidis a fragopoulou j anagnostopoulos 1st greek edi conference athens greece november  
parentsâ ?? perception and knowledge level of transition services and programming needs sc fox  2001.0 
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries . extended version g gottlob c koch r pichler proc . of the 28th international conference on very large & hellip ;  
geometric control and calibration method of an industrial robot b schefer proceedings of 12th isir  
recognizing problems in state universities . cj ping new directions for higher education 1986.0 
andm . scholl . fromstructured documentstonovelquery facilities v christophides s abiteboul s cluet proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of  
adaptive locking strategies in a multi-node data sharing model environment a joshi proc . very large databases conf . ( sept. 1991 ) barcelona  
affect grid : a single-item scale of pleasure and arousal ja russell a weiss ga mendelsohn journal of personality and social psychology  
the incident command system : high-reliability organizing for complex and volatile task environments ga bigley kh roberts   
relationships between human industrial activity and grizzly bears bn mclellan international conference on bear research and management  
status report b cabrera technical report stanford university october  
metabolic engineering of yeast zp cakar  2000.0 
metric 3d surface reconstruction from uncalibrated image sequences m pollefeys r koch m vergauwen l van gool lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
contextualizing ontologies p bouquet f giunchiglia f van harmelen l journal of web semantics 2004.0 
schneider : multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkhoff hp kriegel proc . acm-sigmod intl. conf . on management of data & hellip ;  
empirical evaluation of reuse sensitiveness of complexity metrics m oshige n aoyagi pv harris kc burtis k information and software technology 1999.0 
analysis and management of animal populations : academic press bk williams jd nichols mj conroy san diego california  
dynamic content acceleration : a caching solution to enable scalable dynamic web page generation a datta k dutta k ramamritham h thomas d sigmod conference 2001.0 
optimal aggregation algorithms for middleware r fagin a lotem m naor   
the parameterized complexity of database queries m grohe   
numerical modeling of the heat flux to the anode of high-current vacuum arcs e schade d shmelev i kleberg proc . 21st int . conf . on electrical contacts  
specifying and generating program editors with novel visual editing mechanisms m read c marlin procs of the 10th conference on software engineering and  
sino-foreign high technology joint ventures : some factors affecting performance '' d bennett hc xia proceedings of 4th international conference on management of & hellip ;  
influence of tractor -- trailer interaction on assessment of road damaging performance dj cole d cebon proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1998.0 
environmental impact from npk-fertiliser versus anaerobic digestion residue or compost-a systems m dalemo u sonesson a bjã ¶ rklund   
demonstration : enabling scalable online personalization on the web k dutta proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
superconductivity in d-and f-band metals jw garland kh bennemann proceedings of the conference on superconductivity in d-and  
the world health organization ( who ) classification of the myeloid neoplasms jw vardiman nl harris rd brunningâ ? ¦ blood-new york - 2002.0 
experience with pvm in an industrial environment a blaszczyk c trinitis lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
goodman . n. â ?? timestamp-based algorithms for concurrency control in distributed database systems p bernstein proc . 6th vldb cot & mexico city mexico oct  
customer service systemâ ?? past present and future pf harrison bt technology journal 1997.0 
orthogonal frequency division multiplexing for wireless network ida li anibal university of california santa barbara  
limnology : lake and river ecosystems . 3 rdedition : academic press rg wetzel san diego california  
teaching analytical reasoning through thinking aloud pair problem solving . je stice ( ed ) developing j lochhead a whimbey new directions for teaching and  
accelerating object-oriented simulation via automatic program specialization . department of d weise s seligman stanford university technical report csl-tr-92-519 april  
rewriting of rules containing set terms in a logic data language ldl o shmueli s tsur c zaniolo proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1988.0 
understanding multicultural perspectives : a project approach . f miller social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
predator : an or-dbms with enhanced data types psm paskin proc . of acm sigmod 1997.0 
call admission control in mobile wireless l dobos j goril radioengineering-prague - 2002.0 
carey . programmingconstructs fordatabase systemimplementationinexodus j richardsonandm proc . of sigmod  
monitoring xml data on the web b nguyen s abiteboul g cobena m preda   
mediating representations for knowledge acquisition jm bradshaw jh boose boeing computer services seattle washington  
cyclic difference covers kt arasu s sehgal   
adding verbal hints to a learning interface e stoehr hha lieberman proceedings of acm  
ontology versioning and change detection on the web m klein d fensel a kiryakov d ognyanov lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
developing services for open eprint archives : globalisation integration and the impact of links s hitchcock   
texture compression with adaptive block partitions ( poster session ) l levkovich-maslyuk p kalyuzhny a zhirkov proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
application graphics modeling support through object orientation e parris k william ieee computer  
optimierungsbasierte regelung eines integrierten reaktiven chromatographischen trennprozesses ( a toumi s engell   
managing checkpoints for parallel programs j pruyne m livny lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
estimate of the risk of environmental contamination during the operation of a nuclear power plant ii kryshev ep ryazantsev at .  
simulation of the effect of o 2 and h 2 on the concentration of radiolysis products in the vvã?r -440 bg ershov av gordeev at .  
after hurs : web excursions ' j triverio pc magazine  
machine learning applications to power systems n hatziargyriou   
wiesbaden : gabler 1 998 . 267 5 d von hubert hugo   
incremental maintenance of materialized ontologies r volz s staab b motik lecture notes in computer science  
an amateurâ ?? s introduction to recursive query processing f bancilhon r ramakrishnan proc . of sigmod  
revision of the self-monitoring scale rd lennox rn wolfe journal of personality and social psychology 1984.0 
javascript dpunkt . verlag s koch   
efficient implementation of large-scale multi-structural databases r fagin p kolaitis r kumar j novak d sivakumar proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
transformation-based learning using multirelational aggregation ma krogel s wrobel lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
edith penrose economics and strategic management nj foss   
intelligent systems volume-1 : knowledge representation social and psychological impact of pam gelepithis  2001.0 
xmark : a benchmark for xml data management a schmidt f waas ml kersten mj carey i vldb 2002.0 
marine barite [ ph. d. thesis ] : university of california t church san diego  
on the decidability and complexity of integrating ontologies and rules r rosati journal of web semantics 2005.0 
infrared extinction and standardization ef milone proceedings of two sessions of iau commissions 25 and 9 held & hellip ; 1989.0 
on the self-similarity of the logistic map zj grzywna ls liebovitch z siwy cellular and molecular biology letters 1997.0 
future domain powerscsi connects peripherals j karney pc magazine 1993.0 
nutrient potential of indigenous fruits and vegetables in sarawak cy sim bh voon proc . 29th annual research officersâ ?? conference & hellip ;  
the case for enhanced abstract data types p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
passive testing and application to the gsm-map protocol m tabourier a cavalli information and software technology 1999.0 
optimal on-line algorithms for single-machine scheduling ja hoogeveen apa vestjens lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
impact on families : young adults with learning disability who show challenging behaviour h qureshi research to practice  
information management for genome level bioinformatics nw paton ca goble proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
novel whispering-gallery resonators for lasers modulators and sensors vs ilchenko l maleki proc .  
sticky prices : ipo pricing on nasdaq and the neuer markt w aussenegg p pichler a stomper   
hickman catheter-related infections in neutropenic patients : insertion in the operating theater jl nouwen jj wielenga h van overhagen js submitted for  
fast breakpoints : design and implementation pb kessler   
la form prã © dicat de la matiere ? j brunschwig & hellip ; sur la mdtaphysique d &#39; aristote proceedings of the sixth & hellip ;  
a model for the software engineering component of a software engineering curriculum dj bagert information and software technology  
design and control of a large call center : asymptotic analysis of an lp-based method a bassamboo jm harrison a zeevi submitted for publication 2004.0 
gr . unhagen a kossmann d. xl : an xml programming language for web service sped . cation and d florescu computer networks  
report on the first ieee international workshop on networking meets databases ( netdbâ ?? 05 ) c shahabi r govindan k aberer sigmod record 2005.0 
global coding interpretive manual : ucla clinic study ca mccarty as lau sm valeri unpublished manuscript  
uk demersal fisheries and the north sea : problems in renewable resource management d symes geography  
improvements in neural-network training and search techniques for continuous digit recognition jp hosom ra cole p cosi & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems (  
1987 no silver bullet : essence and accidents of software engineering fp brooks jr ieee  
may 1996 . [ sow84 ] a. shoshani f. olken and hkt wong . characteristicsofscientific databases . inproc i gubbio 10th international vldb  
impossible geographies of belonging . ' p gemeinboeck proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
sexual dimorphism sex ratios and polygyny in the red-winged blackbird cr haigh  1968.0 
exit-beihilfe zum suizid 1990â ?? 2000 e ulrich medical dissertation . university of zurich switzerland  
a set-handling approach for the no-response test and related methods r potthast submitted for  
parallel algorithms for the execution of relational database operations d bitt831 bittonâ ? ¦ acm trans . database syst  
us postage paid permit no. 8098 ridgely n org   
rank/select operations on large alphabets : a tool for text indexing a golynski ji munro ss rao   
coping with serrano : voluntary contributions to californiaâ ?? s public schools . e brunner j sonstelie santa barbara : university of california at santa barbara . & hellip ;  
efficient processing of spatial joins using r-trees . in : peter buneman sushil jajodia eds t brinkhoff h kriegel b seeger  1993.0 
making and selling bark products j mater r martin d williams r sarles f lamb r proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting in july  
non-market and multicriteria evaluation methods for public goods and urban plans p lombardi & hellip ; of the international conference financial management of & hellip ;  
20910 usa 1991 md ver spring   
graph structure in the web : experiments and models r kumar f maghoul p raghavanâ ? ¦ computer networks  
cloning and characterization of mcrip2 a mouse lim-only protein that interacts with pdz domain iv m van ham h croes j schepens j fransen b genes to cells 2003.0 
rounds on the mass and the moment of inertia of non-rotating neutron stars ag sabbadini ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1976.0 
7000 â ?? optical cross connect systemâ ?? amn hitachi mci demonstration report  
separating stages in the continuation-passing transform . in the acm sigplan-sigact symposium on j lawall o danvy  1993.0 
poster : hierarchical grid location management for large wireless ad hoc networks sj philip c qiao proceedings of acm mobihoc 03 poster session 2003.0 
open systems slowly gaining steam in factory t baer computerworld  
pm68k user 's manual pm inc san diego california  
scale effects in liquefied-fuel-gas vapor dispersion ja fay d ranck  1981.0 
the death of film ? s grotta d grotta pc magazine  
ilog : declarative creation and manipulation ofobject identifiers extended version r hull m yoshikawa & hellip ; of the 16th vldb conference brisbane australia august  
resource management in mobile computing environments s lu v bharghavan proceedings of acm sigcomm  
07632 usa 1983 nj cliffs   
novel applications of super-heated water as the eluent in reversed-phase hplc rm smith proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on high  
solution of inverse problems for scalar parabolic equations using a hyperbolic to parabolic a tamburrino ss udpa submitted for  
wealth reduction in white knight bids a banerjee je owers   
electronic libraries-visions of the future p barker electronic library 1994.0 
limit theorems for stochastic processes j jacod an shiriaev  1987.0 
unsupervised sequence segmentation by a mixture of switching variable memory markov sources y seldin g bejerano n tishby   
when to prototype : decision variables in industry bc hardgrave information and software technology  
encode-fm ( electronic nomenclature and classification of disorders and encounters for family rm bernstein gr hollingworth gs viner   
improv : a system for scripting interactive actors in virtual worlds k perlin a goldberg proceedings of the 23rd annual conference on computer & hellip ; 1996.0 
exploiting location and time for photo search and storytelling in mylifebits a aris j gemmell r lueder   
thromboembolic stroke due to acute ica occlusion l knepper jj wehner ca jungreis h yonas lr proceedings of the 23rd aha international conference on & hellip ;  
current status of r & d in trusted database management systems b thuraisingham acm sigmod record 1992.0 
state of the art in workflow management system research and products . tutorial notes c mohan 5th international conference on extending database & hellip ;  
livny 1993 : m. carey l. haas and m. livny tapes hold data too : challenges of tuples on tertiary h carey proc . acm sigmod  
lssol users guide 1.0 p gill w murray m saunders  1990.0 
mobile harbor alabama dump scow overflow test : preliminary report of findings fd imsand water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
the de dicto domain in language . z frajzyngier approaches to grammaticalization  
graph structure in the web www9 az broder sr kumar f maghoul p raghavan s computer networks  
inducing spatial clustering in spread spectrum ad hoc networks for efficient usage of capacity x yang g de veciana submitted in proc . acm mobihoc may  
home bookmarks publications fis181 fis183 software statistics jj arenzon m nicodemi m sellitto da stariolo y j. physique  
analytical modeling and characterization of deep-submicrometer interconnect d sylvester c hu proceedings-ieee 2001.0 
dosing recommendation for didanosina ( ddi ) in hiv-infected neonates and infants . 42 ndicaac b damle h brett-smith l reynolds s kaul san diego  
inducing content based user models with inductive logic programming techniques me muller   
welfare-improving competition for mobile capital . jd wilson unpublished manuscript 2000.0 
graphic modelling technique for software execution time estimation ra ammar j wang ha scholl information and software technology 1992.0 
two variable orthogonal polynomials and structured matrices am delgado js geronimo p iliev f marcellan   
sophtsticate 's mtroducuon to data base normahzatlon theory proc 4th int c beeri pa bernstein na goodman conf . on very large data bases west berhn germany sept  
tonomuray ( 1997 ) panoramaexcerpts : extracting and packing panoramas for video browsing aa taniguchiy proc . acm multimedia conference  
the cocoon object model mh schollâ ? ¦   
representational bias and test suite design l davis procs . of the 4th intl. conf . on genetic algorithms ( eds . ) & hellip ;  
the mid-cheshire salt industry k walwork geography  
social types : process structure and ethos ; collected studies oe klapp  1971.0 
configuring sessions in programmable networks s choi j turner t wolf computer networks 2003.0 
internet users cruising for info. not purchase e booker computerworld  
the well-posedness of fbsdes ( ii ) j zhang   
automatic induction of rules for e-mail classification . um2001 : 8th int . conf . on user modeling j kay e mccreath & hellip ; on user modeling machine learning and information retrieval  
mining features for sequence classification [ a ] . 5th intl conf on knowledge discovery and data n lesh m zaki m ogihara san diego  
maximum wireless security ( chapter 9 ) c peikari s fogie   
natural products radical reactions d monti p tagliatesta t boschi uã?s di roma t acc . chem . res 1991.0 
potential for the dvelopment of and the possibility of attaining a state of radiation equivalence of eo adamov ba gabaraev ik ganevâ ? ¦ at .  
towards effective software abstractions for application engineering r girardi procs . nasa focus on reuse workshop sept  
transnational diffusion and the african american reinvention of gandhian repertoire s chabot mobilization-san diego - 2000.0 
adding mobility to non-mobile web robots np sudmann d johansen icdcs workshop of knowledge discovery and data mining in the & hellip ; 2000.0 
reuse strategies in software development : an empirical study a pohthong d budgen information & software technology 2001.0 
strongly nonlinear internal solitionsâ ?? analytical models and fully nonlinear computaitons j grue la ostrovsky  2001.0 
uniform object modeling methodology and reuse of real-time system using uml bm duc proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
robust admission control for heterogeneous atm systems with both cell and call qos requirements d mitra mi reiman j wang proc .  
1990 : maternal and child health data base descriptive narrative rl williams santa barbara ca : university of california at santa barbara & hellip ;  
measurement-based guidance of software projects using explicit project plans cm lott hd rombach   
combating web spam with trustrank z gyongyi h garcia-molina j pedersen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
grid computing : case studyâ ?? entelos c metz pc  
in : crawford dl ( ed . ) the iraf data reduction and analysis system instrumentation in astronomy vi d tody proc . spie  
the changing information needs of users in electronic information environments g kebede electronic library 2002.0 
tenncare : the impact of state health care reform on emergency patients and caregivers . kd hulen lm beeler journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 
federal agencies fail security test l didio computerworld  
specification and verification of pipelining in the arm 2 risc microprocessor jk huggins d van campenhout acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems 1998.0 
self-similarity in the web d stephen k ravi m kevin r sridhar d sivakumar proc . vldbâ ?? 01  
complexity and the social w medd   
user needs assessment and evaluation ( working session ) d levy proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
design of an intelligent interface for software planning md brouwer-janse m grunes information and software technology 1987.0 
the doom phenomenon jr neil pc magazine  
a unified approach for analyzing persistent non-persistent and onâ ?? off tcp sessions in the a gupta v sharma   
industrial gums : polysaccharides and their derivatives gh therkelsen  1993.0 
fundaciã ³ n macarthur inventario del desarrollo de habilidades comunicativas [ macarthur communi - d jackson-maldonado e bates d thal san diego : singular  
the variation of plasma energy loss with composition in dilute aluminum-magnesium solid solutions g hibbert jw edington db williams p doig phil . mag. 1972.0 
trees : a unified approach to processing queries that contain subqueries aggregates and quantifiers u dayal o nests proceedings of the 13th vldb aug  
monitoring streamsâ ?? a new class of data management applications b babcock s babu r motwani m datar sigmod  
the â ?? superâ ?? project m andersson am auddino y dupont e fontana m proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives : the digital sky survey a szalayâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm sigmod  
coal gasification research n holt development and demonstration å ? needs and opportunities  
data mining p adriaans d zantinge  1997.0 
on the optimal blocking factor for blocked non-overlapped schedules pk murthy ea lee proc . 28th asilomar conf . signals systems and  
erp system migrations m kremers h van dissel communications-acm 2000.0 
multilingual topic detection and tracking : successful research enabled by corpora and evaluation in c wayne athens greece may  
habitat utilization by black bears in northern california dg kellyhouse international conference on bear research and management  
test needs and error rate predictions approaches for single event transients in fiber optic link pw marshall c poivey cj marshall ra reed at radecs  
art and history of washington dc florence italy : bonechi 1998 i smith r bruce   
a cartesian grid embedded boundary method for poissonâ ?? s equation and the heat equation in three po schwartz m barad p colella tj ligocki submitted for publication  
parallel database systems in the 1990 's mj carey acm computing surveys  
toward an object-oriented framework for defining services in future intelligent networks sj greenspan cl mcgowan mc shekaran   
men who manage : fusions of feeling and theory in administration m dalton  1959.0 
the challenge of ta training in the 1990s jd nyquist rd abbott dh wulff new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
wishart and pseudo-wishart distributions and some applications to shape theory ii r gutierrez-jaimez submitted for publication 1998.0 
on the quantum mechanics of helium ii o penrose phil . mag  
dynamic rate-selection for extending the lifetime of energy-constrained networks n aboughazaleh p lanigan s gobriel d mosse r   
performance engineering of sdl/msc systems a mitschele-thiel b mueller-clostermann computer networks 1999.0 
balancing quality of service pricing and utilisation in multiservice networks with stream and k lindberger proc . itc  
dynamic query evaluation plans g graefe k ward   
value functions optimization and performance evaluation in stochastic network models sp meyn submitted for publication 2003.0 
assessment of the role of renewable energy technologies r banerjee   
state university ofnm jc connolly york  
heteroscedastic one-way anova and lack-of-t test mg akritas n papadatos  2001.0 
on the application of interference methods to astronomical methods aa michelson phil . mag  
on the optimality of conditional expectation as a bregman predictor a banerjee x guo h wang submitted for publication 2003.0 
a abraham ( 2003 ) . agent systems today ; methodological considerations m paprzycki proceedings of 2003 international conference on management  
documentation of the data sources and analytical methods used in the benefit-cost analysis of the d long v knox  1985.0 
tenosynovitis of the wrist gaw gooding a sonographic demonstration . j ultrasound  
the preparation of professional evaluators : issues perspectives and programs . wr shadishâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation 1994.0 
simula session k nygaard oj dahl history of programming languages . acm  
research issues in spatial databases o gihtther a buchmstnn sigmod record  
a recovery model for defensive information warfare b panda s patnaik & hellip ; of the 9th international conference on management of  
an information theoretic analysis of maximum likelihood mixture estimation for exponential families a banerjee i dhillon j ghosh s merugu proc . 21st int . conf . machine learning 2004.0 
position calibration of audio sensors and actuators in a distributed computing platform v raykar i kozintsev r lienhart   
balanced allocations : the heavily loaded case p berenbrink a czumaj a steger b vocking   
extracting all the randomness and reducing the error in trevisan 's extractors r raz o reingold s vadhan   
combinatorial enumeration of groups graphs and chemical compounds g polya rc read  1987.0 
intelligent systems in patient monitoring and therapy management : a survey of research projects . s uckun technical report ksl-93-32 stanford  
entertainment : social gaming . the future of technology ca mangis pc magazine . july  
introducing the personal software process : three industry case studies p ferguson ws humphrey s khajenoori s macke a ieee computer  
techniques for pelvic surgery in subfertility a watson p vandekerckhove r lilford cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the planning-budgeting process : planning as the basis for resource decisions . ns bucklew dj smith new directions for higher education 1986.0 
machine learning for the improvement of scheduling algorithms mj realff g stephanopoulos lispe technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
systems analysis and design methods irwin mcgraw-hill 4th edition 1998 jl whitten ld bentley   
software for interactive on-line conferences - group of 2 & raquo ; sk sarin i greif acm sigois bulletin 1984.0 
software reuse : a key to the maintenance problem hd rombach information and software technology 1991.0 
technical report 26 d mccaughran s hoag iphc seattle washington  
windspeed on mountains ew wahl  1966.0 
who has the role of building in incentives ? . jm bevan new directions for higher education 1985.0 
modelling the semantics of multitasking facilities in concurrent c using petri nets a boujarwah n al-seif k saleh information and software technology 1996.0 
d berger p. sinha s. krishnamurthy m. faloutsos and sk tripathi â ?? alleviating mac layer self - z ye proc . of acm mobicom 2003 poster  
an optimized backout mechanism for sequential updates j arditi very large data bases 1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ; 1979.0 
the emergence of words t regier b corrigan r cabasaan a woodward m   
transcriptional and posttranscriptional regulation of the interleukin-4 and interleukin-3 genes in wha dokter mt esselink sj sierdsema mr halie   
algorithms for translating view updates to database updates for views involving selections am keller proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
manual for the profile of mood states . educational and industrial testing service dm mcnair m lorr lf doppelman  1971.0 
call access publishers network at 1-800-345-0096 t orders bookmasters  
testing a model for the genetic structure of personality : a comparison of the personality systems of ac heath journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
ontologies : a silver bullet for knowledge management and electronic commerce b contents sigmod record 2002.0 
the râ ?? - tree : an efficient androbust access methodfor points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm sigmod  
the major pathways of protein translocation across membranes k ito genes to cells 1996.0 
hate crimes d altschiller santa barbara california ua  
microsoftâ ?? s palladium : a new security initiative m hachman s rupley pc  
ijade web-miner : an intelligent agent framework for internet shopping rst lee jnk liu knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
simulation of behavior of composite grid reinforced concrete beams using explicit finite element fa tavã ¡ rez  2001.0 
methods in enzymology l waxman san diego  
algebraic specification schemes for database systems . sb yao h ehrig hj kreowski h weber proc . 4th vldb west { berlin ( 427 { 440 )  
controlled-atmosphere cone calorimeter intermediate-scale calorimeter and cone corrosimeter fy hshieh rr buch proceedings of the 23rd international conference on fire & hellip ;  
94022 usa 2003 ca los altos   
et zaniolo c. â ?? an implementation of gem : supporting u semanticdata model on a relational back-end s tsur proc . acm-sigmod conference on management of data boston  
object serialisation and deserialisation using xml n bhatti jml goff w hassan z kovacs p martin 10th international conference on management of data ( comad  
meeting the needs of consumers : lessons from business and industry la garrett cl vogt new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
data manager for evolvable real-time command and control systems e hughes r ginis b thuraisingham p krupp j proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
human rights : some perspectives j minker acm sigmod record 1987.0 
efficient polygon amalgamation methods for spatial olap and spatial data mining x zhou d truffet j han   
maximum modems 14,400 bps and rising . fj derfler pc  
architecture-driven component reuse pav hall information and software technology  
chemistry for future [ j ] r breslow acc chem res  
a reduced-order model of time-delay induced combustion instability jp hathout m fleifil am annaswamy af ghoniem technical report 2003 massachusetts institute of technology  
brainlink : a software tool supporting the development of an eeg-based brain-computer interface t felzer b freisleben submitted for publication 2001.0 
state space caching revisited . von bochmann g. and probst dk p godefroid gj holzmann d pirottin proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer - & hellip ;  
engineering performance for the future of intelligence a ingham j graham p hendy bt technology journal 2005.0 
itâ ?? s not who you hire itâ ?? s who you keep j champy computerworld  
stellar structure s chandrasekhar new york  
nested tra # actzons for engmeenng destgn databases w ktm r lone d mcnabb w plouffe proc 10th int conf on vldb singapore aug  
â ?? direction and motion control in the grand tour d cook a buja j cabrera computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
negative information weighs more heavily on the brain : the negativity bias in evaluative ta ito jt larsen nk smith jt cacioppo journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
querying the le s abiteboul s cluet t milo proceedings of the vldb conference  
evidence of an energy transfer reaction between atomic hydrogen and argon ii or helium ii as the r mills p ray b dhandapani   
e cient similarity search and classi cation via rank aggregation r fagin r kumar d sivakumar proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
u > finite-state syntax-directed braille translation < / u > jk millen technical report mtr-1829 mitre corporation bedford  
interactive quantitative multispectral imaging in analytical microscopy p ingram da kopf a lefurgey microbeam analysis proc . 28th ann . meeting new orleans la  
practical optimization of simulations : computation and tools k sinapiromsaran  2000.0 
youth suicide risk and sexual orientation pa rutter e soucar adolescence-san diego - 2002.0 
the exodus optimizer generator procs g graefe d dewitt acm sigmod ( san francisco may  
turning an art into a craft : automatic bindingtime improvement m sperber p thiemann  1995.0 
analysis and numerical solution of a nonlinear cross-diffusion system arising in population dynamics g galiano submitted for publication 2000.0 
temperate field corn study 1991 thru 1993 . p. 40-47 ea hanlon db shibles tc riddle polk county mined lands agricultural research/demonstration & hellip ;  
for geometric objects 4th international symposium on spatial data handling pv oosterom ecoii methods zurich switzerland p  
a rich counter for antimatter and isotope identification in the cosmic radiation p carison t francke m suffert n weber proceedings of the 23rd international cosmic ray conference & hellip ;  
leap : a fipa platform for handheld and mobile devices f bergenti a poggi lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
semi-invariant submanifolds of a sasakian manifold a bejancu n papaghiuc to  
path queries on compressed xml pbmgc koch  2003.0 
impaired predator evasion in fat blackcaps ( sylvia atricapilla ) c kullberg t fransson s jakobsson proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
matlab-simulink-stateflow oldenbourg 2003 a angermann m beuschel m rau u wohlfahrt   
required speeds of fossil fuel phase-out under a 2 degree c global warming limit f krause  1990.0 
evaluating data mining procedures : techniques for generating artificial data sets pd scott e wilkins information and software technology 1999.0 
data management research at the mitre corporation a rosenthal l seligman c mccollum b blaustein sigmod record 1995.0 
goverance ownership and corporate entrepreneurship : the moderating impact of industry sa zahra the academy of management journal 1996.0 
new orleans louisiana usa 2001 acm szgzr  2001.0 
adaptive systems : past present and future k narendra plenary session procs . acc  
visual data mining in atmospheric science data m macãªdo d cook tj brown data mining and knowledge discovery 2000.0 
a dynamic programming approach to optimal integrated code generation c kessler a bednarski   
reuse of planâ ?? based knowledge sources in a uniform tagâ ?? based generation system k harbusch j woch   
cryst . lattice defects amorph . mater f rodriguez m moreno a tressaud jp chaminade  1987.0 
knowledge ` czars ' fall from grace b cole-gomolski computerworld  
carbon nanotubes in electron donor-acceptor nanocomposites dm guldi gma rahman f zerbetto m prato acc . chem . res 2005.0 
consequences of abusive supervision bj tepper academy of management journal 2000.0 
clinical biochemistry of domestic animals 4th ed : academic press jj kaneko san diego california  
parallelism and concurrency control performance in distributed database machines mj carey m livny   
performance analysis of an enhanced pcm thermal control unit em alawadhi ch amon   
land degradation state power and peasant livelihood in attappadi ( kerala state india ) wr hoeschele geography  
the past present and future of web services part 1 u ogbuji   
stochastic time-optimal control problems w zhang   
angry adolescents who worry about becoming violent me silver tm field ce sanders m diego adolescence-san diego - 2000.0 
the future of ethics in evaluation : developing the dialogue dl newman new directions for program evaluation 1995.0 
roadside barrier testing rh grzebietaâ ? ¦ at icrash  
option pricing with infinitely divisible returns n schumacher  1997.0 
web services ( industrial session ) f cabrera   
chain : operator scheduling for memory minimization in stream systems b brian b shivnath d mayur m rajeev proceedings international conference on management of data & hellip ;  
co-opting the future jc dvorak pc magazine  
daisy : a simulationâ ?? based highâ ?? level synthesis tool for modulators k francken p vancorenland g gielen proceedings ieee/acm international conference on computerâ ??  
schneider r seeger b. the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n berkmann k hp proc . of the acm sigmod conf . atlantic  
a scorm-compliant content repository management system for teachers at primary & secondary school jt yang cy tsai proceedings of icalt2003 . athens : greece  
self-injurious behav - penn jv esposito cl schaeffer le fritz gk & spirito a. ( 2003 ) s herpertz suicide at  
electrical stimulation of the medial prefrontal cortex increases dopamine release in the striatum mt taber hc fibiger neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
andangelasgori . 1992 . activelearning : perspectives on learning that leads to personal development la cavaliere new directions for adult and continuing  
1994 . multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkho hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
heterogeneous knowledge based systems and situational awareness d rochowiak l interrante d. rochowiak and l. interrante ) . in proceedings of aaai &#39; 91 & hellip ;  
conflict detection replicated data mj carey m livny acm transactions on database systems 1991.0 
dce extending practical pre-aggregation in on-line analytical processing tb pedersen cs jensen proceedings of the 25th international conference on very  
personal conversion and open project files pa burdette walkersville md. : monocacy watershed project demonstration & hellip ;  
government web pages : the lights are on but nobody is home j johnson electronic library 1996.0 
stochastic processes e parzen   
kinetics of the acid catalyzed conversion of xylose to furfural df root  1956.0 
tourism as a community industry : an ecological model of tourism development pe murphy tourism management  
mixed systems : combining physical and digital worlds l nigay e dubois p renevier l pasqualetti j proc . hci int  
towards human-centred intelligent systemsâ ?? the intelligent assistant d djian n azarmi b azvine kc tsui w wobcke bt technology journal 2000.0 
substrate interactions with the nitrogenase active site . pc dos santos ry igarashi hi lee bm hoffman lc acc . chem . res 2005.0 
support vector clustering a ben-hur d horn ht siegelmann v vapnik journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
efficient and effective cluster method for spatial data mining r ng j han proceedings of the 20th international conference of very & hellip ;  
ã ? . bã © jar r. muro-medrano pr ( 2003 ) . distributed access to a hydrological administrative m latre proceedings 9 thec-gi & gis workshop esdi june 25-27 2003 a  
urban . an approach to the classification of domain models in support of analogical reuse ch lung e joseph proc . acm  
active databases as a paradign for enhanced computing environments m mo morgenstern proc . conference on very large  
bye-bye pentium ? mmxpectations . b howard pc  
model reduction of large scale systems with application to a pulp digester pa wisnewski fj doyle iii proceedings of d > cops  
a novel growth and cell cycle-regulated protein activates human cdc7-related kinase and is essential h kumagai n sato m yamada d mahony w seghezzi  1998.0 
the challenge for kinetic simulations of substorm growth and onset pl pritchett fv coroniti sixth intern . conf . on substorms seattle washington  
low-latency communication over fast ethernet m welsh a basu t von eicken lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
the qualitative-quantitative debate : new perspectives . cs reichardt sf rallisâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation 1994.0 
reversible systems mb sevryuk  1987.0 
penetration of energetic ions through open channels in a crystal lattice rs nelson mw thompson phil . mag  
mathematics and geography jp cole geography  
ti . p. kriegel and b. seeger : '' efficient processing of spatial join using r-trees t brinkhoff proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod  
max weber : an intellectual portrait r bendix   
practical knowledge representation for the web . in . fensel f van harmelen d. ( ed . ) . proceedings of the ijcai &#39; 99 workshop on intelligent  
inc. â ?? dynamic content acceleration : a caching solution to enable scalable dynamic web page c technologies proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on mgmt . of data  
projecting xml elements a marian j simã © on int . conference on very large databases vldbâ ?? 03  
global perspectives in a new world . teacher 's resources . ph porterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
on extending the functions of a relational database system rl haskin ra lorie   
freshwater ecology : concepts and environmental applications : academic press wk dodds san diego california  
a randomness conserved exponential mapping of gf ( q ) m-sequence . r niefer jh chiu yh huang proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ; 1991.0 
optical packet switching with multiple path routing g castanon l tancevski l tamil computer networks 2000.0 
the case for enhanced abstract data types . 23rd vldb conf p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan athens greece  
sagivy . queries independent of updates ay levy proc . 19th vldb  
model indepenient & ertions for integration of heterogeneous schemas s soaccaoietra p parent y dunont vldb journal no  
seizing the moment b machrone pc magazine 1993.0 
impact of hepatitis c in long-functioning renal transplants : a clinicopathological follow-up jm morales ma munoz g castellano f colina transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
a search structure for large multimedimensional dynamicindexes jt robinson proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference  
who packed the suitcase ? playing the role of an archaeologist/anthropologist . jd laney pa moseley social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
automatic verification of parameterized synchronous systems ea emerson ks namjoshi lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
optimizing parallel bitonic sort ke schauser  1996.0 
lifetime of the 1 . 959 mev state in cl-36 ( abstract only ) a kuronen j keinonen p tikkanen a kangasmaki oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
organ donation : the challenge for emergency nursing j cox journal of emergency nursing 1986.0 
implementation of a portable fortran 77 compiler using modern tools si feldman acm sigplan notices 1979.0 
adaptive record clustering y ct lk suen mk siu acm transactions on database systems  
edinburgh 2003 jm scott tw green   
a synthesis of the effects of welfare-to-work programs on children pa morris ac huston g duncan d crosby j bos new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
declarative updates of relational databases w chen acm transactions on database systems 1995.0 
structure and bonding jm lehn acc . chem . res  
seven issues '' : revisited . closing plenary address fg halasz proceedings of acm hypertext  
data on the webâ '' b nguyen s abiteboul g cobena m preda xml proceedings of the acm-sigmod  
reopening of facilitiesâ ?? c opening submitted for  
the theory of joins in relational databases av ario c beer jd ullman acm trans . database syst  
s + spatialstats userâ ?? s manual version 1.0 ms inc mathsoft inc. seattle washington usa  
ise integrated system engineering iset manual zurich switzerland  
please donâ ?? t call it knowledge management r garner computerworld  
j neurosci meth ( 2003 ) m gazzoni d farina r merletti   
mendrup : a bonpo ritual for the benefit of all living beings and for the empowerment of medicine m kind  1999.0 
enhanced cd with up-shift and down-shift damping of ec waves on fast electrons in ftu g granucci a bruschi s cirant b esposito d   
traffimaticsâ ?? intelligent co-operative vehicle highway systems g bilchev d marston n hristov e peytchev n bt technology journal 2004.0 
a conceptual architecture for semantic enabled web services c bussler a maedche d fensel acm sigmod  
global use of strategies to open coronary arteries investigators ( gusto ) am lincoff rm califf f van de werfâ ? ¦ mortality  
global technology diffusion and the american research university . tc collins sa tillmanâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1988.0 
b. bhattacharjee . and c. kommareddy . scalable application layer multicast s banerjee proceedings of acm sigeomm august  
data grid management systems a rajasekar a jagatheesan proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
improvement of nephrotoxicity hypertension and lipid metabolism after conversion of kidney s friemann e feuring w padberg w ernst transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
u-tel : a tool for eliciting user task models from domain expert r chung-man dt maulsby a puerta proceedings acm  
the future of information systems-using social systems to create protocols for the virtual c kimble t conkar international engineering management conference 1996.0 
query processing in the schemaless and semistructured context s cluet g moerkotte unpublished manuscript  
distributed concurrency control performance : a study of algorithms distribution and replication mj carey m livny vldb 1988.0 
markov chains and stochastic stability sp meyn rl tweedie  1993.0 
counter current studies on actinide partitioning from sulphate bearing simulated high level waste ds deshingkar  1993.0 
autecology of young-of-the-year brook trout ( salvelinus fontinalis ) in the emerald lake system ( cr soiseth  1992.0 
replicated data management in distributed database systems sh son sigmod record 1988.0 
8 thed . aoac international gaithersburg ba manual md  
the effect of latitudinally varying solar wind flux on the lyman alpha sky background ( abstract only ) t summanen e kyrola r lallement jl bertaux oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
whither speech ? - the future of telephony av lewis f westall bt technology journal 1996.0 
service level management with agent technology t bissel m bogen c bonkowski v hadamschek computer networks 2000.0 
effect of added dietary fat on exercising horses km greiwe tn meacham jp fontenot   
sur la theorie non commutative de lâ ?? integration a connes  1979.0 
february 12 2003 professor of biology eastern washington university telephone conversation a scholz ecology and environment inc. seattle  
silver . on the singular cardinals problem h jack proc . int . congr . math . vancouver  
reconsidering mutli-dimensional schemas t martyn sigmod record 2004.0 
an advanced on-line wind resource prediction system for the optimal management of wind parks g kariniotakis d mayer cd-proceedings of the medpower conference athens greece  
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access mehod for points and rectangles t brinkhoff hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm sigmod  
hyponatremia and seizures in an ultradistance triathlete-current concepts on pathogenesis and db speedy i rogers s safih b foley journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
self-similarity through high-variability : statistical analysis of ethernet lan traffic at the source w williger ms taqqu we leland dv wilson proceedings of acm sigcomm  
the outreach impact and sustainability of group-based credit : empirical evidence from rural chile s hauge  1998.0 
electrochemical power conversion ar despic proc of the 29th iupac congress cologne 1983.0 
roles of adult males in grizzly bear population biology sf stringham international conference on bear research and management  
telepresenceâ ?? the future of telephony gr walker pj sheppard bt technology journal 1997.0 
a knowledge based structural design of machine tools for fms/fmc k iwata n sugimura proc . of 21st int . seminar of manufacturing  
pierre auger collaboration s argiroâ ? ¦ proc . 28th icrc ( tsukuba japan 2003 )  
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries g gottlob c koch r pichler acm transactions on database systems 2005.0 
corrections : perspectives on research policy and impact jw newton pg zimbardo  1975.0 
affective intelligenceâ ?? the missing link ? rw picard g cosier bt technology journal 1997.0 
design of a simulation environment based on software agents and the high level architecture z maamar information & software technology 2003.0 
evidence of energetic reaction between helium and hydrogen species in rf generated plasmas j phillips c chen   
on the solution of reroute sequence planning problem in mpls networks bg jozsa m makai computer networks 2003.0 
a realization of a concurrent object-oriented programming language ch jo cj lee j son proc . acm symposium on applied computing  
grid and applications ( industrial session ) f leymann vldb 2003.0 
bpredator : a resource for database research â ?? â ?? p seshadri sigmod  
morse â ?? m hopper csp demonstration  
a study of concurrency control in real-time active database systems a datta sh son ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2002.0 
mathgridlink-a bridge between mathematica and the grid d tepeneu t ida procs . jssst03  
a study on the framework of grid based decision support system c jiayu c xueguang s ling proceedings of 2003 international conference on management & hellip ;  
perspectives on pricing . lh litten new directions for higher education 1986.0 
globalizaciã ³ n inmigraciã ³ n y educaciã ³ n universidad de granada granada e gervilla   
cell structures for future dramâ ?? s h sunami   
implementation of an agent-based business process g pang   
the impact of xml on databases and data sharing l seligman a rosenthal   
ncgia research initiative 3 technical report : multiple representation bp buttenfield  1990.0 
india 's nuclear posture after pokhran ii k bajpai   
efficient dynamic-programming updates in partially observable markov decision processes ml littman ar cassandra lp kaelbling   
automatic video annotation using ontologies extended with visual information m bertini a del bimbo c torniai proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
c++ as the living language s boris pc-magazine russian  
s-plus 2000 : programmerâ ?? s guide i mathsoft & hellip ; analysis products division mathsoft seattle washington  
ecomrisk . org : an e-commerce security resource f makedon c heckmanâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer & hellip ;  
global ventures and alliances n milway bt technology journal 2000.0 
ground state properties of the anisotropic triangular antiferromagnet p fazekas pw anderson phil . mag. 1974.0 
weathering : its products and deposits ks balasubramaniam  1989.0 
data stream management system for mavhome q jiang s chakravarthy   
sequnce query processing p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan proc . of the acm sigmod conf. pages430441 minneapolis mn & hellip ;  
screening for vitamin d depletion am parfitt lancet i 1984.0 
on the optimality of disk allocation for cartesian product files ( extended abstract ) kas abdel-ghaffar   
1157 : â ?? a simple network management protocol ( snmp ) â ?? : may 1990 j. case snmp research m. fedor rfc ietf mit laboratory for computer science . ( status :  
the complexity of transformation-based join enumeration a pellenkoft1t2 ca galindo-legaria m kersten   
state constitutionalism and the domain of normative theory db rodriguez san diego law review 2000.0 
but perhaps the wily gardiner had prudently ingratiated himself with anderson ( who as we know was cj anderson   
the grid file : an adaptable symmetric multikey fik w-ture j nievergelt h hinterberger kc sevcik acm trans . on database systems  
universal plug and play in windows xp t fout   
massive subgaleal hematoma following minor head trauma . ds cooling p viccellio journal of emergency medicine 1991.0 
the effects of geology and large organic debris on stream channel morphology and process for streams t tally  1980.0 
interactions between excitation and unmodelled dynamics in adaptive control kj astrom proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference on decision and & hellip ;  
extracting comprehensible models from trained neural networks mw craven  1996.0 
census of marine life : fishing industry perspectives tj lassen oceanography-washington dc-oceanography society - 1999.0 
an open source framework for adaptive inifiniband-based cluster and grid computing in the presence s frechette dr avresky submitted for  
linking physical worlds to logical worlds with mobile agents i satoh proceedings of international conference on mobile data & hellip ; 2004.0 
design for performance of broadband signalling and services d morris am elvidge bt technology journal 1998.0 
december 1990 compiling scientific code using partial evaluation a berlin d weise ieee  
the diplomatic ideas and practices ofasian states . 1990 a kapur   
a theory of the viscosity of liquids-part ii enc andrade phil . mag  
normalisation and hierarchical dependencies in the relational data model acm tans c delobel database syst  
interaction and concurrency in a declarative programming language jw lloyd submitted for publication  
needs of grieving spouses in sudden death situations : a pilot study j fanslow journal of emergency nursing 1983.0 
interactive cross-platform promise of java . rv dragan pc magazine  
materials science and engineering m grujicic g cao s batchu   
open market stock repurchase signaling wj mcnally   
check-list of birds of the world e mayr jc greenway jr ix : i-xii  
multi-disk management m livny s khoshafian h boral proceedings of acm sigmetrics  
directions in software engineering for parallel systems ie jelly proc . of the 28th hawaiian conference on systems science & hellip ;  
coloured petri nets : a high level language for system design and analysis k jensen springer-verlag 1991.0 
ho . a. dill j. and henigman f. the continuous zoom : a constrained fisheye technique for viewing l bartram proceedings of acm  
frontal lobe functioning in adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder wv reeve sl schandler adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
magnetic bubbles and relational data base h chang 4th international conference on very large data bases sept  
phylip users manual v3 . 4 j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
data mining for web intelligence j han   
models and issues in data streams b babcock s babu m datar r motwani j widom proc . 21st acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . principles of & hellip ;  
â ?? sim : a database system based on semantic model . d jagannathan rl guck bl fritchman jp thompson proceedings of sigmod international conference on management  
diagnosis of asynchronous discrete event systems : datalog to the rescue ! s abiteboul z abrams s haar t milo   
field-flow fractionation-inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry : a powerful new analytical r beckett at . spectrosc  
one approach for generalization of real-time distributed systems benchmarking ni kamenoff proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ; 1996.0 
â ?? active server pages programmierung â ?? s hillier  1997.0 
fine art of negotiating . g karrass computerworld. 1981.0 
fast randomized join-order selection-why use transformations ? c galindo-legaria a pellenkoft ml kersten vldb 1994.0 
design reuse in hypermedia application development d schwabe a garrido g rossi proc . of acm  
constructingsuperviews amp buneman & hellip ; conference on management of data acm new york  
building a secure location transparent object invocation system dm putzolu proceedings of the 4th international workshop on object - & hellip ; 1995.0 
types distribution and test and correction times for programming errors ml shooman mi bolsky acm sigplan notices 1975.0 
the grid : tabu search kluwer academic publishers 1998 f glover m laguna   
a super scalar sort algorithm for risc urocessors ca lami ramesh proc . sigmod intl. conf : on managâ ?? ement of data  
past and present of andean indian society : the otavalos a males see ref  
whatâ ?? s the difference ? characteristics of mathematically talented men and women who do not pursue cj weinberger unpublished paper university of california santa barbara  
the fifth discipline : the art and practice of the learning organization pm senge new york  
linguistic types of aphasia r jakobson see ref  
radical biology : advances and perspectives on the function of plant roots . american society of plant he flores jp lynch d eissenstat md  
growth and perfection of crystals n cabrera da vermilyea new york  
java speed trials rv dragan l seltzer pc magazine  
leadership is an art reiters.com   
microscopy research and techniques y chen d pope   
domain analysis : an introduction r prieto-diaz acm sigsoft software engineering notes 1990.0 
accelerated learning : future roles and influences rj wlodkowski ce kasworm new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
properties of the groupby/aggregate relational operator mm joshi ca galindo-legaria technical report microsoft 2001 .  
concepts and theories of human development rm lemer  1986.0 
randomized join order selection-why use transformations c galindo-legaria a pellenkoft m kersten the international conference on very large data bases  
environmental ethical decision making in the us metal-finishing industry bl flannery dr may academy of management journal 2000.0 
exploiting constraints indesign synthesis j finger technical report stan-cs-88-1204 stanford university  
effective clustering methods for spatial data mining rt ng jh efficient & hellip ; . of twentieth international conference on very large data & hellip ;  
k. kim w. kim h.-j. korth hf ( 1987 ) . semantics and implementation of schema evolution in b banerjee proc . acmsigmod conf. san francisco  
curriculum vitae june 2003 sn durlauf  1987.0 
practical aspects of declarative debugging in haskell-98 b pope l naish   
bridging real and virtual worlds with electronic tags r want k fishkin b harrison a gujar proc . acm  
ultrasound enhanced soil washing . environ . geotechnol jn meegoda d ho rm frederick proc . int . symp  
current research into specialized processors for text information retrieval la hollaar dc roberts vldb  
on the motion of the lorentz electron ga schott phil . mag  
exploring the use of bittorrent as the basis for a large trace repository a bellissimo bn levine p shenoy   
a cartesian grid embedded boundary method for hyperbolic conservation laws p colella dt graves bj keen d modiano submitted for publication 2004.0 
data management system for grid and portal services p grzybowski c mazurek m wolski   
effect of the duration of bee pollination on fruit setandyield ofapple . abstract 2004 p benedek j nyeki proceedings of the 23rd international horticultural congress  
the structure and complexity of nash equilibria for a selfish routing game d fotakis s kontogiannis e koutsoupias m lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
towards on open architecture for egfhe d chimenti r gamboa r krishnamurthy  1989.0 
parameterized complexity for the skeptic r downey   
the fsn challenge : large-scale interactive television c blank   
the grid le : an adaptable symmetric multikey le structure j nievergelt h hinterberger kc sevcik acm transactions on database systems  
california dob index ( 1990 's from acpl e-resources ) '' c csra  1800.0 
c and ullman j d. the theory ofjoms in relational databases i aho b av acm trans database syst  
heat transfer in meat dr heldman proc . 28th annual reciprocal meat conference of the american & hellip ;  
the dissimilatory sulfate-and sulfur-reducing bacteria f widdel ta hansen the prokaryotes 1992.0 
mobile computing with windows xp j calhoon   
segmentation du son en se basant sur la distance de kullback leibler h harb l chen jy auloge proceedings of the 7ã ¨ mes journã © es d &#39; ã?tudes et d &#39; ã?changes & hellip ;  
state of the art of low noise amplifiers for semiconductor radiation detectors v radeka proc . int . symp . nuclear  
warding off pc threats . mh ainsworth computerworld. 1987.0 
software reliability modelling : the state of the art p mellor information and software technology 1987.0 
security works t anderson l arbetter a benawides a longmore - security management  
the challenge of helping low-income fathers support their children c miller v knox   
fast np chunking using memory-based learning techniques j veenstra proceedings of benelearn 1998.0 
all channels openâ ?? multimodal human/computer interfaces pj wyard ge churcher bt technology journal 2000.0 
la grande dã © sillusion ã?ditions lgf 2003 je stiglitz   
stochastic heat and wave equations on a lie group s peszat s tindel   
ambulant : a fast multi-platform open source smil player dca bulterman j jansen k kleanthous k blom d proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
constrained rotary mr damper design and its application movicâ ?? 98 sh kim y park proc . of int . conf. zurich switzerland  
lexique et groupes consonantiques v aubergã © lj boã `` jp lefevre proceedings of the 17th journã © es d &#39; etudes sur la parole  
component reuse in software design : an observational study d budgen a pohthong submitted for  
living with agents j collis s soltysiak d ndumu n azarmi bt technology journal 2000.0 
the book of indian animals . 4th impression sh prater  1993.0 
a heightfield on an isometric grid m mcguire pg sibley proceedings of acm siggraph 2004 2004.0 
open planning scheduling and constraint management architectures h beck a tate bt technology journal 1995.0 
state alzheimerâ ?? s association conference j cummings santa barbara california : november  
extending logic programming d vermeir e laenens d sacca proceedings of the sigmod  
optimal software testing and adaptive software testing in the context of software cybernetics ky cai information and software technology 2002.0 
hierarchical random-walk algorithms for power grid analysis h qian ss sapatnekar   
users loathe to share their know-how b cole-gomolski computerworld  
on two species of porphyra from san juan island washington v krishnamurthy proc . int . seaweed symp  
discrete orthogonal transforms and neural networks for image interpolation m oravec j polec radioengineering-prague - 1999.0 
the md5 message-digest algorithm s dusse r rivest rfc 1321 mit laboratory for computer science rsa data security  
the college and the future : a policy perspective . dg trites new directions for higher education 1975.0 
data mining : practical machine learning tools and techniques with java implementations ih witten e frank  1999.0 
computer-aided methodology engineering m heym h osterle information and software technology 1993.0 
the history of machine translation in a nutshell j hutchins   
an environment for an operating system jr goodroe gf leonard proc . acm 17th nat . conf  
the rhet system jf allen acm sigart bulletin 1991.0 
tutorial : state of the art in workflow management system research and products . a tutorial at the c mohan  1996.0 
international criminal law 1990 vol f malekian   
whoâ ?? s vouching for whom in e-commerce c cornell e frye computerworld  
a scan-driven sort facility for a relational database system t haerder vldb 1977.0 
choosingyour isp t pompili pc magazine  
effectiveness of transient immunosuppression using cyclosporine for xenomyoblast transplantation for hk haider sj jiang l ye s aziz pk law ekw sim transplantation proceedings 2004.0 
industrial organization js bain  1968.0 
low dose botulinum toxin a is effective in focal hyperhidrosis op kreyden r schaffner g burg   
mitogen-activated protein kinase p38 defines the common senescence-signalling pathway h iwasa j han f ishikawa genes to cells 2003.0 
population dynamics species interactions and non-equilibrium coexistence within rodent communities ar blaustein  1978.0 
video adaptation : concepts technologies and open issues sf chang a vetro proceedings of the ieee 2005.0 
on a universal tendency in nature to the dissipation of mechanical energy w thomson phil . mag  
fewer asps more services m schwartz computerworld  
the performance of concurrency control algorithms for dbms & proc . 10th intl mj carey m stonebmker conf . on very large data bases singapore august  
fast cross-validation for high-breakdown resampling algorithms for pca 2004 m hubert s engelen   
the future engineering of software : a management perspective vr basili   
active xml : peer-to-peer data and web services integration ( demo ) s abiteboul o benjelloun i manolescu t milo r proc . of vldb 2002.0 
lagrangian support vector machines ol mangasarian dr musicant journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
automatic resource compilation by analysing hyperlink structure and associated text p raghavan ibm almaden research center  
transforming the â ?? weakest linkâ ?? â ?? a human/computer interaction approach to usable and effective ma sasse s brostoff d weirich bt technology journal 2001.0 
adoption and focus : practical linear types for imperative programming r deline m fahndrich proceedings of acm sigplan conference on programming & hellip ; 2002.0 
the dynabook : past present and future a kay a goldberg acm press history series 1988.0 
a declarative similarity framework for knowledge intensive cbr b dä ± az-agudo pa gonzalez-calero   
the xyleme project s abiteboul s cluet g ferran mc rousset computer networks 2002.0 
optimization of dynamic query execution plans r cole g graefe proc . of the acm sigmod int .  
effective view naviation gw furnas proc of acm chi97  
stochastic processes on polish spaces j homann-jrgensen unpublished manuscript  
a back-extraction procedure for the dithiocarbamate solvent extraction method . rapid determination s sachsenberg t klenke we krumbein e zeeck analytical and bioanalytical chemistry 1992.0 
alphasort : a cache-sensitive parallel external sort c nyberg t barclay z cvetanovic j gray d lomet the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
overlay routing vs multihoming : an end-to-end perspective a akella j pang b maggs s seshan a shaikh proc . acm sigcomm  
some statistical-estimation methods for stochastic finite-state transducers d picã ³ f casacuberta machine learning 2001.0 
revue des connaissances actuelles sur la sensibilite alâ ?? electricitc statique des substances r rat m roux jp chaumat proceedings of the joumees dâ ?? etudes sur la sensibilite des  
seamless mobility across ip networks using mobile ip . ma sanmateu f paint l morand s tessier p computer networks 2002.0 
bernstein and n. goodman.â ?? timestamp-bascd algorithms for concurrency control in distributed b pa proceedings of the 6th international conference on vldb & hellip ;  
on the oxidation of metals at low temperature and the influence of light n cabrera phil . mag  
integrated manufacturing and human resource management : a human capital perspective sa snell jw dean jr the academy of management journal 1992.0 
open decdtm : constraint based transaction management j klein fu iv   
boston a paterson is groupoids b their operator to  
shelxtl5 . 2 s lee sr lovelace dj arford sj geib sg weber acc . chem .  
population genetics & fishery management n ryman f utter  1987.0 
rule-based workflow management for bioinformatics j conery j catchen m lynch the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
seven mile boots-implications of an everyday interface m pichlmair proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
fastsort : a distributed single-input single-output external sort b salzberg a tsukerman j gray m stuewart s acm sigmod record 1990.0 
a new control structure for transformation-based generators tj biggerstaff lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
regularized principal manifolds aj smola s mika rc williamson journal of machine learning research 2001.0 
flowering plants of the san benitos islands baja california mexico sa junak r philbrick proceedings of the fifth california islands symposium 2000.0 
information warfare and security hv jagadish acm sigmod record 2001.0 
theoretical and practical issues in the preferred argument structure of brazilian portuguese r dutra & hellip ; barbara : unpublished monograph . university of california  
introduction background and international perspectives : korean history culture and education sj paik international journal of educational research 2001.0 
some reviews of current literature eh sibley acm sigmod record 1973.0 
approximations for a multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkhoff hp kriegel   
sampling grid colorings with fewer colors d achlioptas m molloy c moore f van bussel lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
modularity in the design and standardisation of open systems . d beech computer networks 1984.0 
conference tutorial notes : data mining techniques j han proceedings of acm sigmod international  
object-oriented software engineeringâ ?? a use case driven approach addison-wesley 1992 i jacobson m christerson p jonsson   
on the reproductive biology of the strictly protected plants of cyprus cc kadis  1995.0 
a unifying view of knowledge representation for inductive learning af bowers c giraud-carrier jw lloyd submitted for publication  
the human impact on the environment . s metcalfe geography 1991.0 
automatic conversion of vhdl programs into cases p gomes c bento   
dynamic content acceleration : a caching solution to enable scalable dynamic web page generation kdkrh thomas a datta d vandermeer proceeding of the fifteenth acm symposium on operating & hellip ;  
atlas of protein sequence and structure vol 5 . natl biomed res found silver springs mo dayhoff md  
new complex material wood ceramic-their properties k nishimoto k tsunoda proceedings of $ 5.03-04 session iufro d  
modeling battlefield sensor environments with an object database management system ma woyna jh christiansen cw hield kl simunich   
j. stone ec waddington cj garrard & binns wr 1990 i tl k mh proc . 21st int . cosmic-ray  
a global emergency s rupley pc magazine  
applying writing guidelines to web pages j morkes j nielsen proceedings of acm chi &#39; 98 conference on human factors in & hellip ; 1998.0 
active xml : peer-to-peer data and web serivces integration ( demo ) s abiteboul o benjelloun i manolescu t milo r proceedings of the international vldb  
on frequency assignment in mobile automatic telephone systems a gamst w rave proc . globecom  
bio-keys sw grotta pc magazine  
effect of the antimigraine drugs ergotamine dihydroergotamine and methysergide on cranial elh spierings pr saxena submitted for  
implementing a generalized access path structure for a relational database system t haerder acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
panoramaexcerpts : extracting and packing panoramas for video browsing y tanigushi a akutsu y tonomura proc . acm multimedia  
lagrangian support vector machine classification ol mangasarian dr musicant journal of machine learning research  
the case for enhanced abstract data types r ramakrishnan p seshadri m livny proc . of vldb  
on-to-knowledge : semantic web enabled knowledge management j davies d fensel f van harmelen  2002.0 
microsoft terraserver : a spatial data warehouse tbjgd slutz arxiv preprint cs.db / 9907016 1999.0 
erp flops point to user 's plans c stedman computerworld  
ocr puts pages in your pc '' a poor pc magazine  
implementing xquery 1.0 : the galax experience m fernandez j simeon b choi a marian g sur proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
hamiltoniens periodiques sur les varietes symplectiques compactes de dimension 4 geometrie m audin proceedings  
dan suciu stream processing xpath quedes with predicates ak gupta  2003.0 
sagas ksh garca-molina proc . of the sigmod international conference on management & hellip ;  
lepton flavour eigenstates do not exist if neutrinos are massive : â ?? neutrino oscillationsâ ?? jh field   
kerola ( 1998 ) '' towards deeper co-understanding of software quality i tervonen information and software  
reviews section v organisations journal of european area studies 2001.0 
recovery of high current arcs at higher voltages f unger-weber thesis technical university braunschweig  
sequence organization ea schegloff unpublished manuscript  
state of the art of commercial technology and research in workflow management a sheth   
housing the worker : the employment linkage as a force in urban structure je vance jr economic geography 1966.0 
a tight upper bound on the number of candidate patterns f geerts b goethals j van den bussche acm transactions on database systems 2005.0 
combinatorial and experimental results for randomized point algorithms p raghavan s irani proc . 12th . acm . scg  
a layered approach to building open aspect-oriented systems p netinant t elrad m fayad communications-acm 2001.0 
crossing the broadband divide t spangler pc magazine  
elxsi data management services exhibition program n whyte 10th vldb conference singapore  
on the performance of orthogonal source separation algorithms jf cardosoâ ? ¦   
improved fast correlation attacks on stream ciphers via convolutional codes t johansson f joensson lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
s-plus 2000 release 1 . ms inc & hellip ; data analysis products division : seattle washington  
usa wa seattle to appear  
a real-time multiple lane tracker for an autonomous road vehicle kp wershofen v graefe procs .  
the present status of our knowledge about pigeon homing hg wallraff proc . int . orn . congr  
data compression and database performance g graefe l shapiro   
refining mappings from relational tables to ontologies y an a borgida j mylopoulos proceedings vldb workshop on the semantic web and databases & hellip ;  
structure and function of the glycocalyx s ito fed . proc 1969.0 
a modest model of records inheritance and bounded quantification k bruce g longo   
techniques for solving graph problems in parallel pm hochschild ew mayr ar siegel proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on the foundations & hellip ;  
g-whiz a visual interface for the functional model witk recursioa s heiler a rosenthal proc . 1 lth intl. conf . vldb stockholm sweden  
sugarcane genome analysis with molecular markers a first decade of research adâ ?? hont jc glaszmann proc . int . soc . sugarcane . technol  
continuity and change in geography textbooks : perspectives from the 1930s to the 1960s we marsden geography  
defining and implementing fortran generic abstract data types wr collins kw miller information and software technology 1991.0 
semantics of relations and the decomposition process in the relational data model c delobel acm transactions on database systems  
recombination and mammalian genome evolution a eyre-walker proceedings : biological sciences 1993.0 
logic-based web information extraction g gottlob c koch sigmod record 2004.0 
a specification-based functional testing method for jsp designed programs . rmf roper p smith information and software technology 1988.0 
who needs xml databases ? s cluet proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
planning appropriate cervical cancer control programs . c herdman j sherris seattle washington : path  
xml stream processing using tree-edit distance embeddings m garofalakis a kumar acm transactions on database systems 2005.0 
marshes mangroves and sea level rise . j pethick geography 1991.0 
gastric rupture and massive pneumoperitoneum after bystander cardiopulmonary resuscitation sr offerman jf holmes dh wisner journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
quantum theory of the solid state part b j callaway academic san diego  
table of series integrals and products is gradshteyn im ryzhik academic san diego  
channel state dependent scheduling policies for an ofdm physical layer using a binary state model j gross f fitzek   
software development goes global gh anthes computerworld  
on max-min fairness and scheduling in wireless ad-hoc networks : analytical framework and xl huang b bensaou proceedings 2001.0 
critical chain project scheduling : do not oversimplify w herroelen r leus e demeulemeester project management journal 2002.0 
preparing students for assessment in the on-line class ml ford new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
database updates through abduction '' 16th intl ac kakas p mancarella conf . on very large databases vldb bribane ( australia )  
design of a backend processor for a data base machine f bancilhon m scholl proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1980.0 
psychometric theory ( 3rd ed . ) mcgraw-hill jc nunnally ih bernstein new york  
farming and nitrate pollution . t burt n haycock geography 1991.0 
epidemiology n nathanson see ref  
ress ) dynamic modeling ofnatural resource use academic press m ruth b hannon san  
theoretical perspectives on instructional problems rj menges m svinicki new directions for teaching and learning  
a rapidly moving small rock glacier at the lower limit of the mountain permafrost belt in the swiss a ikeda n matsuoka a kã $ ã $ b 8th international permafrost conference zurich switzerland  
on being optimistic about real-time constraints jr haritsa mj carey m livny proceedings of the ninth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1990.0 
the pho 85 kinase a member of the yeast cyclin - dependent kinase ( cdk ) family has a regulation m nishizawa k suzuki m fujino t oguchi a toh-e genes to cells 1999.0 
fehling and saunders â ?? specification based computing environments â ?? m proc . 8th int r balzer d dyer vldb conf  
transabdominal pre-peritoneal ( tapp ) vs totally extraperitoneal ( tep ) laparoscopic techniques for b wake k mccormack c fraser l vale j perez a cochrane database syst rev 2005.0 
industry perspectives on the impact of it and e-commerce k ruikar cj anumba pm carrillo proceedings of the 3rd international conference on & hellip ;  
suresha and k. ramamritham . proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world a datta k dutta h thomas d vandermeer proceedings of sigmod-2002  
a database platform for bioinformatics s banerjee proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
synovial hemangioma of the knee j forrest tw staple demonstration by arthrography and arteriography . ajr  
adaptive filtering in the frequency domain m dentino j mccool b widrow proc . ieee  
cyber warfare : steganography vs. steganalysis h wang s wang communications-acm 2004.0 
focus on folk tales . mg hickey social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
epilogue : a cautionary note about on-line assessment rt bothel new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
a methodology for designing toolkits for specification level verification of interval-constrained sm schorling dc rine information & software technology  
analysis of wildlife radio-tracking data : academic press gc white ra garrott san diego california  
adaptive self-optimising pole shifting control algorithm op malik   
isdl : instruction set description language version 1.0 g hadjiyiannis   
operator scheduling in data stream systems b babcock s babu m datar r motwani d thomas the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
neutrinos and long-range weak forces in cosmology vb jhangiani ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1978.0 
acoustics of classrooms in brazilian public schoolsâ ?? a case study in curitiba pht zannin cp loro proceedings of the seventh congrã ¨ s franã § ais d &#39; acoustique & hellip ;  
editorial by sp sim and nj davies nj davies sp sim bt technology journal 1997.0 
data management facilities of an operating system kernel h diel g kreissig n lenz m scheible b schoener acm sigmod record 1984.0 
kodama : mischievous echoes h yamakawa proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
analysis of telomerase and telomeres jw shay d brasiskyte m ouellette ma piatyszek methods molecular genetics 1994.0 
stochastic oscillations in gyrotrons mi airila o dumbrajs proc . 26th int . conf . infrared and millimeter  
on matching schemas automatically [ j ] bpa rahme vldb journal  
image filter design with evolvable hardware l sekanina lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
intelligent animated agents for interactive language training r cole t carmell p connors m macon j wouters unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
three perspectives on school reform a sen jb vaughn t flanagan new directions for program evaluation 1993.0 
future of equityâ ?? 2003 update mhr consulting june at  
on parallel processing ofaggregateandscalar functionsinobjectrelationaldbms m jaedicke b mitschang proc . of acm sigmod  
industrial change m howard geography  
research problems in genome databases n goodman   
mining fuzzy association rules : an overview m delgado n marä ± n mj martä ± n-bautista d   
management of schema evolution in databases 17th int j andany m leonard c palisser conference on  
stochastic techniques for resource management c brind c muller p prosser bt technology journal 1995.0 
voip : donâ ?? t overlook security . j vijayan   
energy conversion conf mp generation d transmission athens-greece nov. .  
user needs assessment and evaluation for the uc berkeley electronic environmental library project : a na van house proceedings of acm digital libraries &#39; 95 1995.0 
usa january 1973 ny york   
thirteenth annual report of the state fish commissioner to the governor of the state of washington tr kershaw seattle washington  
h. ward â ?? dynamic query evaluation plansâ ?? g graefe proc . of acm  
towards on open architecture for ldl . d chimenti r gamboa r krishnamurthy vldb 1989.0 
the tenth revision of the international statistical classification of diseases and related health who who   
catalysis : modern trends proc vd kumari k murthy m subrahmanyam ks patil pk 12th national symposium on catalysis bombay india  
broadcast protocals to support efficient retrieval from database by mobile users d anindya ev debra c aslihan k vijay acm tods  
embedding finitely generated abelian lattice-ordered groups : higmanâ ?? s theorem and a realisation of amw glass v marra submitted for  
regression rank scores tests for regression with random regressors . j picek  1997.0 
the design and implementationof a sequence database system p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan proceedings ofthetwentysecond  
application of dynamic band brake model for enhanced drivetrain simulation y fujii we tobler em clausing tw megli m proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
sink repositioning for enhanced performance in wireless sensor networks k akkaya m younis m bangad computer  
reprã © sentations intermã © diaires dans la reconnaissance de la parole : apports de la technique de r kolinsky j morais proceedings of the 19th journã © es dâ ?? ã © tude sur la parole  
the analytical work of the office of technology assessment ea hildes new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
report of us secretariat committee on colorimetry and artificial daylight db judd cie proceedings  
agricultural experimentation : design and analysis tm little fj hills  1978.0 
the personal and professional challenge of peacekeeping r weekes dj kealey j mantha d macdonald e unpublished manuscript  
words into type : meeting the corporate challenge d burns s venit pc magazine . december  
computer-aided analytical processing of photograph and stereopair measurements ( analiticheskaia dp korablev geodeziia i kartografiia 1990.0 
matrix-geometric solutions in stochastic models johns hopkins baltimore m neuts md  
high-dimensional olap : a minimal cubing approach x li j han h gonzalez   
population dynamics of yellowtail rockfish ( sebastes flavidus ) stocks in the northern california to jv tagart university of washington seattle washington usa  
students ' perspectives on their master 's degree experiences : disturbing the conventional wisdom cf conrad km duren jg haworth new directions for higher education 1998.0 
re-thinking e-commerce business modelling in terms of interactivity ulf essler electronic markets 2001.0 
scholl. m. ( 1994 ) : â ?? from structured documents to novel query facilitiesâ ?? v christophides s abiteboul s cluet proceedings of  
metabolic engineering of pyruvate metabolism in lactococcus lactis cr melchiorsen technical university of denmark  
price/performance index pc magazine portable pcs pc magazine  
open object database management systems ja blakeley proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
the effects of welfare reform in philadelphia . c michalopoulos new york : manpower demonstration research corporation & hellip ;  
fehler und fehlerkorrektur fernstudieneinheit 19 langenscheidt mã 1/4 nchen 1997/98 k kleppin   
tentative detection of a cosmic far-infrared background with cobe jl puget a abergel jp bernard f boulanger wb astronomy and astrophysics-berlin - 1996.0 
color in business science and industry db judd   
the open system user 's programming interfaces a langsford computer networks 1984.0 
diffusion-induced chaos in a spatial predator -- prey system m pascual proceedings : biological sciences 1993.0 
evaluation of the welding performance of a 1 kw pulsed nd : yag laser with fibre optic beam delivery as nasla & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
determination of silver in sulfide minerals by electrothermal atomic absorption spectrometry t stafilov a lazaru e pernicka at spectrosc  
polym sci part b : polym phys c wu t yamagishi submitted for publication  
making collaborative watershed management work : the confluence of state and regional initiatives s michaels environmental management 2001.0 
suresha and ramamritham k. 2002 . proxy-based accelaration of dynamically generated content on the a datta k dutta h thomas d vander meer proceedings of acm sigmod  
the manufacturing frontier : pioneer industry in antebellum wisconsin 1830-1860 m walsh  1969.0 
the receptive distributed-calculus r amadio g boudol c lhoussaine proceedings  
online assessment in undergraduate mathematics am santos pa santos fm dionä ± sio p duarte procs . 2nd international conference on the teaching of & hellip ;  
global warming to the internet e horwitt computerworld  
dynamic query optimization plans g graefe k ward proceedings of acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
design recovery for reuse and maintenance t biggerstaff ieee computer  
andm . l. kersten . fast randomized join-order selection why use transformations ca galindo-legaria a pellenkoft proc . of the int &#39; l. conf . on very large data  
optimization flow control ii : implementation s athuraliya sh low submitted for  
men who batter women a jukes  1999.0 
andtvonrosenvinge . t. : 1990 â ?? observations in the outer heliosphere of the cosmic ray recovery fb mcdonald n lal a lukasiak re mcguire proc . int . conf . cosmic rays  
a processand atoolfor creating service descriptions based on daml-s m klein b konig-ries proc . of the 4th vldb workshop on technologies for e -  
the stanford graphbase : a platform for combinatorial computing - group of 4 & raquo ; de knuth acm  
efficient and effective clustering methods for spatial data mining j han 20th international conference on very large data bases  
the interdisciplinary challenge of building virtual worlds r pausch proceedings of the sixth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
the effects of incremental submaximal exercise on circulating leukocytes in physically active and n moyna g acker k weber j fulton f goss r european journal of applied physiology 1996.0 
ge0id93 . software for pc compatible computers . national geodetic survey noaa silver spring dg milbert dg schultz md  
e. . simon. towards dbmss for supporting new applications s abiteboul m scholl g gardarin & hellip ; conference on very large data bases kyoto  
forum closing panel rf rosin history of programming languages -- ii table of contents 1996.0 
chimie 2003 6 635-644 ; b ) hang hc ; bertozzi cr f peri l cipolla b la ferla f nicotra acc . chem . res  
living ring [ hyphen ] opening metathesis polymerization catalyzed by well [ hyphen ] characterized rr schrock acc . chem . res  
laparoscopic colposuspension for urinary incontinence in women b moehrer g ellis m carey pd wilson cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
oil in a nutshell d fensel i horrocks f van harmelen s decker m lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
symbolics xerox offer enhanced ai workstation . e bender   
programming portable optimized multimedia applications jc rojas m leeser proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
quantification of the cellular proliferation on freshly dispersed cells from rat anterior s carbajo f gonzalez del pozo e carbajo-perez the histochemical journal 1992.0 
the imp1b projectâ ?? abstract for special session p naude mcloughlin d and c horan proceedings of the 15 thannual & hellip ;  
leakage management techniques technology and training j report   
the numerical simulation of ship waves using cartesian grid methods m sussman d dommermuth proceedings of the 23rd symposium on naval ship & hellip ;  
melodic clustering : motivic analysis of schumannâ ?? s trã $ umerei e cambouropoulos g widmer   
artificial intelligence and software engineering : a survey of possibilities . d partridge information and software technology 1988.0 
1990 . the r - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
mobility-based predictive call admission control and bandwidth reservation in wireless cellular f yu vcm leung computer networks 2002.0 
efficient processing of spatial joins using r-trees acm sigmod intl t brinkhoff hp kriegel b seeger conference on management of data  
incremental generation of parser for knowledge manipulation in prolog i foucherot i blot f jacquenet 10th logic programming workshop zurich switzerland & hellip ;  
a mollusk survey of klamath and sycan marshes and vicinity tj frest ej johannes deixis consultants seattle washington . ii  
genetic algorithm + simulated annealing = genocop ii : a tool for nonlinear programming z michalewicz n attia submitted for publication  
the impact of residual renal function on the adequacy of peritoneal dialysis nh lameire contributions to nephrology 1998.0 
extending the uml for modelling variability for system families s robak b franczyk k politowicz   
object-oriented modelling of hyperstructure : overcoming the static link deficiency h maurer n scherbakov k andrews p srinivasan information and software technology  
aprendizaje con la internet : una aproximaciã ³ n crãtica bi enseã ± anza san diego university  
symposium on stars gas and dust in the galaxy to honor eugenio e. mendoza v. a arellano ferro m rosado proceedings of the symposium held august 25-27 1993 in & hellip ; 1994.0 
oxidation-reduction potentials of organic systems william and wilkins baltimore wm clark md  
preliminary clinical experience with biodegradable plate and screw fixation m ninkovic a rumer a kofler & hellip ; of the european union demonstration project bmh4â ?? 98â ?? & hellip ;  
evaluation of the necessity of a college level hosptality management program in southwest florida m goodman  2002.0 
very large data bases r ng j han proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;  
control systems theory for linear repetitive processes-recent progress and open research problems e rogers k galkowski dh owens applied mathematics and computer science 1997.0 
in re . the personal restraint of andre bringham young and vance cunningham brief of amicus curiae d summers seattle washington state psychiatric association  
vital signs a bezaitis pc magazine  
treatment of kaposi 's sarcoma in hiv-1 infected individuals with emphasis on resource poor settings m dedicoat m vaithilingum r newton cochrane database syst .  
using laser to produce a new material for the automtive industry w prange c schneider & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
ball grid array fine pitch peripheral interconnections js hwang   
variational resolutions of non self-adjoint equations and dissipative evolutions ( 2004 ) n ghoussoub a lagrangians   
mutual dependencies and some results on undecomposable relations jm nxcholas proc . 4th int . conf . very large data bases { west berlin  
ten conversion myths from indonesia r jones conversion to islam  
maier . rapidbushyjoin-orderoptimizationwithcartesian products b vanceandd inproceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
evaluation of workflow-type software products : a case study m perez t rojas information & software technology 2000.0 
a platform for dutch in human language technologies j beeken e dewallef ed ` halleweyn proceedings of lrec2000 athens greece  
surface interface anal mp seach wa dench  1979.0 
characterization of a full-field digital mammography detector based on direct x-ray conversion in jg yorker ls jeromin dl lee ef palecki kp proc . spie 2002.0 
institutional arrangements and government performance in the brazilian federation . vd lledã ³  2003.0 
low power cmos interface circuitry for sensors and actuators jh nielsen  2003.0 
note on the motion of fluid in a curved pipe wr dean  1927.0 
e-books reloaded s rupley pc magazine  
ontounoua : a mechanism to support portable ontologies tr gruber  1992.0 
parlay x web services h lofthouse mj yates r stretch bt technology journal 2004.0 
generation of views of tv content using tv viewersâ ?? perspectives expressed in live chats on the h miyamori s nakamura k tanaka proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
bhavani thuraisingham the mitre corporation burlington road bedford ma t r & d sigmod record 1992.0 
ogneupory ii vishnevskii ld smirnova no . i  
options in physical database design g graefe sigmod record 1993.0 
an adaptive distributed airborne tracking system r clark ed jensen a kanevsky j maurer p lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
who opts out of state antitakeover protection ? : the case of pennsylvania 's sb 1310 s wahal   
using financial incentives to manage the solid waste stream cj spindler new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
a p-complete problem and approximations to it rj anderson e mayr technical report stanford university  
exploiting the block structure of theweb for computing pagerank sd kamvar th haveliwala cd manning gh golub technical report stanford university march 2003 . submitted on  
adult education needs a code of ethics tj sork ba welock new directions for adult and continuing education  
the effect of single-family housing on multi-asset portfolio allocations dh gatzlaff unpublished manuscript  
of chemosterilants in the reproductive organs and tissues of insects v landa proc int cong entomol 13th  
rehabilitation and reuse of college and university facilities . hl goyette new directions for higher education 1980.0 
governance structure in the deregulated trucking industry tn hubbard  1998.0 
vprof : a virtual function call profiler for c++ g aigner unpublished manuscript  
an introductory cours e in computer graphics chartwell-bratt kent 1986 144 pages r kingslake   
maziã ¨ res . alow-bandwidthnetworkfile system a muthitacharoen b chen andd proc . acm sosp â ?? 01 nov  
advanced ceramics p ramakrishnan bombay india 8-9 mar. 1990 1990.0 
intergroup effects in the mental representation of stereotypes sh babey  1998.0 
fast exponentiation with precomputation ef brickell dm gordon ks mccurley db wilson lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
may ( 1990 ) traffic flow fundamentals d adolf   
modeling a software engineering project management system rh thayer   
ils : a framework for integrating multiple heterogeneous learning agents b silver j vittal w frawley g iba k bradford procs of second generation expert systems l oth & hellip ;  
frequency domain properties of scalar and multivariable feedback systems js freudenberg dp looze  1988.0 
stress related failures causing open metallization sk groothuis wh schroen proc . int . reliability phys . syp  
open your door or we 'll sue '' says software piracy patrol . c von simson c wilder computerworld. 1990.0 
laser cutting of ceramic composite layers a lightman g han solid freeform fabrication proceedings  
the sdss skyserver : public access to the sloan digital sky server data as szalay j gray a thakar pz kunszt t malik j sigmod conference 2002.0 
effect of anti-cd4 anti-nc and anti-nk monoclonal antibody on the survival of cardiac xenografts l yang pl mottram wr han yc smart transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
national grid ce proposer   
skin temperature and thermoregulatory sweating : a control systems approach rw bullard mr banerjee f chen r elizondo ba see ref  
handbook of environmental chemistry : new types of persistent halogenated compounds j passivirta  2000.0 
party structures and policy representation in multiparty elections : an application to norwegian j adams s merrill iii typescript . santa barbara : university of california  
implementing update extensions to xquery 1.0 gm sur  2003.0 
the design and implementation of a sequence database system p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan vldb 1996.0 
managed security services d janowski o kaven pc magazine  
sdss image processing i : the deblender aj rh luptonâ ? ¦  2001.0 
simulating stable stochastic systems i : general multiserver queues ma crane dl iglehart journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1974.0 
mouse shoulder : a new ailment jc dvorak pc magazine  
meeting the challenge . jm civikly new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
university of california santa barbara ph. d. 1985 267 pages . on the structure of rule-based lj gorenflo   
sandia national laboratories sciiiu manual san diego ca  
parameterized complexity for the database theorist m grohe sigmod record 2002.0 
a class of rapidly converging algorithms for learning automata '' ieee int mal thathachar ps sastry conf . on cybernetics & society bombay india  
minimax design of optimal stochastic multivariable systems mj grimble   
a framework for distributed management with mobile components m feridun j krause computer networks 2001.0 
htpd conference 2004 m kuldkeppâ ? ¦ san  
rapport sur le rendement interne du premier cycle de lâ ?? enseignement de base . ministry of education jp jarousse g solaux unpublished manuscript  
keoladeonationalparkecologystudy1980â ?? 1990 vs vijayan & hellip ; bombay natural history society india ( bnhs ) bombay  
operational management of telematics systems and services bl de goede   
xml 's impact on databases and data sharing l seligman   
efficientalgorithmsfor processing xpath queries g gottlob c koch r pichler proc . of  
the future of campus media centers mj albright new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
constructivism : theory perspectives and practice ct fosnotâ ? ¦  1996.0 
microsoft terraserver : a spatial data warehouse : [ technical report ms-tr-99-29 ] t barclay j gray d slutz advanced technology division microsoft  
e. cient and e. ective clustering methods for spatial data mining r ng j han proc . 1994 vldb  
probleme der leistungsmessung fernstudieneinheit 10 langenscheidt mã 1/4 nchen 1996 s bolton   
implementing xquery 1.0 : the galax experience demonstration track m fernandez j simeonâ ? ¦ proceedings of conference on very large databases ( vldb ) to & hellip ;  
xmark : a benchmark for xml data management . monetdb . swi . nl 2002 a schmidt f waas m kersten mj carey i cwi amsterdam nl . microsoft corporations wa usa . bea  
coding techniques for digital data networks j massey proc .  
parallel programming with polaris rd williamblume r eigenmann j grout j hoeinger ieee computer  
spidaâ ?? a novel data analysis tool d nauck m spott b azvine bt technology journal 2003.0 
the impact of a nonlocal turbulence scheme on modeling the convective boundary layer observed during as adams  2002.0 
in : the human nervous system aj beitz  1990.0 
call admission control and routing in multi-service networks by markov decision theory with state e nordstrom j carlstrom  2002.0 
super coster kronig and resonance super coster kronig spectra of solid ge around 3 p-ionization a kivimaki h aksela s aksela op sairanen proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
effect of washing sequence and heated solutions to degreened hamlin oranges on diplodia stem-end rot ge brown ma baraka proc int soc citriculture  
time complexity of practical parallel steiner point insertion algorithms da spielman sh teng a ungor proceedings of acm-spaa 2004.0 
the structure of science e nagel  1961.0 
efficient processing of spatial joins using r-trees t brinkhoff hp kriegel b seeger   
alphasort : a cache-sensitive parallel external sort d lomet t barclay c nyberg z cvetanovic j gray   
pricetg ( 1979 ) accesspathelectioninarelationaldatabasemanagement system amm selingerpg lr chamberlindd proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
usa 1996 ca san diego   
q1650 k = 7 multi-code rate viterbi decoder technical data sheet . 6455 lusk boulevard i qualcomm san diego ca  
table of integrals series and products ( 4th edition 1980 academic press ) is gradshtein im ryzhik see  
scheduling of scientific workflows in the askalon grid environment m wieczorek r prodan t fahringer sigmod record 2005.0 
touch-screens for intuitive input md stone pc magazine  
design and analysis of authentication of employ agreement [ c ] d bin w jian proceedings of 2003 international conference on management & hellip ;  
algebraic support for complex objectswitharrays identity andinheritance . inj . cliffordandr . king sl vandenberg dj dewitt proceedings of the sigmod international conference on  
low level driving routine for the omni-directional robot c voo & hellip ; centre for intelligent information processing systems & hellip ; 2000.0 
the seed : a peer-to-peer environment for genome annotation r overbeek t disz r stevens communications-acm 2004.0 
requirement of transfer-messenger rna for the growth of bacillus subtilis under stresses a muto a fujihara k ito j matsuno c ushida h genes to cells 2000.0 
scheduling tasks with nonuniform deadlines on two processors mr garey ds johnson journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1976.0 
message-based part state graphs ( mpsg ) for shop floor control js smith sb joshi the proceedings of the 2 ~ d lie research conference los & hellip ;  
telechelic polymers : synthesis and applications ej goethals  1989.0 
close call in air caused by computer glitch k ohlson computerworld  
petra todd ( 2000a ) : â ?? progressing through progresa : an impact assessment of mexicoâ ?? s school j behrman p sengupta unpublished  
divafication : the deification of modern female pop stars l lister popular music and society 2001.0 
exploiting and protecting 802.11 b wireless networks c ellison pc magazine september 4th 2001.0 
coding constructions for blacklisting problems without computational assumptions r kumar s rajagopalan a sahai lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
the use problems benefits and future directions of case in the uk sc stobart jb thompson p smith information and software technology  
a guide to the nests eggs and nestlings of north american birds 2nd ed : academic press pj baicich cjo harrison san diego california  
v. andabiteboul s. cluet and m. scholl . from structured documents to novel query facilities s christophides   
data cube : a relational aggregational operator for generalizing group-bys cross-tabs and sub - j gray a bosworth a layman h pirahesh technical report msr-tr-95-22 microsoft research  
the art of massive storage : a case study of a web archive n talagala s asami d patterson d hart b submitted for publication  
the case for enhanced abstract data types 1997 p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan submitted for  
the treatment of data types in el1 b wegbreit communications of the acm 1974.0 
practical python . apress 2002 ml hetland   
weir s reis san diego california  
an applicable test data generation algorithm for domain errors ã ? hajnal i forgã ¡ cs proceedings of acm sigsoft international symposium on & hellip ; 1998.0 
kudoa-the irish experience . salmon industry perspectives r palmer & hellip ; of agriculture fisheries and food aquaculture industry & hellip ;  
natl mar f center fish . serv. seattle  
stochastic processes in engineering systems e wong b hajek  1984.0 
view updates in relational databases with an independent scheme r langerak acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
exploiting uml in the design of multi-agent systems f bergenti a poggi lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
graduate education in engineering . ge dieter new directions for higher education 1984.0 
lowness properties of reals and randomness a nies   
anchored subjective quality assessment scale for still image coding n avadhanam vr algazi submitted for  
xviith congress of the international union of crystallography ik larsen bb nielsen h rasmussen js kastrup seattle washington usa abstract ps04  
icarus corporation : rockville ip evaluator   
peer-to-peer grid computing with the ourgrid community n andrade l costa g germoglio w cirne   
use of herbicides on the swedish state railways l torstensson o lindholm proc . 29th swedish weed conference â ?? weeds and weed control & hellip ;  
negocios on-line : pasos y claves para triunfarâ '' de riveral pc magazine en espaã ± ol  
a uniform deductive approach for parameterized protocol safety jf couchot a giorgetti n kosmatov proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
enzyme activities in muscles of seasonally acclimatized house finches c carey rl marsh a bekoff rm johnston am olin see ref  
knowledge needs the request of architects a seidel proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the & hellip ;  
a general framework for the optimization of object-oriented queries sc cd921 c delobel proceedings of acm sigmod â ?? 92 international conference on & hellip ;  
adaptive testing in arch models ob linton dg steigerwald   
spontaneous thyroiditis in the obese strain of chickens . i e witebsky jh kite jr g wick rk cole demonstration of circulating antibodies . j. lmmunol  
pc 's are paying off b howard pc  
an architecture for distributed data mining r subramonian s parthasarathy to  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?your mediators need data conversion ! ã cents â ? ¬ â ? s cluet c delobel j simeon k smaga proc . of the acm sigmod  
gst rush at tax office exposes security neglect s van dijk computerworld  
method engineering : engineering of information systems development methods and tools s brinkkemper information and software technology 1996.0 
tr-98-35 msr report  1998.0 
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries 28th intl g gottlob c koch r pichler conf . very large data bases ( vldb )  
environmental effects on mechanical properties of silicon nitride joints with metallic interlayers k suganuma t okamoto & hellip ; of an international workshop santa barbara california usa  
helix : the architecture of a distributed file system m friorich w older proceedings of the 4th international conference on d ~ & hellip ;  
fire in the ecology of the brazilian cerrado lm coutinho fire in the tropical biota 1990.0 
impacts of information systems : four perspectives vj symons information and software technology 1991.0 
the component attenuation model for low and moderate seismic regions procs . of the 2003 pacific ntk lam jl wilson procs . of the 2003 pacific conference on earthquake & hellip ;  
reviews of books and papers cj bontempo acm sigmod record 1977.0 
oxidation of iron sulfur and arsenic in mine waters and mine wastes : an important role for novel k coupland f battaglia-brunet kb hallberg mc & hellip ; international biohydrometallurgy symposium . athens greece  
identifying the needs of female students in distance education learning programs ja furst-bowe university of wisconsin  
web spam detection based on mass estimation z gyongyi p berkhin h garcia-molina j pedersen technical report stanford university 2005 . http://infolab .  
a thin film capacitive tactile normal/shear force array sensor ac troy cl ren proc . ieee-iecon 21st int . conf . industrial electronics & hellip ;  
extracting semi-structured information from the web h garcia-molina j choâ ? ¦  1997.0 
the biogeography of fire in the san bernardino mountains of california . university of california ra minnich geography  
fe-simulation of 3-d sheet metal forming processes in automotive industry j reissner zurich switzerland vdi-verlag  
deep middleware for the divergent grid p grace g coulson gs blair b porter   
mobile multimedia services ja harmer bt technology journal 2003.0 
it industry lags behind nation in hiring blacks . l copeland computerworld  
l. lozwiak '' synthesis of xor storage schemes with different cost for minimization of memory s chen a postula proceedings of the 25 &#39; h euromicro conference sep  
solder joint failure analysis using fem techniques of a silicon based system-in-package m goetz   
the growth of virginia tech and blacksburg since world war ii c johnston   
a ten-year study of test scores for college-bound students in the state of washington rj noeth  1979.0 
it unemployment hits â ?? unprecedentedâ ?? level p thibodeau computerworld  
a model of employee attitudes and actions following 360-degree feedback t maurer d mitchell c godsey san diego  
tai chi for treating rheumatoid arthritis a han v robinson m judd w taixiang g wells p cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
a nested relational approach to processing sql subqueries b cao a badia proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
harden the tcp/ip stack h to microsoft corporation  
use of nuclear recators for high-temperature power-engineering industrial processes d na nd zaichko bb baturovâ ? ¦ at .  
literary resources for teachers and students who compute sl field ld labbo social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
december 1997 gms partners inc. national career academy coalition 1122 kersey road silver ca presentation   
machine learning in human language technology n fakotakis kn sgarbas   
htpd conference 2004 a malaquiasâ ? ¦ san  
positive active xml s abiteboul o benjelloun t milo   
a note on associative processors for data management gg langdon acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
genetic algorithms and their tuning j kubalãk j laå 3/4 anskã 1/2 proceedings of casys &#39; 98 ( dubois d.  
epi-convergence in distribution and stochastic equi-semicontinuity k knight unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
an empirical study of a software reuse reference model dc rine n nada information & software technology 2000.0 
educause p. 62 . rupley sebastion ( july 8 2003 ) â ?? gaming goes to collegeâ ?? g kallules g stine pc  
issues for on-line analytical mining of data warehouses j han s chee jy chiang   
modeling daily arrivals to a telephone call center an avramidis a deslauriers management  
adaptive time-frequency representation for sound analysis and processing f jaillet b torresani   
effective inseparability of the sets of identically true and finitely refutable formulae for certain ia lavrov algebra i logika  
prediction of rolling bearing life under practical operating conditions e ioannides b jacobson jh tripp & hellip ; d. : tribological design of machine elements proceedings & hellip ;  
on the hydration and denaturation of proteins dm wrinch phil . mag  
numerical robust parameter estimation for the batch markovian arrival process using randomization c lindemann m lohmann submitted for  
triangulation algorithms for adaptive terrain modeling proceedings of the 4th international m heler zurich switzerland  
pretty good persuasion : steps towards effective password security in the real world d weirich a sasse proc . acm new security paradigms workshop  
canonical typing and { conversion f kamareddine rp nederpelt submitted for  
iteration and abstract data types jd eckart acm sigplan notices 1987.0 
the japanese version of the calgary depression scale for schizophrenics ( jcdss ) y kaneda t ohmori d addington no to shinkei 2000.0 
elegant solutions for group mutual exclusion problem k alagarsamy k vidyasankar unpublished manuscript  
an analytical model of igbts with low emitter efficiency r kraus k hoffmann   
demonstrating a video and audio web c parker a pang s pfeiffer proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
uruâ ?? on-line identity verification cj gahan bt technology journal 2004.0 
the cartesian product algorithm o agesen lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
mining geostatistics : academic ag journel cj huijbregts san diego ca  
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles nbhp kriegel r schneider b seeger proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
academic press t process e impact san diego ca  
towards mobile service agents within an advanced broadband in environment m breugst l faglia o pyrovolakis is venieris f computer networks 1999.0 
stay in touch . n randall pc magazine  
symptomatic interarticular migration of glenoid suture anchors md silver jp daigneault arthroscopy-new york - 2000.0 
perspective on eulerian finite volume methods for incompressible interfacial flows db kothe courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ; 1998.0 
reasoning with prioritized defaults m gelfond tc son lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
the new papyrus : the current and future state of the art s lambert s ropiequet  1986.0 
teaching evaluation : past present and future jc ory new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
querying heterogeneous sequence databases in computer networks l tuomimaki msc thesis department of computer science university of  
algebraic properties of bag data types j albert vldb 1991.0 
reuse of proofs in software verification w reif k stenzel lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
energy conservation in operation and maintenance of facilities . c crittenden t burnau new directions for higher education 1981.0 
expansion of the porous solid na 2 zn 3 [ fe ( cn ) 6 ] 2 â ?? 9h 2 o : enhanced ion-exchange capacity in mv bennett mp shores lg beauvais jr long acc . chem . res 1998.0 
an amateurã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents s introductionto recursive query processing strategies f bancilhon r ramakrishnan acm sigmod international conf . on management of  
high-speed data paths in host-based routers s walton a hutton j touch ieee computer 1998.0 
13th psi-conference d hildebrandtâ ? ¦  1998.0 
personal intelligent communications dg smith bt technology journal  
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives . acm sigmod intl a szalay j gray p kunszt t thakar conference on management of data dallas texas-may  
plasticity for structural engineers wf chen dj han  1988.0 
a tour of unifypow : a sas macro for sample-size analysis rg oâ ?? brien proceedings of the 23rd sas users group international  
anthropology as the mutual interpretation of cultures . indian perspectives tn madan see fahim  
extracting summary sentences based on the document semantic graph j leskovec n milic-frayling m grobelnik   
astronomy tasks that promote geometrical contextualized reasoning g solano-flores unpublished manuscript  
antagonism between fungal saprophytes and pathogens on aerial plant surfaces nj fokkema see ref  
parkinson 's disease : past present and future ij kopin neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
future directions in workplace learning wf spikes new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
an examination of the implementation of peer review of teaching dj bernstein j jonson k smith new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
fastsortâ ?? an external sort using parallel processing b salzbergâ ? ¦ proc . sigmod  
sur les liaisons entre les grandeurs al eatoires '' s bernstein proc . int . cong . of math. zurich switzerland  
intubation techniques in the helicopter gm vilke db hoyt m epperson d fortlage journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
development and applications of computer-assisted acoustic holography cf schueler ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1980.0 
open source software development : an overview mw wu yd lin   
tutto ( o quasi ) sugli scanner g laing pc magazine  
business intelligence : making better decisions faster m luckevich e vitt  2002.0 
likelihood ratio score and wald statistics in models with monotone functions : some comparisons m banerjee ja wellner submitted for publication 2003.0 
toss : an extension of tax with ontologies and similarity queries e hung y deng vs subrahmanian proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
suresha krithi ramamritham proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world a datta k dutta h thomas d vandermeer proceedings of the 2002 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
the functional extending the database relational model to capture more meaning dw shipman acm trans . on database systems  
acm multimedia '94 conference workshop on multimedia database management systems pb berra sigmod record 1995.0 
efficient low-degree interconnection networks for parallel processing : topologies algorithms vlsi ch yeh   
bureaucratic structure and economic performance in less developed countries j rauch p evans uc san diego  
data management in an international data grid project w hoschek j jaen-martinez a samar h stockinger lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
myocardial infarction in british white and asian adults : their health beliefs and health practices p laungani d sookhoo 4th european congress of psychology athens greece  
ultimate disposal of liquid wastes by chemical fixation jr conner proc . 29th annual purdue industrial waste conference  
territoriality on the shankill-falls divide belfast fw boal irish geography  
the challenge of serving teenage mothers : lessons from project redirection df polit  1988.0 
typing unicode characters from the keyboard c petzold pc magazine  
structure and function of novel engineered thin films dy takamoto  1999.0 
instrumental methods of chemical analysis c gurdeep a sham  1990.0 
a database interface for files update . to appear : s abiteboul s cluet t milo proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
caim discretization algorithm la kurgan kj cios ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
supplemental instruction sessions in college algebra and calculus sl burmeister jm carter lr hockenberger pa new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
spartina workshop record : seattle washington november 14-15 1990 tf mumford  1991.0 
super chip is the first to get the cable modem down to size p mcgoldrick electronic design  
the present state of ecg data processing . what has been accomplished in thirty years ? hv pipberger acm press history series 1990.0 
biochemistry of hemostasis in bhagavan 4th edition 840-872 nv medical biochemistry academic press cm jackson san diego  
research issues in databases for arcs : active rapidly changing data systems a datta sigmod record 1994.0 
institutional evolution and change : environmentalism and the us chemical industry aj hoffman the academy of management journal 1999.0 
preparing future educators to support inclusion : college studentsâ ?? attitudes following pre - ej shier  2002.0 
the r * - tree : an efficient androbust access method for pointsandrectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger acm-sigmod  
learning ontologies from rdf annotations in : proceedings of the ijcai workshop on ontology learning a deitel c faron r dieng seattle washington  
extending logic programming e laenens   
a multi-level architecture for relational data base systems ha schmid pa bernstein vldb 1975.0 
nonlinear dynamics of two types of network with intelligent nodes p de wilde bt technology journal  
primary aortoenteric fistula in the emergency department fl mirarchi md scheatzle rj mitre journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
a high level language for structural relations in well-formed nets l capra m de pierro g franceschinis proc . of 26th int . conf . on application and theory of petri  
p63 immunostaining in destained bronchoscopic cytological specimens v shtilbans ah szporn m wu de burstein   
structure and ostension in the interpretation of discourse deixis bl webber new york times 1990.0 
andg . moerkotte . evaluating queries withgeneralized pathexpressions v christophides s cluet proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of  
a fast efficeint accurate way to represent the human face . state of the art in facial animation j kleiser proceedings of acm siggraph tutorials boston  
t. sherman r. and wilson dv self-similarity through high-variability : statistical analysis of w willinger s murad proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 95  
evaluation of job-scheduling strategies for grid computing v hamscher u schwiegelshohn a streit r lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
on the performance of convolutionally-coded cdma/ofdm for mobile communication system k fazel l papke proc . pimrc  
environmental life cycle assessment of products no r heijungs   
experimental astronomy l vanzi s gennari m cioni l testi  1996.0 
polynomial time solutions of some problems in abstract algebra k friedl l ronyai proc 17th acm  
l'hypercontractivite et son utilisation en theorie des semi-groupes d bakry lecture notes in mathematics-springer verlag - 1994.0 
economic integration in the americas : european perspectives a venables l winters unpublished manuscript  
fast scalable level four switching vsgvs suri m waldvogel proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 98  
response of citrus to npk fertilization in a network of field trials in sao paulo state brazil h cantarella ja quaggio oc bataglia b raij proc . int . soc . citriculture  
a graph approach to isomorphism testing of 4 - ( 48 ; 5 ;) designs arising from psl ( 2 ; 47 ) s dautovic dm acketa v mudrinski   
a general hebbian learning for nonlinear neuron with application to laterally interconnected bl zhang td gedeon & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems  
version 4.0 f simulator microsoft corporation  
fear and loathing on the micro trail . jd spinetto computerworld. 1984.0 
optimization of a digital neuron design f kampf p koch k roy m sullivan z delalic s proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on simulation 1990.0 
the buddy tree : an efficient and robust access method for spatial data base systems 16th int b seeger hp kriegel conf . on very large data bases  
expermedia/2 : a multimedia expert system shell for domain experts a hekmatpour proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
a low commumcatlons sort algortthm for a parallel database machine ra lone hc young proc fifteenth vldb amsterdam  
tutorial : state of the art in workflow management research and products c mohan a tutorial presented at acm sigmod international conference  
internet technology for future space missions j rash k hogie r casasanta j rash k hogie r computer networks 2005.0 
radon and its dacay products in indoor air . ww nazaroff av nero   
the ls & leising pa milne md  
living with xml and relational f manolescu d florescu d kossmann f xhumari d proc . vldb conference  
query optimization in database systems m jarke j koch   
textbook of glaucoma 4th ed. 153-176 williams & wilkins baltimore mb shields md  
a matemã ¡ tica da nova economia b lev hsm management  
fauna graeciae ii f willemse hellenic zoological society athens greece  
multiple tetracycline resistance determinants in streptococcus v burdett j inamine s rajagopalan see ref  
a metastasis-associated antigen is present on a 60 kda glycoprotein in transitional cell carcinoma t matsusako h muramatsu t shirahama t muramatsu the histochemical journal 1992.0 
a comparative study of alternative middle tier caching solutions a datta k dutta d fishman k ramamritham h proceedings of the 2001 vldb  
the open channel c mccabe ieee computer  
j. vandenberg . the sdss skyserver : public access to the sloan digital sky server data j gray a szalay a thakar pz zunszt t malik j technical report msr-tr-2001-104 microsoft research  
exponential asymptotics for limits of renewal equations and pseudo-stationary phenomena for m gyllenberg ds silvestrov submitted for publication  
corrosion ' 2003 nace sb farina gs duffã ³ jr galvele san diego ca  
on the cirrus formation of cloud ws jevons phil . mag  
performance/price sort and pennysort j gray j coates c nyberg   
j. gray terraserver : a spatial data warehouse t barclay rd slutz proceedings of the 2000 acm-sigmod conference  
ka & lee c. ( 1990 ) an adaptive data placement scheme for parallel database computer systems proc . pi hua vldb conf brisbane  
desire anddomestic fiction : a politicalhistory ofthe novel n armstrong new  
suicide intent scale : self-report form mm linehan & hellip ; inventory university of washington seattle washington  
seqhound : biological sequence and structure database as a platform for bioinformatics research t authors   
evaluating lan communications performance for a real-time environment rd harrison dt marlow proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ; 1996.0 
state-of-the-art in stochastic joint geometry modeling . p kulatilake proc 29th us symp on rock mech rotterdam : balkema  
encephalopathy associated with fat embolism induced by solvent for cyclosporin . p krupp m busch i cockburn b schreiber lancet i 1989.0 
evaluating training in business and industry r brinkerhoff new directions in program evaluation  
secure and portable database extensibility m godfrey t mayr p seshadri t von eicken sigmod record 1998.0 
in : folding of the ldl receptor in the endoplasmic reticulum a jansens  2002.0 
incremental grid growing : encoding high-dimensional structure into a two-dimensional feature map j blackmore r miikkulainen   
data integration in the large : the challenge of reuse a rosenthal lj seligman proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
principles of trust for multiagent systems : cognitive anatomy social importance and quantification c castellfranchi r falcone procs . of the 3 rdint . conf . on multi-agent systems  
entity-life modeling in a distributed environment bi sanden proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ; 1996.0 
state of the art in workflow management system research and products c mohan & hellip ; : nato advanced study institute ( asi ) on workflow management  
post-pass compaction techniques b de bus d chanet l van put b de sutter communications-acm 2003.0 
per-flow qos support over a stateless diffserv domain g bianchi n blefari-melazzi m femminella computer networks  
tensegric mobile controlled by pseudo forces kg kobayashi t ichizawa k nakano k ootsubo proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
antibiotics for acute otitis media in children pp glasziou cb del mar m hayem sl sanders cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a histochemical investigation of the mechanism of aldehyde fuchsin staining of pancreatic b-cell lj cole gs nettleton the histochemical journal 1988.0 
create @ brown a component repository for learning objects : a progress report j laleuf proceedings of acm jcdl 2001  
performance prediction of parallel processing systems : the pamela methodology ajc van gemund   
the gih-tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proceedings of acm  
delayed cardiac tamponade after pacemaker insertion t gershon j kuruppu j olshakerâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
conversion and the codasyl framework dcp smith vldb 1978.0 
andravikrishnamurthy . towards an open architecture for ldl rg danettechimenti proc . 15th international conference on very large data  
gaby alan r : nutrltional therapy for the 1990â ?? s und gaby alan r und wright jonathan v : jv wright   
the r - tree : an efficient and robust access methodforpointsandrectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . 1990 acm-sigmodint . conf . management of  
a prospective multicenter trial testing the scoti device for confirmation of endotracheal tube j li journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
fast flip-chip power grid analysis via locality and grid shells e chiprout   
secure andportabledatabaseextensibility m godfrey t mayr p seshadri t von eicken proc . acm sigmod  
population limitation in birds : academic press i newton san diego california  
association prosodie-syntaxe : validation par synthã ¨ se p martin proceedings of the 22nd journees dâ ?? ã ? sur la parole  
weak compactness of level sets of integral functionals rt rockafellar proceedings of troisieme colloque d &#39; analyse fonctionelle ( & hellip ;  
the design of a mechanical assembly system tl perez technical report massachusetts institut of technology  
repository systems engineering tutorial pa bernstein proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
domain data typing d livingstone information and software technology 1995.0 
refining the level for anticipated hepatotoxicity in acetaminophen poisoning el brandwene sr williams c tunget-johnson sg journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
the role of information systems in informationâ ?? level security management c lueg   
time domain investigations of trapatt diode oscillator circuits ml ryken jr ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1976.0 
the marian czech repulic m kominek struct . engrg . int . zurich .  
an enhanced realtime multitasking basic interpreter . pp dasiewicz information and software technology 1988.0 
godesberg 1994-ergã $ nzt 1996 bnbb seiten   
simon 's rock : meeting the developmental needs of the early college student . n goldberger new directions for higher education 1980.0 
xcpath the first order complete xpath dialect m marx proc . of the 23rd acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ; 2004.0 
little planning goes a long way : needs analysis . s abraham computerworld. 1982.0 
omt distinguished scholar lecture m tushman academy of management annual meeting seattle washington  
a single glycosylation site within the receptor-binding domain of the avian sarcoma/leukosis virus se delos mj burdick jm white virology-new york - 2002.0 
ws-gaf : a grid application framework based on web services specifications and practices . s parastatidis j webber p watson t rischbeck submitted for publication  
users remaining loyal despite frame-relay hype kx girard computerworld  
national rural services survey 2000 c agency isbn  
the automatic classification of modulation types by pattern recognition cs weaver ca cole rb krumland ml miller & hellip ; laboratories stanford university technical report  
daylight techniques in buildings : reference handbook aa argiriou dn asimakopoulos ca balaras  1997.0 
modelling framework for sustainable development : integrating environmental considerations in ks parikh mk panda ns murthy   
sett-net : a network for software engineering training and teaching k zdravkova k bothe z budimac   
lifetime reproduction in birds : academic press i newton san diego california  
inside microsoft com + base services g eddon h eddon  1999.0 
debunking the \ \ expensive procedure call '' myth or procedure call implementations considered harmful g lewis steele jr acm conference  
bases in equivariant k-theory ii represent c lusztig tb . ( electronic )  
et . all. â ?? a guided tour of multimedia systems and application : query by content for large on-line r barber ieee computer  
evidence for participation of vicinal dithiols in the activation sequence of the respiratory burst h kutsumi k kawai k rokutan   
teaching analytical reasoning through thinking aloud pair problem solving j lochhead a whimbey new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
user interactivity in very large scale data mining s wrobel d wettschereck ai verkamo a siebes h   
interventions to promote collaboration between nurses and doctors m zwarenstein w bryant cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
attachment styles coping strategies and posttraumatic psychological distress : the impact of the m mikulincer v florian a weller journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
kalchasâ ?? dynamic xml search engine r kaae t nguyen d nã ¸ rgaard proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
from structured documents to novel query facilities s abiteboul v christophides s cluet m scholl proc . 1994 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
oral knowledge typographic knowledge electronic knowledge : speculations on the history of d brent electronic journal  
evaluating queries with generalized path expressions v christophides s cluet g moerkotte proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
presentation at the high energy astrophysics division ( head ) meeting s boggsâ ? ¦ san diego usa  
graph structure in the web a broder r kumar f maghoul p raghavan s www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
finite element method for elliptic problems with stochastic data c schwab ra todor submitted for  
a. richards . colourvision andimageintensities : whenarechanges material jm rubin andw technical report aim { 631 artificial intelligence laboratory  
the structure of an electromagnetic field in the neighbourhood of a cusp of a caustic t pearcey phil . mag  
release of mitochondrial enzymes by freezing and thawing of meat : structural and analytical aspects r hamm p gottesmann proc of the 28th eur meet meat res w orkers  
repacking on demand for speed-sensitive channel assignment hm tsai ac pang yc lin yb lin hm tsai ac pang computer networks 2005.0 
implicit theories of intelligence creativity and wisdom rj sternberg journal of personality and social psychology  
kinetics and mechanism of formation of forsterite ( mg 2 sio 4 ) by solid state reaction of mgo and gw brindley r hayami phil . mag  
framework for mobile users j mysore vvars orchestration 3rd international conference on mobile data management  
curved analogs of bernsteinâ ?? gelfandâ ?? gelfand resolutions a cap j slovak v soucek to  
the brazilian experience : the japanese immigrants during the period of the vargas regime and the pm fukunaga  1983.0 
stream processing of xpath queries a gupta d suciu sigmod  
cc : web services eventing ( ws-eventing ) lf cabreraâ ? ¦ technical report microsoft bea systems and tibco software (  
extending information literacy in electronic environments s kerka new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
semiclassical limit of the schrodinger equation with a partially conning potential nb abdallah f mehats   
solid state commun m servidori c ferrero s lequien s milita a  2001.0 
synopsis of psychiatry 8th edn . williams & wilkins : baltimore hi kaplan bj sadock md  
modele de prediction du deuxieme formant effectif f2â ?? â ?? applicationa lâ ?? ã © de la labialite des m mantakas j schwartz p escudier proceedings of the 15th journees dâ ?? ã © sur la parole  
hate crimes d bender san diego  
ceo bt global services a green bt technology journal 2004.0 
diffusive representation of pseudo-differential time-operators g montseny esaim : proceedings 1998.0 
knowledge management mistakes j ambrosio computerworld  
awlp : building a custom wireless access point using open source software a ã?akircali  2005.0 
worlds within worlds : metaphors for exploring n-dimensional virtual worlds s feiner c beshers   
high-confidence design for security sk chin communications-acm 1999.0 
a new approach to interactive performance systems h kuå?cu bt akgã 1/4 n proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
parallel blackboard system . k decker a garvey m humphrey v lesser university of massachusetts technical report  
using iterated bagging to debias regressions l breiman machine learning 2001.0 
hmong parent education and involvement and its impact on children : a correlational study ca bondioli  2000.0 
somatostatin s yamada m ito s kobayashi horumon to rinsho 1976.0 
the complexity of xpath query processing g gottlob c koch r pichler proceedings of the 22nd acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium  
newblock the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . 1990  
supersymmetry and supergravity '' 260 pages 2nd rev. a edition ( march 3 1992 ) princeton univ pr j bagger j wess   
ribbons and beads : native american art reveals history and culture al mccall social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
congenital long-qt syndrome : a case report illustrating diagnostic pitfalls1 p salen v nadkarni journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
comparing and aggregating rankings with ties r fagin r kumar m mahdian d sivakumar e vee   
multimedia call admission control in mobile networks : a dynamical reservation-pool approach f hu nk sharma computer networks 2003.0 
data grid for large-scale medical image archive and analysis hk huang a zhang b liu z zhou j documet n proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
teaching about goods and services using benny 's pennies . pull-out 1 . c mcgrew social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
porpoise fisheries in the southern caribbean â ?? present utilizations and future potentials dk caldwell mc caldwell proceedings of the 23rd annual session of the gulf and & hellip ;  
energy research and development corporation ( australia ) project report no. 37 rm gifford  1991.0 
aliens who receive ssi payments . cg scott e ponce unpublished manuscript.  
chemistry and pathobiology of advanced glycation end products ed schleicher a bierhaus pp nawroth r lehmann contributions to nephrology 2001.0 
intelligent selection of instance for prediction functions in lazy learning j zhang ys yim j yang artificial intelligence review  
syphilis testing b clyne da jerrard journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
sabre flies to open systems gh anthes computerworld  
the shadow of the future : effects of anticipated interaction and frequency of contact on buyer - jb heide as miner the academy of management journal 1992.0 
bpr success or failure ? a business process reengineering project in the financial services industry ma larsen md myers   
the bird collectors : academic press b mearns r mearns san diego california  
certification programs for business and industry . tj settle new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
system v enhanced . j gallant computerworld. 1984.0 
towards a universal relation interface sl osbom proc . intl. conf . on very large data  
control flow analysis for thecalculus . concurrency theory ( concurâ ?? 98 ) c bodei p degano f nielson hr nielson proceedings ( d. sangiorgi r. de simone eds . )  
brief presentation of the story and present status of studies of the vertebrate cholinergic system ag karczmar neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
september 2003 as at 30 sept. 2003 $ m as at as at  
breeam 98 for offices r baldwin a yates n howard s roa isbn 1998.0 
efficient model checking using tabled resolution ys ramakrishna cr ramakrishnan iv ramakrishnan lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
variability and models of the effective quantum yield of carbon assimilation in the sargasso sea jc sorensen  1996.0 
graph structure in the web a tomkins j wiener computer networks  
approaches to measuring size of application products with case tools g tate j verner information and software technology 1991.0 
tech ed a robbins pc magazine  
emerging needs for consultants in higher education . dh pilon new directions for higher education 1991.0 
multimodalityâ ?? the future of the wireless user interface spa ringland fj scahill bt technology journal 2003.0 
a novel von willebrand disease-causing mutation ( arg273trp ) in the von willebrand factor propeptide s allen am abuzenadah j hinks jl blagg t blood-new york - 2000.0 
ecientlymininglongpatternsfromdatabases r bayardo proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
fixit f echtler h najafi g klinker demonstration at the international symposium on augmented & hellip ;  
rowohlt verlag 1990 mfh hamm   
the use of genetic algorithms in the construction of mixed multilevel orthogonal arrays rb safadi rh wang proceedings of the 23rd symposium of the interface between & hellip ;  
global ecological democracy js dryzek see low  
ontologies and rules in support of real-time ubiquitous application m hatala r wakkary l kalantari journal of web semantics special issue on '' rules and & hellip ; 2005.0 
paleoenvironments provenance and tectonic implications of the sespe formation southern california jl howard santa barbara university of california  
selection of file organization using an analytical model sb yao ag merten proc . internat . conf . of very large data bases framingham & hellip ;  
minimum cost selection of secondary indexes for formatted files hd anderson pb berra acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1977.0 
thoughts on inverse orthogonal matrices jj sylvester phil . mag  
characterisation of mobile radio signals : base station crosscorrelation amd turkmani   
printers ( the drivers manual ) j mace pc magazine  
a two-torus oscillator r rassai rw newcomb proc . 28th midwest symp . on circuits and systems louisville & hellip ;  
h for nonlinear stochastic systems n berman u shaked proc . 29th conf . mechanical  
thinking way-based systems and culture of manufacturing-engendering proposals for developing region - y ito 522 d. hell et al. proceedings of 2nd ims international  
deterministic capacity expansion under deterioration s rajagopalan management science 1992.0 
for integrated environments d garlan e ilias atip low-cost proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer -  
winners and losers : who benefits most from the mba ? r simpson management learning 2000.0 
prisons as communities : needs and challenges wb james je witte d tal-mason new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
a guide to the nests eggs and nestlings of north american birds.â ?? academic press pj baicich cjo harrison san diego california  
the heuristic search and the game of chess lr harris procs . 4th int . joint conf . on art .  
augmented reality as a metaphor in mobile computing o bertelsen c nielsen proc dis2000 acm acm  
who gets what where and how : a welfare focus for human geographyâ ?? dm smith geography  
a symbolic representation of time series with implications for streaming algorithms j lin e keogh s lonardi b chiu proceedings of the 8th acm sigmod workshop on research & hellip ; 2003.0 
the structure of cedar dc swinehart pt zellweger rb hagmann   
b ~ rnstein pa on the updatability of relational views u dayal proc . 4th int . conf . very large databases berlin west & hellip ;  
organizing global r & d : challenges dilemmas and future trends m von zedtwitz iamot2002 the 11th international conference on management & hellip ;  
perspectives on â ?? personal identityâ ?? c raab bt technology journal 2005.0 
a method of ica in time-frequency domain s ikeda n murata proc . ica  
nanogen c technology san  
no silver bullet : essence and accidents of software engineering www-inst . eecs.berkeley.edu   
regular rewriting of active xml and unambiguity s abiteboul t milo o benjelloun   
logitech sounds off with inexpensive 16-bit board wl rosch pc magazine 1993.0 
virtual documents that explain how things work : dynamically generated question-answering documents t gruber s vemuri j rice   
a social history of the mobile telephone with a view of its future h lacohã © e n wakeford i pearson bt technology journal 2003.0 
performance engineering as an integral part of system design c harvey bt technology journal  
system description : spass version 1.0 . 0 c weidenbach b afshordel u brahm c cohrs t lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
who manages your rights ? mj miller pc magazine  
c k-smoothness of invariant curves in a global saddle-node bifurcation j. diff . eq t young  1995.0 
computer generated animation of faces fi parke proceedings of the acm annual conference-volume 1 1972.0 
efficient production of hydrogen from higher hydrocarbons using novel membrane reformer z chen s elnashaie & hellip ; world hydrogen energy conference montreal canada june  
information extraction from web pages based on k-testable tree automaton inference r kosala h blockeel m bruynooghe j van den  2002.0 
client-site query extensions t mayr p seshadri sigmod conference 1999.0 
molecular engineering of octupolar nlo molecules and materials based on bipyridyl metal complexes . o maury h le bozec acc . chem . res 2005.0 
art into fashion george braziller new york 1986 d sonia   
cohorts of the future cj grabinski new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
parallel simulation of stochastic and colored petri nets c burdorf submitted for  
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries g georg k christoph p reinhard proc . of the vldb  
handbook of optical constants of solids ii 1academic ed palik san diego  
flexible open caching for the web sj caughey db ingham mc little www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
mdâ ?? 94 & keith s. somers dr moss   
towards exploiting link evolution s chien c dwork r kumar d sivakumar unpublished manuscript 2001.0 
measurement of the effective fraction of delayed neutrons by the î ± - rossi method va dulin gm mikhailov at .  
management misinformation systems rl ackoff management science 1967.0 
the use of session control in davic to provide interactive multimedia services rd miles pw reece l boon bt technology journal 1998.0 
g. graefe optimization of dynamic query evaluation plans rl cole proc . of the/994 acm  
drt ac command & hellip ; tmd operational concept demonstration 93å ? 1 . â ?? ( u ) january  
architecture of an open object-oriented database management system dl wells ja blakeley cw thompson   
active learning in continuing professional education : the challenge of leadership . jc novak new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
fast closing switches for low-impedance pulse generators jgh salge u katschinski j heuer tu braunschweig   
scientific databases-state of the art and future directions m zemankova ye ioannidis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
a knowledge representation system for integration of general knowledge and case-specific knowledge a aamodt procs . int . conf . on tools with artificial intelligence  
biota and stream water quality monitoring dj russell aj mcdougall demonstration of management and rehabilitation of acid & hellip ;  
air traffic control complete jj godfrey  1997.0 
structure and steroidogenic enzimes of the seminal vesicle of the urohaze-goby ( glossogobius k asahina k suzuki t hibiya b tamaoki san diego  
wave scattering by surface-breaking cracks and cavities bv budaev db bogy submitted for  
a computational techniquefor inverse kinematics wa wolovich h elliott pages 1359â ?? 1363of : proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference & hellip ;  
group assessment in the on-line learning environment ja nicolay new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
language is spatialâ ?? : experimental evidence for image schemas of concrete and abstract verbs dc richardson mj spivey s edelman ad naples   
automata for modelling real-time systems . icalpâ ?? 1990 lncs 443 r alur dl dill   
conferencing software : letâ ?? s interface j salemi pc magazine  
x-ray astronomy experiments from sounding rockets s rappaport  1987.0 
p6 and beyond : intel 's plans for the next level of processor technology m feibus pc magazine 1993.0 
object and rle management m the exodus extensible database system cmj carey dj dewltt je i & ha & on ej shelata proceedmgs of 1986 vldb conference  
reviews of plasma physics edited by ma leontovich ( consultants bureau new york 1965 ) si braginskii vol .  
matching information systems with corporate information needs mc er information and software technology 1987.0 
nsf-inria . worksop s abiteboul p buneman c delobel r hull p sigmod record 1990.0 
eevl : past present and future r macleod l kerr electronic library 1997.0 
complex objects art : t their use in design transaction r lorie w plouffe prcx : . acm sigmod conf . san jose . may  
database issues for the 21st century a bosworth proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
astronomy & astrophysics l decin b vandenbussche c waelkensâ ? ¦  2001.0 
logic verification using binary decision diagrams in a logic synthesis environment s malik ar wang rk brayton a sangiovanni -   
j. solid state chem b chevalier jl bobet e gaudin m pasturel j at  
fast algebraic attacks on stream ciphers with linear feedback n courtois   
bernhard â ?? the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectanglesâ ?? n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of  
abstract interpretation p cousot acm computing surveys ( csur ) 1996.0 
due diligenceâ ?? why it needs to be involved before a merger k melymuka computerworld  
maids : mining alarming incidents from data streams yd cai d clutter g pape j han m welge l auvil proceedings of the 23rd acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
java for 3d and vrml worlds r lea k matsuda k miyashita  1996.0 
the rise and fall of festivals ; reflections on the salzburg festival bs frey   
simultaneous quantification of dna and rna in tissue sections . a comparative analysis of the methyl ekw schulte ho lyon pe hoyer the histochemical journal 1992.0 
principles of medicinal chemistry 4th ed. ; williams & wilkins : baltimore wo foye tl lemke md  
implementation intentions and effective goal pursuit pm gollwitzer v brandstaetter journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
1.0 : userâ ?? s manual ck simulator  1995.0 
individualism and collectivism : cross-cultural perspectives on self-ingroup relationships hc triandis r bontempo mj villareal m asai n journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
complete arcs in pg ( 2 25 ) : the spectrum of the sizes and the classification of the smallest s marcugini a milani f pambianco   
on the complexity of the view-selection problem h karloff m mihail proceedings of the eighteenth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ; 1999.0 
equivalence between frã $ ä ± sseâ ?? s conjecture and jullienâ ?? s theorem a montalban submitted for  
sunday observer 18 may 2003 j burke   
andprabhakarraghavan . automaticsubspaceclusteringof highdimensional data for data mining jg rakeshagrawal d gunopolos acm sigmod conference  
personal communication . study on file with fda rockville k reali md  
strategic decision processes : comprehensiveness and performance in an industry with an unstable jw fredrickson tr mitchell the academy of management journal 1984.0 
are speech recognisers still 98 accurate or has the time come to repeal ` hyde 's law ' ? rd johnston bt technology journal 1996.0 
service level agreements : keeping a rein on expectations j hathaway proceedings of the 23rd annual acm siguccs conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
security for service discovery c cap s preuss i sedov h buchholz  2002.0 
college teaching : an art or a science ? ja centra p bonesteel new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
grid data management systems & services a jagatheesan r moore proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
investigations on the establishment of dgps services in china c peng-fei technical university of graz  
alcohol-related seizures part ii : clinical presentation and management es freedland db mcmicken journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
open stope cavity monitoring for the control of dilution and ore loss ap jarosz l shepherd   
national water research institute canada rc murthy & hellip ; coastal management of mumbai ( bombay ) india : a coastal city & hellip ;  
the evolution of cscw : past present and future development d crow s parsowith gb wise acm sigchi bulletin 1997.0 
laser welding thin sheets for car body structures m cantello sl gobbi jf flavenot a diboine & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
quality-of-service differentiation in an integrated services gsm/gprs network r litjens rj boucherie submitted for  
gender inequalities in the labor market in turkey : differentials in wages industrial & occupational r selim ä ° ä ° lkkaracan   
high-pressure homogeniser valve mechanics . chemecaâ ?? 95 ar kleinig bh ide apj middelberg proceedings of the 23rd australian chemical engineering & hellip ;  
testing in the schools : individualized intelligence tests and curriculum based measurement kl emery  2003.0 
knowledge sharing over p2p knowledge networks : a peer ontology and semantic overlay driven approach ssr abidi x pang   
the california gap analysis project fw davis dm stoms ad hollander ka thomas pa & hellip ; report ( university of california santa barbara california & hellip ;  
campusworld and bt 's on-line education service pc leveridge bt technology journal 1997.0 
model checking-timed uml state machines and collaborations a knapp s merz c rauh lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
exploiting partial operand knowledge br mestan  2002.0 
global positioning system for mobile robots with distributed sensors jh lee h hashimoto proc . int . conf . iros  
dscl : a data specification and conversion language for networks gm schneider proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1975.0 
shoppinggardenâ ?? improving the customer experience with on-line catalogues r tateson e bonsma bt technology journal 2003.0 
xml programming fã ¶ rlag : r wyke allen  2002.0 
real-time database systems : issues and approaches sh son acm sigmod  
who 's liable for insecure networks ? e kenneally   
developing a successful information and communication technology industry : the role of venture t vinig r blocq j braafhart o laufer   
concepts and capabilitiesof a databasecomputer j banerjee ri baum dk hsiao k kannan acm transactions on database systems  
ii . 1986 . are age-structured data and analysis necessary for fisheries management jt quinn & hellip ; international biomathematics conference seattle  
mechanical ventilation : past and present k chen gl sternbach re fromm j varon journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
views in a large scale xml database v aguilera s cluet t milo d vodislav p veltri vldb journal  
the case for enhanced abstract data types praveen seshadri p sesshadri m livny r ramakrishnan   
a generalized access path model and its application to a relational data base system cr carlson rs kaplan   
your mediators need data conversation s cluet c delobel j simeon k smaga proceedings of acm-sigmod international  
knowledge management p loshin computerworld  
call blocking probabilities in a traffic-groomed tandem optical network an washington h perros computer networks 2004.0 
model reference adaptive control for large scale systems with application to power systems h yousef m simaan   
rapidly solidified materials : properties and processing pw lee jh moll  1988.0 
seqhound biological sequence database system as a platform for bioinformatics research k michalikova gd bader m dumontier r isserlin   
three-dimensional ct images of shock waves and vortices discharged from open ends h honma t yoshimura t kaneta t morioka k maeno proceedings of the 23rd issw fort  
leung â ?? mobility-basedpredictive call admission control andbandwidth reservation in wireless f yu andv computer  
industrial ecology . 2nd prentice hall 2003 te graedel   
guide to the rapide 1.0 langauage reference manuals d luckhman technical report stanford university http : anna . stanford .  
differing perspectives of evaluation e chelimsky new directions for program evaluation  
02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 january 1989 ma cambridge   
contribution to the accapp03 conference a boudardâ ? ¦ san diego  
auld leaky : a contextual open hypermedia link server dt michaelides de millard mj weal d deroure lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
pig alpha 1 3galactosyltransferase : sequence of a full-length cdna clone chromosomal localisation km strahan f gu l andersson k gustafsson transplant proc 1995.0 
benign course after massive ingestion of yohimbine k friesen w palatnick m tenenbein journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
conf . on management of data san diego ca bs int sigmod  
stochastic decision processes : theory computation and estimation manuscript j rust university of wisconsin  
morphologic findings in baseline kidney biopsies from living related donors g nyberg l hedman i blohme c svalander transplant proc 1992.0 
new zealand 's scenic rivers . a study in resource use . ge jones   
interventions for educating children who have attended the emergency room for asthma mm haby e waters cf robertson pg gibson fm cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
an international survey of industrial applications of formal methods . technicalreport us d craigen s gerhart t ralston   
delimiting the cbd re murphy je vance jr economic geography 1954.0 
wesco/ic expo 98 delves into system-on-a-chip lssues j desposito  1998.0 
wavesurfer-an open source speech tool k sjã ¶ lander j beskow   
data and knowledge representation models of distributed frame systems d soshnikov proc . of pre-conference workshop of vldb-2003â ?? emerging  
open source buildingâ ?? reinventing places of living k larson s intille tj mcleish j beaudin re bt technology journal 2004.0 
towards a symbolic-level force feedback : recognition of assembly sequence states h asada s hirai proc . int . symp . robotics res  
newsday 29 august 1990 ; 3 january 1991 k royce   
administrators evaluation and the stream of life . hl hodgkinson new directions for higher education 1978.0 
stream : the stanford stream data manager ( demonstration description ) a arasu b babcock s babu m datar k ito i proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2003.0 
living related liver transplantation : 36 cases at the university of hamburg m malago x rogiers m burdelski ce broelsch transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
approximating p-complete problems rj anderson ew mayr technical report stanford university  
strategische organisation-prinzipien zur vitalisierung und virtualisierung moderne industrie 1996 c scholz   
state of the art in workflow management research and products c mohan sigmod conference 1996.0 
accelerated living r kurzweil pc  
timing of surgery for aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage pc whitfield pj kirkpatrick cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
s-parameter measurements in the time domain r tkadlec   
ramakrishnan r. : an amateurâ ?? s introduction to recursive query processing strategies f bancihhon acm sigmod  
an active worlds interface to bscw snowdon a huxor d. ( ed . ) churchill e. ( ed . ) : proceedings of collaborative vir -  
environmental hazards : the challenge of change d jones geography  
robust learning with missing data p sebastiani machine learning 2001.0 
r. ; â ?? ontolingua : a mechanism to support portable ontologiesâ ?? t gruber technical report ksl-91-66 . stanford university knowledge  
asope and the fabled promise of process knowledge capture and reuse sg thompson br odgers e kendall bt technology journal 1999.0 
ew design of a multi-level file management system h ver proc . acm 21st nat . conf. aug  
magnitude and spatial distribution of urban flammable materials in the san jose area california ds simonett  1986.0 
adaptive scheduling for master-worker applications on the computational grid e heymann ma senar e luque m livny lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
detection of extreme waves in sar images and radar-image sequences h dankert j horstmann w rosenthal   
heuristically enhanced optimal control a guez proc . ieee conf . on decisionand control athens greece  
psychiatric services on campus . rl arnstein new directions for higher education 1973.0 
heterotopic liver transplantation in end-stage hbsag-positive cirrhosis d houssin d franco p berthelot h bismuth lancet i 1980.0 
a logical view over structured files s abiteboul s cluet t milo vldb journal  
design-analysis associativity technology for psi r peak re fulton a chandrasekhar s cimtalay m phase i report : pilot demonstration of step-based stress  
her-2 / neu genomic aberrations in pituitary carcinoma v nosã © bw scheithauer vl lloyd k kovacs e & hellip ; 8th pituitary pathology meeting delphi-athens greece  
orthogonal optimization of subqueries and aggregation ca galindo-legaria m joshi sigmod conference 2001.0 
importance of rice pests and challenges to their management mb cohen s savary n huang o azzam sk datta see ref  
object-relational databases on the www : design and implementation m paskin p seshadri submmited to acm  
tri-national in an acquisition mode : activity picking up at two major baja california resorts tk biberman san diego transcript  
the reviews editor for primary geographer is david owen . p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
design metrics for database systems rhm gray bn carey na mcglynn ad pengelly bt technology journal  
analysis of accelerograms of the patrasâ ?? seismic sequence ( 14 july 1993 ) recorded at national gn stavrakakis is kalogeras jk drakopoulos proc . of esc xxiv general assembly athens greece  
page allocation to reduce access time of physical pages bk bray wl lynch mj flynn technical report csl-tr-90-454 stanford university  
developing adaptive internet based courses with the authoring system netcoach g weber hc kuhl s weibelzahl lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
in the midst of winter : living dying and grieving in the context of aids . [ videocassette ] lc dick seattle washington : northwest aids video project  
international reference ionosphere 1990 rep. nssdc 90-22 natl. space sci . data cent. greenbelt d bilitza md  
the integration and training of arbitrary-order hmms ja du preez dm weber & hellip ; journal on intelligent information processing systems ( & hellip ;  
gpcad : a tool for cmos op-amp synthesis m del mar hershenson sp boyd th lee proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
advanced internetwork designâ ?? today and in the future gm whalley p hitchen a smith k linsell p bt technology journal 1998.0 
intranet products : content and collaboration t pompili pc magazine-american edition - 1996.0 
professor of materials d clarke university of california santa  
dietary cation-anion difference : preventing milk fever dk beede feed management  
the interface chemistry between chalcogenide clusters and open framework chalcogenides . p feng x bu n zheng acc . chem . res 2005.0 
randomness and recursive enumerability t slaman   
characteristics of female sexually transmitted disease clinic clients who report same-sex behaviour jm marrazzo la koutsky   
from structured documents to novel query facilities in proc . of acm sigmod conference may 1994 v christophides s abiteboul s cluet m scholl   
s ~ quin ch a vlsi risc d patterson ch sequin ieee computer  
overcoming the liability of foreignness s zaheer the academy of management journal 1995.0 
reading a set of disk pages b seeger pa larson vldb 1993.0 
the rise of the entrepreneurial state : state and local economic development policy in the united pk eisinger  1989.0 
the value of flexibility : the case of a dual-fuel industrial steam boiler n kulatilaka   
software evolution : past present and future k bennett information and software technology  
architecture for distributed multimedia database systems . pb berra cyr chen a ghafoor cc lin tdc little   
edas j. cornil d. beljonne da dos santos z. shuai jl br acc . chem . res  
workgroup computing : group enabled r ayre bz gottesman pc magazine  
small business solutions for e-commerce b kienan  2000.0 
towards on-line analytical mining in large databases h jiawei acm sigmod record  
verso : a backend relational machine e bancilhon proc . sixth vldb  
the regional distribution of ventilation in obstructive and restrictive disease ms skorodin nj gross w druz ga gergauz tj milo demonstration  
personal computers to spark growth in tempest products jb schultz defense electronic  
resource management in large distributed systems a goscinski m bearman   
pathways of human influence on water temperature dynamics in stream channels gc poole ch berman & hellip ; states environmental protection agency . seattle washington 2000.0 
user-driven applications of advanced networks for electronic marketing of tourism products pf byerley j ewers electronic markets  
market structure and competitive behavior in the dairy industry : the present state of knowledge . jr moore  1959.0 
analyzing massive data streams : past present and future m garofalakis proceedings of the 8th acm sigmod workshop on research & hellip ; 2003.0 
urban stream rehabilitation in the pacific northwest : physical biological and social db booth jr karr s schauman cp konrad sa  2001.0 
bone formation in vitro by stromal cells obtained from bone marrow of young adult rats c maniatopoulos j sodek ah melcher cell and tissue research 1988.0 
tiltrotor simultaneous non-interfering ( sni ) operations fj aguilera european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy as szalay p kunszt a thakar j gray d slutz rj   
spatial data mining : discovering knowledge of clusters from maps r ng proc . 1996  
detailed analytical model of a single-cylinder diesel engine in the crank angle domain yh zweiri jf whidborne ld seneviratne proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
origins ofthe word â ?? nerd.â ?? jc dvorak pc magazine  
library for architecture-independent development of structured grid applications m lemke d quinlan acm sigplan notices 1993.0 
enemy at the gate : threats to information security me whitman communications-acm 2003.0 
a geometric approach to threshold circuit complexity t kailath a orlitsky v roychowdhury ky siu proc . 4th acm conference colt  
20910 usa 1979 md spring   
proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated content on the world wide web : an approach and a datta k dutta h thomas d vandermeer k acm transactions on database systems 2004.0 
countering non-lethal information warfare h kluepfel proc . ieee 29th ann . int . carnahan conf . on security & hellip ;  
a database design for musical infomation wb rubenstem   
an introduction to the web services architecture and its specifications version 1.0 lf cabrera k christopher d box  2004.0 
support vector machine clustering a ben-hur d horn ht siegelmann v vapnik journal of machine learning research  
critical and postmodern perspectives on adult learning dw kilgore new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
the rebound sorter : an efficient sort engine for large files tc chen vy lum c tung vldb 1978.0 
a parallel implementation of smith-waterman sequence comparison algorithm bhw yang   
adaptive resource management for indoor mobile computing environments s lu v bharghavan proceedings of acm  
answering xml queries over heterogeneous data sources i manolescu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
distributed stochastic simulation and amdalhâ ?? s law k pawlikowski d mcnickle  1998.0 
human resource development as adult education : fostering the educative workplace jm dirkx new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
multi-step processing of spatial joins t brinkhoff hp kriegel r schneider b seeger   
aspects of effective learning environments r hiemstra new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
multi-model based optimization for stream query processing y liu b plale   
a benchmark for xml data management a schmidt f waas m kersten m carey i manolescu vldb  
worst-case bounds for the logarithmic loss of predictors n cesa-bianchi g lugosi machine learning 2001.0 
flash : an efficient and portable web server 1998 vs pai p druschel w zwaenepoel submitted for  
an analysis of storage utilization in block split data structuring scheme t nakamura t mizoguchi 4th international conference on very large  
e. kendall pw marzwaha n cusack phil . mag  
design of movable bridges gm stepanov & hellip ; engineering international iabse zurich switzerland  
responding to learning needs . kp cross new directions for higher education 1979.0 
the roles of expression and representation in language evolution jr hurford   
1 1996 all primary care services ( excluding hospital outpatient services ) have been free for all s april   
optimal focussing of scalar fields subject to arbitrary upper bounds t isernia g panariello electronic  
mobile radio channels modeling in matlab n kostov   
activeviewsforelectroniccommerce s abiteboul c cluet l mignet b amann t milo a proc . 25th vldb edinburgh uk september  
statistics on views ca galindo-legaria mm joshi f waas mc wu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
a performance evaluation of pointerbased joins es sc901 mj carey proc . of the acm sigmod intl. ccmf :  
leap : the educational effects of leap and enhanced services in cleveland : ohio 's learning earning d long  1994.0 
inhabited intelligent environments v callaghan g clarke m colley h hagras jsy bt technology journal 2004.0 
batched searching of sequential and tree structured files b shneiderman acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
communications for the construction industry gw popple sp towndrow bt technology journal 1994.0 
implementation of an 8-bit microcontroller with system c l kesen  2004.0 
pc docs open : the next step j karney pc magazine 1993.0 
science of design for information systems r ramakrishnanâ ? ¦ acm sigmod record  
sâ ? spatialstats version 1.0 i mathsoft  1996.0 
making on-line services work for you a kantor pc magazine march  
the r * - tree : an efficientandrobustaccess methodforpoints andrectangles n beckmann h kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
robotised applications using solid state laser for the automotive industry m dorronsoro & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
tutorial : state of the art in workflow management system research and products c mohan 5th international conference on extending database & hellip ; 1996.0 
the r * tree : an efficient and robust index method for points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger acm sigmod conf . on the management of  
backward { forward stochastic differential equations and stochastic games s hamadene   
smartbo g elger b furugren an ict and computer-based demonstration home for the & hellip ;  
beneficial reuse of foundry sand in controlled low strength materials ( clsm ) j spoerl t green final report demonstration  
internet congestion control for future high bandwidth-delay product environments m hardley d katabi c rohr proceedings of acm  
stochastic models estimation and control vol . 1 ps maybeck   
industrial applications of asf + sdf m van den brand a van deursen p klint s lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
do firms use dividends to signal large future cash flow increases ? y brook wt charlton rj hendershott financial management 1998.0 
rhythmic robot control using oscillators in â ?? irosâ ?? 98â ?? mm williamson  1998.0 
a calculation of defect gibbs energies for silver chloride and silver bromide . cr catlow phil . mag. 1987.0 
datapath and compiler integration of coarse-grain reconfigurable xpp-arrays into pipelined risc j becker a thomas m scheer proceedings of ifip international conference on very large & hellip ;  
object lifecycles : modeling the world in states m stephen s sally   
microsoft data mining : integrated business intelligence for e-commerce and knowledge management b de ville  2001.0 
evaluation of executive educational session for printcafe annual user conference tb quinn  2003.0 
a system for sculpting 3-d data re parent acm siggraph computer graphics 1977.0 
superfluid interfaces in liquid he-3 : superconducting cosmic domain walls in the laboratory ( abstract mm salomaa oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
engineering distributed systems : simulation-based co-design hs sarjoughian d hild bp zeigler ieee computer  
university buildings and energy-problems and perspectives e trianti s stournas c younis p schoinas technical chamber of greece conf . proceedings athens & hellip ;  
role of non-stachastic-based metrics in quantification of software reliability e petrova a veevers information and software technology 1990.0 
business process management : models techniques and empirical studies wmp van der aalst j desel a oberweis lecture notes in computer science 1806.0 
response of a stream channel to an increase in sediment load : unpublished ms thesis ma madej university of washington seattle washington  
evaluation of an alternating-prf method for extending the range of unambiguous doppler velocity t dazhang sg geotis re passarelli conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
the 1992 farrington lecture : drumlin bedforms and related ice-marginal depositional systems in am mccabe irish geography  
a knowledge acquisition tool for intelligent computer tutors t murray bp woolf acm sigart bulletin 1991.0 
multicasting a changing repository ( extended version ) w lam h garcia-molina technical report stanford university 2002 . available at http : /  
state of art in cable screening measurements ep fowler lk halme proc . int . symp . electromagnetic  
research issues in databases for active rapidly changing data systems arcs a datta acm sigmod record  
begey 's manual of determinative bacteriology 8th edn . williams and wilkins : baltimore re buchanan ne gibbons md  
techniques for logic synthesis ar newton proceedings ofthe ifip international conference on very  
the mm/sub-mm foregrounds and future cmb space missions fr bouchet r gispert jl puget aip conference proceedings 1995.0 
dynamic reference sifting : a case study in the homepage domain j shakes m langheinrich o etzioni www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
finite and infinite hypercube as direct products w imrich d rall   
object and study method of fluviology l chengkun geography  
extensible database management systems mj carey lm haas sigmod record 1990.0 
the sdss skyserverâ ?? public access to the sloan digital sky server data . acm sigmod 2002 as szalay j gray ar thakar pz kunszt t malik  2001.0 
s-plus 2000 modern statistics and advanced graphics ms inc & hellip ; analysis products division . mathsoft seattle washington  
technique for universal quantification in sql . sigmod record 1991 sigmod record 1991.0 
closed caption open source e blankinship b smith h holtzman w bender bt technology journal 2004.0 
positron lifetime in silver bromide kh surbeck & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1976.0 
labor confab issues call for training j king computerworld  
a framework for relocation in mobile process-centered software development environments s bhattacharyya lj osterweil   
profiling an open source project ecology and its programmers s koch electronic markets 2004.0 
digital binaural/stereo conversion and crosstalk canceling k kotorynski proceedings of  
j. vandenberg p. kunszt c. stoughton â ?? data mining the sdss skyserver database â ?? j gray d slutz a szalay a thakar microsoft technical report msr-tr-2002-01 jan. .  
antenna diagnosis using microwave holographic techniques on a far-field range ep ekelman & hellip ; techniques associatkâ ?? rr symposium seattle washington & hellip ;  
who qualifies for financial aid ? . km deitch new directions for higher education 1982.0 
framework for development of conceptual data modelling techniques hd crockett j guynes cw slinkman information and software technology 1991.0 
dbms selection and evaluation : perspectives and practical issues b berlin   
the three-level zvs pwm converter -- a new concept in high-voltage dc-to-dc conversion jr pinheiro i barbi iecon-proceedings - 1992.0 
volumen ii tomo i catã ¡ logo a de mã © xico   
the reeducation of emotionally disturbed children n hobbs see ref  
the computing research repository : promoting the rapid dissemination of computer science research jy halpern c lagoze proceedings of acm digital librariesâ ?? 99  
a phase ii study of cpt-11 a camptothecin derivative in patients with primary lung cancer . cpt-11 s negoro m fukuoka h niitani a suzuki t gan to kagaku ryoho 1991.0 
alphasort : a risc machine sort c nyberg t barclay z cvetanovic j gray d lomet proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
a design collaboration between children technologists and educators a druin j stewart d proft b bederson j hollan proceedings of acm  
discriminative sum types locate the source of type errors m neubauer p thiemann   
view representation in logical database design sb navathe m schkolnick proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference  
biofast : challenges in exploring linked life science sources j bleiholder z lacroix h murthy f naumann l sigmod record 2004.0 
chain : operator scheduling for memory minimization in stream systems m dalar b babcock s babu r motwani proceedings of acm-sigmod  
smooth is better than sharp : a random mobility model for simulation of wireless networks c bettstetter proceedings of the 4th acm international workshop on & hellip ; 2001.0 
answering xml queries on heterogeneous data sources [ c ] m ioana f daniela k donald proceedings of the vldb conference rome  
separation of motions in systems with a rapidly rotating phase ai neishtadt prikladnaia matematika i mekhanika 1984.0 
no silver bullet b frederick ieee computer  
state of the art in pattern recognition g nagy proc .  
an implementation of gem supportingasemanticdatamodelonarelational back-end s tsur c zaniolo proceedings sigmod conference boston massachusetts  
using model checking to validate ai planner domain models j penix c pecheur k havelund   
official methods of analysis 17th ed. aoac international gaithersburg w horwitz md  
the current state of proving programs correct rl london   
color quantization by dynamic programming and principal analysis x wu acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 1992.0 
personal communication j klott blm jarbidge resource area  
management of blood transfusion services 1990 sf hollã ¡ n w wagstaff j leikola f lothe   
minilaparotomy and endoscopic techniques for tubal sterilisation r kulier m boulvain d walker g de candolle a cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
laboratory measurement of rolling resistance in truck tyres under dynamic vertical load . aa popov dj cole cb winkler d cebon   
concepts and capabihties of a database computer j banerjee dk hsiao acm trans . database syst  
antibiotics for preventing infection in open limb fractures r gosselin i roberts w gillespie cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
simple alternate routing for differentiated services networks sd patek r venkateswaran j liebeherr computer networks 2001.0 
computational intelligence in atm call admission control p czezowski proceedings of the ieee ph. d. students conference ( gradcon & hellip ;  
controlled impact demonstration on-board ( interior ) photographic system cj may & hellip ; - scale transport controlled impact demonstration p 209-239 ( & hellip ; 1986.0 
aiga san diego y design conference k mccoy san diego  
episodic lake acidification weathering and evaporation in seasonally snow covered catchments in the a leydecker & hellip ; and marine biology university of california santa barbara  
corpus-based learning in stochastic ot-lfgâ ?? experiments with a bidirectional bootstrapping approach j kuhn   
md who evaluated petitioner for the dm exh . 81 â ¶ 35 p. 16 . [ 702-703 ] 157 pra markman   
a presidentâ ?? s view of the 1990â ?? s k mortimer s edwards new directions for higher education 1990.0 
a robust on-the-fly pitch ( otfp ) estimation algorithm s sood a krishnamurthy proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
a search interface for my questions macj overmeer computer networks 1999.0 
data visualization : data exploration on the grid i foster j insleay g von laszewski c kesselman ieee computer  
enzyme nomenclature ( recommendations of the nomenclature committee of the international union of ec webb academic san diego  
design of relational database schemas . g pangalos information and software technology 1988.0 
hawaii open ocean aquaculture demonstration program ce helsley & hellip ; of aquaculture species proc . 28th us-japan natural  
towards a social analysis of penality d garland p young the power to punish  
web services architecture k mockford bt technology journal 2004.0 
knowledge management ! r garner computerworld  
maskerade-angriffe im internet dfsh damker h federrath mj schneider eine demonstration fã 1/4 r unsicherheit . datenschutz und & hellip ;  
advisor : justin dauwels matthias frey and patrick merkli in collaboration with benjamin vigoda ( feb t koch continuous-time synchronization . zurich switzerland .  
integrating history and the art of larry rivers d turner social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
mutated query plans v papadimos d maier information and software technology  
earlyexperiencewithmessage-passingontheshrimp multicomputer ew felten rd alpert a bilas ma blumrich dw proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on computer & hellip ;  
hybridization in certain brazilian fringillidae ( sporophila and oryzoborus ) h sick proc . int . ornithol . congr  
a review of data mining techniques sj lee k siau   
xl : an xml programming language for web service specification and composition d florescu a gruenhagen d kossmann computer networks 2003.0 
essays on theoretical and applied econometrics sm sherlund  2003.0 
automated discovery of scoped memory regions for real-time java m deters r cytron   
pc come home . w flanagan pc magazine december  
design and implementation of a tcp/ip core for reconfigurable logic c kachris  2001.0 
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles proc n bechmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger acm sigmod  
asymmetric fingerprinting for larger collusions in â ?? 4th acm conference on computer and b pfitzmann m waidner zurich switzerland  
requirement engineering apnp rolland p negoro information and software technology 1999.0 
enhanced simulator takes on bus-structured logic h levin electronic design  
somatology of the child n exarchopoulos  1931.0 
delayed toxicity following ingestion of enteric-coated divalproex sodium ( epival ) - biochemical jr brubacher p dahghani d mcknight journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
learning communities curricular reform and the future . f gabelnick j macgregor rs matthews bl smith new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
heuristics for planning and presenting effective certificate programs . bd bratton new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
defining the miao n diamond see harrell  
iterative multi-step explicit camera calibrationâ ?? computer vision ( iccv98 ) j batista bombay india january  
design concepts for the california extremely large telescope ( celt ) je nelson proc .  
submission and repository management of digital libraries using www g karvounarakis s kapidakis computer networks 2000.0 
commands as media : design and implementation of a command stream jl herlocker ja konstan proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
profile : evaluation of coastal management plans with a spatial model : mississippi delta louisiana jayf martin environmental management 2000.0 
on twisted tensor products of algebras ( mimeographed ) johns hopkins univ. baltimore v gugenheim md  
rec . 16th ieee photovoltaic specialists conf a rothwarf san diego  
on using orthogonal functions for the analysis of singular systems w marszalek iee proceedings  
interface roughening and pinning s roux a hansen j. phys . i france 1994.0 
a comparison of two approaches for simulating lake-ground water interactions with modflow sk nair mm wilsnack proceedings for modflowâ ?? 98  
on death taxes and the convergence of peer-to-peer and grid computing i foster a iamnitchi lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
communications services in support of collaborative health care ba bowles r teale bt technology journal 1994.0 
intelligent support for epidemiological research through an organizational memory information system f burstein h linger a zaslavsky n crofts c   
graphpad software ii biostatistics san diego  
learned helplessness in children : a longitudinal study of depression achievement and explanatory s nolen-hoeksema js girgus mep seligman journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 
a reference architecture for integrating heterogeneous information sources using xml and agent model n arch-int   
survey of robot lawn mowers ii hicks proceedings of the spie 2000.0 
evaluation of effective thermoelastic properties of random fibrous composites m å?ejnoha   
exploiting a large thesaurus for information retrieval ar aronson tc rindflesch ac browne proceedings of riao 1994.0 
15 seconds of fameâ ?? an interactive computer-vision based art installation b batagelj f solina p peer proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
cognitive economy and the role of representation in on-line learning dj finton  2002.0 
u > choice of cobol for braille translation < / u > jk millen technical report mtr-1743 mitre corporation bedford  
dynamic programming and stochastic control dp bertsekas  1976.0 
on-line services replacing central location services la debula proceedings of the 23rd annual acm siguccs conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
reliable probabilistic verification using hash compaction p wolper u stern d leroy d dill submitted for  
e. suresha and ramamritham krithi ( 2002 ) . proxy-based acceleration of dynamically generated a datta k dutta hm thomas d vandermeer proceedings of 2002 acm sigmod conference madison & hellip ;  
industrial applications of software measurements o anderson information and software technology  
knowledge management at the mitre corporation mt maybury   
apj n walbornâ ? ¦  1997.0 
performance management : the state of the field . association for public policy and management df kettl 22nd annual research conference seattle washington  
genetic techniques for analysis of nematode muscle a bejsovec d eide p anderson see ref  
cervical radiography in the emergency department : who when how extensive ? rh daffner journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
optimization of storage structures of complex types in object-relational database systems s skatulla s dorendorf   
a class meetings approach to classroom cohesiveness . perspectives . f miller social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
intelligent control for automated vehicles : a decision aiding method for coordination of multiple nd geddes rj lee proceedings of auvsiâ ?? 98 25 thannual symposium and & hellip ;  
mema-model : towards a new approach for method engineering t punter k lemmen information and software technology 1996.0 
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives : the sloan digital sky survey . rj brunner j gray p kunszt d slutz as szalay   
what the future holds gh gaither new directions for higher education 1999.0 
the n ( 4 5 ) n ( 6 7 ) n ( 6 7 ) and n ( 4 5 ) o ( 2 3 ) n ( 6 7 ) resonance auger effects in the op sairanen s aksela proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
reducing risk through process improvement in rapidly changing business and e-commerce environments h li m ross g king g staples software quality management-international conference -  
ise integrated systems engineering ag sr manual zurich  
bayan : an arabic text database management system r king a morfeq proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1990.0 
predator : an or-dbms with enhanced data types p seshadri m paskin proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1997.0 
. 8th east-european conference on advances in databases and information systems ( adbis-04 ) 22-25 a albani b bazijanec k turowski c winnewisser budapest hungary  
computational frameworks for the fast fourier transform society for industrial and applied c van loan   
study on a fast profiling task of a robot with force control using feedforward of predicted contact k takahashi s aoyagi m takano procs . of the 4th japan-france congress & 2nd asia-europe & hellip ;  
microsoft terraserver : a spatial data warehouse . 1999 t barclay j gray d stuz microsoft  
the thermal conductivity of ice : new data on the temperature coefficient eh ratcliffe phil . mag  
human impact on the black bear in michigan 's lower peninsula am manville international conference on bear research and management  
the cerebellum as a neuronal machine jc eccles m ito j szentã ¡ gothai  1967.0 
tappi pulp . conf n liebergott  1994.0 
w. mackrell and r. bunt mobile multicast ( mom ) protocol : multicast support for mobile hosts t harrison c williamson proc . of acm mobicomâ ?? 97  
s. byrd roy . j. and heidorn george . e. 1985 . '' extracting semantic hierarchies from a large on - m chodorow proceedings of the 23rd  
pencigraphyâ ?? with agc : joint parameter estimation in both domain and range of functions in same s mann   
rapidly building synchronous collaborative applications by direct manipulation g banavar s doddapaneni k miller b mukherjee   
optimal grid : grid middleware for high performance computational biology j kaufman t lehman research report ibm almaden research center . email : { kaufman  
the grid file : an adaptable symmetric multikey file structure j nievergelt h hinterberger kc sevcik acm transactions on database 1984.0 
report on the lgth razilian symposium on databases ( sbbd 2004 ) sc lifschitz ahf laender sigmod record 2005.0 
a new approach to computing optimal schedules for the job-shop scheduling problem p martin db shmoys lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
on the search for a molecular mechanism of cytoplasmic inheritance : past controversy present ks chiang see . ref  
a guide to the identification and natural history of the sparrows of the united states and canada : jd rising san diego california  
multimedia-miner : a system prototype formultimedia data mining or zaiane j hanâ ? ¦ proc . of1998acm sigmod conf on management of data . seattle  
dynamic query execution plans g graefe k ward proceedings of the acm sigmod conference ( may  
gestion des populations d'auxilaires : recolonization naturelle ou introduction de phytoseiides en s kreiter g sentenac proceedings â ?? journee dâ ?? informations sur les auxiliaires & hellip ; 1995.0 
on line processing of compacted relations f bancilhon p richard m scholl vldb 1982.0 
getting the best of both worlds . ns friedman new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
qe . 1994 . the changing office pc mag pc  
international union of crystalography congress v pichon-pesme h lachekar c lecomte seattle washington usa  
multiphase flow and fluidization academic press d gidaspow san diego usa  
the doom phenomenon nj rubenking pc magazine  
andr . ramakrishnan . the case forenhanced abstract data types p seshadri m livny inproceedings of the23th vldb conference athens greece & hellip ;  
an anytime algorithm for scheduling of aircraft landing times using genetic algorithms v ciesielski p scerri & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems 1997.0 
the effect of relational background knowledge on learning of protein three-dimensional fold m turcotte s muggleton m sternberg machine learning 2001.0 
findingcandidatekeysforrelational data bases fj fadousr & hellip ; - sigmod international conference on management of data san & hellip ;  
lynne and benjamin robert . i. 1997 . are you gambling on a magic bullet m markus   
the development of tas : preparing for the future while enhancing the present . md svinicki new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
a model for the biological precipitation of precambrian iron formation : part a. geological evidence gl laberge ei robbins tm han  1987.0 
performance modellingâ ?? what why when and how p singleton bt technology journal 2002.0 
animationstechniken in win32 n thomson  1992.0 
national storage industry consortium and optoelectronics industry development association noods roadmap san diego  
the pc student as a teacher j varven pc magazine  
fuzzy logic enabled soc monitoring meters for nimh batteries s arey vr gaddam z yang p singh c fennie de procs .  
recent experiences with the stabilized temperature platform furnace and zeeman background correction w slavin gr carnrick dc manning e pruszkowska at . spectrosc  
a 1.8 v 94 db dynamic range 16 modulator for voice applications j grilo e macrobbie r halim gc temes proc . int . solid-state circuits conf  
arcojp : an architecture for comparing joins in parallel f freitas s lifschitz jaf macedo procs brazilian symposium of databases ( sbbd )  
man 's impact on the environment : some recent perspectives . f oldfield geography 1983.0 
fractalsforsecondarykeyretrieval cfs roseman proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
translocation of nuisance grizzly bears in northwestern montana sj riley k aune rd mace mj madel international conference on bear research and management  
migrating relational databases to object technology a behm   
remote procedure call we weihl acm press frontier series 1990.0 
pc database systems-present and future pa bernstein proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
abamectin ( zephyrdâ ?? r ) a : novel avermectin miti ci de/insecticide for spider mite control on nj hillon ra dyba search an d control conference  
impact assessment of ieee 1471 on the open group architecture framework r hilliard   
mastercard nears finish of payment system rollout l mearian   
78 / '' a software engineering view of data base systems h weber proc . 4th int . conf on vldb berlin  
n and hodgson pe 1960 b buck rn maddison phil . mag  
thermally activated mobile ejector refrigeration system analysis m salim proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2004.0 
preparing management plan for khao yai park : the process involved and the lessons learned s chettamart proceedings of the 25 thworking session of iucnâ ?? s & hellip ;  
effective teaching of adults : themes and conclusions jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
the design of a doctorate in business administration based on the expressed needs of business i trotsky  1978.0 
modeling and simulation in reactive systems m boasson proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ; 1996.0 
terrestrial planet finder : the search for life-bearing planets around other stars ca beichman proc . spie 1998.0 
a logical view of structured files s abiteboul s cluet t milo the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
path queries on compressed xml d battre   
an amateurâ ?? s introduction to recursive query processing strategies invited paper f bancilhon r ramakrishnan proceedings of sigmod  
mitschang . b. sikeler a. : prima-a dbms prototype supporting engineering applications t harder k meyer-wegener proc . 13th vldb conf. brighton uk  
a study of sort algorithms for multiprocessor database machines j menon vldb 1986.0 
an analysis of wide-are name server traffic : a study of the internet domain name system p danzig k obraczka a kumar proc acm  
massive ethylene glycol poisoning without evidence of crystalluria : a case for early intervention . mc haupt dn zull sl adamsâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine 1988.0 
on uplink call level qos in ds-cdma networks yk tang computer networks 2003.0 
parallel programmingwith polaris w blume r doallo r eigenmann j grout j ieee computer  
interactions among algae invertebrates and the physical environment in stream riffle communities tl dudley  1989.0 
left-deep vs. bushy trees : an analysis of strategy spaces and its implications for query ye ioannidis yc kang   
seven kinds of randomization plans for designing field experiments rf boruch w wothke new directions for program evaluation  
usa 2001 ma boston   
9511 ridgehaven court ar electronics san diego  
studies on a parallel ant system for the bsp model f kruger d merkle m middendorf unpublished  
electrochemically-controlled transport of lithium through ultra-thin sio2 for novel electronic and n ariel g ceder dr sadoway ea fitzgerald submitted for  
brownian motion and stochastic flow systems m harrison   
regulations 1990 p groups   
state of the art of aero-elastic codes for wind turbine calculation . bm pedersen proc. 28th meeting experts iea annex xi april  
full qcd algorithms towards the chiral limit m hasenbusch   
on-line spoilage detection by magnetic resonance imaging tw skloss c nicholls tw schenz at process 2000.0 
synthesis and preliminary evaluation of the biological properties of a 1 alpha 25-dihydroxyvitamin mr uskokovic ps manchand s peleg aw norman proceedings of the 10th workshop on vitamin d 1997 & hellip ;  
multiple { symbol differential detection scheme for differential amplitude modulation izsâ ?? 94 ( t suzuki t mizuno zurich switzerland mar  
paleocene geography of southern california [ ph. d. dissert . ] og sage jr santa barbara university of california  
eating disordered adolescent males ao eliot cw baker adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
mobile video-streaming md walker m nilsson t jebb r turnbull bt technology journal 2003.0 
stochastic stability of differential equations sijthoff and noordhoff alphen aan den rijn the rz hasminski md  
39 : specification and acceptance testing of computed tomography scannersdiagnostic x-ray imaging a report   
deconstructing massive multiplayer online role-playing games q jones z kumar w kahan proceedings of vldb  
urban water reuse in australia r williams & hellip ; of case studies and demonstration projects in : american & hellip ;  
cryptanalysis of alleged a5 stream cipher jd golic lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
compiler optimizations for distributed memory multicomputers used in the paradigm compiler dj palermo e su ja chandy p banerjee proceedings of the 23rd international conference on parallel  
topic-se : a tool-based open platform for integration of control in software environments k foughali b folliot information and software technology  
perspectives from the history and the politics of bilingualism and bilingual education in the united k hakuta ef mostafapour see parasnis 1996.0 
25443 usa 1990 wv shepherdstown   
teletext for public information : laboratory and field studies m elton j carey new directions for program evaluation 1984.0 
accommodating students with special needs in the online classroom tj buggey new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
a low incidence of grade ii to iv acute gvhd but high mortality from infection using hla-a - b and - j mattsson o ringden j aschan l barkholt t transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
profiting from value-added wireless services x geng ab whinston   
managing memory to meet multiclass workload response time goals kp brown mj carey m livny proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
orthogonal functions analysis of singular systems with impulsive responses ieeexplore.ieee.org   
stochastic stability of differential equations sijthoff & noordhoff alphen aan den rijnâ ?? rz hasminskii md  
the future of the ieee 1394 for instrumentation systems f tim  2000.0 
on extending the functions of a relational databaee system rl hasbin ra lorie proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod conference ( orlando fla.  
a case of rubella encephalitis : rubella virus genome was detected in the cerebrospinal fluid by m date m gondoh s kato m fukushima n nakamoto no to hattatsu 1995.0 
a soft-typing system for erlang so nystrom proceedings of acm sigplan erlang  
apologizing versus asking permission : optimistic concurrency control for abstract data types m herlihy acm transactions on database systems 1990.0 
portable networks : prototype and performance g bai k oladosu c williamson submitted for publication 2003.0 
graduate faculty council committee on reviews tuesday may 18 2004 8 : 30 am mit 245 ii announcements  2004.0 
oracle layza 's tales from fujitsu habitat t tsuchiya unpublished manuscript  
sundar das application of an analytical model to evaluate storage structures tj de k teorey proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
relational confidence bounds are easy with the bootstrap a pol c jermaine proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
statistics on views f waas c galindo-legaria mc wu m joshi proceedings of the 29th international conference on very & hellip ;  
semantic approach to service discovery in a grid environment sa ludwig sms reyhani journal of web  
a model for web services discovery with qos s ran   
the call of presdf defines the prescribed degrees of freedom c presdf   
n. tishby testing for non linearity and gaussianity in sustained portion of musical signals s dubnov proceedings of the joumees dâ ?? hrformatique musicale caen  
the digital divide : a global and national call to action r cullen electronic library 2003.0 
real-time databases s son acm sigmod record  
translations from the philosophical writings of gottlob frege p geach m black new york  
fabrication and testing of micron-sized cold-gas thrusters aiaa prog . astronaut r bayt k breuer  2000.0 
laws governing interactions between railroad roadbeds and permafrost na peretrukhin tv potaueva proceedings of 4th international conference on permafrost 1983.0 
many body physics ( plenum ny 1990 ) gd mahan   
5 lannet ii . 5 and comnet ii . 5 wj garrison ii network proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter  
spatial reuse in multihop packet radio networks l kleinrock j silvester ieee proceedings 1987.0 
control theory in strategic human resource management : the mediating effect of administrative sa snell the academy of management journal 1992.0 
procedure in taking stream bottom samples with the stream square foot bottom sampler ew surber proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of south east game & hellip ;  
the dancing genome project : generation of a human-computer choreography using a genetic algorithm fj lapointe m ã?poque proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
xl : a platform for web services d florescu d kossmann   
genetic and environmental architecture of human aggression dr miles g carey journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
evaluation of a mobile coronary care unit protocol in patients with acute onset chest pain . g bertini c rostagno t taddei s lazzerini a journal of emergency medicine 1991.0 
using vacations to increase the global awareness of students . dm bagley social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
data file management in shift-register memories we kluge acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
south dob index ( 1990 's from acpl e-resources ) '' c csra   
software engineering for parallel systems i jelly i gorton  1994.0 
fibrinogen depleting agents for acute ischaemic stroke ( cochrane review ) m liu c counsell xl zhao j wardlaw cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
fingerprint please a poor pc magazine . july  
does fuel hedging make economic sense ? the case of the us airline industry da carter da rogers bj simkins  2003.0 
programming active server pages s hillier d mezick  1997.0 
the casefor enhanced abstract datatypes p seshadri m livny r ramakrishnan proceedings of the 23th vldb  
session : acm multimedia art exhibition table of contents r rennã ³ r marchetti gd du rau proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
vaginal evisceration1 pc ferrera lg thibodeau journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
the greek internet users in numbers p mandravelis newspaper ethnos athens greece january  
paolini ( 1996 ) . information reuse in hypermedia applications m garzotto proceedings of acm  
stars in a circle publications ep quality gt heydt  1991.0 
principles of transaction processing pa bernstein   
the r * - tree : an efficient and robust access method for pointsand rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . 1990 acm sigmod  
composites in civil engineeringâ ?? state of the art in europe . cj burgoyne struct . eng . int . ( iabse zurich switzerland )  
atlas of protein sequence and structure . national biomedical research foundation silver spring rv eck mo dayhoff md  
research issues in spatial databases o guenther sigmod record 1990.0 
sur les deformations des algebres de courants de type reductif cr acad p lecomte c roger sci . paris i  
stream : the stanford stream data manager d proposal   
an analytical method for estimating and interpreting query time hy hwang yt yu vldb 1987.0 
efficient algorithms for processing xpath queries g koch c koch r pichler 28th vldb conference  
in-place editing of web pages : sparrow community-shared documents bw chang www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
progressive forest split compression g lazarus proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 98  
modelllng queries und updates in deductive dotabuses . c de maindreville e simon proc of 14th vldb los angeles sept  
an assessment of post-project reviews js busby project management journal 1999.0 
university of california at santa barbara ss sweet department of biological sciences . santa barbara california & hellip ;  
universal extended theories of integers vi martâ ?? janov algebra i logika  
object operations benchmark rggcj skeen acm transactions on database systems  
tourism to northern cyprus dg lockhart s ashton geography  
stochastic real valued action v gullapalli  1998.0 
high level system design and analysis using abstract state machines e boerger lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
a study of sort algorithms for multiprocessor db machines j menon proc . int . conf . on very large data bases  
finite element analysis of electromagnetic torque saturation harmonics in a squirrel cage machine a demenko electronic engineering 1999.0 
134th meeting of asa s sato y ando san diego  
program understanding needs during corrective maintenance of large-scale software a von mayrhauser a vans   
near-surface circulation in the northwestern pacific as derived from lagrangian drifters n maximenko g panteleev p niiler t yamagata proc . int . symp . triangle &#39; 98  
23 national formulary 18 united state pharmacopoeial convention rockville us pharmacopoeia md  
using replication to improve reliability in distributed information systems sh son information and software technology 1987.0 
geology of the frazier park-cuddy valley area em duebendorfer california [ m s. thesisi : santa barbara california & hellip ;  
wear and friction characteristics of pvd-coated roller bearings pw gold j loos m kuhn icmctf san diego  
essence and accidents of software engineering info.computer.org   
exploiting the efficiency and fairness potential of aimd-based congestion avoidance and control a lahanas v tsaoussidis a lahanas v tsaoussidis computer networks 2003.0 
cerius 9658 scranton road m simulation san diego  
query rewrite for xml in oracle xml db m krishnaprasad zh liu a manikutty jw warner v proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
super simulation shell for plants z muro n yanagihara h fujimoto   
a genome databases framework lfb seibel s lifschitz lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
absolute quantification methods in tissue near infrared spectroscopy sj matcher p kirkpatrick k nahid m cope dt proc spie 1995.0 
mobile databases : a selection of open issues and research directions g bernardâ ? ¦ sigmod record 2004.0 
ontologies and semantics for seamless connectivity m uschold m gruninger sigmod record 2004.0 
procedural and declarative database update languages s abiteboul v vianu proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1988.0 
wildlife feeding and nutrition . 2nd ed : academic press ct robbins san diego california  
who moves the market ? a study of stock prices and investment cashflows b boyer l zheng unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
clarans : efficient and effective clustering method for spatial data mining r ngâ ? ¦ proc . 1994 int . conf . very large data bases  
a linear programming approach to solving stochastic dynamic programs ma trick se zin unpublished manuscript 1993.0 
the rhetoric of sustainable development k chaharbaghi proceedings of international conference on management of & hellip ;  
structured testing : a testing methodology using the cyclomatic complexity metric . computer systems ah watson tj mccabe md  
cable pcs b macaraeg pc  
â ? ³ an amateurâ ? ² s introduction to recursive query processing strategies.â ? ³ acm sigmod international f bancihon r ramakrishnan sigmod record  
bushy trees : an analysis of strategy spaces and its implications for query optimization y ioannidis y kang  1991.0 
novel computer-based infrared pedestrian data-acquisition system ss mudally electronic letters  
1992 ontolingua : a mechanism to support portable ontologies t gruber technical report ksl 91-66 stanford university knowledge  
â ?? a condition that is not yetâ ?? : reactions reflections and closing comments ba quigley gw kuhne new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
the impact of global clustering on spatial database systems t brinkhoff hp kriegel proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
support vector clustering ab hur d horn ht siegelmann v vapnik journal of machine learning research  
the effects of streamwise concave curvature on turbulent boundary layer structure ah jeans jp johnston interim technical report massachusetts inst . of tech. & hellip ; 1982.0 
technology speculation : uses and benefits . 8th rb ward international conference on management of technology iamot . & hellip ;  
j. raddick c. stoughton j. vandenberh as szalay pz kunszt . the sdss skyserver : public access to the atjgt malik  2002.0 
vocational rehabilitation counselors in the state of wisconsin : their theoretical orientation the td fier  1999.0 
fools rush in ? the institutional context of industry creation he aldrich cm fiol the academy of management review 1994.0 
stream : the stanford data stream management system a arasu b babcock s babu j cieslewicz m datar   
reliably assessing reliability with sas software pm simpson pr phillips s lensing r hamer proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group international & hellip ;  
training needs assessment of the copper engineering group at adc j wachter  2001.0 
practical educational uses of the open distributed network monitor p minaie j kallman j truppi s dascalu f harris procs . of the intl. conf . on education and information & hellip ;  
hipac : combining active databases and time constraints u dayal b blaustein a buchmann s chakravarthy acm sigmod record  
extracting large-scale knowledge bases from the web r kumar p raghavan s rajagopalan a tomkins vldb 1999.0 
on the existence and uniqueness of solutions of mcshane stochastic integral equations g constantin r negrea   
ilog : declarative creation and manipulation of object identifiers r hull m yoshikawa vldb 1990.0 
uber die diaphanoskopische untersuchung der weiblichen beckenorgane j schramm-vogelsang mit demonstration seines neuen diaphanoskops . zentralblatt & hellip ;  
xml repository and active views demonstration jc mamou c souza s abiteboul v aguilera s proceedings of the 25th vldb conference edinburgh uk 1999.0 
distribution and growth of stone pine in greece . 14ht session of fao committee of sylva l romanas athens greece  
9685 scranton road i accelrys san diego  
com + v1 . 0 com services d cameron technical report microsoft corporation  
1994 . the impact of global clustering on spatial database systems t brinkho hp kriegel proc . 20th int . conf . on very large data  
values and methods : evaluation and management perspectives wd neigher w metlay new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
promis 1.6 userâ ?? s guide g hobler p pichler k wimmer technical university  
tissue distribution and quantification of the expression of mrnas of peroxisome proliferator - j rieusset l fajas p vallier v frering jp diabetes-new  
the birds of san diego county : san diego society of natural history p unitt san diego ca  
models and issues in data streaming systems b babcock s babu r motwani j widom sigmod record  
enhanced data types in predator p seshadri vldb journal  
a fatal incuriosity m dowd ny times new york ny usa . september  
federal perspectives on child obesity r carmona presentation  
using iterated irs model reduction techniques to calculate eigensolutions mi friswell sd garvey jet penny proc . spie 1997.0 
from structured documents to novel query facilities v christophides s abiteboul s cluet m scholl sigmod conference 1994.0 
no silver bullet virtualschool.edu   
a conceptual model for the co-maturation of it and fm processes j hinks & hellip ; of international conference facilities management in & hellip ;  
soil resource h jenny  1986.0 
â ?? note on x-rays and scattered x-rays cg barkla phil . mag  
multi-core soc platform integration using amba n stollon r veal l petrosian at designcon  
, pz kunszt . designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives : the sloan digital sky survey atjgdr slutz  2000.0 
apparatus and techniques cm buck rp lancaster area 2001.0 
l. r onyai . polynomial time solutions of some problems in computational algebra k friedl proc . 17th acm  
semi-discrete schemas for operator differential equations . tbilisi ja rogava  1995.0 
surfing the web backwards s chakrabarti da gibson ks mccurley www8 / computer networks 1999.0 
understanding bayesian reasoning via graphical displays wg cole proceedings of acm conf . on human factors in computing  
e cient and effective clusteringmethodforspatialdatamining r ng j han proc . 1994 int . conf . very large data bases pages144 { 155  
on the representation and querying of sets of possible worlds s abiteboul p kanellakis g grahne proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 1987.0 
insertion scheme for the crystal of the classical lie algebras ja kim du shin submitted for  
meeting the needs of diverse learners in the social studies classroom through collaborative methods e negron lp ricklin social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
negotiation-the art of the possible b batros computerworld  
link spam detection based on mass estimation z gyongyi p berkhin h garcia-molina j pedersen   
data mining in the bioinformatics domain s tsur proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
adaptive locking strategies in a multi-node data sharing environment am joshi vldb 1991.0 
maintaining a large spatial index with t2sm c jermaine e omiecinski wg yee proceedings of acm-gis  
query processing resource management and approximation in a data stream management system a arasu b babcock s babu m datar j rosenstein procs . of 1st cidr  
aufklã $ rung vor schutzimpfungenâ ?? empfehlungen fã 1/4 r die praxis a nassauer g maass inffo i/98  
action representation prediction and concepts m rosenstein pr cohen md schmill ms atkin   
critical analysis of 1î ± 25-dihydroxyvitamin d 3 response elements c carlberg proceedings of the 10th international vitamin d workshop  
modular manufacturing systems for laser welding cutting and heat treatment j held a gillner & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
internet congestion control for future high bandwidth-delay product environments d katabi m handley c rohrs proceedings of acm sigcomm 2002.0 
ultrasonographic guidance of transvenous pacemaker insertion in the emergency department : a report w macedo k sturmann jm kim j kang journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
nieto-santisteban ma thakar ar heber g. & rots ah 2004 â ?? there goes the neighborhood : j gray as szalay g fekete woâ ?? mullane microsoft technical report  
student services and the politics of survival . dc tilley new directions for higher education 1973.0 
an agoraphobia scale for assessing the clinical significance of treatment outcome ta dykstra wc follette unpublished manuscript  
reaction of hydroperoxides with metallotetraphenylporphyrins in aqueous solution ej thomas acc . chem . res  
art exhibition : impossible geographies 01 p gemeinboeck ma krell proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives a szalay j gray p kunszt a thakar sigmod conference  
the marine plant industry-commercially important species and resource management jd pringle the proceedings of the bras d &#39; or lakes aquaculture & hellip ;  
present experiences in a series of 26 abo-incompatible living donor renal allografts gpj alexandre jp squifflet m de bruyere d transplant proc 1987.0 
fast cross-validation for high-breakdown resampling algorithms for pca m hubert s engelen  2004.0 
cultural accommodation : hybridity and the framing of social obligation d oyserman i sakamoto a lauffer journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
from self-conceptions to self-worth : on the sources and structure of global self-esteem bw pelham wb swann journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
efficient relational storage and retrieval of xml documents a schmidt ml kersten m windhouwer f waas webdb ( informal proceedings ) 2000.0 
motion estimation using rate distortion theory for very low bit rate image sequence coding '' d tzovaras mg strintzis proc . int &#39; l conf .  
culture conflicts in software engineering technology transfer mv zelkowitz dr wallace dw binkley   
dessis 4.0 manual r escoffier u krumbein e lyumkis b polsky a ise integrated systems engineering ag zurich switzerland  
hinterberger h. sevcik . kc : â ?? ibe grid file : an adapable symmetric multikey file structureâ ?? j nievergelt acm transactions cm database  
a compressmn techtuque for large stattsttcal databases ' s eggers f olken a shosham proc  
icon editor : the specification of graphic behavior without coding m rosenstein l weitzman proceedings of the 23rd annual hawaii international & hellip ;  
positive scalar curvature metricsâ ?? existence and classification s stolz proc . intern . congress math. zurich switzerland  
for the pierre auger collaboration r clayâ ? ¦ proc . 28th icrc ( tsukuba japan 2003 )  
equation of state and structural changes in diaminodinitroethylene from experimental studies and ab m suhithi p chak m maijaâ ? ¦ san diego california  
new proposal for a common command language in information systems y vander auwera l bernard acm sigmod record 1982.0 
the cause and nature ofradioactivityi ii ' e rutherford f soddy phil . mag  
data conversion from object-oriented to relational database and its verification by use of r pang   
performance of tcp/ip over next generation broadband wireless access networks i stojanovic m airy d gesbert h saran   
regulation of interaction of the acetyltransferase region of p300 and the dna-binding domain of sp1 t suzuki a kimura r nagai m horikoshi genes to cells 2000.0 
metabolism of cyclosporine g maurer transplant  
