the photosynthetic reaction center jr norris j deisenhofer san diego : academic  
f. diene aw ndiaye y. hachage linã © aire scalable et distribuã © lh * lh sous windows nt f bennour res . rep. ceria u. paris  
consequences of migration and remittances for mexican transnational communities . d conway jh cohen economic geography 1998.0 
learning with kernels [ ph. d. thesis ] aj smola technical university of berlin  
caldwell p consultants b pc & hellip ; for comparison of supplemental technology demonstration & hellip ;  
tools for statistical inference ma tanner  1993.0 
students in learning groups : active learning through conversation c bouton ry garth learning in groups new directions for teaching and  
drafter : an interactive support tool for writing multilingual instructions c paris k vander linden   
efficient numerical error bounding for replicated network services hy aminvahdat technical report cs-2000-08 computer science department duke  
unsupervised image segmentation by stochastic reconstruction v metzler r vandenhouten j krone r grebe   
affinity relation discovery in image database clustering and content-based retrieval ml shyu sc chen m chen c zhang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
capitalistic mathematics vp maslov manuscript  
traces of the spirit : the religious dimensions of popular music r sylvan  1998.0 
testability 1985 technology forecast b milne electronic design  
unity and diversity : holiday celebrations around the world . a lockledge social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
falcon : feedback adaptive loop for content-based retrieval t authors c identified   
discrete subgroups of semisimple lie groups ga margulis  1991.0 
law theory and geography n blomley g clark urban geography  
phylip : phylogenetic information package j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
a new solid subdivision scheme based on box splines ys chang kt mcdonnell h qin proceedings seventh acm symposium on solid modeling and & hellip ; 2002.0 
the evolutionof lisp gl steele jr rp gabriel history of programming languagesâ ?? ii  
tolerance graphs and orders s felsner lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
effects of an intervention programme for improved discharge-planning c haeggmark b nilsson vard i norden 1997.0 
viral radio a lippman dp reed bt technology journal 2004.0 
querying multiple features of groups in relational databases d chatziantoniou ka ross proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
additive logisitic regression : a statistical perspective on boosting jh friedman t hastie r tibshirani  1998.0 
use of the weiss-weinstein bound to compare the direction-finding performance of sparse arrays df delong  1993.0 
autosegmental phonology ja goldsmith   
corcus sativus nigella sativa km nadakarni  1976.0 
anderson pw and palmer rg 1977 dj thouless phil .  
arvind . id nouveau . csg memo 265 rs nikhil k pingali  1986.0 
ands . clark.â ?? collaborativewritingasaprocessofformalizinggroup memory â ?? m mandviwalla k sandoe proc . 28th annual hawaii int . conf . on system sciences  
biohydrometallurgy pr norris dp kelly proc int symp warwick  
quantum groups proc vg drinfeld proc . int . congr . math. berkeley  
calculating upward and downward simulations of state-based specifications j derrick e boiten information and software technology 1999.0 
a language based multidatabase system e kã 1/4 hn t tschernko k schwarz proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
studies on primary hyperoxaluria ew frederick mt rabkin rh richie lh smith vivo demonstration of a defect in glyoxylate metabolism . n & hellip ;  
rigorous evaluation of cots middleware technology i gorton a liu p brebner   
a sign-based phrase structure grammar for turkish . master 's thesis o sehitoglu middle east technical university  
fuzzy logic in diagnosis : possibilistic networks '' invited chapter in fuzzy logic ( j. baldwin ) john m ulieru   
increasing success in school through priming : aa training manual ld wilde lk koegel rl koegel  1992.0 
codifying guarded definitions with recursive schemes e gimenez lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
sexual selection and taxonomic diversity in passerine birds tg barraclough ph harvey s nee proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
agile software development : addison-wesley pub co a cockburn   
discrete fairing l kobbelt proceedings of the seventh ima conference on the mathematics & hellip ; 1997.0 
methodology of social sciences pa gemtos  1987.0 
using ultrasound to determine external pacer capture-an echocardiographic evaluation d ettin t cook journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
the impact of herbivory by olympic marmots on the structure of subalpine meadow vegetation : ms af watson university of washington seattle  
efficient peer-to-peer keyword searching . february 2002 p reynolds a vahdat unpublished  
analyzing blood cell image to distinguish its abnormalities ( poster session ) ks kim pk kim jj song yc park proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using hactals i kamel c faloutsos proceedings of the 20th vldb conference  
ipsofacto : a visual correlation tool for aggregate network traffic data f korn s muthukrishnan y zhu sigmod conference 2003.0 
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals i kamel c faloutsos   
lh * : linear hashing for distributed les w litwin ma neimat d schneider & hellip ; sigmod international conference on management of data may  
influence of genetic polymorphism on the cadmium induction of cytochrome p450 2a6 s satarug k kiyotani m fujieda h yamazaki p   
differential vector quantization of achromatic imagery rl baker rm gray proc . int . picture coding symp  
biotech no iogydb io en g in ee ri ng ae humphrey hr bungay fjs schultz rp canale af md 1972.0 
quantum complexity of numerical problems s heinrich submitted for  
output feedback variable structure controllers and state estimators for uncertain/nonlinear dynamic sh zak   
differential analysis on manifolds with corners rb melrose   
equi-depth histogramsforestimatingselectivityfactorsfor multidimensional queries m muralikrishna dj dewitt proc . acm  
radiation hormesis td luckey  1991.0 
support systems and community mental health g caplan new york  
co-operating mobile agents for distributed parallel processing rg hercock jc collis dt ndumu agents . washington . seattle  
mission to planet earth/earth observing system reference handbook nasa goddard space flight center g asrar r greenstone md  
a model and a method for logical data base design a flory j kouloumdjian vldb  
mmdb reloading algorithms l gruenwald mh eich proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . management of data  
transmission of blood-bourne pathogens during sports : risk and prevention . e mast r goodman w bond journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
real-time numerical peak detector . f blais m rioux signal proc. 1986.0 
perception imagery and science rn shepard  1999.0 
pathfinder : a pattern-based packet classier ml bailey b gopal ma pagels ll peterson p proc .  
progression of coronary artery calcification : a pilot study je maher lf bielak ja raz pf sheedy rs mayo clinic proceedings 1999.0 
investigation of the three-dimensional neutron field in the igr core ap vasilâ ?? ev nv gorin yz kandievâ ? ¦ at .  
specifying and enforcing intertask dependencies pcamp singh a sheth m rusinkiewicz proc . of the 19th vldb dublin ireland  
school of library & information science n kwon  1987.0 
meme tags and community mirrors : moving from conferences to collaboration r borovoy f martin s vemuri m resnick c   
training in east germany : an evaluation of the effects on employment and earnings b fitzenberger h prey unpublished manuscript  
amoebic liver abscess op kapoor   
palomar adaptive optics project : status and performance proc . spie   
scope grope a laplante computerworld  
on the destructive mechanical effects of the gas bubbles liberated by the passage of intense sound fd smith phil . mag  
wright . pg infared photometric measurement of the saturation temperature and supersaturation q guangfeng proc . int . soc . sugar cane technol. 21st congress . march  
investigation of interfacial segregation in steels using multivariate analysis of edx spectra jm titchmarsh s dumbill ia vatter proc 29th annual conf . mas  
data reliability ( error detection codes for digital transmission ) sg powers & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
illumination and color in computer generated imagery r hall  1988.0 
billboard clouds for extreme model simplification x dã © coret f durand fx sillion j dorsey acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 2003.0 
numerical modelling of 1d arterial networks coupled with a lumped parameter description of the heart l formaggia d lamponi m tuveri a veneziani   
database management for life sciences research hv jagadish f olken sigmod record 2004.0 
the virtual microscope university of maryland at college park college park r ferreira b moon j humphries a sussman j md  
ins and outs of choosing a consultant . s rich computerworld. 1982.0 
koniag prehistory dw clark  1968.0 
imaging of turbulent mixing by laser induced fluorescence and its application to velocity and s deusch  1998.0 
protecting the self from the negative consequences of risky decisions ra josephs rp larrick cm steele re nisbett journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
j. and muntz rr 1997 . sting : a statistical information grid approach to spatial data mining wy wang proc . int . conf . very large databases  
stabcol : graph isomorphism testing using the wl-algorithm l babel s baumann m ludecke g tinhofer technical university of munich  
identification of the immunodominant hla-a * 02.01 restricted ctl responses in hiv infection : strong c brander ke hartman ak trocha nd jones s he  1996.0 
the design and evaluation of web based multimedia learning resources t boyle l payne procs . of the seventh annual conference on the teaching of & hellip ;  
space-filling curves h sagan  1994.0 
zwischenbericht zum forschungsbericht â ?? kã ¶ rpererleben in tonrã $ umenâ ?? p wiedemann r beckner b fliegener f janofske berlin technical university  
media gallery tvâ ?? view and shop your photos on interactive digital television s thieme a scherp m albrecht s boll proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
gamma-a high performance backend database machine d dewi dewittâ ? ¦ proc . 12th vldb co @ . kyoto japan aug  
place and society in jane austenâ ?? s england d herbert geography  
building a laboratory information system around a c++ - based object-oriented dbms n goodman s rozen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
planning in the urban university . rw roskens h garfinkel new directions for higher education 1977.0 
andr . das . interprocedural partial redundancy elimination and its application to distributed g agrawal j saltz proc . acm  
a syntactic approach to shape recognition hh chen js su proc . int . comput . symp  
a visual language and environment for composing web services n liu j grundy j hosking proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
surface and groundwater monitoring at times beach confined disposal facility buffalo new york rp leonard water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
insult aggression and the southern culture of honor : an â ?? experimental ethnography.â ?? d cohen re nisbett bf bowdle n schwarz journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
automatic synthesis of specifications from the dynamic observation of reactive programs b boigelot p godefroid lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
quilt : a collaborative tool for cooperative writing m cohen r fish r kraut m leland proc . acm sigois conference  
integrated multimedia publishing : combining tv and newspaper content on personal channels c soedergaard m aaltonen s hagman m hiirsalmi www8 / computer networks 1999.0 
a portable parallel programming environment based around pcte sa hellberg e zaluska information and software technology 1994.0 
andrew john herbertson 1865â ?? 1915 . an appreciation of his life and work ew gilbert geography  
a generic approach to supporting diagram differencing and merging for collaborative design a mehra j grundy j hosking proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
outerjoin simplification and reordering for query optimization 1993 ca galindo-legaria a rosenthal submitted for  
biased procurement l rezende to  
female zebra finches choose extra-pair copulations with genetically attractive males am houtman proceedings : biological sciences 1992.0 
type i procollagen c-proteinase from mouse fibroblasts e kessler   
graphical user interfaces for the management of scientific experiments and data y ioannidis m livny e haber acm-sigmod record 1992.0 
relational database operators r fagin n forms proc . acm sigmod conf . management of data  
a real-time object model rto . k and an experimental investigation of its potentials kh kim h kopetz   
reworking welfare : technical assistance for states and localities a brown manpower demonstration research corporation march new york  
simplified recursive identifier for arma processes m farsi kz karam k warwick electronic letters  
a systematic framework for prioritizing farmland preservation . ea machado dm stoms fw davis   
cooperative transaction hierarchy : a transaction model to support design applications m nodine s zdonik proc . of vldb  
relative loss bounds for multidimensional regression problems j kivinen mk warmuth machine learning 2001.0 
gramatiky a jazyky m ceska z rabova technical university of brno  
bigsur : a system for the management of earth science data p brown m stonebraker & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ; 1995.0 
a rural community hospital 's experience with family-witnessed resuscitation ma belanger s reed journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
the evolution of drainage density on the wheeler ridge an active fault-bend-fold anticline southern w dinklage paper university of california santa barbara  
lh * - a scalable distributed data store w litwin ma neimat da schneider acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
fast computation of sparse datacubes [ c ] ka ross d strivastava proc of the 23a vldb conf athens green  
incremental maintenance of recursive views using relational calculus/sql j su sigmod record 2000.0 
colouring graphs with prescribed induced cycle lengths b randerath   
radar meteorology training at the us national weather service training center dl covey & hellip ; on radar meteorology zurich switzerland amer . meteor . soc  
relative information : theories and applications g jumarie  1990.0 
identification and optimization of sharing patterns for scalable shared-memory multiprocessors s kaxiras  1998.0 
a necessary condition for a doubly recursive rule to be equivalent to a linear recursive rule w zhang ct yu   
atmospheric infrared sounder ( airs ) on the earth observing system hh aumann c miller proceedings of spie 1995.0 
fuzzy sets fuzzy logic applications 1995 world scientific publishing co g bojadziev   
the mechanics of ship collisions z shengming denmark technical university of denmark  
integrated service modelling for online one-stop government ma wimmer electronic markets 2002.0 
the semantic data model : a modelling mechanism for data base applications m hammer d mcleod   
phylogenetic inference using evolutionary multi-objective optimisation l poladian ls jermiin & hellip ; and evolutionary computation conference seattle washington 2004.0 
a formal framework for evaluating multiattribute software specifications university of maryland at sr cardenas-garcia md  
evolutionary techniques for updating query cost models in a dynamic multidatabase environment a rahal q zhu pã ? larson the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
microsatellite variation demonstrates multiple paternity in lekking cichlid fishes from lake malawi ka kellogg ja markert jr stauffer td kocher proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
recent ethnic german migration from eastern europe to the federal republic of germany and the former pn jones geography  
optical interconnections for vlsi systems jw goodman fj leonberger sy kung ra athale ieee proceedings 1984.0 
a modified lagrangeâ ?? s interpolation for image reconstruction s suthaharan & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems  
what 's in the middle ? sp benns baf crawford m touman bt technology journal 1999.0 
in depth : is re-engineering still relevant ? : no d coleman computerworld  
nestream : querying nested streams d chatziantoniou a anagnostopoulos sigmod record 2004.0 
toward a quantitative theory of the origin of life s rasmussen artificial life  
85 nathan goodman dennis shasha semantically-based concurrancy control for search structures s goodman proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on  
microwave optics s cornbleet appendix i  
dis today rc hofer ml loper proceedings-ieee 1995.0 
tools for planning better programs . t sork new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
the case for a universal valid reliable 5-tier triage acuity scale for us emergency departments pg zimmermann journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 
kompensationsflug bei der ordnung ephemeroptera bk russev see ref  
coherence semantics for non-commutative linear logic and ambiguity in natural language vm abrusci technical report universitã di roma tre 1997 . talk at the  
primitive rebels ej hobsbawm   
ethnographic evaluation of aids prevention programs : better data for better programs jj schensul sl schensul new directions for program evaluation 1990.0 
corporate governance and the hedging premium around the world g allayannis u lel dp miller  2003.0 
learning probabilistic relational models l getoorâ ? ¦ lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
numerical heat transfer and fluid flow sv patankar  1980.0 
space-for-time substitution as an alternative to long-term studies sta pickett long-term studies in ecology : approaches and alternatives 1989.0 
consistency concurrency and crash recovery ye lien pj weinberger proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference  
dev . p : multimedia clinical simulation based on patient records : authoring user interface rm felciano & hellip ; . technical report stanford university school of medicine  
a multidatabase transaction model for interbase ak elmagarmid y leu w litwin vldb 1990.0 
the language x : computation and sequent calculus in classical logic s van bakel s lengrand p lescanne  2004.0 
a fuzzy logic based language to model autonomous mobile robots af gomez-skarmeta h martinez-barbera m sanchez procs . of the eighth ieee intl. conf . on fuzzy systems . & hellip ;  
increased long-term survival in variceal hemorrhage using injection sclerotherapy brd mcdougall a theodossi d westaby jl dawson lancet i  
self-organising fuzzy logic control and application to muscle relaxant anaesthesia da linkens   
lax type flows on grassmann manifolds ak prykarpatsky ja zagrodzinski d blackmore proc . 29th sympos . on math . phys. dec  
in vivo and in vitro assessment of chloroquine-resistant plasmodium falciparum malaria in zanzibar ik schwartz d payne cc campbell oj khatib lancet i 1983.0 
an improved r-tree using fractals i kamel proc 20th international conference on very large databases & hellip ;  
pad + + : advances in multiscale interfaces bb bederson l stead jd hollan proceedings of acm sigchi conference 1994.0 
perfect connected-dominant graphs ie zverovich discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2003.0 
de-witt . a case for fractured mirrors qsr ramamurthy j david proc . vldb hong kong  
verwendung geodã $ tischer abbildungen bei der geocodierung von satellitenbildern kc graf  1988.0 
ins/twine : a scalable peer-to-peer architecture for intentional resource discovery m balazinska h balakrishnan d karger lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
improving tcp performance over mobile ad-hoc networks with out-of-order detection and response f wang y zhang   
efficient algorithms for detection and resolution of distributed deadlocks s chen y deng w sun n rishe 7th ieee symposium on parallel and distributeed  
new urbanism and the culture of criticism e talen urban geography 2000.0 
lh * rs : a high-availability scalable distributed data structure using reed solomon codes w litwin t schwarz acm sigmod record 2000.0 
a domain-theoretic approach to integrating logic and functional database languages a poulovassilis c small proc 19th vldb dublin august  
applications of probabilistic-deterministic modelling to problems of mass transfer in groundwater fw schwarz procs int symp.â ?? theoretical and applied hydrologyâ ?? fort & hellip ;  
numerical simulation of a thermoacoustic refrigerator a worlikar om knio f sicherheitstechnik esaim : proceedings 1996.0 
stability and stabilizability of discrete event dynamic systems cm ã?zveren as willsky pj antsaklis journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1991.0 
semistructued data p buneman proc . of acm podsâ ?? 97  
strategies for the study of family therapy research wm pinsof see wynne  
security and inference in multilevel database and knowledge based systems m morganstern proc of acm sigmod  
a locking protocol for resource coordination in distributed systems da menasce gj popek rr muntz tods june  
the retinotopic organization of the visual cortex in the cat rj tusa la palmer ac rosenquist see . neurosc  
the heterogeneous multiscale methods for a class of stiff odes b engquist r tsai   
managerial behavior and the bias in analystsâ ?? earnings forecasts l brown unpublished manuscript 1998.0 
sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles of database systems sigmod acm pods acm sigmod conference on the management of  
more children 's literature to promote citizenship in the upper and middle grades . al sandmann jf ahern social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
the relational view : cooperative strategy and sources of interorganizational competitive advantage jh dyer h singh the academy of management review 1998.0 
integrating a structured-text retrievalsystemwithanobject-oriented databasesystem tw yan j annevelink proc 20th int conf on very large databases santiago chile  
an implementation of backtracking for programming languages c prenner b wegbreit   
a parallel processing strategy for evaluating recursive queries l raschid syw su vldb 1986.0 
linear discrete volterra equations | discrete paley-wiener theorem and its generalization y song submitted for  
developmental processes of cooperative interorganizational relationships ps ring ah van de ven the academy of management review 1994.0 
asusatl : the development of a low-cost satellite a friedman s ferring c lenz h reed b underbill proceedings of the 16 lh space symposiuman d amsat-na annual  
crash analyses and design of a belt integrated seat for occupant safety ys park gj park proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
conversing across cultures : east-west communication styles in work and nonwork contexts j sanchez-burks f lee i choi r nisbett s zhao journal of personality and social psychology 2003.0 
a semi-triangle-inequality for distances between shapes r fagin l stockmeyer ibm research division almaden research center san jose & hellip ;  
nonverbal information recognition and its application to communications r nakatsu proceedings of the sixth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
effects of design and operating parameters on the static and dynamic performance of an j lee j yoo d kim k park sh park proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2003.0 
controls on international securities transactions j riddle  1992.0 
a problem-oriented inferential database system el lozinskii acm transactions on database systems 1986.0 
the aggregate update problem in functional programming languges p hudak a bloss proc . 12th acm popl  
a complete regulatory loop between the immune and neuroendocrine systems je blalock em smith fed proc 1985.0 
an architecture for a relational dataflow database machine l bit m herendeen joint proc . sigmod symp . small syst . workshop small database & hellip ;  
an approach to object sharing in distributed datbase systems p lyngbaek d mcleod vldb 1983.0 
the technology of error-correcting codes er berlekamp ieee proceedings 1980.0 
induced epizootics : protozoa wm brooks see ref  
real-time skin rendering on graphics hardware pv sander d gosselin jl mitchell proceedings of acm siggraph 2004.0 
hash-based ip tracback ac snoeren c partridge la sanchez ce jones f proceedings of acm sigcomm 2001  
restoring the nationâ ?? s marine environment . maryland sea grant college program college park gw thayer md  
critical thinking and design : evolution of a freshman engineering graphics course la sanchez tk hight j gainen new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
a rigorous approach to formal methods cb jones ieee computer  
graphdb : a data model and query language for graphs in databases rh gã 1/4 ting   
ontology-driven geographic information systems ft fonseca mj egenhofer   
4th icamâ ?? iumrs conf . ( beijing 1999 ) physica c mr koblischka m muralidhar m murakami  2000.0 
received and perceived social support in times of stress : a test of the social support deterioration fh norris k kaniasty journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
extending the scope of database services d bsrbsr sigmod record 1993.0 
the administrator 's role in providing educational excellence . tj hegarty new directions for higher education 1983.0 
maintenance of mobile system ambients using a process calculus t ando k takahashi y kato n shiratori computer networks 2000.0 
fractals in science a bunde s havlin  1995.0 
causal ambiguity barriers to imitation and sustainable competitive advantage r reed rj defillippi the academy of management review 1990.0 
completeness of many-sorted equational logic ja goguen j meseguer acm sigplan  
multidimensional paging for efficient data base querying th mzrrett proc . int . conf . data base management systems ( icmod 78 ) & hellip ;  
re-engineering repercussionsâ ?? â ?? j king computerworld  
fractals and disordered systems a bunde s havlin  1996.0 
intra-query parallelism for multidimensional array data k hahn b reiner   
applications of fuzzy algorithms for simple dynamic plant eh mamdani  1974.0 
spirit : a resource database for mobile users n adly p steggles a harter proceedings of acm chiâ ?? 97 workshop on ubiquitous computing & hellip ; 1997.0 
robust control design for discrete time linear uncertain systems with delayed control e gyurkovics   
speech denoising and dereverberation using probabilistic models : mathematical details h attias jc platt a acero l deng technical report msr-tr-2001-02 microsoft research 2001 . http :  
selectivity estimation in extensible databases-a neural network approach s lakshmi s zhou proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
polarization spectroscopy in oh and flame temperature measurements ( abstract only ) r meier k nyholm m kaivola cg aminoff oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
differential phase shift ar jameson & hellip ; on radar meteorology zurich switzerland amer . meteor . soc  
direct observation of amorphous and crystalline regions in polymers by defocus imaging j petermann h gleiter phil . mag  
enhanced preservation of organic matter in sediments deposited within the oxygen minimum zone in the ch van der weijden gj reichart hj visser deep-sea research i 1999.0 
cogeneration of heat and electricity h fragopoulos e karidoyiannis g karalis athens greece : greek productivity center  
pitch determination of speech signals : a fuzzy fusion approach a saffiotti a soquet   
the modes of action of spinosad and other insect control products vl salgado down to earth  
reexamining the economies of scale and the viability of small colleges . n dickmeyer new directions for higher education 1982.0 
family intervention for schizophrenia fm pharoah jj mari d streiner cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
phylogenetic inference program ( phylip ) manual ver . 3.5 j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
using children 's diaries to teach the oregon trial . middle level learning . rm wymanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
knowledge based information integration systems nw paton ca goble s bechhofer information & software technology 2000.0 
apj hg arce aa goodman  2001.0 
o : a functional execution model for object query languages g gardarin f machuca p pucheral proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference  
interdisciplinary research : the ncur-lancy awards df lancy new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
cache-conscious frequent pattern mining on a modern processor a ghoting g buehrer s parthasarathy d kim a proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
development and learning : themes and conclusions rs caffarella mc clark new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
from protest to participation ? environmental groups and the management of marine fisheries hk hernes kh mikalsen   
academic press j cavanagh wj fairbrother ag palmer nj skelton inc. san diego  
fusarium-suppressive soils ta toussoun see ref  
the role of family physcians in increasing annual fecal occult blood test screening coverage : a s vinker s nakar e rosenberg e kitai   
spring enhancement in the seco creek water quality demonstration project pn wright annual project rep. . seco creek water quality demonstration & hellip ;  
stressful life events personality and health : an inquiry into hardiness sc kobasa  1979.0 
integral gps-galileo ambiguity resolution c tiberius t pany b eissfeller k de jong p enc-gnss 2002 proceedings 2002.0 
data-drivien understanding and refinement of schema mappings l yan rj miller l haas r fagin submitted for publication  
private correspondence : the performance properties of modern disk drives j palmer ibm almaden research center  
application of benzimidazole fungicides for citrus decay control ge brown proc . int . soc . citric  
ptool : a scalable persistent object manager rl grossman x qin proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
theoretical and practical tools for data base design jl hainaut vldb 1981.0 
the semantics-pragmatics of grammaticalization revisited ec traugott e kã ¶ nig approaches to grammaticalization  
application of sparse matrix techniques to search retrieval classification and relationship r ashany vldb 1978.0 
a mobile computer interface for heterogeneous databases r alonso em haber hf korth research issues in data engineering 1993 : interoperability & hellip ; 1993.0 
thermodynamic theory of non-ideal detonation and failure wb brown   
segmentation of an image sequence using multi-dimensional image attributes e chalom   
polymorphism is set theoretic constructively am pitts lecture notes in computer science 1987.0 
physics of climate 520 pp. am . inst . of phys. college park jp peixoto ah oort md  
rule management and evaluation : an active dbms perspective s chakravarthy sigmod record 1989.0 
threshold ring signatures and applications to ad-hoc groups e bresson j stern m szydlo lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
attacking the asokanâ ?? ginzboorg protocol for key distribution in an ad-hoc bluetooth network using g steel a bundy m maidl   
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals ikc faloutsos proceedings international conference on very large data & hellip ; 1994.0 
life in the fast lane md stone pc magazine 1993.0 
subdirectly irreducible modes ka kearnes   
structural factors affecting the location and timing of urban underclass growth j kasarda urban geography  
university of maryland code 923 greenbelt j morisette n gsfc   
on the memory requirements of xpath evaluation over xml streams z bar-yossef m fontoura v josifovski   
on the turanâ ?? kubilius inequality cm stein technical report no. 220 stanford university  
scheduling to minimize average stretch without migration l becchetti   
note on the biweight enumerators of self-dual codes over zk st dougherty m harada m oura   
the role of the consortium director tr horgan new directions for higher education 1999.0 
handbook of variety testing : growth chamber greenhouse testing procedures variety identification rc payne  1993.0 
structural conditions for perturbation analysis derivative estimation i : finite time performance p glasserman submitted to publication  
b 5500 manual university of washington g kildall & equil apl preliminary computer center seattle  
report on the acm fourth international workshop on data warehousing and olap ( dolap 2001 ) j hammer sigmod record 2002.0 
the tectonic and volcanic contributions to abyssal hill topography : a study on the east pacific rise rt alexander university of california santa barbara  
a neural network for size-invariant feature extraction t nagano m ishikawa proc . int . neural network conf  
a case for fractured mirrors r ramamurthy dj dewitt q su the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
the pareto envelope-based selection algorithm for multi-objective optimisation dw corne jd knowles mj oates lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
processing geometric representations on simd computers ( parallel processing mesh-connected computer y hung md  
refinement calculus : a systematic introduction rj back  1998.0 
groundwater pumping as a factor of enhancement of aquifer replenishment by flood events i shentsis  2001.0 
data presented at the glancing incidence optics fabrication workshop hosted by the optics branch of j osantowski md  
home range habitat use and mortality of black bears in north-central florida jb wooding ts hardisky international conference on bear research and management  
inhaled beclomethasone at different doses for long-term asthma n adams j bestall p jones cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
banc one checks out web : check fraud account errors targeted with verification service m wagner computerworld  
43 ; larhed m. ; moberg c. ; hallberg a rs varma g chem acc . chem . res  
modellierung dynamischer aspekte mit dem objekt-prozess-modell r burkhardt technical university ilmenau germany  
database description with sdm : a semantic data model m hammer d mcleod acm transactions on database systems  
model-based support for business re-engineering [ j ] s jurabek tw ling information and software technology  
the heritability of fluctuating asymmetry and the genetic control of developmental stability m whitlock proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
the hmong culture : kinship marriage & family systems t moua  2003.0 
a family therapy approach to the treatment of drug abuse and addiction r hirsch j imhof unpublished  
reconstruction procedure for identifying cracks m ikehata g nakamura submitted for  
emotions and contentious politics r aminzade d mcadam mobilization-san diego - 2002.0 
vi-4 countermobility tasks vi-9 gce vi-3 explosive ordnance disposal ace engineer   
extending the transaction model to capture more meaning m rusinkiewicz ak elmagarmid y leu sigmod record 1990.0 
phylogenetic consequences of cytoplasmic gene flow in plants lh rieseberg  1991.0 
silicon carbide mems for harsh environments m mehregany ca zorman n rajah ch wu proceedings-ieee 1998.0 
sting : a statistical information grid approach to spatial data mining . in : proc . 23rd int . conf . on w wang  1997.0 
efficient peer-to-peer keyword searching p reynolds a vahdat lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
neofields lj paige  1947.0 
operationalizing the thematic strands of social studies for young learners dm krey social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
a spray model for an adaptive mesh refinement code sd bauman  2001.0 
on using the ad-hoc network model in wireless packet data networks hy hsieh r sivakumar proceedings of acm mobihoc  
exterior differential systems rl bryantâ ? ¦  1991.0 
migration of college and university students in the united states . cs gossman  1967.0 
synthestzmg 3nf rela-uons from funcuonal dependem ~ es pa be bemstem acm tods dec  
packet classification using multidimensional cutting f baboescu g varghese proc . acm sigcomm  
cooperative transaction hierarchies : transaction support for design applications mh nodine sb zdonik the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
processes and kinetics of defluoridation of drinking water using bone char h bregnhð $ j lyngby : technical university of denmark  
a study of index structures for main memory database management systems tj lehman mj carey vldb 1986.0 
neural networks in software cost estimation j hakkarainen p laamanen r rask proc 26th hawaii int . conf . on system sciences wailea hi  
blueprint for school retention in the middle grades k sherwood  1987.0 
plasma power source based on a catalytic reaction of atomic hydrogen rl mills p ray b dhandapani j dong s hicks m   
phylip ( phylogeny inference package ) university of washington j felsenstein seattle washington  
sediment acoustics rd stollâ ? ¦  1989.0 
multiple diversity with nonindependent fading jn pierce s stein proc . ire  
grading cooperative projects ka smith new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
national marine fisheries service de stevenson alaska fisheries science center seattle  
long-term immunoprophylaxis of hepatitis b virus reinfection in recipients of human liver allografts w lauchart r muller r pichlmayr transplant proc 1987.0 
mytheme s lundgren j falk s bjã ¶ rk j holopainen kp demonstration at level upâ ?? 1st international digital games & hellip ;  
feto-maternal concentrations of levobupivacaine and bupivacaine following epidural infusion for g mcleod l donaldson p convery d bogod r & hellip ; world congress anaesthesiologists montreal canada june  
an experimental evaluation of crash recovery machanisms j kent h garcia-molina j chung proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
using middle - c ware ot work sigmod record 1995.0 
dmv disaster js bozman computerworld  
monitoring woodland gap dynamics using high resolution imagery : but when is a gap not a gap s koukoulas ga blackburn proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the remote & hellip ;  
dfa learning from simple examples . r parekh v honavar machine learning  
altinel 2 asuman dogac software research and development center middle east technical university b ozen   
on a new family of titanium oxides and the nature of slightly-reduced rutile la bursill bg hyde o terasaki d watanabe phil . mag  
a survey of research and development in distributed database management jb rothnie n goodman vldb 1977.0 
history of programming languages rl wexelblat  1981.0 
an overview on user modeling methods e benaki e karkaletsis cd spyropoulos  1997.0 
toward an analysis of the role of gay communities in the urban renaissance m lauria l knopp urban geography  
mood and the use of scripts : does a happy mood really lead to mindlessness ? h bless gl clore n schwarz v golisano c rabe journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
tanet : taiwan academic network ss tseng ls su eh chao   
fast computation of sparse datacubes a kenneth d srivastava   
business interruption insurance w meier  1998.0 
performance analysis of a relational data base management system p hawthorn m stonebraker proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
ecologãa de cebus apella ad brown oj colillas see ref  
heraclitus : elevating deltas to be first-class citizens in a database programming language c damerell d giddings b kisielewski g lutz g acm transactions on database systems 1996.0 
extended logging for database snapshot refresh b kã $ hler o risnes proc . of the 13th internat . vldb conference brighton  
the better operating system ? wl rosch pc magazine  
visitor impact on grizzly bear activity in pelican valley yellowstone national park ka gunther international conference on bear research and management  
toying with ideas : board games and social studies me galvez-martin social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
design of robotic discrete minimum energy regulator y bestaoui & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1991.0 
ce leiserson and rl rivest th cormen stein introduction to  
braiding terraces in the val dâ ?? herens switzerland rj small geography  
databaseprogramminginmachiavelliâ ?? apolymorphiclanguagewithstatictypeinference a ohori p buneman v breazu-tannen acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of data pages46â ?? 57  
â ?? extending the scope of database services d barbara acm sigmod record 1993.0 
umform techniques for loop optimization in proceedings of the acm international conference on w pugh  1991.0 
dell blade : maximum power minimum space j delaney pc magazine  
alternative fuels : a life cycle analysis mp gover g hitchcock dj martin gt wilkins proc . 26th int . symp . on automotiveâ ¹ echnology and & hellip ;  
fairness matters in principal-agent problems : a comparison between ultimatum games dictator games m gustafsson t gã $ rling s fujii unpublished manuscript  
women at work-experiences and identity in rural east germany b van hoven area 2001.0 
mercurial toxicity and the perturbation of the mitochondrial control system j southard p nitisewojo de green fed proc 1974.0 
information literacy and accreditation : a middle states association perspective . hl simmons new directions for higher education 1992.0 
experience in building a cooperative distributed organization : lessons for cooperative buildings g fitzpatrick s kaplan s parsowith lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
numerical solution of ordinary differential equations lf shampine   
social stigma : the affective consequences of attributional ambiguity j crocker k voelkl m testa b major journal of personality and social psychology  
investigation on protoplast regeneration from leaves of monoembryonic and polyembryonic citrus n tusa g ferrauto e calderaro proc int soc citriculture  
the limits of local initiatives : a reassessment of urban entrepreneurialism for urban development h leitner m garner urban geography 1993.0 
query graphs implementingtrees andfreely-reorderableouterjoins a rosenthal c galindo-legaria proc .  
the effect of national culture organizational complementarity and economic motivation on joint sh park gr ungson the academy of management journal 1997.0 
y. 1990 . randomized algorithms for optimizing large join queries y ioannidis cha kang proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
theoretically sound transformations for practical database design a rosenthal ds reiner proceedings of the sixth international conference on entity - & hellip ; 1987.0 
data parallel fortran j sanzâ ? ¦ technical report ibm almaden research center march  
determinants of thrombin specificity e di cera am cantwell annals-new york academy of sciences 2001.0 
numerical methods for random matrices a edelman po persson  2002.0 
basic fibroblast growth factor ( fgf-2 ) expression is increased in human renal fibrogenesis and may f strutz m zeisberg m dietrichâ ? ¦  1998.0 
fools for power annotation of visual content : lxicographical approach yc park proc . of acm  
exchange perturbation theories applied to electron-hydrogen atom scattering ca venanzi ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1978.0 
urban analysis and the computer : a strategic approach for urban policy analysis sj bernstein proc . acm urban syrup  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?analysis of low density codes and improved designs using irregular graphs ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in mg luby m mitzenmacher ma shokrollahi da proc . acm symp  
computer documentation for senior citizens s tilley   
surface simplification using quadric error bounds m garland p heckbert proc . of acm siggraph  
a history of the snobol programming languages re griswold history of programming languages 1978.0 
mood and the mundane : relations between daily life events and self-reported mood la clark d watson journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
discrete orthonormal sequences pw broome journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1965.0 
lof : identifying densitybased local outliers acm sigmod conference vol mm breunig hp kriegel rt ng j sander dallas tx may  
the decline of seasonal labour migration to the coffee forests of south-west ethiopia ap wood geography  
intravenous or enteral loop diuretics for preterm infants with ( or developing ) chronic lung disease lp brion ra primhak cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
the late quaternary environmental history of the windmill islands east antarctica-initial evidence h cremer d gore h kirkup a mc minn m melles d & hellip ; symposium proceedings . athens greece : university of athens  
multirelations - semantice and languages a klausner n goodman vldb 1985.0 
efficient minimization of new quadric metric for simplifying meshes with appearance attributes . ( h hoppe s marschner  2000.0 
monadic state : axiomatization and type safety . in the acm sigplan international conference on j launchbury a sabry acm press new  
authentic assessment : testing in reality md svinicki new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
natural and terrorist threats to drinking water supplies wd burrows ja valcik a seitzinger proceedings of the 23rd environmental symposium  
formal methods for communication services : meeting the industry expectations f dietrich jp hubaux computer networks 2002.0 
bo sciences a water quality model for massachusetts and cape cod bays : calibration of the bays i hydroqual technical report naic0103 massachusetts water resources  
dynamic lightpath protection in wdm mesh networks under wavelength-continuity and risk-disjoint s yuan jp jue computer networks 2005.0 
pronunciation ambiguity vs pronunciation variability in speech recognition m saraglar s khudanpur   
database research at arizona state university sd urban sw dietrich f golshani sigmod record 1996.0 
andr . king . intelligentdatabasecachingthroughthe use ofpage-answers and page-traces n kamel acm transactions on database systems  
the life history and ecology of the longfin smelt in lake washington rl dryfoos  1965.0 
the programming languages rec and convert hv mcintosh g cisneros acm sigplan notices 1990.0 
p. r. morris jh : flexible diff-ing in a collabortive writing system cm neuwirth k chandhok e sd procs . acm 1992 conference on computer supported cooperative & hellip ;  
a dbms prototype to surt extended nf2-relations : an integrated view on fiat tables and hierarchies p dadam k kuspert f anderson h blanken r erbe proc . of a cm/sigmod  
introduction to fourier optics 1mcgraw-hill jw goodman new york  
france : recession politics and migration policy . p ogden geography  
the influence of antenna illumination function characteristics on differential reflectivity ph herzegh re carbone conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
studieson loxothylacustexanus jg ragan ba matherne  1974.0 
random data perturbation of non-normal data r sarathy k muralidhar   
combining process modelling methods g abeysinghe k phalp information and software technology 1997.0 
hydrogels for biomedical applications as hoffman annals-new york academy of sciences 2001.0 
tennessee and wisconsin were early data mandating states p arizona   
iscsi performance and architecture and comparison to other protocols j menon c fuentes ibm corporation almaden research center report ( february 21  
a behavioral model of consumer spatial decision making m cadwallader economic geography 1975.0 
callow . m and speed t. ( 2000 ) . statistical methods for identifying differentially expressed genes in y dudoit h yang technical report # 578 stanford : stanford  
poverty-induced migration and urban involution in india : causes and consequences s mukherji  1995.0 
perturbation theory for linear opearators t kato  1966.0 
dec ; 172 ( 6 ) : 1591-5 ji dis & hellip ; in measles vaccine failure : demonstration of measles antigen & hellip ;  
theory and applications of phase-locked loop r best at  
integrating semantic frames from multiple sources n kwon eh hovy  2005.0 
a simulation research on multiprocessor interconnection network s with wormhole routing . [ ieeexplore.ieee.org   
integrating information by outerjoins and full disjunctions ( extended abstract ) a rajaraman jd ullman proceedings of the fifteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1996.0 
fuzzy quasilinear spaces and applications md jimenez-gamero y chalco-cano ma rojas-medar submitted to  
mobile code security s loureiro r molva y roudier   
economic problems of the north east coast ghj daysh geography  
data management for earth system science j frew j dozier sigmod record 1997.0 
kernels and regularization on graphs aj smola r kondor lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
ownership structure charter value and risk-taking behavior for thrifts as cebenoyan es cooperman ca register   
sanz is with the department of computer science c jl ibm almaden research center san jose  
soil erosion climatic vagary and agricultural change on the downs around lewes and brighton autumn j boardman da robinson applied geography  
revenue management games : horizontal and vertical competition s netessine ra shumsky management  
thesociologicalimagination cw mills  1959.0 
symptoms of stress inventory ms leckie e thompson seattle : university of washington  
subquery rewriting for optimization of sql queries b cao a badia submitted for  
hã ¶ rverstehen im unterricht deutsch als fremdsprache lang frankfurt/m . 1996 p kã?hn   
mdbs : a modeling and database system to support research in the earth sciences tr smith   
on the highest wave of permanent type j mccowan phil . mag  
an entropy formula for time-varying discrete-time control problems pa iglesias proc . 28th conf . on information sciences and  
on the adaptive significance of stress-induced immunosuppression l raberg m grahn d hasselquist e svensson proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
residual properties of infinite soluble groups kw gruenberg  1957.0 
journalists in greece and turkey : a study of greek and turkish journalistsâ ?? perception of the d tilic middle east technical university  
combining computational effects : sum and tensor m hyland gd plotkin aj power   
reduced osmolarity oral rehydration solution for treating dehydration caused by acute diarrhoea in s hahn s kim p garner cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
the beginnings of urban ambulance service in the united states and england . js haller jr journal of emergency medicine 1990.0 
extending the odmg object model with triggers e bertino g guerrini i merlo knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
nonlinear array dependence analysis university of maryland at college park college park w pugh d wonnacott md  
volumic segmentation using hierarchical representation and triangulated surface jo lachaud a montanvert lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
fast computation of sparse datacubes ka ross d srivastava proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very & hellip ; 1997.0 
long air bubbles in a vertical tube ah gibson phil . mag  
multiculturalism versus unity and commonality . teacher 's resources . ph porterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
the mathlab group mr manual laboratory for computer science mit cambridge mass. dec  
technical report aug17-7 j eckerle o nurmi technical university of munich  
xmas : an extensible main-memory storage system sk cha jh park bd park proceedings of the sixth international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
a new tool for file and table addressing w litwin l hashing proceedings of the 6th international conference on vldb & hellip ;  
the csnet name server mh solomon lh landweber d neuhengen computer networks  
using the structure of web sites for automatic segmentation of tables . to appear in k lerman l getoor s minton ca knoblock proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
monadic encapsulation in ml . in the acm sigplan international conference on functional programming m semmelroth a sabry  1999.0 
the priority r-tree : a practically efficient and worst-case optimal r-tree l arge m de berg hj haverkort k yi proc . sigmod international conference on management of data 2004.0 
hilbert r-tree fractals i kamel c faloutsos proc . of vldb conference . santiago chile september  
graphdb : modeling and querying graphs in databases rh gueting vldb 1994.0 
social math . teacher 's resources . p porterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
functional analysis of the c-terminal flanking sequence of platelet glycoprotein ibalpha using y shen j dong gm romo w arceneaux a aprico ee blood-new york - 2002.0 
saltillo 1770-1810 : town and region in the mexican north . tucson : university of arizona press ls offutt geography  
numerical continuation methods : an introduction el allgower k georg  1990.0 
performance isolation and resource sharing on shared-memory multiprocessors b verghese a gupta   
desirable versus undesirable life events : their relationship to stress and mental distress a vinokur ml selzer journal of personality and social psychology 1975.0 
ultraviolet sexual dimorphism and assortative mating in blue tits s andersson j ornborg m andersson proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
ambiguity representation and resolution in spoken dialogue systems e ammicht a potamianos e fosler-lussier   
lectures on quantum mechanics yeshiva university pam dirac new york  
a generation transformation scheme for consistency maintenance in real-time cooperative editing cz sun x jia y zhang y yang proceedings of international acm siggroup conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
simulated virtual market place by using voiscape communication medium y kanada proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
dissolved oxygen in the chesapeake bay : processes and effects . maryland sea grant college park gb mackiernan md  
a type system equivalent to flow analysis . in 22 ndacm symposium on principles of programming j palsberg poâ ?? keefe  1995.0 
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals k ibrahim c faloutsos proceedings of the 20th conference on very large data bases  
phylogeny inference package ( phylip ) 3.4 j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
reasoning about binary topological relations chapter `` reasoning about binary topological relations . m egenhofer  1991.0 
teaching writing through collaboration . k brufee learning in groups : new directions for teaching and learning  
forthcoming rh leech excavations  
the use of fuzzy cognitive maps to simulate the information systems strategic planning process d kardaras b karakostas information & software technology 1999.0 
the fortran language ba galler history of programming languages 1978.0 
hmso bp london   
the river ( little brown boston 1999 ) e hooper   
human emotions ce izard  1977.0 
department of geography university of maryland college park s goetz   
the x-ray 80 system computer science center university of maryland college park jm stewart fa kundell jc baldwin md  
production ofâ?â ? mesons in theâ ? qâ?â?â ? ( â?â ? hdgf drh f balestraâ ? ¦ reaction  
ecg segmentation using time-warping h vullings mhg verhaegen hb verbruggen lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
the nuclear shell model klg heyde  1990.0 
equation for loop bound in quantitative feedback theory cw chen   
a functional model of the tv programmes production system a deliysky v radeva electrotechnika i elektronika  
wc mc quarrie proc . roy soc 114 15 ( 1927 ) ; jc mc lennan ih mc leod and r. ruedy jc mclennan jh mcleod phil . mag  
multinationals export processing zones and development : the case of mauritius rv sannassee r pearce   
custom solutions for complex networks gm whalley dj newson k linsell mj palmer bt technology journal 2000.0 
modeling emulation analysis of data of wireless sensors q luo lm ni b he h wu wm xue proc . the vldb workshop on data management for sensor & hellip ;  
using credit scoring to improve the quality of consumer receivables : legal and statistical gg chandler jy coffman & hellip ; management association meetings seattle washington  
fuzzy control systems a kandel g langholz  1993.0 
a new tool for files and tables implementation '' w litwin lv hashing proc . 6th int . vldb conf. montreal  
a singular perturbation approachto modelingandcontrolof manipulatorsconstrainedbyasti environment '' nh mcclamroch proc . of the 28th conference on decision and control  
relative contributions of insulin deficiency and insulin resistance in maturity-onset diabetes rc turner j peto lancet i 1982.0 
differential analysis on complex manifolds ro wells  1991.0 
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension vl ldegpwww p dadam r erbe j guenauer p pistor proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
finite state infinite games r mcnaughton technical report massachusetts institute of technology  
data-drivenunderstandingand refinementof schema mappings ll yan rj miller lm haas r fagin proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
hardware organization for nonnumeric processing s pramanik vldb 1981.0 
identifying effects of income on childrenâ ?? s development : integrating an instrumental variables p morris l gennetian new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
environment and quality of life : social representations of the term â ?? â ?? environment.â ?? â ?? k koskinas s papastamou s mantoglou g athens greece : greek letters ( in greek )  
an improved method for the indexing of software s lambert y saintigny f delacote f amiot b information and software technology 1999.0 
the relative clause in biblical hebrew : a linguistic analysis rd holmstedt  2002.0 
on indexing moving objects g kollios d gunopulos vj tsotras proceedings of acm symp . on principles of database systems  
using artifacts as a springboard to literacy rv morris social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
verhalten von intra-und extrazellulã $ ren algenmetaboliten bei der trinkwasseraufbereitung g paul diploma dresden technical university  
production models and social contexts d jonsson t engstrã ¶ m l medbo paper to the sixth international conference on management of  
cooperative modeling in applied geographic research g alonso a el abbadi  1994.0 
excursions above the minimum for diffusions pj fitzsimmons unpublished manuscript  
carbon cycling in the upper waters of the sargasso sea : ii . numerical simulation of apparent and wp bissett kl carder jj walsh da dieterle deep-sea research i 1999.0 
space-bounded foies g dong j su   
hypermedia multimedia and hypertext . definitions and overview h bornman sh von solms electronic library 1993.0 
wireless local loop radio systems n cotanis b jabbari computer networks  
on the excentricityof the earthâ ?? s orbit and its physical relations to the glacial epoch j croll phil . mag  
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension . sigmod 84 boston ma june 1984 v lum p dadam r erbe j guenauer p pistor g sigmod record  
stratafrac ; user documentation : linking discrete fracture networks to geocellular grids version 1.0 w dershowitzâ ? ¦ golder assocs. seattle washington  
the usability life cycle j nielsen   
experiments with multi-probcut and a new high-quality evaluation function for othello games in ai m buro   
mcleod . database descriptionwithsdm : asemantic database model mm hammer acm transactions on database systems  
approximating aggregate queries about web pages via random walks z bar-yossef a berg s chien j fakcharoenphol d vldb 2000.0 
a geometric-resilient image hashing system and its application scalability cy hsu cs lu proc . acm multimedia and security  
on an algebra for historical relational databases : two views j clifford au tansel   
a unified framework for semantics and feature based relevance feedback in image retrieval systems y lu c hu x zhu hj zhang q yang   
behavior and control of greasy spot in florida citrus groves jo whiteside proc . int . soc . citricult  
northwestern flora p. 66 tc frye gb rigg university of washington seattle washington  
a requirement-based approach to data modeling and re-engineering ah muntz ct ramiller proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
a bounds inference method for vector-based memoization wn chin m hagiya proceedings of the second acm sigplan international & hellip ; 1997.0 
integrating a structured-text retrieval system with an object-oriented database system tw yan j annevelink vldb 1994.0 
kv and narayanaswamy k. information modelling for cad/vlsi d mcleod rao bapa proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
the laboratory temperament assessment battery ( lab-tab ) hh goldsmith mk rothbart university of wisconsin  
security for daml web services : annotation and matchmaking g denker l kagal t finin m paolucci k sycara lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
brain abscess in patients with hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia : case report and literature sl dong sf reynolds ip steiner journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
risnes . extending loggingfordatabase snapshot refresh b kahlerando proceedings of the international conference on very large  
stabilization of nonlinear uncertain systems m krstic h deng  1998.0 
on the semantics of updates in databases r fagin jd ullman my vardi proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
co. v. parker products inc. 498 sw 2d 676 ( tex . 1973 ) ; womack v. allstate ins . co. 296 sw 2d 233 ( g ins   
adiabatic limit in perturbation theory h epstein v glaser renormalization theory . proceedings d. reidel publishing co & hellip ;  
query optimisation for nested relations l golby ar algebra proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
embryo transfer in dairy cattle hoards dairyman 1989 ge seidel jr rp elsden   
tools and transformations-rigorous and otherwise-for practical database design a rosenthal d reiner acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
model-reduction with time delay combining the least-squares method with the ga zj yang t hachini t tsuji iee proceedings -- part d  
aramemnon : a novel arabidopsis thaliana integral membrane protein database : plant physiol r schwacke a schneider e van der graaff k  2002.0 
reducing the steiner problem in an a 3-geometry plane gh lin gl xue submitted for  
model selection and inference : a practical information-theoretic approach : springer-verlag kp burnham dr anderson new york  
charney . d. wojahn p. & kim . l. ( 1994 ) . distributed collaborative writing : a comparison of spoken c neuwirth r chandhok proceedings ofthe acm chi  
maps one-regular graphs and half-transitive graphs of valency 4 d marusic r nedela   
subject-matter differences in secondary schools : connections to higher education ss stodolsky pl grossman new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
bin packing with discrete item sizes part ii : average case behaviour of first fit eg coman ds johnson pw shor rr weber unpublished manuscript  
director research & venturing bt cto bt technology journal 2004.0 
analysis of infinite arrays of probe-fed rectangular microstrip patches using a rigorous feed model jt aberle dm pozar iee proceedings 1989.0 
towards a cooperative activity model-the coopertive activity model m rusinkiewicz w klas t tesch j wasch p muth proceedings of the 21st international conference on very & hellip ;  
population dynamics of a few dominant plant species around industrial complexes ak sahu s panda west bengal india . bombay natural history society journal  
anti-leukotriene agents compared to inhaled corticosteroids in the management of recurrent and/or fm ducharme gc hicks cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
stability of discrete linear inclusions-part ii l gurvits  1997.0 
johns hopkins university baltimore j lebowitz md  
revolutionary change theories : a multilevel exploration of the punctuated equilibrium paradigm cjg gersick the academy of management review 1991.0 
development and application of a mathematical model of wave action on steep slopes ' nwh allsop jv smallman rv stephens proc . 21st int . conf . on coastal engineering asce malaga & hellip ;  
understanding motor events : a neurophysiological study g pellegrino l fadiga l fogassi v gallese g experimental brain research 1992.0 
multimodal content-based structure analysis of karaoke music y zhu k chen q sun proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
outerjoin simplification and reordering for query optimization c galindo-legaria a rosenthal acm transactions on database systems 1997.0 
norm-based regularization of boosting . submitted to y guo p bartlett a smola rc williamson journal of machine learning research  
bulking agents antispasmodic and antidepressant medication for the treatment of irritable bowel ao quartero v meineche-schmidt j muris g rubin cochrane database syst rev 2005.0 
modeling and querying video data r hielsvold r midtstraum proceedings of the 20 thinternational conference on vldb  
rt ng and j. sander . lof : identifying density-based local outliers mm breuing hp kriegel  2000.0 
efficient memory-reference checks for real-time java a corsaro rk cytron   
optimal bird migration : the relative importance of time energy and safety t alerstam a lindstrã ¶ m bird migration : physiology and ecophysiology 1990.0 
university of west florida . ab chaet new directions for higher education 1993.0 
preserving spectral contrast in amplitude compression for hearing aids c juan c tejero cr janet proceedings of the 23rd annual embs international conference & hellip ;  
model selection and inference : a practical information-theoretic approach kp burnham dr anderson  1998.0 
the collegiate ideal and the tools of external relations : the uses of high-profile intercollegiate jd toma new directions for higher education 1999.0 
radioecological conditions on the territory of the shore-based technical bases of the far east va danilyan vl vysotskii aa maksimov at .  
symmetric hilbert spaces and related topics a guichardet   
md 1979 stephen g. osofsky gc thrall md  
views as first-class citizens in object-oriented databases r alhajj f polat c yãlmaz the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
consistency of the theory of contexts ( 2001 ) a bucalo m hofmann f honsell m miculan i   
combining global codc and data compaction b de sutter b de bus k de bosschere s debray   
human spatial psychology : an investigation of the psychology of use restriction and attachment to ba thompson  1999.0 
theory of difference equations : numerical methods and applications academic press v lakshmikantham d trigiante san diego  
a surface temperature and moisture parameterization for use in mesoscale numerical models paper cj tremback r kessler am . meteorol . soc. montreal canada june  
customizable virtual private network service with qos lk lim j gao tse ng pr chandra p steenkiste h computer networks 2001.0 
computer-supported cooperative work : its history and participation j grudin ieee computer  
tile hashing w litwin proc . of sigmod conf  
war gender and religion in tenth-century england : struggles for identity in anglo-saxon texts j grossman  1996.0 
software firms unite aim to keelhaul pirates . m betts computerworld  
proving congruence of simulation orderings in functional languages d howe unpublished manuscript  
larger than life : itâ ?? s so nonlinear km evans university of wisconsin  
a study to determine the levels of hopelessness in 18 year old students who do or do not smoke jr meinke  2000.0 
20-methyl vitamin d analogues g neef g kirsch k schwarz h wiesinger a menrad proceedings of the 9th workshop on vitamin d 1994 orlando & hellip ;  
approximate reasoning by agents in distributed environments a skowron proc . iat  
nature over nurture : temperament personality and life span development rr mccrae pt costa f ostendorf a angleitner m journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
sound support for collaboration w gaver   
water quality problems in baltic coastal waters : the odra river as a source of human pathogenic g schernewski t huttula wd jã 1/4 lich v podsechin   
genetic relationships of several aboriginal groups in south east asia le lie-injo see ref  
relative loss bounds for on-line density estimation with the exponential family of distributions ks azoury mk warmuth machine learning 2001.0 
incremental execution of transformation specifications g sittampalam o de moor kf larsen   
reliability of quantum-mechanical communication systems wsl jane technical report 468 research laboratory of electronics  
diana program version 2.1 . userâ ?? s manual and instructions p gã 1/4 ntert eth zurich switzerland  
role theory differential association and compulsive crimes dr cressey see cavan  
groups as agents with mental attitudes g boella   
the handheld that beams b brown pc magazine  
acquisition method of ground control points for high-resolution satellite imagery t kadota m takagi   
k. konolige â ?? â ?? blending reactivity and goal-directidness in a fuzzy controllerâ ?? â ?? a saffioti eh ruspini procs . of the second ieee conf . on fuzzy  
measuring endogamy ak romney see ref  
ohio university 's multidimensional institutional impact and assessment plan am williford new directions for higher education 1997.0 
conceptualizing and measuring organizational and psychological climate : pitfalls in multilevel wh glick the academy of management review 1985.0 
singular perturbation methods for ordinary differential equations re o'malley  1991.0 
situations in life to support the use and modelling of municipal information systems wg bleek   
laser phase and frequency stabilization using an optical resonator rwp drever jl hall fv kowalski j hough gm ford applied physics b : lasers and optics 1983.0 
asr-bird observation program at german airports dmw ruhe   
42nd interscience conference on antimicrobial agents and chemotherapy cl celum c renzi m fosterâ ? ¦ san diego ca  
swiss re energy charter s re  1995.0 
consistency concurrency and crash recovery acm-sigmod int ye lien pj weinberger conf on management of data austin texas  
the obligatory earthquake insurance ( decree 587 ; 27.12 . 1999 ) draft paper m balamir middle east technical university ankara  
c and richard p â ?? the o 2 database programming languagesâ ?? r lecluse proceedings 15th vldb amsterdam aug  
how to support better software testing d gelperin am hayashi application development trends 1996.0 
endomorphism rings of torsion-free abelian groups als corner proc . int . conf . theory groups canberra  
mechanical engineering education at the university of twente pc powell h grunefeld  1999.0 
microsoft 's 80386/80486 programming guide rp nelson  1991.0 
a novel framework for svm-based image retrieval on large databases l wang x li p xue kl chan proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
conceptual database modeling skill acquisition : impact of cooperative versus individual learning b bordoloi sd ryan   
dna segmentation as a model selection process . recomb 2001 : proceedings of the fifth annual w li  2001.0 
hilbert r-tree : an improved r-tree using fractals in `` proceedings 20th international conference on i kamel c faloutsos   
environmental ethics : contempory ethical issues c palmer  1997.0 
stones of destiny : keystones of civilization jr poss michigan technical university houghton  
lisalearning jm carroll sa mazur   
a concurrency control protocol for read-only transactions in real-time secure database systems h han s park c park   
migrations abundance and origins of salmonids in offshore waters of the north pacificâ ?? 1998 . kw meyers rv walker nd davis ky aydin s hyun & hellip ; institute university of washington seattle washington  
pegasus : flight departure/arrival/gate information system s seneff j polifroni p schmid  1998.0 
numerical solution of large quadratic programs in training support vector machines avl zanni   
spontaneous prejudice in context : variability in automatically activated attitudes b wittenbrink cm judd b park journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
semantic integrity in a r. elational database ; m hammer d mcleod proc . lst int . conf . vldb framingham mass  
inelastic light scattering in rare earth compounds j vitins & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1976.0 
pulmonary pathology dh dail sp hammar  1993.0 
modeling and composing service-based and reference process-based multi-enterprise processes h schuster d georgakopoulos a cichocki d baker lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
adv. detailed react . mech . 1 1 ( 1991 ) ; na porter b. giese and dp curran m newcomb acc . chem . res  
stress hormones proinflammatory and antiinflammatory cytokines and autoimmunity ij elenkov gp chrousos annals-new york academy of sciences 2002.0 
building pasts : historic preservation and identity in twentieth-century germany . r koshar see gillis  
strikesâ ?? weâ ?? ve had enough s deshmukh bombay times times of india  
midazolam : a review of therapeutic uses and toxicity sp nordt rf clark journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
the impact of charter schools on academic achievement ea hanushek jf kain sg rivkin unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
computation of asymptotic distribution for semiparametric gmm estimators h ichimura unpublished  
high-availability computer systems j gray dp siewiorek   
the failure and recovery problem for replicated databases pa bernstein n goodman proceedings of the second annual acm symposium on principles & hellip ; 1983.0 
the synovial lining of the rabbit knee : a scanning electron microscopy study of specimens reinforced d levanon h stein the histochemical journal 1992.0 
rockville usp xxiii md  
- performance database research center school of computer science florida international university lr amat jr   
place g ( 2000 ) learning objects : communicating the pedagogical potential g hepburn procs of ed media  
hla-dqa1 * 1 contributes to resistance and a1 * 3 confers susceptibility to type 1 ( insulin-dependent ) k yamagata t hanafusa h nakajima m sada h diabetologia 1991.0 
work function changes of high-t ( sub c ) superconductors around the t ( sub c ) ( abstract only ) j mizsei a uusimaki v lantto oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
numerical modeling of turbulent natural-gas diffusion flames twj peeters delft : delft technical university  
collaborative joins in a pervasive computing environment f perich a joshi y yesha t finin the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
a neural network approach for studying the switching problem sj amin bt technology journal 1994.0 
renegotiating institutional power relationships to better serve nursing students sm hendricks new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
chloramphenicol-resistant salmonella typhi vi phage type a isolated from a patient in bangladesh mi huq ar samadi lancet  
mutual dependencies and some results on undecomposable relations jm nicolas vldb 1978.0 
dry adhesive contact of elastomers ar savkoor technical university delft  
reversal of female mate choice by copying in the guppy ( poecilia reticulata ) la dugatkin jgj godin proceedings : biological sciences 1992.0 
measles virus entry : generation of hybrid cd46/cd4 receptors to identify cd46 domains required for u schneider university of zurich zurich switzerland  
querying a multilevel database : a logical analysis f cuppens proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
the migration of inert gases in ionic crystals mj norgett ab lidiard phil . mag  
public-private employment choice wage differentials and gender in turkey processed ankara : a tansel middle east technical university  
a high performance mapped object store sj white dos dewitt proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on the management  
integrating a structured-text retrieval system with an object-oriented database system tw yantt j annevelinkt   
a complete axtomauzauon for functional and multtvalued dependencies c beeri r fagin js howard proc acm-sigmod intern . conf on the management of data & hellip ;  
in nist chemistry webbook nist standard reference database number 69 ; linstrom pj ; mallard wg ( hy afeefy jf liebman se stein md  
implementation of an efficient requirements-analysis supporting system using similarity measure s park h kim y ko j seo information & software technology 2000.0 
crustal studies around the canary islands bp dash e bosshard rept . xxiiird . int . geol . congr . czechoslovakia procs .  
dutton dean emeritus of the penn state university college of earth and mineral sciences t estimate was rendered by john   
a case for fractured mirrors rrdj dewitt q su   
searching the net j munro r kwon pc magazine dec  
elementary number theory in a discrete mathematics class : the rsa cryptosystem sj sugden at delta  
her life and chants a estrada m sabina santa barbara california : ross-erikson  
toward a multilevel secure relational data model r sandhu s jajodia acm international conference on management of data ( sigmod )  
acyclovir for treating varicella in otherwise healthy children and adolescents tp klassen em belseck n wiebe l hartling cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
mapping of common management information services to corba object services specification s mazumdar   
directional bias in intra-urban migration js adams economic geography 1969.0 
intelligent database caching through the use of page-answers and page-traces n kamel r king acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
cortico-hippocampal interplay and the representation of contexts in the brain r miller  1991.0 
impairment of dna repair in the course of long-term hemodialysis and under cyclosporine s vamvakas u bahner p becker a steinle r gotz transplant proc 1996.0 
combining histograms and parametric curve fitting for feedback-driven query result-size estimation a konig g weikum proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
preservation solutions for transplantation f muhlbacher f langer c mittermayerâ ? ¦ transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
questions of controllability and observability for nonuniformly sampled discrete systems a fuster jm guillen   
falcon : feedback adaptive loop for content-based retrieval l wu c faloutsos kp sycara tr payne vldb 2000.0 
gender and organizational performance : determinants of small business survival and success al kalleberg kt leicht the academy of management journal 1991.0 
an optimisation scheme for coalesce/valid time selection operator sequences c vassilakis sigmod record 2000.0 
consumer commission ( accc ) 2003 a competition report to  
bigsur : a system for the management of earth science data m stonebraker p brown proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
the area-time complexity of binary multiplication rp brent ht kung journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1981.0 
combining simulative and metaphor-based reasoning about beliefs ja barnden s helmreich e iverson gc stein   
22209 united states of america store prescription request v rosslyn   
fuzzy multiple attribute decision making sj chen cl hwangâ ? ¦  1992.0 
the child 's world : geography around the home . pull-out feature 2 . na chicola eb english social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
applying the naep code of ethics to epa and the fluoride in drinking water standard rj carton jw hirzy proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the national & hellip ;  
constructive asymptotic equivalence of density estimation and gaussian white noise j klemela m nussbaum unpublished manuscript  
u > recursive data structures < / u > car hoare stanford university computer science department technical  
control of nonlinear systems and differential inclusions h frankowska to  
data bubbles for non-vector data : speeding-up hierarchical clustering in arbitrary metric spaces j zhou j sander proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
extremal bipartite graphs with a unique k-factor a hoffmann l volkmann   
social studies : citizenship education for building nations and educating global citizens . mc mckinney-browning jl barthâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
hybrid systems rl grossmanâ ? ¦  1993.0 
transportation of chinook salmon and steelhead smolts 1968-80 and its impact on adult returns to the dl park mar. fish . serv. seattle washington . 20p  
neocortex size and behavioural ecology in primates ra barton proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
interactive visualization of earth and space science computations wl hibbard be paul da santek   
a multilevel model of privatization in emerging economies r ramamurti academy of management review 2000.0 
remittances and inequality : a question of migration stage and geographic scale . rc jones economic geography 1998.0 
development support systems r lauber ieee computer  
minimax estimates of linear functionals in a hilbert space p speckman unpublished manuscript  
web image clustering by consistent utilization of visual features and surrounding texts b gao ty liu t qin x zheng qs cheng wy ma proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
using guided imagery in the emergency department cw hatler journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
would i rather fight than switch ? : consumer regret following switch versus repeat decisions in j inman m zeelenberg unpublished manuscript  
an execution model for limited ambiguity rules and its application to derived data update ima chen r hull d mcleod acm transactions on database systems 1995.0 
immobilisation and functional treatment for acute lateral ankle ligament injuries in adults gm kerkhoffs bh rowe wj assendelft k kelly pa cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
north s. and sandberg j. ( 1985 ) : a method for drawing graphs r lipton proc . acm symp . on computational  
the vagabond temporal oid index : an index structure for oid indexing in toodb k nervag the vldb conference  
learning probabilistic models of relational structure l getoor n friedman d koller b taskar   
killing the spirit : higher education in america p smith  1990.0 
negative ions and behavior : impact on mood memory and aggression among type a and type b persons ra baron gw russell rl arms journal of personality and social psychology 1985.0 
empirical comparison of methods of fuzzy relational identification b postlethwaite   
a brief survey of systems providing process or object migration facilities . acm sigop operating m nuttall acm press new  
spatial mismatch and labor market segmentation for african-american and latina women . s mclafferty v preston economic geography 1992.0 
fido : a cache that learns to fetch m palmer sb zdonik vldb 1991.0 
constructivism and the design of learning environments : context and authentic activities for pc honebein tm duffy bj fishman nato asi series f computer and systems sciences 1993.0 
when less is more : counterfactual thinking and satisfaction among olympic medalists vh medvec sf madey t gilovich journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
lof : identifying density-based local outliers mm breunig hp kriegel rt ng j sanderâ ? ¦   
the effect of nacl and licl on vasopressin-sensitive adenyl cyclase . t dousa o hechter life sci i 1970.0 
geometrically-necessary dislocation density in continuum crystal plasticity theory and fem h dai dm parks unpublished manuscript  
privacy preservation for data cubes s sung y liu data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
localization of long-term mem - 78 a pascual t preat & hellip ; er and steward o. ( 1992 ) . demonstration of local protein & hellip ;  
xmas : an extensible main-memory storage system for high-performance applications jh park ys kwon kh kim s lee bd park sk cha sigmod conference 1998.0 
enveloped virus is the major virus form produced during productive infection with the modified d spehner r drillien f proamer c houssais -   
arvind and l. rodolph . cachet : an adaptive cache coherence protocol for distributed shared-memory x shen  1999.0 
on the existence of active molecules in organic and inorganic bodies r brown phil . mag  
better prediction of protein contact numbers with support vector regression z yuan  2005.0 
approximating multi-dimensional aggregate range queries over real attributes c domeniconi d gunopulos g kollios vj tsotras proc . acm sigmod  
opossum : desk-top schema management through customizable visualization em haber ye ioannidis m livny proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
optics : approach to spatia1data mining m ankerst m breunig hp kriegel j sander vldb &#39; 97  
1999b . stochastic gradient boosting jh friedman technical report department of statistics stanford  
fuzzy logic gain scheduling for non-linear servo tracking ma brdys jj littler   
submodule construction from concurrent system specifications e haghverdi h ural information and software technology 1999.0 
lof : identifying density-based locak outliers [ a ] hpk markus mb proc acm sigmod  
exlremat properlies of likelihood . ratio quantizers i tsiisiklis proc . 29th ieee coof decision contr honolulu hi dec  
experimental mathematics : an application to retarded differential equations with infinite lag a feldstein ck grafton proc . 1968 acm national  
drifting games re schapire machine learning 2001.0 
superconnections and the chern character d quillen to pology  
renal transplantation in very young children rs trompeter c chantler lancet i 1983.0 
teaching software engineering at university . pw garratt g edmunds information and software technology 1988.0 
ambiguity and the principle of idiosyncratic interpretation k van deemter submitted for publication  
discrete differential-geometry operators for triangulated meshes m meyer m desbrun p schrã ¶ der ah barr  2002.0 
on an authorization mecha - holt71 nism r fagin acm trans . database syst .  
hâ '' control for impul-sive disturbances : a state space approach '' qf wei wp dayawansa ps krishnaprasad & hellip ; of american control conference seattle washington  
midwife to a learning community : spirit as co-inquirer ww roberson new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
on the convergence rates of ipa and fdc derivative estimators for finite-horizon stochastic systems plâ ?? ecuyer g perron submitted for publication  
knowledge sharing technology project overview t finin m cutkosky t gruber j van baalen technical report ksl-91-71 stanford university november  
s and rungis j 1970 rs crisp phil . mag  
stressful life events : their nature and effects bs dohrenwend bp dohrenwend  1974.0 
erq : controlled inference and instruction techniques for dbms query languages j longstaff proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
individual creativity and group ability to utilize individual creative resources : a multilevel model s taggar academy of management journal 2002.0 
an experimental investigation of the velocity field due to a line heat source hj nawoj ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1975.0 
the radiansphere around a small antenna ha wheeler proc . ire  
w. lam h. oql : a query language for manipulating object-oriented databases am alashqur sy su proc . int . conf . very large databases amsterdam the & hellip ;  
how to identify and estimate the top largest traffic matrix elements in a changing environment a soule a nucci e leonardi r cruz n taft proceedings of acm  
full text pdf format pdf ( 54 kb ) source history of programming languages archive rl wexelblat history of programming languages 1978.0 
bringing pictorial space to life : computer techniques for the analysis of paintings a criminisi m kemp a zisserman   
state-level evaluation uses of cost analysis : a national descriptive survey nl smith jk smith new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
a version of the teacher observation of classroom adaptation for use with preschoolers c kam m greenberg unpublished manuscript  
follow-up study : long-term effects of modified internship for beginning elementary teachers fh hite  1968.0 
adaâ ?? the project wa whitaker history of programming languages  
trl a formal language for temporal references . t panayiotopoulos cd spyropoulos ev ioannidis  1993.0 
a tool for targeting and identifying plastics manufacturers for conversion to recycled plastics cw center seattle washington . january  
one-sided ideals in ac * - algebra jc chuan dissertation university of california santa barbara  
the geochemistry of arsenic and antimony in puget sound and lake washington ea crecelius & hellip ; phd thesis university of washington seattle washington  
kinematics of fibre optics sensory systems for control of a natural gas engine co nwagboso ma pendlebury proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
testing geometric objects university of maryland at college park college park k romanik c smith md  
kinetics of phase formation in au-al thin films su campisano g foti e rimini ss lau jw mayer phil . mag. 1975.0 
multimedia information systems : the confluence of technologies and disciplines c goble information and software technology  
evaluation of database recursive logic programs as recursive function series g gardarin c demaindreville proc . acm sigmod int . conference on management of  
incremental and effective data summarization for dynamic hierarchical clustering s nassar j sander c cheng proc . of acm 2004.0 
query graphs implementing trees and freely-reorderable outerjoins a rosenthal   
a parameter based admission control for differentiated services networks m fidler v sander computer networks 2004.0 
nonequilibrium numerical simulation of radiation cooled arcjets s miller m martinez-sanchez proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion  
increasing learning among developmental education students . w mooreâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1976.0 
lh-linear hashing for distributed files w litwin ma neimat da schneider   
the timed failures-stability model for csp gm reed aw roscoe   
an optimizing prolog front-end to a relational query system m jarke j clifford   
abbadi : ae storage and retrieval of moving objects hd chon d agrawal ieee intl. conf . on mobile data management ( mdm )  
an incremental algorithm for computing ranked full disjunctions s cohen y sagiv   
center college of kentucky . rl morrill new directions for higher education 1988.0 
technology development c refinement system development and demonstration  
rx for semantic video database retrieval n dimitrova f golshani & hellip ; of the second acm international conference on multimedia 1994.0 
mycenae-epidaurus argos-tiryns-nauplion se iakovidis  1978.0 
on the stability of the functional equation f ( xy ) = f ( x ) y mathematica sm jung to  
permeability changes during shear deformation of fractured rock lw teufel proc . us rock mech . symp. 28th  
dataspace : protocols and services for distributed data mining and remote data analysis e creel r grossman g reinhart conference : knowledge discovery and data mining august  
chameleon : a new multi-layer channel router d braun j burns s davadas hk ma k mayaram f proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
role of bcl-2 family proteins in apoptosis : apoptosomes or mitochondria ? y tsujimoto genes to cells 1998.0 
adult learning in community : themes and threads ds stein s imel new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
uses of the fries rearrangement for the preparation of hydroxyarylketones r martin org . prep . proc . int  
the future of fibre access systems ? db payne rp davey bt technology journal 2002.0 
studies of arsenic ingestion from drinking water in northeastern taiwan : chemical speciation and j froines md  
combining high school and college : laguardia 's middle college high school . je lieberman new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
numerical simulations of dense collisional systems ( abstract only ) h salo proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
an investigation of factors that influence the implementation of cooperative learning . jw bowe  2001.0 
multidimensional analyses and cost-revenue relationships . we vandament new directions for higher education 1993.0 
small subsets inherit sparse îµ-regularity s gerke y kohayakawa v rodl a steger   
performance of parallel applications on a shared-memory multiprocessor system ss thakkar acm press frontier series 1990.0 
watering las vegas am poyner geography 1998.0 
r-tree : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching g antonin proceeding of acm sigmod  
labor 's spatial praxis and the geography of contract bargaining in the us east coast longshore a herod political geography 1997.0 
planarization of graphs embedded on surfaces hn djidjev sm venkatesan lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
mitochondrial dna polymorphism phylogeography and conservation genetics of the brown bear ursus p taberlet j bouvet proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
neural network processing of perceptual signal representations vc georgopoulos d preis proceedings of ainn â ?? 90 zurich switzerland  
technology adaption in logic synthesis wh joyner jr lh trevillyan d brand ta nix sc proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
research at altair p richard acm sigmod record 1991.0 
diffusion pde-based denoising technique for magnetic resonance electrical impedance tomography ts kim bi lee sh lee jk seo o kwon ej woo proc . 26th annu . int . conf . ieee embs ( san francisco ca & hellip ;  
maximum profitability with minimum risk and effort aj richmond proc . 29th apcom beijing china  
learning multi-digit multiplication by modeling rectangles a izsã ¡ k proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the north american  
transformational data refinement and vdm dj andrews dc ince information and software technology 1995.0 
heraclitus [ alg c ] : elevating deltas to be first-class citizens in a database programming language s ghandeharizadeh r hull d jacobs unpublished manuscript  
avalanche forecasting for transportation corridor and backcountry in glacier national park ( bc j schweizer jb jamieson d skjonsberg   
neutron radiography jp barton p von der hardt  1981.0 
an epsilon-insensitive approach to fuzzy clustering j leski applied mathematics and computer science 2001.0 
specifications of concurrent and distributed systems we weihl acm press frontier series 1993.0 
an optimisation scheme for coalesce/valid time selection operator sequences . acms anthology sigmod record 2000.0 
yield and gel strength of agar from cystocarpic and tetrasporic plants of gracilaria verrucosa ( dh kim np henriquez proc . int . seaweed symp  
phylip ver . 3.5 j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
exploiting versions for on-line data warehouse maintenance in molap servers hg kang cw chung vldb 2002.0 
89 * at ( 54 ) vorrichtung fã?r einen laser-hybrid-schweissprozess ( 30 ) at 2000 11 16 a 1936/2000 ( 72 ) nr pettenbach enns *  
evidences for the west china cratons and its evolution x yuan y zho c zhang proc . 29th int . geol . congr . part b  
cardiac transplant atherosclerosis me billingham transplant  
liquid and fluid agents for preventing adhesions after surgery for subfertility a watson p vandekerckhove r lilford cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
relative efficiency analysis rd banker jl gifford unpublished manuscript  
the gendered construction of the adult education and family literacy act b sparks new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
mhc genotype and male ornamentation : genetic evidence for the hamilton-zuk model tv schantz h wittzell g goransson m grahn k proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
events and subjective well-being : only recent events matter e suh e diener f fujita journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
fast computation of generalized voronoi diagrams using graphics hardw are k hoff t culver j keyser m lin d manocha proceedings of acm siggraph  
multiclass learning v guruswami a sahai boosting and error-correcting codes . procs . of 12th colt & hellip ;  
the emergence of compositional structures in perceptually grounded language games p vogt submitted for publication  
new applications of optics from modern computer design methods . p mckee jr towers bt technology journal 1993.0 
the fourier transform and its application rn bracewell   
learning query-class dependent weights in automatic video retrieval r yan j yang ag hauptmann proceedings of acm multimedia 2004.0 
punitive awards after bmw a new capping system and the reported opinion bias t eisenberg mt wells wisconsin law review 1998.0 
a taxonomy for object-oriented secure databases [ j ] so martin hvons sebastian acm transactions on database systems  
reasoning about gradual changes of topological relationships mj egenhofer kk al-taha lecture notes in computer science 1992.0 
high level segmentation of instructional videos based on content density dq phung s venkatesh c dorai   
field induced spin density waves pm chaikin j. phys . i france 1996.0 
role of the posterolateral cerebellum in language al gebhart se petersen wt thach annals-new york academy of sciences 2002.0 
corbaservices : common object services specification r edition   
w. myers hn dunning j moore at ibid  
one-bath trichrome staining : investigation of a general mechanism based on a structure-staining rw horobin l flemming the histochemical journal 1988.0 
an observation unit in a pediatric emergency department : one children 's hospital 's experience k leduc s haley-andrews m rannie journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
an equivalent small parameter method for strongly nonlinear systems ss qiu im filanovsky ka stromsmoe proc . 28th midwest symp . on circuits and  
programming microsoft visual basic 6.0 f balena  1999.0 
histological typing of tumours of the upper respiratory tract and ear k shanmugaratnam lh sobinâ ? ¦  1996.0 
a static type system for jvm access control t higuchi a ohori   
cooperative learning strategies . b barnes go ` farrell social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
automated analysis of software requirements university of maryland at college park college park jm atlee md  
temporal logic of programs f krã ¶ ger  1987.0 
a report on openmath j abbot a diaz rs sutor sigsam bulletin 1996.0 
faithful least-squares fitting of spheres cylinders cones and tori for reliable segmentation g lukacs r martin d marshall lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
writing distributed programs in polylith university of maryland at college park college park c hofmeister j atlee j purtilo md  
simple conditions for guaranteeing higher normal forms in relational databases cj date r fagin acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
modular synthesis of ï ? - acceptor cyclophanes derived from 1 4 5 8-naphthalenetetracarboxylic g chen jt lean m alcalã ¡ te mallouk acc . chem . res 1997.0 
cell surface display of glycosylphosphatidylinositol lipids in mammalian cells na baumann ca machamer ak menon j vidugiriene  1999.0 
the rasdaman approach to multidimensional database management p baumann p furtado r ritsch n widmann   
blue-c-ii l hovestadt m gross l van gool m meier s  2003.0 
the chameleon effect : the perception-behavior link and social interaction tl chartrand ja bargh journal of personality and social psychology 1999.0 
but is it rigorous ? trustworthiness and authenticity in naturalistic evaluation ys lincoln eg guba new directions for program evaluation 1986.0 
immunocytochemical investigation of hepatitis b virus-associated antigens in cases of liver m iwai m kashiwadani t okuno t takino y ibata the histochemical journal 1988.0 
pharmacotherapy for posttraumatic stress disorder dj stein n zungu-dirwayi gj van der linden s cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
approximating multi-dimensional aggregate range queries over real attributes d gunopulos g kollios vj tsotras c domeniconi sigmod conference 2000.0 
place/transition petri nets j desel w reisig lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
the database and information system research group at the university of ulm p dadam w klas sigmod record 1997.0 
the accountability litmus test : long-term performance improvement with contained costs bn albright new directions for higher education 1995.0 
craze g.-a . & watt i. ( 1981 ) . j. chem . soc . perkin trans . 2 pp. 175-184 . ermer o. mason sa rv cernik acc . chem .  
university of washington j felsenstein seattle washington  
thermal comfort in passive solar buildings hn knudsen rj de dear jw ring tl li tw technical university of denmark  
steering controllable systems '' rm murray ss sastry proc . 29th ieee cdc honolulu hawaii dec  
growth curve analyses : a potential measure of the effects of environmental stress upon wildlife tt fendley il brisbin jr proc . int . game biol  
reproductive effort and t-lymphocyte cell-mediated immuno-competence in female pied flycatchers j moreno jj sanz e arriero proceedings : biological sciences 1999.0 
draft flux and sources of nutrients in the mississippi-atchafalaya river basin . topic 3 gulf of da goolsby wa battaglin gb lawrence rs artz bt   
interoperability of data parallel runtime libraries g edjlali a sussman j saltz   
horizontal decomposition to improve a non-bcnf scheme al furtado acm sigmod record 1981.0 
towards basic nursing information in patient records m ehnfors i thorell-ekstrand a ehrenberg   
modern database systems w kimâ ? ¦  1995.0 
concluding comments : laptop learning communities dg brown new directions for teaching and learning 2005.0 
eight general ledgers for small business s yoder s knight pc magazine  
suppressing marginal cells to protect sensitive information in a two-dimensional statistical table ( fm malvestuto m moscarini m rafanelli proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1991.0 
snapshot of e-commerce 's opportunities and threats yvoa saanen electronic markets 1999.0 
recursive approach to optimal control problem of multiarea electric energy system j momoh   
biological recovery versus desertization hn le houerou economic geography 1977.0 
towaxds a cooperative transaction model -- the cooperative activity model m rnsinkiewicz w klasâ ? ¦ proc . int . conf . very large data bases dayal u gray p & hellip ;  
de la jr avault jw jr & smitherman ro ( 1969 ) effects of soil and water hardness on survival and l bretonne jr proceedings of the 23rd annual  
ischeduleâ ?? an optimisation tool-kit based on heuristic search to solve bt scheduling problems r dorne c voudouris a liret c ladde d lesaint bt technology journal 2003.0 
a study to determine the value and effectiveness of online distance learning to technical and dk martinek  2002.0 
optimal clustering structures for hierarchical topological design of large computer networks f kamoun l kleinrock computer networks  
metabolism of substrates : energy substrate metabolism during exercise and as modified by training pd gollnick fed proc 1985.0 
genetic programming of fuzzy coordination behaviors for mobile robots e tunstel t lippincott   
scott w. desposato q training   
rechnergestã 1/4 tzte geburtsplanung und-visualisierung zur prã $ vention des menschlichen geburtstraumas j schwarz a wischnik procs bvm  
implementing an interactive visualization system on a simd architecture rf erbacher   
eâ ? cient view self-maintenance n huyn proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference athens greece  
1994 supplemental instruction : increasing achievement and retention dc martin dr arendale new directions for teaching and  
an electron-microscope investigation of a moonstone sg fleet ph ribbe phil . mag  
a high-availability scalable distributed data structure using reed solomon codes w litwin t schwarz proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
an algebra for domain-independent array management in databases p baumann submitted for publication  
new quadric metric for simplifying meshes with appearance attributes . ieee visualizationâ ?? 99 h hoppe  1999.0 
wireless local loop rp merrett pve beastall sj buttery bt technology journal 1998.0 
density biased sampling : an improved method for data mining and clustering crpc faloutsos   
cooperative negotiation in concurrent engineering design computer aided cooperative product kp sycara proceedings of mit-jsme workshop . d. sriram r. logcher s. & hellip ;  
university of maryland college park mp failey dt ph md  
extended probability tables for approximating neutron multigroup cross-sections a rineiski v sinitsa   
fallstudien som forskningsmetod lund : studentlitteratur sb merriam  1994.0 
the beauty of fractals ho peitgen ph richter  1986.0 
endotoxemia after small bowel transplantation . bj browne cp johnson am roza mb adams transplantation proceedings 1992.0 
mds codes over finite quasi-frobenius rings h horimoto k shiromoto   
practical uses of end-tidal carbon dioxide monitoring in the emergency department lj santos j varon l pic-aluas ah combs journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
engineering fracture mechanics s yang fg yuan   
evaluating the benefits of cache-affinity scheduling in shared-memory multiprocessors j torrellas a tucker a gupta technical repor stanford university july  
synthesis of interface specifications for java classes r alur p cerny p madhusudan w nam   
indiana cemetery records '' j county   
management of multidimensional discrete data in database systems pasb furtado   
ester m. and kriegel h. ( 2000 ) : towards an effective cooperation of the user and the computer for m ankerst proc . of the 6th acm sigmod international conf . on knowledge  
aspect-oriented programming of sparse matrix code j irwin jm loingtier jr gilbert g kiczales j lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
ice and sand : linking the sandbox to geographic features in elementary social studies . rv morris social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
are computers boosting productivity ? yes ! '' j bakos computerworld  
pharmacopoeial convention rockville usp xxii md  
toward a multilevel secure data model s jajodia r sandhu proceedings : acm  
obstracles to the adoption of mobile agents ( panel ) v roth & hellip ; conference on mobile data management ( mdmâ ?? 04 ) berkeley ( & hellip ;  
nonlinear optics 1academic rw boyd san diego  
software insecurity t keefe   
hmso 1993 rs act isbn  
mobilizing structures and cycles of protest : post-stalinist contention in poland 1954-1959 m osa mobilization-san diego - 2001.0 
dredged-material disposal planning programs dt ford water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
capitalism accumulation and the explanation of urban phenomena m edel see boddy  
acceleration induced shear strains in a monkey brain hemisection vr hodgson lm thomas proceedings of the 23rd stapp car crash conference sae & hellip ;  
a little taste of something more exotic ' : the imaginative geographies of everyday life j may geography-london - 1996.0 
start small think infinite a laplante computerworld  
the first acm sigplan conference on history of programming languages rl wexelblat history of programming languages 1978.0 
implementing lh * rs : a scalable distributed high-availability data structure m ljungstrã ¶ m master th . ( feb. 2000 ) cs dep. u. linkoping  
a formal specification of java [ tm ] virtual machine instructions for objects methods and z qian lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
optics & spectroscopy vg farafonov  1999.0 
basestation collaboration in bluetooth voice networks j xue td todd computer networks 2003.0 
successful clinical small bowel transplantation e deltz p schroeder m gundlachâ ? ¦  1990.0 
a thematic teaching unit on flight k freeland k smith social studies and young learner 1993.0 
kahaner report on supercomputer in japan d kahaner available via anonymous ftp from cs . arizona . edu ã cents â ? ¬ & hellip ;  
correlation between magnetic shear and exb shear flow on jet itbs b esposito f crisanti v parail p maget y   
monosomic analysis of resistance to eyespot in the variety â ?? roazon.â ?? j jahier g doussinault f dosba f bourgeois proc . int . wheat genet . symp  
international retirement migration in europe : from tourism to residence in the mediterranean regions am williams association of american geographers conference hawaii & hellip ;  
measuring complexity and coverage of software specifications gh walton jh poore information & software technology 2000.0 
lancelot ar conn  1992.0 
pyroclastic rocks rv fisher hu schmincke  1985.0 
institutions : integrating objects xml and databases s alagic information & software technology 2002.0 
usin subcategorization to resolve verb class ambiguity m lapata c brew procs of joint sigdat conference on empirical mathods in & hellip ;  
limit theorems for fuzzy random variables fn proske to  
comparison between laboratory analysis and sieving using laboratory scale model muckpiles pd katsabanis proceedings of the 25 thannual conference on explosives and & hellip ;  
a multimediaenhanced cscw teleservice for wide area cooperative authoring of multimediadocuments h thimm acm sigois bulletin 1994.0 
back-propagation fuzzy system as nonlinear dynamic system identifiers . lx wang jm mendel   
contention over space and place c tilly mobilization-san diego - 2003.0 
comparative studies of lithosphere flexure on earth and venus r mettier  2002.0 
rule learning events in the acquisition of a complex skill k vanlehn submitted for publication  
aboriginal rugby league players : maximising participation and minimising involvement c hallinan proceedings of the 25 thanniversary bicentennial conference & hellip ;  
geometric poisson density estimation of the number of software failures m sahinoglu ieee proc . 28th annual reliability spring seminar of the  
progressive multilevel meshes from octree particles y yemez f schmitt 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ; 1999.0 
discrete positive-real functions and their application to system stability l hitz bdo anderson proc . iee  
graphicacy wgv balchin geography  
up against authentic history : helping teachers make the most of primary source materials on-line b tally electronic learning  
b culshaw proc spie smart structures and materials g thursby b sorazu f dong d betz san diego  
a region based representation for image and video retrieval y deng  1999.0 
amord explicit control of reasoning j de kleer j doyle gl steele jr gj sussman acm sigart bulletin 1977.0 
superinfection and the evolution of parasite virulence ma nowak rm may proceedings : biological sciences 1994.0 
fuzzy functional dependencies and lossless join decomposition of fuzzy relational database systems k raju ak majumdar acm transactions on database systems 1988.0 
lie groups and algebraic groups al onishchik eb vinberg  1990.0 
normal forms and relational database operators r fagin   
effect of dose on the pharmacokinetics of intravenous nicotine in the rat rp miller ks rotenberg j adir   
autofocus : a tool for automatic traffic analysis c estan g varghese proceedings of acm sigcomm  
hollis dp fenselau c. lane rb guchhait se polakis md  
a new perspective on rule support for object-oriented databases e anwar l maugis s chakravarthy   
designing the user interface ( videotape ) university of maryland at college park college park b shneiderman md  
use of synthesized speech in automated computer interviews l lenert d michaelson m bergen m parineh technical report 3 stanford university stanford center for the  
moral social and civic issues . teacher 's resources . ph porterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
parallel systems specitications with coloured petri nets and algebraic specifications j vautherin lecture notes in computer science 1986.0 
awards to individuals rj menges new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
relationship of gender to agricultural awareness and interest among rural middle school youth : ca conroy kd kelsey & hellip ; education research meeting conference proceedings  
sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles of database systems acm pods sigmod acm sigmod conference on the management of  
rational norm creation : a recursive model of normative systems and agents in g boella l van der torre procs . of  
casdal : cassm 's data language syw su a emam acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
differential geometry : manifolds curves and surfaces m berger b gostiaux  1987.0 
nonlinear fiber optics 2nd edn academic press g agrawal san diego  
the beauty of the-calculus f kamareddine rp nederpelt to  
pocket pc joins the pda/phone parade b brown m brown pc  
efficient variants of the icp algorithm s rusinkiewicz m levoy   
memory consistency and event ordering in scalable shared-memory multiprocessors in proceedmgs of the k gharachorloo d lenoski j laudon p gibbons a seattle washington june  
r. erbe j. guenauer v. lum p. pistor and g. walch . a dbms prototype to support extended nf 2 p dadam k kuespert f anderson h blanken proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
persistent threads f matthes jw schmidt proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
theorizing adult development mc clark rs caffarella new directions for adult and continuing education 1999.0 
functional of averaged density : application for estimation of probability density function y tikunov a kel  2004.0 
grizzly bear predation on elk calves and other fauna of yellowstone national park ka gunther ra renkin international conference on bear research and management  
space weather : hazard to earth f jansen r pirjola & hellip ; publishing swiss reinsurance company zurich switzerland  
a proof of lotheâ ?? s theorem lm brown phil . mag  
a multidimensional model of venture growth jr baum ea locke kg smith   
flux and sources of nutrients in the mississippi-atchafalaya river basin : topic 3 report for the da goolsby wa battaglin gb lawrence rs artz bt   
text-based content search and retrieval in ad-hoc p2p communities fm cuenca-acuna td nguyen lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
detection of stationary and dynamic space substratum p tewari borderland sciences congress santa barbara california & hellip ;  
pharmaceutical press ; 2004 k payne   
transnational retail in emerging markets : insights from tescoâ ?? s experience in east asia n wrigley a currah & hellip ; annual conference of association of american geographers & hellip ;  
linear hashing for distributed les acm sigmod int w litwin ma neimat das lh conf . on management of data washington dc  
glu zm ozsoyo glu and v. matos . extending relational algebra and relational calculus with set - g ozsoyo acm transactions on database systems  
the relationship between theories about groups and adult learning groups s imel ej tisdell new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
692 except as modified herein d astm at  
sacramental imagery in two stories by isak dinesen a gossman wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
language design as design fp brooks jr history of programming languages ii . new york and reading & hellip ;  
graduate programs in schools of education : facing tomorrow today . bl schneider new directions for higher education 1984.0 
underage drinking and access to alcohol : purchase e citations md 2004.0 
imagery context availability contextual constraint and abstractness k wiemer-hastings j krug x xu   
wolfe-dietrich and anoop gupta . \ \ splash : stanford parallel applications for shared-memory '' jp singh technical report csl-tr-92-526 stanford university computer  
tiny bubbles '' s leroy  1997.0 
a normal form for relational databases that is based on domains and keys r fagin acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
winter water quality in lakes and streams dj calkins gd ashton water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
m. { a. neimat da schneider : lh * | linear hashing for distributed files w litwin proc . acm sigmod conference on the management of data  
biological properties of spinosad bl bret ll larson jr schoonover tc sparks gd down to earth  
social networks and the performance of individuals and groups rt sparrowe rc liden sj wayne ml kraimer   
a general perspective on nomad-sedentary relations in the middle east f barth see ref  
interleukin-6 family of cytokines and gp130 t kishimoto s akira m narazaki t taga blood-new york - 1995.0 
telecommuters and work groups : a communication network analysis f belanger   
feeding africa 's urban poor : urban and peri-urban horticulture in kano nigeria t binns n fereday   
modelling temporal thematic map contents e pourabbas sigmod record 2003.0 
test equating mj kolen rl brennan  1995.0 
a model for circadian oscillations in the drosophila period protein ( per ) a goldbeter proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
adding semantic annotation to the penn treebank p kingsbury m palmer m marcus   
spatial data mining : a database approach m ester hp kriegel j sander lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
a taxonomy for object-oriented secure databases m olivier s von solms acm tods  
updating relational databases through weak instance interfaces p atzeni r torlone acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
data mining on large graphs c palmer p gibbons c faloutsos proc . acm intl. conf . on sigkdd  
cospan rh hardin z har ` el rp kurshan lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
improved method of ga 's non-efficiency operation h yu-sheng h sheng-lian h guo-si proceedings of the 3rd worl d congress on intelligent  
queries in the odmg type systems s alagãc acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
querying aggregate data s grumbach m rafanelli l tininini proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst 1999.0 
sss : â ?? a knowledge-based approach to resource scheduling in an f-16 fighter training unit.â ?? term f evren middle east technical university  
cooperative object buffer management in the advanced information prototype k kã 1/4 spert p dadam j gã 1/4 nauer proc .  
evidence for widespread wolbachia infection in isopod crustaceans : molecular identification and host d bouchon t rigaud p juchault proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
cats : a student 's gateway to better learning m steadman m svinicki new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
the role of membrane skeleton in formation of the irreversibly sickled cell : a review sr goodman cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
multiple myeloma : increasing evidence for a multistep transformation process m hallek pl bergsagel kc anderson blood-new york - 1998.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?multiple - view self-maintenance in data warehousing environmentsã cents â ? ¬ â ? n huyn proc . 23rd vldb  
fire history of mixed-conifer forests on the north rim grand canyon national park arizona jj wolf physical geography 1998.0 
biomembrane perturbation induced by xenobiotics in model and living systems e bertoli a ambrosini g zolese r gabbianelli d   
developing mathematical thinking in chinese kindergarten children : the case of addition and z zhou j lin international journal of educational policy research and & hellip ;  
use of lexical conceptual structure for intelligent tutoring university of maryland at college park b dorr j hendler s blanksteen b migdalof md  
querying video data r hjelsvold rm modeling proceedings of the international conference on very large  
breakdown of local equivalence between sparse solution and 1 minimization y tsaig dl donoho technical report department of statistics stanford university  
observing ants : tracking and analyzing the behavior of live insect colonies t balch z khan m veloso agents ( agentsâ ?? 01 ) . montreal canada . june  
the university of delft geotechnical centrifuge hgb allersma proc . int . conf  
a short study on the success of the gene ontology m bada r stevens c goble y gil m ashburner ja journal of web semantics 2004.0 
distribution issues in the design and implementation of a virtual market place h yigal f christian computer networks  
dynamic service matchmaking among agents in open information environments k sycara m klusch s widoff j lu sigmod record 1999.0 
agents for integrated tutoring in spoken dialogue systems j hakulinen m turunen ep salonen   
using skin conductivity to detect emotionally significant events in human-computer interaction rd ward ph marsden b cahill c johnson procs ihm-hci2001 ii  
application of field triage guidelines by prehospital personnel : is mechanism of injury a valid m cooper d yarbrough l zone-smith journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
phylip ( phylogeny inference pakage ) version 3.5 c : general information manual j felsenstein university of washington seattle washington  
personality resemblances between unwed mothers and their adopted-away offspring jc loehlin l willerman jm horn journal of personality and social psychology 1982.0 
shape recovery and analysis of large screw threads c robertson rb fisher   
strict concurrency and nondeterministic control of discrete event systems y li   
â ?? the ultra-micrometer ; an application of the thermionic valve to the measurement of very small r whiddington phil . mag  
the middle west jf hart geography 1962.0 
reurbanization uneven urban development and the debate on new urban forms ls bourne urban geography  
gamma-a high performance backend database machine d dewittâ ? ¦ proc . 12th conf . very large data  
sparse correlation kernel based signal reconstruction c papageorgiou f girosi t poggio technical report 1635 artificial intelligence laboratory  
the role of smears cultures and antibiotic sensitivity testing in the management of suspected s mcleod a kolahdouz-isfahani k rostamian journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
automatic dialog act segmentation and classification in multiparty meetings j ang y liu e shriberg   
the geography of disadvantage in rural scotland b home j home lof journals em alerts s index   
cooperative extension as community education developer . dw price new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
performance demonstration of a fast-tunable transmitter and burst-mode packet receiver for hornet k shrikhande im white ms rogge ft an a   
rigorous specification using structured systems analysis and z kc mander f polack information and software technology 1995.0 
on the division of space with minimum partitional area l kelvin w thomson phil . mag  
the propagation of radio waves over a finitely conducting spherical earth b van der pol h bremmer phil . mag  
lod * : an odmg based c++ database programming language with class-separation support es cho hj kim information and software technology  
isomo loruko : the yoruba naming ceremony . middle level learning . p kafi a singer social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
reduction of no x smoke and brake specific fuel consumption with optimal injection timing and jw park ky huh jh lee proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
semantic relations : the key to integrating and query processing in heterogeneous databases n rishe ri athauda j yuan sc chen   
th & tibshirani r. ( 1998 ) . additive logistic regression : a statistical view of boosting j friedman technical report department of statistics stanford  
interconnected automata and linear systems : a theoretical framework in discrete time ed sontag lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
mining for purity dependencies in databases d simovici d cristofor l cristofor   
new results on an electropneumatic active seat suspension system gj stein proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2000.0 
interrelatedness of prrs virus isolates in north america mp murtaugh ks faaberg s yuan v kapur proceedings of the allen d. leman conference minneapolis & hellip ;  
simulation of packet communication architecture computer systems . rep re bryant mit/lcs/tr -188 mit laboratory for computer science  
learning addition and subtraction : effects of number words and other cultural tools kc fuson y kwon pathways to number  
approximating a point process by a renewal process : the view through a queue an indirect approach w whitt management science 1981.0 
nucleic acids res pk weckâ ? ¦   
entropy of the sum of independent bernoulli random variables and of the multinoial distribution la shepp i olkin technical report 131 department of statistics stanford  
the multidimensional database system rasdaman p baumann a dehmel p furtado r ritsch n   
m. and widoff s. : dynamic service matchmaking among agents in open information environments k sycara k lu journal acm sigmod record special issue on semantic  
disulfido metal carbonyl complexes containing manganese . rd adams os kwon s miao acc . chem . res 2005.0 
geranylgeranylacetone induces heat shock protein-73 in rat small intestine t tsuruma a yagihashi s koide j araya k tarumi transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
difference equations re mickens   
new design methods for modified reference adaptive control for nonminimum phase systems with j lu y yahai proceedings of the iee d. control theory and applications  
bladder training for urinary incontinence in adults sa wallace b roe k williams m palmer cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
fire history of the pinyon-juniper woodlands of great basin national park . usdi national park ge gruell le eddleman r jaindl pacific northwest region seattle washington  
analysis of the clustering properties of hilbert space-filling curve university of maryland at b moon hv jagadish c faloutsos jh saltz md  
on-line service adaptation for mobile and fixed terminal devices proc . of the 2nd int j korva j plomp p mã $ ã $ ttã $ m metso conf . on mobile data management ( mdm 2001 ) hong kong  
evolutionary learning of a fuzzy control rule base for an autonomous vehicle f homann g pster   
nist net-a linux-based network emulation tool m carson d santay   
the indiana center for database systems j copler acm sigmod record 1991.0 
common object file format specification 4.1 p executable  1994.0 
combining trust region and line search techniques j nocedal y yuan   
fuzzy queries in multimedia database systems r fagin   
pleistocene phylogeographic effects on avian populations and the speciation process jc avise d walker proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
random field models in earth sciences : academic press g christakos san diego ca  
the public image of a small college . r ashby new directions for higher education 1983.0 
report of thematic study d. planning and management processes : sectoral and territorial cooperation s humphrey p burbridge european demonstration programme on integrated coastal zone & hellip ;  
the powder metallurgy of rare earth -- cobalt permanent magnets cv sundaram ts krishnan powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ; 1980.0 
topological analysis of peripherin/rds & abnormal glycosylation of the pathogenic p216l mutation . jdj wrigley cl nevett jbc findlay   
an association study between the catchol-o-methyltransferase polymorphism and hypnotizability p lichtenberg r bachner-melman i gritsenko rp submitted for publication  
an algorithm for concurrency control and recovery in replicated distributed pa bernstein n goodman acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 
spatial data mining : database primitives algorithms and efficient dbms support m ester a frommelt hp kriegel j sander data mining and knowledge discovery 2000.0 
combined lh and ecrh waves injection in ftu tokamak g granucciâ ? ¦ proc . 28th eps conf . on control . fusion and plasma phys . ( & hellip ;  
hatâ ® eld md linnik rh zobrist md  
multivariable curve interpolation j ferguson journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1964.0 
incremental view maintenance in extended relational databases jv harrison information and software technology 1995.0 
coss : the common object services specifications be martin proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
the stress concentration in a cylindrical shell with an elliptical cutout o tingleff technical university of  
disconjugacy wa coppel  1971.0 
fluid flow around a bluff body used for a karman vortex flowmeter t igarashi proc . int . symp . fluid control meas  
investigations on gaba b receptor-mediated autoinhibition of gaba release pa baumann p wicki c stierlin pc waldmeier naunyn-schmiedeberg &#39; s archives of pharmacology 1990.0 
passive optical network planning in local access networks-an optimisation approach utilizing genetic h paul j tindle bt technology journal 1996.0 
distributed virtual environments and vrml : an event-based architecture m wray r hawkes www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
evolution of reproductive systems in the genus silene c desfeux s maurice jp henry b lejeune ph proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
single iterative algorithm with global feedback for integrated system optimisation and parameter z amini j lin pd roberts   
consumer product safety commission bethesda ma babich ta thomas md  
linear hashing : a new tool for le and table addressing w litwin proceedings of the international conference on very large  
doubly distorted mirrors cu orji ja solworth proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
spanish migration : economic causes grave social consequences r bradshaw geography  
crash recovery in quickstore c shi   
incremental maintenance of multi-source views g moro   
major uses of psychopharmacology in the emergency department ca glod journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
direct spatial search on pictorial databases using packed r-trees n roussopoulos d leifker   
remote assessment of ocean color for interpretation of satellite visible imagery : a review hr gordon ay morel  1983.0 
earthquake vulnerability in the middle east mr degg j homan geography  
increasing capacity and decreasing dealy through mobility in ad-hoc networks r moraes h sadjadpour j garcia-luna-aceves submitted for  
e-learning evangelists lj goff computerworld  
the agrifood industry in eastern europe agrifood east and west c juran conf . procs  
ã?bungstypologie zum kommunikativen deutschunterricht langenscheidt mã 1/4 nchen 1996 g neuner m krã?ger u grewer   
a prototype content-based retrieval system that uses virtual images to save space l brown proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
evolutionary market equilibrium in bertrand and cournot settings cz qin c stuart   
functional morphology of the mouthparts of varroa jacobsoni and tropilaelaps clareae as a basis for da griffiths see ref  
personal life stories : a strategy for empowerment . lj mckinney pg fry social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
methoden der mathematischen physik . springer berlin 1931 r courant d hilbert vol .  
extendible hashing : a fast access method for dynamic les r fagin j nievergelt n pippenger r strong acm transactions on database systems  
survey of virtual machine research rp goldberg ieee computer  
best practices in providing nontraditional students with both academic and financial support nk hart new directions for higher education 2003.0 
on completeness of historical query languages j clifford a croker a tuzhilin acm transactions on database systems  
increasing immunizations among latino and african-american preschool children in los angeles d wood c sherbourne immunization demonstration project cedar-sinai medical & hellip ;  
automatic segmentation of text into structured records vr borkar k deshmukh s sarawagi sigmod conference 2001.0 
anisotropic diffusion of surface normals for feature preserving surface reconstruction t tasdizen r whitaker   
a finctiontrl progrumming approach to deduclivc daruhascs a poulovassilis c small proc . 17lh vldb confcrcncc  
preservice teachersâ ?? development of science activities through a vee heuristic www-based peer cc tsai ssj lin sm yuan submitted for publication  
second-order semantic web t margaria b steffen   
recursive star-tree parallel data-structure university of maryland at college park college park o berkman u vishkin md  
tã 1/4 rkiye jeolojisine genel bir bakis i ketin istanbul technical university publication  
the workings of win : a field observation study of three local offices sb levy  1981.0 
force control of one degree-of-freedom manipulators using fuzzy impedance models k watanabe t ohtsubo procs . of the 15th sice kyushu branch annual conference  
the ins and outs ( and everything in between ) of data warehousing d schneider p fernandez sigmod record 1996.0 
incremental cluster for mining in a data warehousing environment m ester h kriegel j sander m wimmer x xu proc . of 24 thintâ ?? l conf . of vldb  
dimorphism ah romano see ref  
video segmentation combining similarity analysis and classification m cooper   
greek mythology k servi e atzemi  1998.0 
database graph views : a practical model to manage persistent graphs a gutierrez p pucheral h steffen jm thevenin proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
technology transfer and the university gw matkin  1990.0 
blue-green algae dw krogmann see ref  
combining edges and points for interactive anti-aliased rendering k bala b walter d greenberg   
database research at la trobe university j zeleznikow sigmod record 1992.0 
prediction of intron splice sites in arabidopsis thaliana by combining local and global sequence s hebsgaard p korning j engelbrecht p rouze s  1996.0 
the sequouia 2000 storage benchmark m stonebraker j frew j dozier proceedings of acm sigmod conference on the management of  
elsevier health sciences v querciali pwmp supplies   
assessment of the memorial student center staff on high performance leadership characteristics lpc instrument  2001.0 
parametric curve fitting for feedback-driven query result-size estimation a konig gwc histograms proc . 25th vldb  
towards a spatial query language : user interface considerations mj egenhofer au frank vldb 1988.0 
parallel r-trees i kamel c faloutsos proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data 1992.0 
infanticide risk and the evolution of male-female association in primates cp van schaik pm kappeler proceedings : biological sciences 1997.0 
component-based user-constructed multiple-view visualization c north b shneiderman   
linear hashing : a new tool for file and table addressing w litwin vldb 1980.0 
cooperative transaction hierarchies : a transaction model to support design applications mh nodine sb zdonik vldb 1990.0 
competitve strategy m porter new york  
dynamics of discrete quantum nonlinear schroedinger equations ( abstract only ) r lohikoski e viitala j timonen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
multipotential nestin-positive stem cells isolated from adult pancreatic islets differentiate ex h zulewski ej abraham mj gerlach pb daniel w diabetes-new york - 2001.0 
enabling wide-area replication of database services with continuous consistency k walsh a vahdat j yang unpublished  
store more spend less : mid-range options around nb maginnis computerworld  
student life and development jm javinar new directions for higher education 2000.0 
a pattern-based object calculus n kamel p wu syw su the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
environmental influences on groups pb paulus d nagar see paulus  
exploring shopping behaviour amongst primary customers : patterns in store loyalty and expenditure t denison s knox proceedings of the 23rd emac conference maastricht the & hellip ;  
banking information systems v shmerko s yanushkevich technical university of  
voronkov a. [ 1998 ] complexity of nonrecursive logic programs with complex values in ã cents â ? ¬ podsã cents â ? ¬ s vorobyov acm press seattle  
executable specifications of c++ classes s kamin t kraus submitted for publication  
for dynamic files r fagin ehafa mechanism acm tods  
fruit thinning of florida mandarins using plant growth regulators ta wheaton proc . int . soc . citriculture  
s 1951 rs leigh phil . mag  
globalization and urban change pl knox urban geography 1996.0 
technical correspondence s design acm transactions on database systems 1963.0 
discrete probability density estimation using multirate dsp models pp vaidyanathan bj yoon   
triple-helical nucleic acids vn soyfer vn potaman  1995.0 
feep thruster performance at high back-ground pressure a genovese s marcuccio m andrenucci   
enactement and emergence in the dramaturgy of artificial life r ascott proceedings of the sixth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
combining linguistics with statistics for multiword term extraction : a fruitful association g dias s guillorã © jc bassano jgp lopes proceedings of recherche dâ ?? informations assistee par & hellip ;  
the usc * pack pc programs for planning monitoring and adjusting drug dosage regimens rw jelliffe dz d'argenio a schumitzky l hu m proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association & hellip ;  
full text pdf format pdf ( 1.61 mb ) source history of programming languages archive te kurtz history of programming languages 1978.0 
optimal setting for discrete pid controllers km vu iee proceedings-d 1992.0 
a time delay neural network algorithm for real-time pedestrian detection c wohler jk aulaf t portner u franke procs . ieee intelligent vehicles  
developing the access network pw france dm spirit s whitt bt technology journal 1998.0 
building editing skills : putting students at the center of the editing process r murie new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
temperature and life h precht  1973.0 
play in cultural contexts = mang kultuurikontekstis . a saar p hakkarainenâ ? ¦ & hellip ; university of social and educational sciences . proceedings 1998.0 
spectrin ubiquitination and oxidative stress : potential roles in blood and neurological disorders j sangerman d kakhniashvili a brown a shartava   
effect of pharmacological agents on endoeytosis and coendocytosis oflge by rat basophilic leukemia k furuichi j rivera c isersky  1985.0 
the r-tree : anef cientandrobust access method for points and rectangles n beckmann hp kriegel r schneider b seeger proc . of the acm sigmod conf  
adaptive importance sampling technique for markov chains using stochastic approximation tpi ahamed vs borkar submitted for publication 2004.0 
new therapeutic approaches to sickle cell disease : targeting rbc membrane oxidative damage sr goodman bs pace a shartava cellular and molecular biology letters 1998.0 
thresholding estimators for inverse problems and deconvolutions j kalifa sg mallat unpublished manuscript  
lh * s : a high-availability and high-security scalable distributed data structure w litwin ma neimat   
bernoulli numbers homotopy groups and a theorem of rohlin m kervaire j milnor proc . int . congress edinborough  
life tasks self-concept ideals and cognitive strategies in a life transition n cantor jk norem pm niedenthal ca langston am journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
on an algebra for historical databases : two views j clifford ds tansel proc . acm sigmod conf  
application of newtonâ ?? s identities to a generalized birthday problem and to the poisson binomial c stein technical report 354 dept. statistics stanford university  
â ?? comparison of erosion rates of carbon-carbon and molybdenum ion optics js meserole de hedges proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion  
the health of poor urban women : findings from the project on devolution and urban change df polit as london jm martinez   
querying multi-dimensional data indexed using the hilbert space-filling curve jk lawder sigmod record 2001.0 
a new fast algorithm for automatic segmentation of continuous speech i gholampour k nayebi proceedings of  
a temporal relational algebra as basis for temporal relational completeness a tuzhilin j clifford vldb 1990.0 
face identification by fitting a 3d morphable model using linear shape and texture error functions s romdhani v blanz t vetter lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
approximating total flow time with preemption s leonardi d raz proc . of the 29th annual acm symposium on theory of  
regional creative destruction : production organization globalization and the economic r florida economic geography 1996.0 
indexing mobile objects using dual transformations g kollios d papadopoulos d gunopulos vj tsotras the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
project office : a route to better performance k melymuka computerworld  
quantum groups and the yang-baxter equation m jimbo to  
estimating the quality of functional programs : an empirical investigation r harrison lg samaraweera mr dobie ph lewis information and software technology 1995.0 
vectorization for simd architectures with alignment constraints ae eichenberger   
international migration and the politics of admission and exclusion in postwar europe h leitner political geography 1995.0 
partial order reductions preserving simulations w penczek submitted for publication 1999.0 
the information center : fast relief from programming backlog t dotson computerworld  
print issn : 0004-0894 online issn : 1475-4762 frequency : quarterly current volume : 36 isi journal b home j home lof journals em alerts s index   
inoue : â ?? implementation of relevance feedback for content-based music retrieval based on user z hoashi proceedings of acm-sigir  
automatic text segmentation for extracting structured records vr borkar k deshmukh s sarawagi proc . acm sigmod international conf . on management of  
performance analysis of optical cdma with prime codes gc yang wc kwong  1995.0 
phylip : phylogenetic inference program version 3 j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
kaleidoscope data model for an english-like query language sk cha g wiederhold vldb 1991.0 
incoherent optical correlators ma monahan k bromley rp bocker ieee proceedings 1977.0 
technological transfer and adaptation by multinationals ' and foreign joint venture 's operations in rv sannassee r pearce   
the potential impact of the reperfusion injury on acute and chronic rejection events following organ w land transplantation proceedings 1994.0 
using a template for a summarizing assessment of the teachers academy for mathematics and science b brett new directions for program evaluation 1996.0 
splitstream : high-bandwidth content distribution in cooperative environments m castro p druschel am kermarrec a nandi a lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
a case study of river falls high school students enrolled in spanish iii and iv r white   
a virtual memory mapped network interface for shrimp multiprocessor m blumrich k li r alpert c dubniki e felten j proc . 21st int . symp . on computer architecture  
moral identity and the expanding circle of moral regard toward out-groups a reed kf aquino journal of personality and social psychology 2003.0 
consumer behaviour jf engel rd blackwell pw miniard new york  
combining exploration and contol in reinforcement learning : the convergence of sarsa ml littman unpublished manuscript . available through url http://www . cs & hellip ; 1996.0 
transformation methods for nonpianar process simulation k wimmer i bauer s halamna g hobler s proceedings sisdep . ( zurich switzerland )  
modelling and querying video data r hjelsvold r midtstraum vldb 1994.0 
quantum walks on the hypercube c moore a russell lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
better stories and better constructs : the case for rigor and comparative logic km eisenhardt the academy of management review 1991.0 
1989 fast sparse matrix factorization on modern workstations ' e rothberg a gupta technical report stan-cs-89-1286 stanford university stanford  
the surface impedance-a pertinent parameter to describe finite conductivity materials in numerical v gobin jp aparicio j grando jc alliot & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatibility zurich switzerland mar. & hellip ; 1991.0 
a theoretical model of behavioural addictions : applied to offending rif brown addicted to crime  
requirements of i/o systems for parallel machines : an application-driven study university of m uysal a acharya j saltz md  
a persistent rescheduled-page cache for low-overhead object code compatibility t conte s sathaye s banerjia proc . of the 29th symposium on microarchitecture  
stopped random walks : limit theorems and applications a gut  1988.0 
discrete reflection groups in lobachevsky spaces eb vinberg proc . int . congr . math. warszawa  
long-term results of epikeratoplasty for keratoconus sg waller rf steinert md wagoner cornea-new york - 1995.0 
keo-ladeo national park ecology study summary report 1980-1985 s ah vs vijayan bombay natural history society report bom-bay india  
dbrs : a density-based spatial clustering method with random sampling x wang hj hamilton lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
horward . a complete axiomatization for functional and multivalued dependencies in database relations c beeri r fagin h john proceedings of the 1977 acm sigmod international conference  
calibration of incident detection algorithms for operational use j arceneaux j smith a dunnett h payne & hellip ; foundation conference â ?? santa barbara california  
faster is better : a business case for subsecond response time d smith computerworld  
appraisals of emotion-eliciting events : testing a theory of discrete emotions ij roseman ms spindel pe jose journal of personality and social psychology  
indexing spatio-temporal archives m hadjieleftheriou g kollios vj tsotras d vldb journal 2005.0 
child laborers in children 's literature . middle level learning . ll lamme social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
thermophilic microorganisms and life at high temperatures td brock  1978.0 
experiments in store fi'agmentation b steensgaard technical report microsoft research 1995 . in  
observation of growth of cadmium iodine from aqueous solution aj forty phil . mag  
speeding a query optimizer : the pilot pass approach a rosenthal u dayal d reiner unpublished  
what might evolutionary algorithms ( ea ) and multi-objective optimisation ( moo ) contribute to l poladian ls jermiin & hellip ; and evolutionary computation conference seattle washington 2004.0 
an efficient approach for approximating multi-dimensional range queries and nearest neighbor c domeniconi d gunopulos   
providing guaranteed quality of service for interactive visualization applications ( poster session ) wmr wong rr muntz proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;  
their application to the computation of md fft r bernardini gm cortelazzo ga mian ur graphs   
determination of rare earth elements in bauxite by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission dk das p roychowdhury at . spectrosc. 1997.0 
on biorthogonal-like sequences for generalized discrete gabor expansion of discrete-time signals jm morris y lu submitted for  
olympic records for data at the 1998 nagano games er lassettre   
sec. 2-102 ( unless the context otherwise requires this article applies to transactions in goods ... . ucc see   
shock waves and entropy pd lax contributions to nonlinear functional analysis  
z. kristallogr . 111 142 . frx ~ - k fc ( 1951 ) vg bhide ar verma phil . mag  
dennis patrick cantwell jb grossman md  
re-engineering slammed j king computerworld  
calculation of the flow of a viscous compressible fluid around an obstacle of parabolic shape r peyret h viviand & hellip ; . into english from proceedings of 3 d intern . conf . on & hellip ; 1975.0 
genetic conflicts in genomic imprinting a burt r trivers proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
selectivity estimators for multidimensional range queries over real attributes d gunopulos g kollios vj tsotras c domeniconi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
squeal : a structured query language for the web e spertus la stein www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
a linear-time algorithm for a special case of disjoint set union hn gabow re tarjan proceedings of the fifteenth annual acm symposium on theory & hellip ; 1983.0 
similarity searching in large image database university of maryland at college park college park egm petrakis c faloutsos md  
a random perturbation method for ic yield optimization with deterministic process parameters ma styblinski lj opalski proc . int . symp . circuits  
diffraction and transmission of a detonation into a bounding explosive layer jc liu jj liou m sichel cw kauffman ja proc of the 21st int symp on combustion the combustion & hellip ;  
temporal query processing and optimization in multiprocessor database machines rr muntz   
yu . i. matyunin and tv smelova â ?? induction melting in a cold crucible for mobilizing plutonium - vv kushnikov at .  
direct spatial search on pictorial databases using packed r-trees nrd leifker proceedings of the acm sigmod  
zusammenfassende darstebbung zum verstã $ ndnis des gleichnisses dg vom verlorenen sohnâ ?? eine   
data storage technology s setia o frieder d grossman   
oracle media server : providing consumer based interactive access to multimedia data a laursen j olkin m porter sigmod conference 1994.0 
construction of specific mutations in photosystemii photosynthetic reaction center by genetic jgk williams  1988.0 
bear management in yellowstone national park 1960â ?? 93 ka gunther international conference on bear research and management  
refinement theories in resolution theory d luckham symposium on automatic demonstration lecture notes in math .  
data bubbles : quality preserving performance boosting m breuning hp kriegel p krã ¶ ger j sander proc . acm sigmod  
low temperature diamond growth using halogenated hydrocarbons i schmidt f hentschel c benndorf submitted for publication  
plz : a family of system programming languages for microprocessors c bass ieee computer  
an alternative solution to the observation pattern problem k nguyen t dillon   
annual stats pack pf magazine seattle  
report on the workshop on metadata management in grid and peer-to-peer systems london december 16 k keenoy a poulovassilis v christophides g acm sigmod record 2004.0 
barrier agents for preventing adhesions after surgery for subfertility c farquhar p vandekerckhove a watson a vail d cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
characteristic polynomial assignment in 2-dimensional discrete systems p agathoklis   
protocol analysis using numerical petri nets gr wheeler mc wilbur-ham j billington ja lecture notes in computer science 1985.0 
density biased sampling : an improved method for data mining and clustering cr palmer sigmod conference 2000.0 
gradient matrices and matrix calculations ma as651 fc schweppe technical report mit lincoln laboratory lexington  
immunosuppressive effects of the morpholinoethyl ester of mycophenolic acid ( rs-61443 ) in rat and re morris j wang jr blum t flavin mp murphy transplant  
personal initiative at work : differences between east and west germany m frese w kring a soose j zempel the academy of management journal 1996.0 
th . von clarmann m. birk und g. wagner interconsistency checks of clono 2 retrievals from mipas-b h oelhaf g wetzel m hopfner f friedl-vallon n proc . int . radiation symposium  
streblonema ( phaeophyceae ) infection in the frond of cultivated undaria ( phaeophyceae ) t yoshida k akiyama proc . int . seaweed symp  
edge-based approach to mesh simplification k choo id yun su lee 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ; 1999.0 
multivariate dependencies and a new normal form for relational database r fagin acm tods  
schkolnick â ?? buffermanagementinrelationaldatabasesystems â ?? g msacoandm acm transactions on database systems  
internet streaming simd extensions s thakkar   
meadows : modeling emulation analysis of data of wireless sensors q luo lm ni b he h wu w xue proc . of the vldb workshop on data management for sensor & hellip ;  
familial true hermaphroditism : paternal and maternal transmission of true hermaphroditism ( 46 xx ) u kuhnle hp schwarz u lã ¶ hrs s stengel - human genetics 1993.0 
generalized toda chains in discrete time yb suris algebra i anal  
phylogeny of wolbachia in filarial nematodes c bandi tjc anderson c genchi ml blaxter proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
the leadership role of a dean cm fagin new directions for higher education 1997.0 
hydrogen sulfide concentrations around swine farms cl tengman rn goodwin jr bicudo procs . of the international symposium addressing animal & hellip ;  
research at alta'ir gip altgir sigmod record 1991.0 
statistical power analysis for behavioral sciences ( rev. ed . ) academic press j cohen san diego ca  
stochastic continuum presentation of fractured rock permeability as an alternative to rev and sp neuman proc . 28th us symposium on rock mechanics brookfield vt  
variable width splines : a possible font representation ? rv klassen   
comparative tolerance of adolescents of differing ethnic backgrounds to lactose containing and ph kwon m rorick ns scrimshaw unpublished  
organization and management of the evaluation function in a multilevel organization ma abramson js wholey new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
type-checking oql queries in the odmg type systems s alagic acm transactions on database systems 1999.0 
keynote address : access to data in nasa 's earth observing system j dozier proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
a novel variance estimator for turbo-code decoding mc reed j asenstorfer   
operative therapiemã ¶ glichkeiten des knorpelschadens ac burkart pb schoettle ab imhoff der unfallchirurg 2001.0 
yahoo! store . n randall pc  
emulation of ad-hoc networks on ieee 802.11 f kubinszky  2000.0 
effects of ethnic group cultural differences on cooperative and competitive behavior on a group task th cox sa lobel pl mcleod the academy of management journal 1991.0 
homing of black bears in the great smoky mountains national park le beeman mr pelton international conference on bear research and management  
sociocultural contexts of learning among adults with disabilities jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
oral treatment of carnitine myopathy gp hosking npc cavanagh dpl smyth j wilson lancet i 1977.0 
on the first-order expressibility of recursive queries ss cosmadakis proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1989.0 
a semantic approach to correctness of concurrent transaction executions a tuzhilin pg spirakis proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
induction motor fault detection via passive current monitoring gb kliman j stein proc . int . conf . electric machines  
young citizens : partners in classroom management d metzger social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
security of statistical databases : multidimensional transformation jan schlijrer u ulm w germany acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
numerical integration of bem singular integrals g criscuolo   
a cross-country investigation of the determinants of scope of e-commerce use : an institutional jl gibbs kl kraemer electronic markets 2004.0 
investigation of the crustal structure in western greece ( zakinthosâ ?? nw peloponessus area ) n voulgaris  1991.0 
the brain and consciousness : sources of information for understanding adult learning lh hill new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
long-term in-reactor corrosion of stainless steel cladding in liquid sodium bw jensen jw weber jw jost proceedings conference 25 th annual meeting of the & hellip ; 1979.0 
improving . net application performance and scalability . jd meier  2004.0 
n on-parumetric e & m & ion of relative risk r tibshirani  1982.0 
on ( he expressive power of logic progrumming languages with scis gm kupcr proc . acm pods  
the global access challenge rp searle arj cook dm spirit bt technology journal 1998.0 
a technique for rendering approximate solutions to physical problems uniformly valid mj lighthill phil . mag  
mode-select bits md md   
utilizing program execution flow statistics for deriving task migration decisions j gehring a reinefeld   
incremental generalization for mining in a data warehousing environment m ester r wittmann   
terminating the trellis of turbo codes in the same state sa barbulescu ss pietrobon  1995.0 
a dbms prototype to surt extended nf2-relations : an integrated view on at tables and hierarchies p dadam k kuspert f anderson h blanken r erbe proc . of acm/sigmod  
best practice fpga design for asic migration r modo electronic engineering 1998.0 
markovian decision processes with probabilistic observation of states jk satia re lave management science 1973.0 
macrocyclic polyether syntheses gw gokel sh korzeniowski  1982.0 
investigation of algebraic query optimisation for database programming languages a poulovassilis c small proceedings of the 20th intâ ?? l conference on very large  
fast computation of shadow boundaries using spatial coherenceand backprojections j stewart s ghali proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 94  
the k-way refinement tree partitioning method for adaptive grids wf mitchell   
toxic cyanobacteria in water i chorus  1999.0 
scientific olap for the biotech domain n huyn proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
a comparison of landsat multispectral scanner imagery and aerial photography for identifying land ek waller  1999.0 
data-driven design of rasta-like filters s van vuuren h hermansky   
multiple services on request : the university of missouri-kansas city 's metropolitan area schools dc martin new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
social utility and decision making in interpersonal contexts gf loewenstein l thompson mh bazerman journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
clustering with informative priors s vaithyanathan d gondek technical report ibm almaden research center  
evaluating the benefits of cache-affinity scheduling in shared-memory multiprsors j torrellas a tucker a oupta technical report stanford university july  
an analysis of short - medium-and long-term effects of ozone exposure on stomatal conductance of ne grulke & hellip ; d ( tech . comp . ) proceedings 19th international meeting for & hellip ;  
an illustrated flora of the northern united states and canada nl britton a brown   
boundary structure and curvature of convex bodies r schneider contributions to geometry  
numerically stable direct least squares fitting of ellipses r halir j flusser proc .  
geologic controls on distribution of hydrothermal vents on the superfast-spreading southern east jmh o & apos neill  1998.0 
diurnal variation in flight performance and hence potential predation risk in small birds nb metcalfe se ure proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
efficient factorization of linear ode 's f schwarz   
gf ( 4 ) - representations of bias matroids of signed graphs : the 3-connected case . s pagano   
identifying density-based local outliers mm bruenig hp kriegel rt ng j sander proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
automatic extraction of structured records from free text c veda s sarawagi   
perturbation analysis of optimization problems jf bonnans a shapiro  2000.0 
semantic query optlmlzatlon in expert systems and database systems eds 3984 326-341 epstein r us chakravarthy dh flshman j mlnker proc acm sigmod conference austin pp  
decadal variability in the composition of faroe shetland channel bottom water wr turrell g slesser rd adams r payne pa   
elektrische bodenstabilizierung fp jaecklin  1968.0 
report of the third banff conference on allograft pathology ( july 20-24 1995 ) on classification and k solez h benediktsson t cavallo b croker aj transplant proc 1996.0 
an analysis of errors and their causes in system programs a endres acm sigplan notices 1975.0 
educational development at a moderate-sized university . ar shucard new directions for higher education 1978.0 
proof planning with multiple strategies e melis a meier lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
modelling information preserving information databases : consequences of the concept of timeâ '' mr klopproge pc lockeman proc . 9th int . conf . on vldb florence italie  
machine learning and intelligent agents t panayiotopoulos nz zacharis   
griddb : a relational interface for the grid dt liu mj franklin d parekh proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2003.0 
algorithms for decoding turbo codes and ldpc codes j feldman d karger m wainright   
multiscale entropy for semantic description of images and signals jl starck f murtagh f bonnarel  2000.0 
quantum groups c de concini c procesi lecture notes in mathematics-springer verlag - 1993.0 
getting around the task-artifact cycle : how to make claims and design by scenario jm carroll mb rosson acm transactions on information systems ( tois ) 1992.0 
the relative importance of competition and contagion in intra-industry information transfers : an p laux lt starks   
generating test sequences from a set of mscs nh lee sd cha computer networks 2003.0 
offensive alliances in graphs o favaron g fricke w goddard sm hedetniemi st discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2004.0 
a logic level specification of the nqthm simplification process a coglio f giunchiglia p pecchiari c talcott   
life history correlates of responses to fisheries exploitation s jennings jd reynolds sc mills proceedings : biological sciences 1998.0 
erato - an onera-dlr cooperative programme on aeroacoustic rotor optimisation j prieur wr splettstoesser european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
report of investigation reference material 8414 bovine muscle powder . national institute of m ihnat md  
the det curve in assessment of detection task performance a martin g doddington t kamm m ordowski m   
metrics for performance evaluation of video object segmentation and tracking without ground-truth c erdem am tekalp b sankur   
k. & sarawagi s. ( 2001 ) . automatic segmentation of text into structured records vd borkar proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference  
the role of diuretic agents in the management of acute renal failure r venkataram ja kellum contributions to nephrology 2001.0 
algebraic tools for the performance evaluation of discrete event systems g cohen p moller jp quadrat m viot ieee proceedings 1989.0 
conductivity images of biological tissue phantoms using a 3.0 tesla mreit system ej woo sy lee jk seo o kwon sh oh bi lee   
stereochemistry of radical reactions vch weinheim 1996 ; mp sibi na porter dn curran acc . chem . res  
interatomic interactions in the local density approximation ( abstract only ) ap seitsonen mj puska rm nieminen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
video summarization by curve simplification d dementhon v kobla ds doermann   
lu ã ¯ ck r. 1995 s ritsch c beeli hu nissen phil .  
a new method for isolation of murine islets with markedly improved yields m liu me shapiro transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
agile manufacturing finds firmer ground ar earls computerworld  
automated discovery interaction and composition of web services k sycara m paolucci a ankolekar n srinivasan journal of web  
the indiana center for database systems l hall sigmod record 1991.0 
a framework for vacuuming temporal databases university of maryland at college park college park cs jensen l mark md  
life history characteristics of commercially important groundfish species off california oregon and ek pikitch fisheries research institute . seattle washington . fri-8907  
interpolation and contouring of discontinuous discrete data g reid  1997.0 
south dakota state university m ed ph. d. university of california santa  
surface modified liposomes by coating with charged hydrophilic molecules ml sagrista m mora ma de madariaga cellular and molecular biology  
computer supported cooperative work and groupware : a survey of systems and the behavioral and social j grudin s poltrock proceedings of acm  
process support to help novices design software faster and better ag cass lj osterweil proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
the uses of ecology : lake washington and beyond.â ?? university of washington press wt edmondson seattle washington  
differential games r issacs  1967.0 
trace refinement of action systems rjr back j von wright lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
new collapse consequences of np having small circuits j koebler o watanabe lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
automatically identifying reusable components in object-oriented legacy code lh etzkorn cg davis ieee computer  
a unified approach for hybrid control v borkar m branicky s mitter procs ieee decision and control conf. orlando dec  
making type inference practical n oxhj j palsberg mi schwartzbach   
iterative solution of large sparse systems of equations w hackbusch  1993.0 
synthesis of tchebycheff parameter symmetrical filters aj grossman proc . ire  
conceptualizing the scholarship of teaching and identifying unresolved issues : the framework for c kreber new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
about beamlab a toolbox for new multiscale methodologies cs choi dl donoho ag flesia x huo o levi d   
formation of rings in galactic discs by infalling small companions e athanassoula i puerari a bosma   
the role of simulation in developing game playing strategies rp jones dj thuente   
functional morphology of the forelimb joints in the wooly monkey lagothrix lagothricha lk ziemer contributions to primatology 1978.0 
extrapolation of damage test data to predict performance of large-area nif optics at 355 nm md feit am rubenchik mr kozlowski fy gã © nin s proc . spie 1999.0 
a new relaxation algorithm for the time optimal control problems of hybrid step motors rh brown y zhu x feng proc . 28th ieee conf decision contr. tampa fl dec  
the presidency of a small college . dc west new directions for higher education 1983.0 
the importance of being small h root unpublished manuscript  
restructuring a parallel simulation to improve cache behavior in a shared-memory multiprocessor : a dr cheriton ha goosen p machanick international symposium on shared memory multiprocessing  
a survey of research and develoment in distributed database systems jb rothnie n goodman proc . 3rd int . conf very large databases oct  
incidence and type of malignancies occurring after renal transplantation in conventionally and c hiesse f kriaa p rieu jr larue transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
speech intelligibility derived from exceedingly sparse spectral information s greenberg t arai r silipo   
beitrag zur kinetic thermischer zersetzungseaktionen ( thermoanalytische auswertung der zersetzung n eisenreich technical university of munich  
the nd-tree : a dynamic indexing technique for multidimensional non-ordered discrete data spaces g qian q zhu q xue s pramanik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
points-to analysis by type inference of programs with structures and unions b steensgaard lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
issues in international public data networking gr grossman aj hinchley ca sunshine computer networks  
the e ect of np definiteness on parsing attachment ambiguity j sedivy mj spivey-knowlton proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the north east & hellip ;  
long-term stress management . jl noel new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
on traceability and 2-factors in claw-free graphs d froncek z ryjacek   
model reduction of continuous-time systems using a modified routh approximation method cs hsieh c hwang & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1989.0 
supra note 19 at art. 12 ( 5 ) a charter   
partner selection in emerging and developed market contexts : resource-based and organizational ma hitt mt dacin e levitas jl arregle a borza   
type inference in the presence of overloading subtyping and recursive types acm lisp and s kaes acm press new  
mycophenolic acid and brequinar inhibitors of purine and pyrimidine synthesis block the ac allison wj kowalski cj muller rv watersâ ? ¦   
understanding the social process of rural-urban migration in bangladesh r kuhn unpublished manuscript  
transport and transformation of air pollutants from europe to east mediterranean region ( t-trapem ) g kallos v kotroni k lagouvardos m varinou m final report athens greece  
pacific coast clam fisheries td schink ka mcgraw kk chew  1983.0 
research in database engineering at the university of namur jl hainaut sigmod record 2003.0 
fuzzy logic in the flakey robot eh ruspini procs . of the int . conf . on fuzzy logic and neural networks  
garcia-luna-aceves jj . collision avoidance and resolution multiple access with transmission groups r garces proc acm  
discrete cosine transform : algorithms advantages applications kr rao p yip   
assessment of the phyto-and zooplankton investigations during the comsblack 1993 and the joint tu - u niermann a kä ± deyå ? middle east technical  
random walks and diffusion on fractals mt barlow proc . int . congress math . kyoto  
linear hashing for distributed files w litwin ma neimat d schneider acm-sigmod international conference on management of data  
fda us dhew rockville aac recommenda-tions md  
linear hashing : a new tool for le and table addressing . montreal canada 1980 w litwin proc . of  
simplification and reduction of cedl constrained expressions lk dillon  1986.0 
maximum likelihood source separation for discrete sources a belouchrani jf cardoso   
random oracles are practical m bellare p rogaway computer and communications security : proceedings of acm ccs  
computer simulation of a regional housing system dw sears proc . acm urban symposium  
livestock water quality g surber glci demonstration tour  
efficiency and completeness of the set of support strategy in theorem proving l wos ga robinson df carson journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1965.0 
interpretation of myoelectric power spectra : a model and its applications l lindstrom r magnusson proc . ieee  
final east lake sammamish basin and nonpoint action plan k county king county surface water management seattle washington  
random walks with reinforcement d coppersmith p diaconis unpublished manuscript  
boosting chaff 's performance by incorporating csp heuristics c ansotegui j larrubia f manya lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
learning grammatical constructions in a miniature language from narrated video events pf dominey   
test cases generation from uml state diagramsâ ?? software yg kim hs hong dh bae sd cha iee procsâ ?? page ( s )  
on-line processor scheduling for a class of iris ( increasing reward with increasing time ) real-time jk dey j kurose d towsley  1993.0 
liquid data for weblogic : integrating enterprise data and services v borkar proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
a snapshot differential refresh algorithm b lindsay lm haas c mohan h pirahesh   
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension v lure r dadam r erbe j guenauer p pistor g acm sigmod international conference on the management of  
r. gupta . 1996 . '' compiled communication for all-optical tdm networks x yuan r melhem proc . ieee/acm supercomputing pittsburgh  
hemostasis manual la harker  1970.0 
on arbitrariness in protocol conformance test generation university of maryland at college park d sidhu r vallurupalli md  
a taxonomy for secure object-oriented databases ms olivier sh von solms acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
efficient bootstrapping for semiparametric models bw brown wk newey unpublished manuscript  
a new perspective on rule support for object-oriented databases ea cm941 l maugis s chakravarthy proceedings international conference on management of  
learning from the buildings around us ck ducolon social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
bcip ( # 34042 pierce ) los nbt store  
consumable mathematics for software engineers mj lutz   
re-engineering focus slips j king computerworld  
normal forms and relational database opera-mrs r fagin proc . acm sigmod  
market orientation and organizational re-engineering during turbulent environmental transformation : h oosthuizen proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the european & hellip ;  
neuromuscular blocking agents in the emergency department ma rubin n sadovnikoff journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
a chemical approach for identifying o-glcnac-modified proteins in cells dj vocadlo hc hang ej kim ja hanover cr   
erc-economic research center middle east technical university at akarca a tansel nd gã 1/4 ngã ¶ r e akbostanci gi   
methods of mathematical physics ( interscience new york 1953 ) r courant d hilbert vol .  
whither video?â ?? pictorial culture and telepresence av lewis g cosier bt technology journal 1997.0 
spatio-temporal retrieval with rasdaman p baumann a dehmel p furtado r ritsch n proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
a survey for sodium potassium barium arsenic and selenium in canadian drinking water supplies ks subramanian jc mã © ranger at . spectrosc  
polymoprhism and type inferencein database programming . technicalreport universities of p buneman a ohori acm transaction on database  
fatal vascular catastrophe in ehlers-danlos syndrome : a case report and review pj wimmer ds howes dp rumoro m carbone journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
coalitions in the organizational context jl pearce wb stevenson lw porter see lewicki  
a mode analyzing algebraic simplification program ac hearn proc .  
the minnesota family investment program : three-year follow-up findings on child and family outcomes la gennetian c miller  2001.0 
picture quality improvement in mpeg-4 video coding using simple adaptive filter kk kwon ds lim proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
phylip manual j felsenstein university of washington seattle  
the boundary of subtropical zone in china q baojian geography  
numerical and experimental studies on adiabatic and nonadiabatic capillary tubes with hfc-134 a e dirik c inan my tanes proc int refrig conf 1994.0 
study to evaluate sensitivity analysis algorithms for low-cost structural design and optimisation r spence kj zimmermann  1977.0 
combining aggregate and survey data s ansolabehere rd rivers  1991.0 
extending logging for database snapshot refresh int b kahler o risnes conf on vldb brighton september  
on completeness query languages j clifford a croker a tuzhilin acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
sugar canes bt roach see ref  
rsim : simulating shared-memory multiprocessors with ilp processors cj hughes vs pai   
introduction to hilbert space pr halmos   
thermo-mechanical evolution of oceanic lithosphere : implications for the subduction process and deep s stein ca stein subduction top to bottom 1996.0 
the rialto virtual memory system rp draves g odinak sm cutshall   
design of algorithms for spatial-time reduction complexity of dynamic programming l moreno l acosta jl sanchez   
r-tree . an efficient and robust access method for points and rectangles hpk nobertbeckmann bs ralfschneider proceedings of the 1990 acm  
the abcs of small grant acquisition for social studies teachers . middle level learning . b sliger social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
the olympic games in ancient greece : ancient olympia and the olympic games n gialoures  1982.0 
director in your pocket : holistic help for the hapless home videographer b adams s venkatesh proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
influence of mass ratio and structural comparability on the severity of injuries sustained by the f hartemann jy foret-bruno c thomas c tarriere procs 23 rdstapp car crash  
the ferns and fern-allies of maryland and delaware including district of columbia . reed herbarium cf reed md  
a single nucleotide polymorphism at the splice donor site of the human myh base excision repair gene s yamaguchi k shinmura t saitoh s takenoshita genes to cells 2002.0 
ordering points to identify the clustering structure proc m ankerst mm breunig hp kriegel js optics acm  
yu . a. nikolaev et al. â ?? influence of neutron flux density on radiation embrittlement of vvã?r -440 va nikolaenko ea krasikov at .  
the epley ( canalith repositioning ) manoeuvre for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo m hilton d pinder cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
introductory combinatorics kp bogart   
a technique for rending approximate solutions to physical problems uniformly valid l mj phil . mag  
urban liveability : a review m pacione urban geography  
columbus and the exploration of the americas : ideas for thematic units in the elementary grades . ga levitt social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
frazzled ? letâ ?? s party k melymuka computerworld  
an adaptive skin model and its application to objectionable image filtering q zhu ct wu kt cheng yl wu proceedings of acm multimedia 2004.0 
dyslexia and anxiety : a relationship as strong as life ? td tsovili athens greece : elliniva grammata  
a comparison of selectivity estimators for range queries on metric attributes b blohsfeld d korus b seeger sigmod conference 1999.0 
grammatical functions and word order in combinatory grammar c bozsahin ms. middle east technical university  
avian physiology pd sturkie  1976.0 
when are two games the same ? j van benthem unpublished  
feiner . s. '' scope : automated generation of graphical interfaces . '' c beshers proc . acm  
dnre neg margins isbn  
the pathophysiology of tension pneumothorax in ventilated swine ed barton p rhee kc hutton p rosen journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
the evolution of lisp rp gabriel gl steele & hellip ; conference on the history of programming languages ii for  
on experiments with a transport protocol for pervasive computing environments s avancha v korolev a joshi t finin y yesha computer networks 2002.0 
implementing crash recovery in quickstore : a performance study dj dewitt sigmod conference 1995.0 
outerjoin simplification and reordering for query optimization a rosenthal  1997.0 
long-term course of alveolar echinococcosis in 70 patients treated by benzimidazole derivatives ( b mesarina-wicki & hellip ; dissertation . university of zurich zurich switzerland  
at al. analysis of low density parity check codes and improved designs using irregular graphs [ a ] mg luby m mitzenmacher proc acm symp  
brain computerized tomography after hyperbaric oxygen therapy for carbon monoxide poisoning . j pracyk b stolp c fife journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
acm sigplan history of programming languages conference pl/i language summary rf rosin history of programming languages 1978.0 
semexâ ?? an efficient music retrieval prototype k lemstrom s perttu proceedings ismir 2000.0 
chameleon : an extensible and customizable tool for web data translation r torlone p atzeni proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
disclosure from statistical databases : quantitative aspects of trackers jan schlijrer u ulm w germany acm transactions on database systems 1980.0 
biomechanics of the cardiovascular system bb sramek j valenta f klimes czech technical university  
june of 1999 ins mounted enforcement operation in the vanguard meat processing plant in nebraska ; i may   
history and purpose of arizona forfei ture under ars sections 13-4301 c holmes  1990.0 
a new approach to current density impedance imaging kf hasanov aw ma rs yoon ai nachman ml joy   
combining relational and network retrieval methods h chen smc kuck proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1984.0 
efficient updates to independent schemes in the weak instance model p atzeni r torlone proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1990.0 
influence of social motives on integrative negotiation : a meta-analytic review and test of two ck de dreu lr weingart s kwon journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
a surrogate concept for engineering databases a meier ra lorie vldb 1983.0 
consumerism consumption and a critical consumer education for adults ja sandlin new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
non-kekule molecules-theory practice and uses pm lahti a ichimura d modarelli m kearley  1988.0 
acute and chronic effect of insulin on leptin production in humans : studies in vivo and in vitro jw kolaczynski mr nyce rv considine g boden jj diabetes-new  
the effects of local spatial structure on epidemiological invasions mj keeling proceedings : biological sciences 1999.0 
improving object-oriented analysis g eckertâ ? ¦  1994.0 
a unified characterisation for shared multimedia cscw workspace designs nn kamel information & software technology 1999.0 
functional and dysfunctional impulsivity : personality and cognitive correlates sj dickman journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
recombinant factor viia concentrate versus plasma derived concentrates for the treatment of acute d hind m lloyd-jones m makris s paisley cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
business rules show power promise : viewed as an effective new way to identify rule thinking for a/d e gottesdiener application development trends 1997.0 
experimental comparison of multistage networks s konstantinidou e upfal ibm almaden research center report rj  
process control simulation research in monitoring analog and digital displays rh hanson dg payne r shively b kantowitz proceedings of the human factors society 25 thannual meeting  
sensor-based wireless network for smart developmental problem-solving environments m srivastava r muntz m potkonjak proc . acm mobicom  
lh * -- a scalable distributed data structure w litwin ma neimat da schneider acm transactions on database systems 1996.0 
distance-regular graphs related to uq ( sl ( 2 ) ) b curtin k nomura   
free-radical-mediated liver injury gl plaa see ref  
blood and serum group and other genetical characters of some endogamous muslim groups sma hakim  1971.0 
medisyn : a synthetic streaming media service workload generator w tang y fu l cherkasova a vahdat   
