on a stochastic optimization algorithm using ipa which updates after every customer ekp chong   pj ramadge proc . 28th allerton conf . on communication   control   and & hellip ;    
stevens ce   harley ej   zang ea   oleszko wr   william dc   et al w szmuness hepatitis b vaccine : demonstration of efficacy in a & hellip ;    
transputer implementation of kalman filters lp maguire   gw irwin    
genera crustaceorum et insectorum pa latreille tomus i    
address compression through base register caching a park   m farrens   
report on the 18th british national conference on databases ( bncod ) c goble   b read sigmod record   2002.0 
traces of the spirit : the religious dimensions of popular music 1998.0 r sylvan   
a selection combining scheme for rake receivers n kong    
implicit stereotyping in person judgment 1993.0 mr banaji   c hardin   aj rothman journal of personality and social psychology    
the highly conserved dad1 protein involved in apoptosis is required for n-linked glycosylation genes to cells   1997.0 t makishima   t nakashima   k nagata-kuno   k   
dec. 1981 . [ black 1985 ] ap black . supporting distributed applications : experience with eden ca grove proc . 10th acm symp . operating  
experimental results on qcd from cleo ii proc . 28th international conference on high energy physics   t browder   
routing worm : a fast   selective attack worm based on ip address information cc zou   d towsley   w gong   s cai   
steklo i keramika ia boguslavskiiâ ? ¦ no . i      
a financial incentive to encourage employment among repeat users of employment insurance : the d tattrie   
domain-specific keyphrase extraction yb wu   q li   rs bot   x chen  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
regional body-wave corrections and surface-wave tomography models to improve discrimination w walter   m pasyanos   a rodgers   k mayeda   a   
efficient processing of expressive node-selecting queries on xml data in secondary storage : a tree 2003.0 c koch proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
building temporal structures in a layered multimedia data model ga schloss   mj wynblatt proc . second acm international conference on  
agricultural biotechnology : critical issues and recommended responses from the land-grant abt force  md    
customer data faces rough road to factory computerworld   c stedman   
msn messenger 5.0 msn messenger microsoft corporation    
role of nectin in organization of tight junctions in epithelial cells 2002.0 a fukuhara   k irie   a yamada   t katata   t honda   k genes to cells    
slab : a software-based real-time virtual acoustic environment rendering system . jd miller    
calculating upward and downward simulations of state-based specifications j derrick   e boiten information and software technology     1999.0 
inside visual c++ 6.0 ( mit cd ) d kruglinski   g sheperd   s wingo    
automatic data fusion with hummer a bilke   j bleiholder   c bohm   k draba   f naumann    proceedings of the 31st vldb conference   trondheim   norway   2005.0 
information management for gaze control in vision guided biped walking jf seara   
usage scenarios of dbms   keynote 25th international conference on very large data bases   & hellip ;   r munz   
architecture / / advances in databases and information systems   third east european conference   adbis ' proceedings of short papers.-maribor : institute of & hellip ;   lb sokolinsky   
additive problems and eigenvalues of the modular operators yv linnik proc . int . cong . math . stockholm  
emi prediction in system level simulation 11th int zurich emc symposium   zurich   switzerland   rf milson   pa jamieson   kj scott   
i want my aop r laddad   
using ultrasound to determine external pacer capture-an echocardiographic evaluation d ettin   t cook journal of emergency medicine     1999.0 
computational methods in number theory   mathematical centre tracts 154/155   mathematisch centrum   hw lenstra jr   r tijdeman   
the n-tier hub technology ra sommer   tr gulledge   d bailey sigmod record   2002.0 
dynamic pricing by software agents jo kephart   je hanson   ar greenwald computer networks   2000.0    
defining job concentrations : the los angeles case rl forstall   rp greene  urban geography   1997.0 
the hyperaccessibility of suppressed thoughts dm wegner   r erber  journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0 
population bottlenecks and nonequilibrium models in population genetics i. allele   t maruyama   pa fuerst   
k : a high-level knowledge base programming language for advanced database applications ym shyy    
anti-self dual lagrangians ii : unbounded non self-adjoint operators and evolution equations   ( 2005 ) n ghoussoub   l tzou    
computational studies on the cyclizations of enediynes   enyne-allenes   and related polyunsaturated pr schreiner   a navarro-vazquez   m prall acc chem res   2005.0    
how state regulatory agencies address privatization : the case of wastewater treatment jg heilman   gw johnson new directions for program evaluation   1991.0 
mineral paragenetic sequence of the lead-zinc-copper-cobalt-nickel ores of the southeast missouri rd hagni & hellip ; paragenesis : athens   greece   theophrastus publications sa    
specifying and enforcing intertask dependencies pcamp singh   a sheth   m rusinkiewicz  proc . of the 19th vldb   dublin   ireland    
riverine acoustic sensors system ( rass ) demonstration rl smith   tj walter mti 93tr38 report for nswc demonstration   september    
on methods for efficient pyramid construction c knudsen   hi christensen procs . of 7th scandinavian conference on image    
apply data mining techniques to a health insurance information system m viveros   j nerahos   m rothman    
wright . pg infared photometric measurement of the saturation temperature and supersaturation proc . int . soc . sugar cane technol.   21st congress . march   q guangfeng   
the mills college tuition-freeze experiment . ml rothman new directions for higher education     1995.0 
inear operators   part ii   interscience new york   n dunford   j schwartz   
propositional attitudes   commonsense reasoning   and metaphor ja barnden procs . 10th annual conference of the cognitive science & hellip ;    
the impact of developer responsiveness on perceptions of usefulness and ease of use : an extension of d gefen   m keil acm sigmis database   1998.0 
hashing and trie algorithms for partial match retrieval wa burkhard acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
toward the construction of customer interfaces for cyber shopping malls-hci research for electronic j kim    
coordination in software agent systems bt technology journal   hs nwana   l lee   nr jennings  1996.0 
ins and outs of choosing a consultant . s rich  computerworld.   1982.0 
assessing prepulse inhibition of startle in wild-type and knockout mice ma geyer  psychopharmacology   1999.0 
the importance of credit information and credit scoring for small business lending decisions a jennings proceedings from the global conference on credit scoring   2001.0    
a 28 ghz gyrotron with a permanent magnet system for industry applications h asano   k kikunaga   k hemmi   f sato   t tsukamoto  proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves   & hellip ;    
physics 133 lectures : winter quarter s peale university of california   santa barbara    
surface reconstruction from unorganized point clouds proc . of acm siggraph   h hoppe   t derose   t duchamp   j mcdonald   w   
keynote address t bailey  women in aviation international conference   reno   nv   march    
unitary orbital conception of elementary particles and their interactions g sardin    
device : compiling production rules into event-driven rules using complex events n bassiliades   i vlahavas   
a formal approach to the defmmon and the design of conceptual schemata for database systems c zolo   ma melkanofp acm trans . database syst    
recent experiences with data mining in aviation safety ( 1998 ) e harris jr   e bloedorn   nj rothleder  sigmod98 dmkd workshop    
andr . das . interprocedural partial redundancy elimination and its application to distributed g agrawal   j saltz  proc . acm  
the effects of barometric pressure on elementary school studentsâ ?? behavior aj staut  2001.0 
a next step : discussion to consider unifying the ers and joint committee standards new directions for program evaluation   dl stufflebeam  1982.0 
reinventing high school j stinson electronic learning    
flexibilization of the methodology of system development   d rijsenbrij information and software technology   1995.0 
specifying and generating program editors with novel visual editing mechanisms m read   c marlin procs of the 10th conference on software engineering and  
a genetic algorithm for data sequencing electronic letters   r drechsler   n gockel  1997.0 
evaluation of it in the danish construction industry jl andresen technical university of denmark      
trees : structure and function mh zimmermann   cl brown   mt tyree   1971.0 
statistical modeling of large-scale simulation data proceedings of acm sigkdd 2002.0 t eliassi-rad   t critchlow   g abdulla   
educational productivity in south korea and the united states sj paikâ ? ¦  international journal of educational research   2001.0 
reworking welfare : technical assistance for states and localities manpower demonstration research corporation   march   new york   a brown   
web service composition with o'grape and osiris r weber   c schuler   p neukomm   h schuldt   hj schek  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
prevalence of iron deficiency and iron deficiency anemia in county of rodopi e karanikolaou   g lepidas   b tsifouti   n 30th greek pediatric congress   athens   greece   may 22ã ? / 24 . & hellip ;      
exploiting hierarchical terrestrial-satellite architectures to handle voice   symmetric data   and a iera   a molinaro   g araniti  computer networks   2002.0 
microcomputer playfulness : stable or dynamic trait se yager   la kappelman   ga maples   vr prybutok  acm sigmis database   1997.0 
the soil microfungi of conifer-hardwood forests in wisconsin m christensen  1960.0 
context an associative media browser g davenport   m murtaugh  proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
rapid composition of domain-specific design environments a ledeczi   a bakay   m maroti   p volgyesi   g  ieee computer    
sex typing and androgyny : further explorations of the expressive domain sl bem   w martyna   c watson journal of personality and social psychology   1976.0    
electronic business systems w lamersdorf   a bartelt   d fahrenholtz   mt tu  computer networks   2001.0 
the arena system of the black grouse ( lyrurus tetrix tetrix ( l. ) ) jp kruijt   gj de vos   i bossema  proc int ornithol congr    
verificationof multiple-valuedlogic networks r drechsler proc . 26th int . symp . on multiple-valuedlogic    
exploiting medium access diversity in rate adaptive wireless lans 2004.0 z ji   y yang   j zhou   m takai   r bagrodia proceedings of acm mobicom    
plant ecological variation and pattern in the lower omo basin cj cart see ref      
a formal framework for evaluating multiattribute software specifications   university of maryland at sr cardenas-garcia md      
noise figures of radio receivers ht friis proc . ire      
shmueli 0 . ( 1992 ) composite evlent specification in active databases : model and implementation & hellip ; of the 18th vldb conference   vancouver   british columbia   n gehani   h jagadish   
evolutionary techniques for updating query cost models in a dynamic multidatabase environment a rahal   q zhu   pã ? larson 2004.0  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;    
economic control of quality of manufactured product new york   wa shewart   
realising effective intelligent network overload controls 2002.0 pm williams   mj whitehead bt technology journal    
assessing general education : trenton state college . w curry   e hager  new directions for higher education   1987.0 
may 1996 . [ sow84 ] a. shoshani   f. olken   and hkt wong . characteristicsofscientific databases . inproc i gubbio 10th international vldb  
compiler test suite : evaluation and use in an automated test environment a boujarwah   k saleh information and software technology   1994.0 
microgravity levels measured during parabolic flights with kc-135 cb connor   v pletser  science demonstration experiments during parabolic flights & hellip ;    
video dilution technique : angiographic determination of splanchnic blood flow bmt lantz   d link   j holcroft   jm forrster see ref      
personal history and professional career . m bloom   m freedman  new directions for higher education   1973.0 
cognitive requirements on making and interpreting maps lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 t barkowsky   c freksa   
using quality circles to evaluate the efficacy of primary health care l schillemans   ld grande   r remmen new directions for program evaluation     1989.0 
leveraging the educational impact of the ili dollar l vanasupa procs . of the asee annual conference   washington   dc      
lax type flows on grassmann manifolds ak prykarpatsky   ja zagrodzinski   d blackmore proc . 29th sympos . on math . phys.   dec      
model and implementationâ ?? a databases  proceedings of the 18th  
knowledge management : know what you know k gile  pc magazine    
an object-oriented model of communications for the magtf m bailey   w kemple   m sovereign   m west   c chase   proceedings of the summer simulation conference   ed . d. pace      
ins/twine : a scalable peer-to-peer architecture for intentional resource discovery lecture notes in computer science   m balazinska   h balakrishnan   d karger  2002.0 
customer relationship management on the web pc magazine   sl robertswitt   
verification of conceptual schemata based on hybrid object-oriented and logic paradigm . v karakostas   p loucopoulos 1988.0  information and software technology    
consistency checking for qualitative spatial reasoning with cardinal directions s skiadopoulos   m koubarakis lecture notes in computer science   2002.0    
end of is budgets as we know them ml sullivan-trainor  computerworld    
the development of jovial ji schwartz  history of programming languages   1978.0 
208 ; dafã 1/4 r jedoch kã 1/4 hl s at    
the oesophageal detector device : an assessment of accuracy and ease of use by paramedics . p donahue journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
a new normal form for the design of relational database schemata c zaniolo 1982.0  acm transactions on database systems    
end-to-end performance and fairness in multihop wireless backhaul networks v gambiroza   b sadeghi   ew knightly   
on user interface reference models ka lantz   
rethinking school leadership : moving from role to function in an inquiry-based model of school ma copland   mw mclaughlin iii international conference on school management    
granite lodge no .   ontario : grantham   ja :           so grange   
project da capo + + â ?? volume i : architectural and detailed design b stiller   d bauer   g caronni   c class   c conrad      
chemical characteristics of organic color in water rf cristman   m nakamura   w williams  1970.0 
evaluation of operator interventions in autonomous off-road driving j scholtz   b antonishek   j young    
lllustra 's web datablade module j gaffney sigmod record   1996.0 
impredicative overloading in explicit mathematics t studer   
the reach active dbms ap buchmann   a deutsch   j zimmermann proc . intl. conference on management of data ( sigmod )   san & hellip ;    
conservative and consistent implementation and systematic comparison of sou and quick scheme for a sharma   v eswaran  proc . 2nd int . and 29th natl. fmfp  
should evaluation become implementation ? a browne   a wildavsky new directions for program evaluation     1983.0 
the aggregate update problem in functional programming languges proc . 12th acm popl p hudak   a bloss   
laser physics : x-ray lasers   ultrashort pulses   strong laser systems 1996.0 av borovsky   al galkin   
cultivating an integrated curriculum : the school garden ja braun social studies and the young learner   1989.0 
multisite evaluations of health care policies and programs 1991.0 ja freedman new directions for program evaluation    
infrared plasma diagnostics with lasers e holzhauer & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
multispectral-based color reproduction research at the munsell color science laboratory   electronic rs berns   fh imai   pd burns   dy tzeng 1998.0    
a connectionist approach to continuous speech recognition jp martens procs forwiss/crim esprit  
developing user interfaces for microsoft windows en mckay  1999.0 
collars and partitions of hyperbolic cone-surfaces 2004.0 e dryden submitted for publication    
customer relationship management pc magazine   k bannon   
an introduction to differential flatness of mechanical systems r murray   m rathinam   m van nieuwstadt  proceedings of ecole dâ ?? et ! ee   th ! eeorie et practique des & hellip ;    
a modeling study of the tpc-c benchmark   a publication in a conference st leutengger   d dias proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
concise papers he blok   s choenni   hm blanken ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
magneto-spectroscopy of photo-excited states in semiconductors using far-infrared lasers 1976.0 y nisida   k muro   u kawata & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;    
statlstlcal databases charactenstlcs   problems and some solutions proc   vldb con   a shosham   
modulation of hemolytic properties of resorcinolic lipids by divalent cations m stasiuk   a kozubek  cellular and molecular biology letters   1996.0 
tandem press pmc panczenko  2003.0 
spirit : a resource database for mobile users proceedings of acm chiâ ?? 97 workshop on ubiquitous computing & hellip ;   n adly   p steggles   a harter  1997.0 
the efficacy and comfort of full-body vacuum splints for cervical-spine immobilization 1996.0 rs hamilton   pt ponsâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine    
customer relationship management r robinson   
vizier online data catalog d monetâ ? ¦   
selectivity estimation in extensible databases-a neural network approach proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   s lakshmi   s zhou  1998.0 
advances in databases and information systems : second east european symposium   adbis ' 98   poznan   t morzy  1998.0 
d. bailay ( 2002 ) â ?? the n-tier hub technologyâ ?? r sommer   t gulledge  acm sigmod  
quality-driven integration of heterogeneous information sources f naumann   u leser   jc freytag proceedings of the 25th vldb   edinburgh   scotland    
aluminium toxicity syndrome lancet i   hl elliott   gs fell  1978.0 
business models for electronic markets p timmers    
studies on the immunohistochemical localization of s-100 and glial fibrillary acidic proteins in the h yamaguchi 1980.0  no to shinkei    
evaluating synchronization on shared address space multiprocessors : methodology and performance s kumar   d jiang   r chandra   jp singh  proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;   1999.0 
t. r uhl   and f. kwakkel . the drill down benchmark pa boncz  procedings of the international conference on very large  
approximate similarity in metric data by using region proximity â ?? first delos network of excellence g amato   f rabitti   p savino   p zezula  & hellip ; and querying in digital libraries   zurich   switzerland    
taxation and social insurance b dahlby taxation to    
spring enhancement in the seco creek water quality demonstration project annual project rep. . seco creek water quality demonstration & hellip ;   pn wright   
d   berger   p. sinha   s. krishnamurthy   m. faloutsos   and sk tripathi   â ?? alleviating mac layer self - z ye proc . of acm mobicom 2003 poster    
the care of psychiatric patients in the emergency department journal of emergency nursing   jl curry  1993.0 
ogneupory lb khoroshavin   va perepelitsyn   ti boriskova  no . i    
integrated product development mm andersen   l hein    
the scientific data that led to the discovery of the mineral wealth of siberia and mongolia : dn ivanov   ma romanova  athens   greece    
high frequency data do improve volatility and risk estimation f corsi   m dacorogna   u muller   g zumbach olsen & associated discussion paper   zurich   switzerland    
multiculturalism   pillarization and liberal civic education in the netherlands international journal of educational research   2001.0 b spiecker   j steutel   
replacement of nurses with unlicensed assistive personnel : the erosion of professional nursing and journal of emergency nursing   1995.0 pg zimmermann   
preparing the individual for institutional leadership : the summer institute . new directions for higher education   1983.0 c secor   
fast stroke extraction method for handwritten chinese characters by cross region analysis km ku   ppk chiu  electronic letters   1994.0 
object serialisation and deserialisation using xml n bhatti   jml goff   w hassan   z kovacs   p martin   10th international conference on management of data ( comad  
a practical multicast monitoring scheme j walz   bn levine   
inside track j dvorak 1993.0  pc magazine    
a tale of twelve cities : metropolitan employment change in dynamic industries in the 1980s . economic geography   j pollard   m storper  1996.0 
inside distributed com e guy   e henry  1998.0 
communications deregulation seen as helter-skelter process by gte chief . computerworld.   1983.0 b hoard   
adept : an agent-based approach to business process management poâ ?? brien   m wiegand bt technology journal      
nested tra # actzons for engmeenng destgn databases proc 10th int conf on vldb   singapore   aug   w ktm   r lone   d mcnabb   w plouffe   
evaluation of adaptivity and user expertise in a speech-based e-mail system k jokinen   k kanto   a kerminen   j rissanen    
opportunity in adversity : the case of bradford college . a levine new directions for higher education   1985.0 
u > finite-state syntax-directed braille translation < / u > jk millen technical report mtr-1829   mitre corporation   bedford      
iau circ . 7568   3   2001 . covault   c. et al hg boerstâ ? ¦ these proceedings . heck   d. et . al.    
colin d nash noaa   seattle   washington ( brief telephone discussion )   & hellip ;    
household economics and political integration : the lower class of the chimu empire jd moore 1985.0    
key note address l zadeh proceedings of the 2 ndnew zealand international t wo-stream & hellip ;      
explicit control of logic programs through rule algebra t imielinski   s naqvi  proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1988.0 
devices for interactive computer music and computer graphics performances l tarabella   m magrini   g scapellato   
data management research at the mitre corporation a rosenthal   l seligman   c mccollum   b blaustein   sigmod record   1995.0 
probability propagation in analog vlsi unpublished ha loeliger   f lustenberger   m helfenstein   f   
filochat : handwritten notes provide access to recorded conversations s whittaker   p hyland   m wiley    
lichtman . et   neubelt lf mollenauer  mj   and harvey   gt : â ?? demonstration   using sliding-frequency & hellip ;    
the design and implementation of k : a highlevel knowledge-base programming language of osam * ym shyy   j arroyo-figueroa   syw su   h lam  kbms   &#39; &#39; very large data bases ( vldb ) journal    
chaos and fractals : new frontiers of science 2004.0 ho peitgen   
artical shes : physics   locomotion   perception   behavior x tu   d terzopoulos proc . acm siggraph      
nh mcc lamroch and m. reyhanoglu   â ?? controllability and stabilizability properties of a nonholonomic am bloch proc . 29th ieee    
an end-to-end communication architecture for collaborative virtual environments computer networks   2001.0 s shirmohammadi   nd georganas   
building and supporting a large-scale collaborative virtual environment a steed   e frã © con submitted for  
a framework for argumentation-based negotiation 1998.0 c sierra   nr jennings   p noriega   s parsons lecture notes in computer science    
cholinesterase inhibitors for dementia with lewy bodies cochrane database syst . rev   2003.0 r wild   t pettit   a burns   
acm oopsla workshop on domain-specific visual languages jp tolvanen   j gray   s kelly    
differentiabilite optimale et contre-exemples a la fermeture en topologie c inf des orbites mr herman s. i      
extending the reach of business processes d chakraborty   h lei    
information access for all dh rothman computerworld      
electronic service markets m merz   
mindreader : querying databases through y ishikawa   r subramanya   ps center   c faloutsos   
relative information capacity of simple relational database schemata proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   r hull  1984.0 
synthestzmg 3nf rela-uons from funcuonal dependem ~ es pa be bemstem acm tods   dec      
acm multimedia interactive art program : an introduction to the digital boundaries exhibition a jaimes   p jennings proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
processes and kinetics of defluoridation of drinking water using bone char lyngby : technical university of denmark   h bregnhð $ j   
neural networks in software cost estimation j hakkarainen   p laamanen   r rask  proc 26th hawaii int . conf . on system sciences   wailea   hi    
a decomposed storage model g copeland   s khoshaan  proc . acm sigmod conf.    
querying multidimensional databases l cabibbo   r torlone    
facilitating faculty development . new directions for higher education   1973.0 m freedman   
new genetic local search operators for the traveling salesman problem b freisleben   p merz lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
iridium-catalyzed mizorokiâ ± heck-type reaction of organosilicon reagents t koike   x du   t sanada   y danda   a mori acc . chem . res   1990.0 
cyclosporine delays host immune response to antibody enzyme conjugate in adept kd bagshawe   sk sharma  transplant proc   1996.0 
nasa aviation safety program aircraft engine health management data mining tools roadmap data mining and knowledge discovery : theory   tools   and & hellip ;   2000.0 j litt   dl simon   c meyer   h depold   jr curtiss   h   
on the relation between truth maintenance and abduction proc . pricai90   ac kakas   p mancarella   
generation of passive macro-models for simulation of distributed interconnect networks sh min   m swaminathan  emc symposium   zurich   switzerland    
report : job cuts in 2001 reach nearly 2 million . j disabatino    
integrating rule-based and case-based decision making in diabetic patient management 1999.0 r bellazzi   s montani   l portinale   a riva lecture notes in computer science    
an applical level video gateway e amirâ ? ¦  proc . acm multimedia    
ex vivo and in vitro models in acetaminophen hepatotoxicity studies . relationship between 1994.0 s ellouk-achard   v levesse   c martin   c pham-huy archives of toxicology-supplement -    
a synthesis of the effects of welfare-to-work programs on children pa morris   ac huston   g duncan   d crosby   j bos new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
interactive deduplication using active learning s sarawagi   
recent research on the native history of amazonia and guayana nl whitehead 1993.0  see ref    
acm oopsla workshop on domain-specific modeling jp tolvanen   j gray   m rossi    
spatial operators e clementini   p di felice   
linking arc/info with snactor sc shapiro   ch chalupski   hc chou santa barbara   california. : national center for geographic    
surveying   and salvaging   the aftermath of outage s christensen computerworld    
electro-rheological valves in a hydraulic circuit aj simmonds   
the interpersonal costs of seeking self-esteem unpublished manuscript   le park   j crocker   
rewering aggregate queries using views s cohen   w nutt   a serebrenik  proc of the 18th acm sigact sigmod sigart symp on principles & hellip ;    
the opening price performance of initial public offerings of common stock cb barry   rh jennings   
approximate query processing : taming the terabytes ! a tutorial   
the los angeles project at claremont graduate university : analyzing public policy in an era of 2000.0 tr rochon new directions for higher education    
evaluating the size of queries on relational databases with non-uniform distribution and stochastic proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   s salza   m terranova  1989.0 
design methodology using sdl md cookson   sg woodsford bt technology journal   1993.0 
efficacy and safety of nicotine on alzheimerâ ?? s disease patients jm lopez-arrieta   jl rodriguez   f sanz 2001.0  cochrane database syst . rev    
evolutionary comparisons of chorion structural and regulatory genes in two wild silkworm species n moschonas   1980.0 
malpractice occurrence in emergency medicine : does residency training make a difference ? sw branney   pt pons   vj markovchick   go thomasson journal of emergency medicine     2000.0 
the order of things : activity-centred information access   www7 / computer networks   1998.0 m chalmers   k rodden   d brodbeck   
modular neural networks for multi-service connection admission control ws soh   ck tham computer networks     2001.0 
extending the reach of randomized social experiments : new directions in evaluations of american ja riccio   hs bloom & hellip ; papers on research methodology . manpower demonstration & hellip ;      
interpreting measured night flows e report    
cart : tree-structured non-parametric data analysis d steinberg   pc colla  san  
: supplement to the proceedings of the 18th british national conference on databases at ral   9-11 w id   
beirutâ ?? s memoryside : hear no evil   see no evil see meskell   afh naccache   
amphetamine   cocaine   and dizocilpine enhance performance on a lever-release   conditioned avoidance i white   j christensen   g flory   d miller   g rebec psychopharmacology   1995.0    
entrepreneur or intermediary : the nature of the relationship manager 's job cs iacono   m subramani    
replica allocation for correlated data items in ad hoc sensor networks t hara   n murakami   s nishio sigmod record   2004.0 
midlevel administrators : what we know new directions for higher education   vj rosser  2000.0 
keynote address to the acm history of programming languages ~ conference gm hopper  history of programming languages . academic press   new york    
j am oil chem soc jj la scala   rp wool   
cellular localization of bovine pancreatic trypsin inhibitor and related molecular forms in bovine r businaro   e fioretti   l fumagalli   g citro   g de the histochemical journal   1988.0 
adaptive network overload controls mj whitehead   pm williams  bt technology journal   2002.0 
the cyber all project : a personal store for everything cg bell    
natural and terrorist threats to drinking water supplies proceedings of the 23rd environmental symposium   wd burrows   ja valcik   a seitzinger   
a userâ ?? s hand - 108 . nibbering   nmm â ?? â ?? gas-phase ion/molecule reactions as studied by ft/icr . â ?? acc . chem . res   o nmr   m spectrometry   
bo sciences   a water quality model for massachusetts and cape cod bays : calibration of the bays i hydroqual  technical report naic0103   massachusetts water resources  
microsoft . corn : a high-scale data management and transaction processing solution s kennamer sigmod record     1998.0 
elastic properties of normal and hypertrophied cardiac muscle i mirsky   a pasipoularides 1980.0  fed proc    
q-ary part-and-try algorithm for packet conflict resolution p studer   h pletcher & hellip ; telecommun.   swiss fed . inst . technol.   zurich   switzerland & hellip ;    
structuring principles of the communication architecture of open systems - a systematic approach hj burkhardt   s schindler computer networks    
a. wigderson on the complexity of bilinear forms n nisan  proc . 27th acm stoc  
agent-based business process management nr jennings   p faratin   mj johnson   tj norman   me   
computational and performance issues in coliseum videoconferencing proc . acm multimedia   hh bakerâ ? ¦   
dec ; 172 ( 6 ) : 1591-5 ji dis & hellip ; in measles vaccine failure : demonstration of measles antigen & hellip ;      
al geist . 1995 gordon bell prize winners ah karp   m heath ieee computer    
computer aided manufacturing of composite complex shape helicopter structural elements by robot s cantoni   f de nicola   g di vita   g totaro   m european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0    
network tomography using end-to-end multicast measurements d towsley proc . of acm    
multi-spectral-based color reproduction research at the munsell color science laboratory rs berns   fh imai   pd burns   dy tzeng    
deming prize : no longer a stranger at home c hildebrand  computerworld    
gps-based geographic addressing   routing   and resource discovery t imielinski   jc navas communications-acm     1999.0 
deixis to properties in the nlvr system e klipple   j gurney   
the customer delay in a single server queue with a batch markovian arrival process dm lucantoni   mf neuts submitted for    
stability and throughput in a layered tandem of multi-server queues rd van der mei   bmm gijsen   s mohy el dine   2005.0 
a method for module architecture verification and its application on a large component-based system a postma  information & software technology    
computer assistance for planning school attendance boundaries dm wytock   bf grace urisa   seattle   washington      
a cost-effectiveness model for the assessment of educational productivity js catterall  new directions for higher education   1998.0 
modeling the codasyl dml execution context dependency for application program conversion proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;   b demo   s kundu   
a case-based technique for tracking concept drift in spam filtering sj delany   p cunningham   a tsymbal   l coyle    
job insecurity : toward conceptual clarity the academy of management review   l greenhalgh   z rosenblatt  1984.0 
deception of parents during adolescence adolescence-san diego -   d knox   me zusman   k mcginty   j gescheidler  2001.0 
geology of the northern hijaz quadrangles   kingdom of saudi arabia maps i   gf brown   ro jackson   rg bogue   wh maclean   
group theory in physics ( academic   london   1984 ) jf cornwell vol .  
models of ontogenetic development for autonomous adaptive systems d harter   r kozma    
legal remedies act   which prohibits a broad range of unfair and deceptive acts and allows consumers c has also enacted a consumers    
anniversary edition : business models b schmid   r alt   h zimmermann   b buchet electronic markets      
the mechanics of the normal and ischemic left ventricle during the cardiac cycle phm bovendeerd  technical university eindhoven    
the mathlab group laboratory for computer science   mit   cambridge   mass.   dec   mr manual   
chronic parenting stress : moderating versus mediating effects of social support journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 al quittner   rl glueckauf   dn jackson   
business models for electronic markets electronic t paul   
a study of shape in dynamic handwritten signature verification gk gupta   rc joyce submitted for publication   1997.0    
pharmacological management for agitation and aggression in people with acquired brain injury s fleminger   rj greenwood   dl oliver 2003.0  cochrane database syst rev    
the anomeric effect and related stereoelectronic effects at oxygen aj kirby 1983.0    
habitual interactions between humans and wild bottlenose dolphins ( tursiops truncatus ) near panama a samuels   l bejder  md    
pdas for every budget b brown   m brown pc magazine   may    
curricular learning communities jh levine   ns shapiro new directions for higher education   2000.0    
a framework for the specification of test cases for real time distributed systems t walter   j grabowski 1999.0  information and software technology    
automatic scene separation and tree structure gui for video editing h ueda   t miyatake proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 
feynmanâ ?? s operational calculi for noncommuting systems of operators b jefferies   gw johnson submitted for  
tool suite enables designers to craft customized embedded processors d bursky electronic  
origins of the summer 2002 continental us drought m fennessy   p dirmeyer   l marx   c schlosser   
production ofâ?â ? mesons in theâ ? qâ?â?â ? ( â?â ? hdgf drh reaction f balestraâ ? ¦   
moundville phase communities in the black warrior river valley   alabama 1982.0 tk bozeman   
security in electronic messaging : things you should know s associates   1990.0 
modeling   emulation   analysis of data of wireless sensors q luo   lm ni   b he   h wu   wm xue proc . the vldb workshop on data management for sensor & hellip ;    
a digital video-on-demand service supporting content-based queries tdc little   g ahanger   rj folz   jf gibbon   fw proc . acm multimedia    
a critical period effect in the acquisition of a primary language el newport   t supalla unpublished manuscript    
road safety 1994.0 j frantzeskakis   j golias   
population dynamics   species interactions   and non-equilibrium coexistence within rodent communities ar blaustein  1978.0 
remote virtual disk protocol specifications m greenwald 1984.0    
power optimization of system-level address buses based on software profiling w fornaciari   m polentarutti   d sciuto   c silvano   
essentials of error-control coding techniques h imai   
the net changes everything mj miller pc magazine      
role of maternal immunoglobulins blocking tsh-induced thyroid growth in sporadic forms of congenital rd van der gaag   jh dussault 1985.0  lancet i    
hardware organization for nonnumeric processing s pramanik  vldb   1981.0 
the performance of concurrency control algorithms for dbms & proc . 10th intl conf . on very large data bases   singapore   august   mj carey   m stonebmker   
plasma fluphenazine concentrations after injection of long-acting esters lancet i   1978.0 sh curry   r whelpton   pj de schepper   aa schiff   
biologic and geologic characteristics of cold seeps in monterey bay   california jp barry   hg greene   dl orange   ch baxter   bh    
applying an update method to a set of receivers u antwerp    
a scalable architecture for autonomous heterogeneous database interactions s milliner   a bouguettaya   mp papazoglou 1995.0  proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;    
taming text d robb computerworld      
- adi : an unconditionally stable full-wave maxwell 's equations solver for vlsi interconnect modeling - group of 3 & raquo ; ccp chen   tw lee   n murugesan   sc hagness proceedings of the 2000 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2000.0    
forced oscillations in a circuit with non-linear resistance phil . mag   b van der pol   
high energy particles b rossi    
interviewing during a tight job market q luo 2002.0  sigmod record    
experiences in mining aviation safety data z nazeri   e bloedorn   p ostwald    
some enzymatic properties of polymannuronic acid câ ?? 5 epimerase in brown algae proc . int . seaweed symp   m ishikawa   k nisizawa   
keynote address proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer - & hellip ;   m lehman   
on the formalism of local variational differential operators s igonin   a verbovetsky   r vitolo    
recent argus results on charm baryon physics j stiewe  proc . 26th int . conf . on high energy physics ( dallas   tx    
to hear all voices : a broader view of faculty scholarship 1993.0 l richlin new directions for teaching and learning    
a critical look at critical chain project management t raz   r barnes   
almost every set in exponential time is p-bi-immune e mayordomo  lecture notes in computer science   1992.0 
architectural and application bottlenecks in scalable dsm multiprocessors c holt   jp singh   j hennessy  proceedings of the 23rd annual international symposium on & hellip ;    
dimensions of object-oriented language design p wegner proceedings oopsla87   acm press    
consulting : a full-time job . gb thomas  new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
http extensions for distributed authoringâ ?? webdav . proposed standard-request for comments ( rfc ) y goland   e whitehead   a faizi   s carter   d jensen technical report   microsoft   uc irvine   netscape   novell    
co. v. parker products   inc.   498 sw 2d 676 ( tex . 1973 ) ; womack v. allstate ins . co. 296 sw 2d 233 ( g ins    
s80-radtmo   goddard space flight center   greenbelt jv dave   nr no  md    
rf d transceiver for 433 mhz   ism wireless data communications aj nadler   b bailey electronic engineering   1998.0 
methods to explain the clinical significance of health status measures mayo clinic proceedings   gh guyatt   d osoba   aw wu   kw wyrwich   gr norman  2002.0 
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension vy lum   p dadam   r erbe   j guenauer   g walch   h    
reducing the steiner problem in an a 3-geometry plane gh lin   gl xue submitted for  
rc autonomous circuits with chaotic behaviour p bernat   
the synthesis of heat shock and normal proteins at high temperatures in plants and their possible m altschuler   jp mascarenhas see ref    
keram z     no . i   a majdic   o grewen   ae noware   
supporting schema evolution sigmod record   jf roddick  1992.0 
practical lessons in supporting large-scale computational science r musick   t critchlow sigmod record   1999.0 
campaign address computer ethics â ?? voidâ ?? m betts  computerworld    
outrunning the pack in faster product development d reinertsen electronic design      
collaborative ontology construction for information integration r fike   w pratt technical repor ksl-95-63   stanford university knowledge & hellip ;      
experience   6th east-european conference on advances in databases and information systems ( adbis ) lncs   m grinev   s kuznetsov   
oxide-induced defects in nial phil . mag.   hl fraser   mh loretto   re smallman   rj wasilewski  1973.0 
embedded deterministic test for low cost manufacturing test j rajski   j tyszer   m kassab   n mukherjee   r   
the use of 2   4-dp to improve fruit size in citrus proc int soc citriculture   m agustã   v almela   m aznar   j pons   m el-otmani   
structural colours proc . int . ornithol . congr   j dyck   
elxsi data management services   exhibition program n whyte  10th vldb conference   singapore    
poverty   employment and policy-making in egypt : a country profile n el-ehwany   h el-laithy 2001.0    
multimodal content-based structure analysis of karaoke music 2005.0 y zhu   k chen   q sun proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
shaping school climate : school context   adolescent social networks   and attachment to school j moody   ps bearman  unpublished manuscript    
a tool for software reliability modeling . w farr   o smith procs . international simulation technology conference and  
inferred values and the reverse-incentive effect in induced compliance jl freedman   ja cunningham   k krismer journal of personality and social psychology    
a multisided generalization of bã © zier surfaces acm transactions on graphics ( tog )   1989.0 ct loop   td derose   
model independentassertionsforintegrationofheterogeneousschemas s spaccapietra   c parent   y dupont  vldb journal   ( 1 ) ( 1992 )  
auditory integration training and other sound therapies for autism spectrum disorders cochrane database syst rev   y sinha   n silove   d wheeler   k williams  2004.0 
naltrexone-buprenorphine interactions : effects on cocaine self-administration neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 nk mello   se lukas   jh mendelson   j drieze   
analysis of a heuristic for full trie minimization acm transactions on database systems   1981.0 d comer   
how is abstract   generative knowledge acquired ? a comparison of three learning scenarios tj nokes   s ohlsson   
automatically organizing bookmarks per contents www5 / computer networks   1996.0 ys maarek   i ben-shaul   
pneumonic plague in a 15-year-old utah girl c cramer   b christensen journal of emergency nursing   1995.0 
the network is the database : data management for highly distributed systems sigmod conference   2001.0 jc navas   m wynblatt   
nature over nurture : temperament personality   and life span development rr mccrae   pt costa   f ostendorf   a angleitner   m journal of personality and social psychology   2000.0 
cullamã ¡ c   alias del capitan grande . 1956.0 he rensch   
artemis message exchange framework : semantic interoperability of exchanged messages in the v bicer   gb laleci   a dogac   y kabak   
â ?? down-regulation cm stoscheck   g carpenter & hellip ; egf receptors : direct demonstration of receptor degradation & hellip ;    
incremental execution of transformation specifications g sittampalam   o de moor   kf larsen   
inquiry into a trading center : the case of the cahokia empire . pull-out 2 . jm shiveley social studies and the young learner     1998.0 
chloride binding regulates the schiff base pk in gecko p521 cone-type visual pigment c yuan   o kuwata   j liang   s misra   sp balashov     
a dbms prototype to support extended nf 2 relations : an integrated view of flat tables p dadamâ ? ¦  proc . of the 1986 sigmod  
burnout   depression   life and job satisfaction among canadian emergency physicians s lloyd   d streiner   s shannon journal of emergency medicine   1994.0    
astron . & astrophys mp redman   rjr williams   je dyson   tw hartquist   1997.0    
sensory-motor fusion architecture based on high-speed sensory feedback and its application to a namiki   m ishikawa    
quiet : continuous query-driven index tuning ku sattler   i geist   e schallehn vldb     2003.0 
routing andadmissioncontrol in generaltopologynetworks r gawlick   a kamath   s plotkin   k ramakrishnan technical report cs-tr-95-1548   stanford university   may  
employer health insurance premium subsidies unlikely to enhance coverage significantly ( washington   jd reschovsky   j hadley lessons from a small business health insurance demonstration    
guiding principles at triage : advice for new triage nurses pg zimmermann journal of emergency nursing   2002.0 
parallels in aviation and medicine d dotan unpublished  
an overview of good acm sigmod record   1992.0 j paredaens   j van den bussche   m andries   m gemis   
a computational model for the laminar flow boundary layer in a thermally driven vortex ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1980.0 es wilbarger jr   
the behavior of polyisobutylene during melt shear ha pohl   cg gogos    
arbâ ?? s study of emission from two â ?? â ?? late-modelâ ?? â ?? diesel and cng heavy-duty transit buses . an ayala   r kado   m okamoto   p rieger   ba holmen    san diego   april    
software release planning : an evolutionary and iterative approach d greer   g ruhe    
the truly false consensus effect : an ineradicable and egocentric bias in social perception journal of personality and social psychology   j krueger   rw clement  1994.0 
physics for young children 1998.0 y hadzigeorgiou   
simulating stable stochastic systems   vi : quantile estimation dl iglehart  journal of the acm ( jacm )   1976.0 
a novel framework for svm-based image retrieval on large databases 2005.0 l wang   x li   p xue   kl chan proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
oestrogen and progestogen hormone replacement therapy for peri-menopausal and post-menopausal women : cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 rj norman   ihk flight   mcp rees   
circuit bases of strongly connected digraphs pm gleiss   j leydold   pf stadler   
erp beyond y2k r freedman pc magazine   june    
the effects of hunting on an ontario black bear population gb kolenosky international conference on bear research and management      
mobile hop-by-hop multicast routing r vida   l costa   s fdida  computer networks   2004.0 
ip-based protocols for mobile interworking j ioannidis   d duchamp   gq maguire jr  proc acm sigcommâ ?? 91    
on the key role of parasitic capacitances in the determination of susceptibility to emi of g masetti   g setti   n speciale & hellip ; electromagnetic compatibility ( emc )   zurich   switzerland      
modeling and composing service-based and reference process-based multi-enterprise processes h schuster   d georgakopoulos   a cichocki   d baker lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
parallel simulation of performance petri nets : extending the domain of parallel simulation proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter simulation   gs thomas   j zahorjan  1991.0 
hormonal interactions between plants and insects cm williams see ref      
murads . taqq   walter willinger   anddaniel v. wilson . on the self-similar nature of ethernet tra c we leland  proceedings of acm sigcomm    
the effects of welfare reform in philadelphia . new york : manpower demonstration research corporation   & hellip ;   c michalopoulos   
pulseless diseases k shimizu  no to shinkei   1971.0 
the pulvinus : motor organ for leaf movement   american society of plant physiology rl satter   hl gorton   tc vogelmann md    
a comparative study of hematocrits drawn from a standard venipuncture and those drawn from a saline cm sliwa 1997.0  journal of emergency nursing    
museums as educational institutions . new directions for adult and continuing education   mc chobot   rb chobot  1990.0 
inside dymaic html 1997.0 s issaacs   
frontiers in x-ray astronomy k makishima   t mihara proc . 28th yamada conf.   ed . y. tanaka & k. koyama ( tokyo : & hellip ;      
the physics of radiation therapy . williams and wilkins   baltimore fm khan md      
towards the assessment of costs and benefits of ergonomic modifications to jobs : a case study   the r norman   r wells   a moore   j potvin proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the human & hellip ;      
a neural network approach for studying the switching problem 1994.0 sj amin bt technology journal    
the nonequivalence of vertical merger and exclusive dealing econ.ucsb.edu    
if we want things to stay as they are   things will have to change new directions for higher education   1998.0 jb lapidus   
mutual dependencies and some results on undecomposable relations 1978.0 jm nicolas vldb    
emerging issues in the discussion of active learning te sutherland 1996.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
critical evaluation of the association of acute with chronic graft rejection in kidney and heart transplant g opelz   
the jobs evaluation : early findings on program impacts in three sites s freedman   d friedlander   
suite 300   silver spring s street    
endotracheal intubation at birth for preventing morbidity and mortality in vigorous   meconium - hl halliday  cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
andj . c. freytag . quality-driven integration of heterogenous information sources proceedings of internation conference on vldbâ ?? 99   f naumann   u leser   
proc . of the sixth east-european conference on advances in databases and information systems adbis sa stupnikov   la kalinichenko   d jin song slovak university of technology      
athe returns to school quality : college choice and earnings w strayer   2000.0 
raised temperature reduces the incidence of diabetes in the nod mouse ajk williams   j krug   ef lampeter   k mansfield   pe diabetologia     1990.0 
dbsim : a simulation tool for predicting database performance m lefler   m stokrp   c wong 1996.0  proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
les motek   high degree word : mother lodge   bordeaux : mother scottish lodge s mystã ¨ res    
incremental generation of parser for knowledge manipulation in prolog i foucherot   i blot   f jacquenet  10th logic programming workshop   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;    
zavodskaya laboratoriya ap gulyaev   vn nikitin no . i  
the paternal methylation imprint of the mouse h19 locus is acquired in the gonocyte stage during genes to cells   2000.0 t ueda   k abe   a miura   m yuzuriha   m zubair   m   
remote api to the bow expert systems shell ve zaitsev   sy lukashevich   dv soshnikov   kr moscow aviation technical university    
daml + oil : a reason-able web ontology language i horrocks lecture notes in computer science   2002.0    
searching the net j munro   r kwon pc magazine   dec      
improving object-oriented user interfaces with constraints rk ege information and software technology   1991.0 
radiation characteristics of spent nuclear fuel and wastes using nonaqueous reprocessing methods eo adamov   ba gabaraev   ik ganevâ ? ¦ at .  
the network as a global database : challenges of interoperability   proactivity   interactiveness   proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   pc lockemann   a koschel   r kramer   r nikolai   m  1997.0 
physical design for surface-micromachined mems gk fedder   t mukherjee    
mot ett nytt fã ¶ rhã ¥ llningssã $ tt i regionalpolitiken l ramfelt i sou    
leadership in the shaping and implementation of collaboration agendas : how things happen in a ( not c huxham   s vangen academy of management journal   2000.0    
19   cambridge 1916 t no   
a and healey rw 1935 va bailey phil . mag      
leveraging the information asset j perna   
concept-based querying in mediator systems 2005.0 ku sattler   i geist   e schallehn the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?nonlinear functions for blind separation and equalization   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? ph. d h mathis  dissertation   eth zã?â 1/4 rich   zurich   switzerland   nov. .  
mapping of common management information services to corba object services specification s mazumdar   
jun gu . a structured approach for vlsi circuit design kf smith ieee computer    
modelling crystallization of polymers in temperature elds ( 1998 ) m burger   v capasso   g eder    
factors affecting statewide planning . sv martorana new directions for higher education   1974.0    
survey of applications integrating constraint satisfaction and case-based reasoning mh sqalli   l purvis   ec freuder   
bhavani thuraisingham the mitre corporation   burlington road   bedford   ma sigmod record   t r & d  1992.0 
the nucleus : panel discussion 1976.0 b donn study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;    
the long-range shelling of paris and physical chemistry problems of extremely long-range firing a stettbacher & hellip ; at the physics society   zurich   switzerland   8 may 1919 & hellip ;   1986.0    
autonomous query-driven index tuning ku sattler   e schallehn   i geist   
msl : a model for w3c xml schema a brown   m fuchs   j robie   p wadler computer networks     2002.0 
applying the naep code of ethics to epa and the fluoride in drinking water standard rj carton   jw hirzy proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the national & hellip ;    
evidence for terror management theory ii : the effects of mortality salience on reactions to those j greenberg   t pyszczynski   s solomon   a journal of personality and social psychology      
inside directx b bargen   p donnelly    
school violence and the role of the school psychologist rg arrowood   2000.0 
in keramidas   em jc geyer  computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;    
is this a drill ? improving pediatric emergency preparedness in north carolina 's emergency sm hohenhaus journal of emergency nursing   2001.0 
virtual environments for critical intervention support : modeling   design and implementation issues d poussart   f bernier   m simoneau   d ouellet   n    
killing the spirit : higher education in america p smith   1990.0 
k. proficient machine systems : a proposal of new research frontiers for manufacturing in the 21st k iwata   m onosato   k teramoto  proc . 29th cirp int . seminar on manufacturing systems    
management applications of analyzing cellular digital packet data ( cdpd ) billing data at gau   s hardy   t randhawa   
molecular forms of acetylcholinesterase in alzheimerâ ?? s disease fed . proc   sg younkin   b goodridge   j katz   g lockett   d  1986.0 
monitoring business processes through event correlation based on dependency model a adii   d botzer   o etzion   t yatzkar-haham 2001.0  proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
database model acm sigmod record   o etzion   paddo active   
systems management of operational support systems applications bt technology journal   1997.0 sm bouch   ic hayes   tj oldham   
a comparison of the security of windows nt and unix h hedbom   s lindskog   s axelsson   e jonsson   
the effect of stocking density on walking ability   tonic immobility and the development of tibial gs sanotra   ks vestergaard   mg thomsen proc . 29th int . congr . of the int . soc . for appl . ethology   & hellip ;      
â ?? nie wieder bugs!â ?? s maguire 1993.0    
high resolution tandem ftms above 10kda acc . chem . res   fw mclafferty   
things that see communications-acm   jl crowley   j coutaz   f berard  2000.0 
mcmc maximum likelihood cj geyer  computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;    
extraversion   social cognition   and the salience of aversiveness in social encounters wg graziano   ab feldesman   df rahe  journal of personality and social psychology    
taming the underlying challenges of reliable multihop routing proc . acm a woo   t tong   d culler   
voter confusion and voter rationality : the use of counter propositions in direct legislation sa banducci  1995.0 
truth revelation in approximately efficient combinatorial auctions d lehmann   y shoham  journal-acm   2002.0 
practical lessons in supporting large-scale computational science . sigmod record   1999.0 acms anthology   
submodule construction from concurrent system specifications e haghverdi   h ural 1999.0  information and software technology    
dose-related suppression of rem sleep and pgo waves by the serotonin-1 agonist eltoprazine neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   jj quattrochi   an mamelak   d binder   j williams  1993.0 
exlremat properlies of likelihood . ratio quantizers i tsiisiklis  proc . 29th ieee coof decision contr     honolulu   hi   dec    
the impact of a nonlocal turbulence scheme on modeling the convective boundary layer observed during as adams 2002.0    
seeking out children in need . computerworld.   s cusack  1990.0 
annealing characteristics of phosphorus implanted silicon . 1 . rw bicknell  phil . mag   1972.0 
insite : a tool for interpreting users ? interaction with a web space c shahabi   a faisal   fb kashani   j faruque proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;   2000.0    
making network interfaces less peripheral ss mukherjee   md hill ieee computer     1998.0 
midwife to a learning community : spirit as co-inquirer ww roberson 2002.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
analysis of shared buâ ? er switches under non-uniform traâ ? c pattern and global flowcontrol computer networks   2000.0 m saleh   m atiquzzaman   
counterpoint in faulkner 's '' the wild palms '' wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   wt jewkes  1961.0 
a-type granites : geochemical characteristics   discrimination and petrogenesis contributions to mineralogy and petrology   jb whalen   kl currie   bw chappell  1987.0 
improving accuracy in end-to-end packet loss measurement j sommers   p barford   n duffield   a ron proceedings acm sigcomm   2005.0    
the war between the quals and the quants : is a lasting peace possible ? 1994.0 ph rossi new directions for program evaluation    
ontoedit : guiding ontology development by methodology and inferencing y sure   j angele   s staab lecture notes in computer science     2002.0 
stochastic aspects of the force network in a regular granular piling j. phys . i france   c eloy   e clement  1997.0 
1992 . reach | a real-time active and heterogeneous mediator system ap buchmann   h branding   t kudrass   j zimmermann  acm sigmod  
user evaluation of the mask kiosk l lamel   s bennacef   jl gauvain   
the nucleus : panel discussion cr o'dell study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 
fish   robert s. kraut   robert e. : expressive richness : a comparison of speech and text as media for proceedings of acm be chalfonte   
properties of ridge waveguide sb cohn  proc . ire    
the potential application of filial therapy to the school situation mp andronico   bg guerney jr see ref      
a unified approach for interpreting handwritten strokes b shizuki   h yamada   k iizuka   j tanala procs . 2003 ieee symposium on human-centric computing ( hcc03  
customer experience in a merchandising platform   june 2002 ch bell sigmod conference keynote    
the ejection of atoms from gold crystals during proton irradiation mw thompson phil . mag      
de hosson jtm . s mogck   bj kooi phil . mag    
strategic decision processes in high velocity environments : four cases in the microcomputer industry management science   lj bourgeois iii   km eisenhardt  1988.0 
icarus corporation : rockville ip evaluator    
on no-regret learning   fictitious play   and nash equilibrium a jafari   a greenwald   d gondek   g ercal    
hierarchical schemata for relational databases 1981.0 ye lien acm transactions on database systems ( tods )    
computational topology of equivariant maps from spheres to complement of arrangements   arxi v : math p blagojevic   s vrecica   r zivaljevic    
instant-win products and prize draw : are these forms of gambling m griffiths   
comparing rebuild algorithms for mirrored and raid5 disk arrays ry hou   yn patt    
temporal abstractions and case-based reasoning for medical course data : two prognostic applications lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 r schmidt   l gierl   
designing robust sample interfacing equipment for infrared process analysis at process   1997.0 wm doyle   na jennings   
deterministic simulation in logspace proceedings of the nineteenth annual acm conference on & hellip ;   1987.0 m ajtai   j komlos   e szemeredi   
what should a wildebeest say ? interactive nature films for high school classrooms bk smith   bj reiser    
studies of arsenic ingestion from drinking water in northeastern taiwan : chemical speciation and md   j froines   
applying an update method to a set of receivers 2001.0 m andries   l cabibbo   j paredaens   j van den acm transactions on database systems    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?an application level video gateway   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in e amir   s mccanne   h zhang proc . acm multimedia    
using squids to address forwarding pointer aliasing jp grossman   j brown   a huang   t knight   
new results from the ccfr collaboration d harris proc . 28th international conference on high energy physics   & hellip ;      
leveraging higher education for workforce development tr horgan 2002.0  new directions for higher education    
techniques for orthotopic liver transplantation in the rat and some studies of the immunologic fa zimmermann   gw butcher   hs davies   g brons   n transplant proc   1979.0    
sub-and superadditive properties of fejã © râ ?? s sine polynomial h alzer   s koumandos    
neural network processing of perceptual signal representations vc georgopoulos   d preis proceedings of ainn â ?? 90   zurich   switzerland      
evaluation of urinary nmp22 ( nuclear matrix protein 22 ) as a diagnostic marker for urothelial cancer 1997.0 h akaza   n miyanaga   t tsukamoto   s ishikawa   r gan to kagaku ryoho    
building invisible interfaces . keynote talk proc . acm uist   m weiser   
comparison of trends and variability in cru   era-40 and ncep/ncar analyses of monthly-mean surface aj simmons   pd jones   v da costa bechtold   acm   2004.0 
now hear this b rayner  electronic business    
prob-view : a flexible probabilstic database system vs lakshamanan laks   l nicola   r robert   vs  acm transactions on database systems    
harden the tcp/ip stack microsoft corporation   h to   
dynamic video clustering and annotation q li   jcm lee  proc . of 18th int . conf . on vldb    
advanced surface ship evaluation tool ( asset ) user guide the boeing company   seattle   washington   bcs   md devine   
sit-in : a real-life spatio-temporal information system g sindoni   p ticca   l tininini   a ambrosetti   c proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0    
clotho : decoupling memory page layout from storage organization m shao   j schindler   s schlosser   a ailamaki   gr  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
specifications of concurrent and distributed systems acm press frontier series   1993.0 we weihl   
towards an empirical evaluation of cbr approaches for product recommendation-in electronic shops s weibelzahl   r bergmann   g weber i > procs . of the eighth german workshop on case-based & hellip ;      
loss differentiated multicast congestion control ys gan   ck tham computer networks     2003.0 
pseudo column level locking n ponnekanti & hellip ;   2001 . proceedings . 17th international conference on   2001.0    
measuring and illustrating statistical evidence in a cost-effectiveness analysis js hoch   jd blume    
endothelial-derived relaxing factors : focus on nitric oxide sm gardiner   t bennett see ref      
explaining stochastic volatility in asset prices 1999.0 d kelly   d steigerwald   
words for the world : creating critical environmental literacy for adults rs clair new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0    
hankel operators and continuity properties of best approximation operators algebra i analiz   vv peller   
the antenna theorem of optical heterodyne receivers ae siegman  proc . ieee    
the functional dependency model for logical database design vldb   1979.0 bc housel   
tight performance bounds of heuristics for a real-time scheduling problem y oh   sh son  submitted for  
anii kosbik   ds 1993 ba myers   rg mcdaniel & hellip ; complete user interfaces by demonstration . [ n proceedings of  
a brief introduction to discrete-event simulation programming languages . acm sigplan notes   28 ( 3 )   p kiviat  proceedings of hopl-ii history of programming languages  
flexible relations-operational support of variant relational structures proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 c kalus   p dadam   
the anatomy and physics of avian structural colours ro prum proc . int . ornithol . congr      
the whitehead group of the novikov ring   e-print : math av pajitnov   a ranicki at/0012031    
analysis of relationships between selected background factors and job performance of beginning male hh austman  1961.0 
the faculty member yesterday and today m freedman   n sanford new directions for higher education     1973.0 
comparison of three vertical search spiders m chau    
responses of grizzly bears to logging truck traffic in the kimsquit river valley   british columbia international conference on bear research and management   wr archibald   r ellis   an hamilton   
quantile decomposition of a density db kim   1999.0 
theory of technical systems : a total concept theory for engineering design v hubka   we eder   1988.0 
corbaservices : common object services specification r edition    
semantic and pedagogic interoperability mechanisms in the ariadne educational repository sigmod record   e forte   f haenni   k warkentyne   e duval   k  1999.0 
laptops in the humanities : classroom walls come tumbling down 2005.0 be weaver new directions for teaching and learning    
user learning and performance with marking menus   w buxton    
second report on the biology and status of the arroyo toad ( bufo microscaphus californicus ) on the ss sweet  1993.0 
cmoraga   â ?? design of multivalued circuit using genetic algorithmsâ ?? w wenjun  ieee proc . 26th-int . symp . on multiple-valued logic    
laser material processing of shape memory alloys h haferkamp   f von alvensleben   s nolte   g kamlage laseropto-stuttgart -   1999.0    
bonding and routing practice with respect on lightning protection and emc e montandon proc . 21st int . conf . lightning    
interactions   an interactive multimedia installation d birchfield  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
asset stock accumulation and the sustainability of competitive advantage : reply i dierickx   k cool management science   1989.0 
identification of an extended half-site motif required for the function of peroxisome proliferator - genes to cells   1997.0 s osada   t tsukamoto   m takiguchi   m mori   t osumi   
new narrow cs states from cleo these proceedings the cleo collaboration ( d. besson et al ) hep - s stone   
the role of public exposure in moral and nonmoral shame and guilt rh smith   jm webster   wg parrott   hl eyre journal of personality and social psychology   2002.0    
model independent assertions for integration of heterogeneous schemas s spaccapietra   c parent   y dupont the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1992.0    
interpreting prrsv sequencing data j collins proceedings of the allen d. leman swine conference    
steering controllable systems   '' rm murray   ss sastry proc . 29th ieee cdc   honolulu   hawaii   dec      
happiness is everything   or is it ? explorations on the meaning of psychological well-being cd ryff  journal of personality and social psychology   1989.0 
interoperability of data parallel runtime libraries g edjlali   a sussman   j saltz   
microsoft . com : a high-scale data management and transaction processing solution proc s kennamer acm sigmod      
water and human health fe mcjunkin    
conference report : the future of german teaching . british and european perspectives on the journal of european area studies   i wanner  2001.0 
regularity is decidable for normed bpa and normed bpp processes in polynomial time 1996.0 a kucera proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ;    
case marking and subject extraction in danish b ã?rsnes   
handwritten digit recognition via deformable prototypes t hastie   r tibshirani unpublished manuscript   1993.0    
expressive writing and coping with job loss sp spera   ed buhrfeind   jw pennebaker  the academy of management journal   1994.0 
de la   jr   avault   jw jr & smitherman   ro ( 1969 ) effects of soil and water hardness on survival and l bretonne jr proceedings of the 23rd annual  
primary aortoenteric fistula in the emergency department journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 fl mirarchi   md scheatzle   rj mitre   
collaborative ontology construction for integration a farquhar   r fikes   w pratt   j rice  technical report   knowledge systems laboratory   stanford  
ak savchenko mesoscopic effects in hopping conductivity of gaas mesfet ei laiko   ao orlov proceedings of 25 thsu conference on low-temperature physics & hellip ;    
a study to determine the value and effectiveness of online distance learning to technical and dk martinek  2002.0 
bear management and sheep husbandry in norway with a discussion of predatory behavior significant i mysterud  international conference on bear research and management    
energy rehabilitation of multi-use buildings . 1997.0 m santamouris   
encouraging critical reflection in preservice teacher education : a narrative of a personal learning c van halen-faber new directions for adult and continuing education     1997.0 
an experimental comparison of locking policies in a testbed database system wh kohler   kc wilner   ja stankovic proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     1983.0 
scott w. desposato q training    
an engineer 's perception of the path to the executive suite sr premeaux   r comish   s premeaux   
version 4.0 f simulator microsoft corporation      
et tu   xml ? the downfall of the relational empire 2001.0 p wadler proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
questions on the human frontiers of geography hc brookfield economic geography     1964.0 
krovoobrashchenie ( erevan ) no . i   vm khayutin   ye malyarenko   
trie hashing proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference w litwin   
understanding and using the implicit association test : ii . methodological issues ba nosek   ag greenwald   mr banaji  unpublished manuscript    
management of data and services in the environmental information system ( uis ) of baden-wuerttemberg wf riekert   r mayer-foell   g wiest 1997.0  sigmod record    
a344683   p. 5 [ 421 ]   dm exh . 38 1979.0 c no   
andries . the brown university student operating system proc . acm 22nd nat . conf   ds wile   rg munck   dam van   
askstrider : what has changed on my machine lately ? ym wang   r roussev   c verbowski   a johnson   d ladd   
lambda-coloring of graphs lecture notes in computer science   hl bodlaender   t kloks   rb tan   j van leeuwen  2000.0 
an examination of university of wisconsin-stout studentsâ ?? perceptions of their secondary career 2002.0 ly reich   
50456 ( september 27   2004 ) ; 69 fr 59285 ( october 4   2004 ) . the sec also approved amendments to nyse ear no   
high nest losses in capercaillie and black grouse in norway t storaas   p wegge  proc . int . grouse symp    
design and implementation of a genetic-based algorithm for data mining s choenni  vldb   2000.0 
synthesis of interface specifications for java classes r alur   p cerny   p madhusudan   w nam   
user acceptance of information technology : inside the american home v venkatesh   sa brown   
spatial operators . acms anthology sigmod record     2000.0 
the emergence of linked fish markets in europe i graham electronic markets   1998.0    
unbundling active functionality . sigmod record   acms anthology  1998.0 
new spaces of law enforcement : closed circuit television   public behaviour and the policing of m goodwin   c johnstone   k williams  association of american geographers annual conference   & hellip ;    
2005 annual conference : presidential address b chambers    
dredged-material disposal planning programs dt ford water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;     1988.0 
direct medullary arterioles and arteriovenous anastomoses in the arcuate sponges of the kidney hj barrie   sj klebanoff   gw cates lancet   i     1950.0 
typhoon-zero implementation : the vortex module rw pfile computer sciences technical report-university of wisconsin & hellip ;     1995.0 
systems analysis of radiation safety and disassembling the equipment of the power-generating units bk bylkin   vy shpitser at .  
user interfaces ; who cares ? 1994.0 s spaccapietra proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
rescherche et development de propergols aerobies a fort exposant de pression [ c ] b foureat   c maason proc of the 21st int annu conf of ict      
basestation collaboration in bluetooth voice networks computer networks   2003.0 j xue   td todd   
amit-the situation manager a adi   o etzion  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
improving performance in replicated databases through relaxed coherency   m nicola proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0    
in vivo absorption properties of algal pigments rr bidigare   me ondrusek   jh morrow   da kiefer proc .    
educational guidance [ cd-rom ] ja fruehling microsoftâ ® encarta    
the triangle : a multiprocessor architecture for fast curve and surface generation ad derose   tj holman  submitted for  
measuring complexity and coverage of software specifications information & software technology   2000.0 gh walton   jh poore   
building a strategic model for edinburgh j bates   m brewer   p hanson   d mcdonald   d proceedings of seminar d   ptrc 19th summer annual meeting      
an environment for management of end-to-end qos over ip-based heterogeneous networks jpr costa   ab de lima   cr barra   jra amazonas    
of the sixth east-european conference on advances in databases and information systems adbis ' 2002 sa stupnikov   la kalinichenko   d jin song  2002.0 
peoplesoft acts on dip in user satisfaction c stedman computerworld    
ieee-p1451 . 2 smart transducer interface module proceedings sensors expo philadelphia   s woodsâ ? ¦   
connectionist learning in backgammon jr bachrach coins technical report   university of massachusetts   amherst   ma  
primary care physician and patient factors that result in patients seeking emergency care in a d boushy   i dubinsky journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
overstocking the range : a critical analysis of the environmental science of sahelian pastoralism m turner economic geography   1993.0    
designing collaborative learning places : psychological foundations and new frontiers ka graetz   mj goliber new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
the dis-diseasing of mental health h goolishian unpublished manuscript    
amord explicit control of reasoning acm sigart bulletin   j de kleer   j doyle   gl steele jr   gj sussman  1977.0 
an analyzable annotation language s khurshid   d marinov   d jackson   
rudy setiiono   huan liu   a connectionist approach to data mining h lu proceedings of the 21st vldb   zurish   swizerland      
et alii ( 1999 ) . â ?? ipchinook : an integrated ip-based design framework for distributed embedded p chou  proceedings   acm press    
le laurium antique et la technique grecque de la production de lâ ?? argent ec konofagos   1980.0 
andj . yen   â ?? comparisonofteleworkintheusandjapan : aculturalcontingency model   â ?? proc . of acm sigcpr/sigmis conf   k higa   v sivakumar   
enlists participants external to the development organization to use and test the product . 4.2 b testing  release demonstration versionâ ?? enables pre-release product  
hierarchical behavioural control for autonomous vehicles c voudouris   p chernett   cj wang   vl callaghan  procs . of the 2nd ifac conf . on intelligent autonomous  
physical programming : software you can touch j montemayor proceedings of acm sigchi   acm press   2001.0    
the nucleus : panel discussion study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   1976.0 fl whipple   
parallel systems specitications with coloured petri nets and algebraic specifications j vautherin lecture notes in computer science   1986.0    
the links between labour markets and housing markets in melbourne   final report for the australian isbn   koâ ?? conner   e healy   
heparin for pregnant women with acquired or inherited thrombophilias mc walker   se ferguson   vm allen cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
on the supposed weight and ultimate fate of radiation phil . mag   o lodge   
a componentized architecture for scalable market exchange b reich   i ben-shaul   
drill a vpn through the internet t pompili  pc magazine    
efficient k-nn search on vertically decomposed data proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   ap de vries   n mamoulis   n nes   m kersten  2002.0 
april-a strategic model for road pricing jj bates   in williams proceedings of seminar d   ptrc summer annual meeting      
overview of the pips project f irigoin   p jouvelot   r triolet    
high energy physics c collab  proc . 29th int . conf.   ichepâ ?? 98   vancouver   canada   jul. .  
limits on t-quark decay into charged higgs from a direct search at the cern proton-antiproton 1991.0 c albajar   r kinnunen   j tuominiemi   v karimaki   m oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
efficient variants of the icp algorithm s rusinkiewicz   m levoy   
architectural optimization using real options theory and dependency structure matrices d sharman   a yassine   p carlile    
yatzkar-haham ; t. push technology personalization through event correlation a adi   d botzer   o etzion  vldb    
bob based programming and formalizations v jamwal   s iyer technical report kresit   iit bombay   india   2005 . available at :  
simulation from the multivariate normal and student-t distributions subject to linear constraints j geweke proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface      
design and evaluation of network interfaces for system area networks ss mukherjee  1998.0 
effects of education and educational credentials on the earnings of economically disadvantaged young jm bos 1996.0    
architecture layers and engineering approach for agent-based system sk lee   cs hwang information and software technology    
schedulingsupportforconcurrencyandpar-allelisminthemachoperatingsystem ieee computer   dl black   
interventions for basal cell carcinoma of the skin f bath   j bong   w perkins   h williams cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
fatkin : vibrational energy transfer database and solver using chemkin bj kirby technical report 2001-001-1 .0   stanford university htgl      
deformation of a cylindrical drop in a vibrational field aa albuzhev   dv lyubimov  proc . on cd 29th summer schoolâ ?? advanced problems in  
the ecology and sociology of the norway rat . us department of health   education   and welfare   jb calhoun md    
ircs : infrared camera and spectrograph for the subaru telescope proc . spie   2000.0 n kobayashi   at tokunaga   h terada   m goto   m   
robust baseline-independent algorithms for segmentation and reconstruction of arabic handwritten k mostafa   am darwish 2003.0  proceedings of spie    
the mglur2/3 agonist   ly379268   attenuates reinstatement of heroin and sucrose seeking induced by re jm bossert   sy liu   y shaham   2004.0 
the hierarchical degree-of-visibility tree ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   l shou   z huang   kl tan  2004.0 
underage drinking and access to alcohol : purchase md   e citations  2004.0 
development of a methodology for the assessment of sustainability in intensively managed forested 2003.0 jc azevedo   xb wu   mg messina   rf fisher   
evolution of part of the lower critical zone farm ruighoek western bushveld . ja mcdonald  1963.0 
energy research and development corporation ( australia ) project report no. 37 rm gifford 1991.0    
sand plain forest fragmentation and residential development   invercargill city   new zealand see ref   da norton   
insite : a tool for real-time knowledge discovery from users web navigation c shahabi   a faisal   fb kashani   j faruque  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
emotional suppression : physiology   self-report   and expressive behavior jj gross   rw levenson journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0    
an infrared lateral shearing interferometer for plasma diagnostic and infrared optical components d apostol   i apostol   in mihailescu  & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
new techniques and tools ease design of custom vlsi dg fairbairn   al haines  electronic  
preparing the wound bed-debridement   bacterial balance   and moisture balance rg sibbald   d williamson   hl orstedâ ? ¦   
winter water quality in lakes and streams 1988.0 dj calkins   gd ashton water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;    
adult learning and life histories : opportunities and issues for qualitative research at the british & hellip ; . proceedings of the 23rd annual scutrea conference   lincoln   a thomson   
1998 . unbundling active functionality s gatziuâ ? ¦  acm sigmod  
interdependent parameters of circadian activity rhythms in birds and man see ref   j aschoff   u gerecke   a kureck   h pohl   p rieger     
inside server-based applications 1999.0 dj reilly   
oql-an object-oriented query language am alashqur   syw su   h lam proc . of the intâ ?? l conf . on vldb    
simulation estimates of the net employment impacts of an employment subsidy program for long term d greenberg   d meyer   c michalopoulos   p robins unpublished document . new york : manpower demonstration & hellip ;      
visual and haptic interactions in the perception of stiffness in virtual environments aj cividanes  2000.0 
assessment of seismic and infrasound signals in korea with ground truth b stump   ms jun   c hayward   js jeon   iy che   sm   
the query optimizer in tandem 's new serverware sql product p celis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0    
querying aggregate data proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst   s grumbach   m rafanelli   l tininini  1999.0 
physics 134 lectures : spring quarter university of california   santa barbara   p lubin   
british council | porto editora learn from your mistakes how often do we think of studentsâ ?? errors w sheila  talk | demonstration _ sec | ta learning strategies room :  
i/o brush : drawing with everyday objects as ink k ryokai   s marti   h ishii proceedings of acm chi   2004.0    
hardiness and health : a prospective study sc kobasa   sr maddi   s kahn  journal of personality and social psychology   1982.0 
electrical characterization of li and n doped znse ( abstract only ) oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 e kuusisto   j lilja   k imai   m pessa   
inside visual c++   ch . 21 dj kruglinski  1996.0 
keynote address seventh international world wide web conference t berners-lee   
double-strand break repair mediated by dna end-joining y tsukamoto   h ikeda genes to cells     1998.0 
tracking objects using density matching and shape priors t zhang   d freedman    
interventions for preventing blood loss during the treatment of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia pl martin-hirsch   h kitchener cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
building better theory : time and the specification of when things happen tr mitchell   lr james 2001.0  academy of management review    
effect of auto-tuning with userâ ?? s knowledge for numerical software t katagiri   k kise   h honda 2004.0  proceedings of acm computing frontiers    
the human herpesvirus 6 u51-encoded chemokine receptorlike protein down regulates expression of the rsb milne   l nicholson   p devaraj   ua gompels  proceedings of the 23rd international herpesvirus workshop    
futz factorâ ?? measurement tough to pin down in tco p dryden computerworld      
md 1994 matthew f. kohler md barber  md    
pesto : an integrated query/browser for object databases   v maganty  vldb   1996.0 
conformations of the rhodopsin third cytoplasmic loop grafted onto bacteriorhodopsin   using afm jb heymannâ ? ¦    
analyzing factors that influence end-to-end web performance www9 / computer networks   2000.0 b krishnamurthy   ce wills   
personality resemblances between unwed mothers and their adopted-away offspring journal of personality and social psychology   1982.0 jc loehlin   l willerman   jm horn   
comparison of chen medium and optisol-gs for human corneal preservation at 4 ^ oc : results of 2001.0 wm bourne   lr nelson   lj maguire   kh baratz   do cornea-new york -    
qbi : query by icons a massari   l saladini   
micronutrient distributions in the east siberian and laptev seas during summer 1963 la codispoti   fa richards  1968.0 
chemistry of s-nitrosothiols d lyn   h williams acc . chem . res    
circuit layout 1981.0 j soukup ieee   proceedings    
tomalâ ?? a high-level programming language for microprocessor process control applications rb kieburtz   jl hennessy   
in memory of bob kooi ( 1951â ?? 1993 ) acm sigmod record   m stonebraker  1994.0 
verischemelog : verilog embedded in scheme j jennings   e beuscher    
extending hierarchical reinforcement learning to continuous-time   average-reward   and multi-agent m ghavamzadeh   s mahadevan   r makar   
integration of computational models inspired by economics and genetics bt technology journal   2000.0 p kearney   re smith   c bonacina   t eymann   
solid phase organic synthesis : novelty orjundamental concept h rapoport   ji crowley  acc . chem . res    
l'art du code sa maguire   1995.0 
co-learning in the community 2000.0 rm curry   p cunningham new directions for adult and continuing education    
black bear denning ecology in interior alaska me smith   jl hechtel   eh follmann  international conference on bear research and management    
41-stannual meeting of the division of plasma physics of the american physical society dt garnier   m mauel   j kesnerâ ? ¦ seattle   washington   november    
the directionality of ruvab-mediated branch migration : in vitro studies with three-armed junctions k hiom   ir tsaneva   sc west  genes to cells   1996.0 
disseminated mycobacterium peregrinum infection in a child with complete ifnî ³ r1 deficiency e koscielnak   l naumann   jl casanova   thm   2001.0 
two continuums collide : accreditation and assessment jl ratcliff   es lubinescu   ma gaffney new directions for higher education   2001.0    
curry c and thompson bj 1963 j clift phil . mag      
a.   and rudd   jb   1932 va bailey phil . mag      
designing speech user interfaces 1998.0 n yankelovich   j lai proceedings of acm chi    
daytona proceedings of the sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   r greer   
agent-based modellingâ ?? intelligent customer relationship management n baxter   d collings   i adjali bt technology journal   2003.0    
inside visual c++   version 1.5 d kruglinski  1994.0 
qualitative distances 1995.0 d hernandez   e clementini   p di felice lecture notes in computer science    
enhancing adult learning through interdisciplinary studies 2004.0 dw ntiri   ra schindler   s henry new directions for adult and continuing education    
correlates of job satisfaction : some evidence from the national surveys cn weaver the academy of management journal   1974.0 
the media gateway architecture : a prototype for active services e amir   s mccanne   r katz proceedings of acm    
on edgeworth expansions and the bootstrap pj bickel   da freedman unpublished manuscript    
analyzing quantitative databases : image is everything a amir   r kashi   ns netanyahu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
inside dynamic html 1997.0 s isaacs   
r. rakhlin   a. and verri a. : 2001   â ?? bâ ?? . technical report ai memo 2001-011   massachusetts institute t poggio   sr mukherjee   
twisted orbifold k-theory preprint math a adem   y ruan    
quality-driven integration of heterogeneous information systems 1999.0 f naumann   u leser   jc freytag proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
common object file format specification 4.1 p executable  1994.0 
truth and approximate truth in metric spaces 1997.0 ce ortiz   
modeling the cosmos : the shape of the universe   keynote address a lasenby siggraph   san diego    
pc user groups reach out 1993.0 mk flynn pc magazine    
optimizing indirect branch prediction accuracy in virtual machine interpreters ma ertl   d gregg   
schrã ¶ dinger operators : with application to quantum mechanics and global geometry 1987.0 hl cyconâ ? ¦   
testing a walkthrough methodology for theory-based design of walk-up-and-use interfaces proceedings of chi   c lewis   p polson   c wharton   j rieman  1990.0 
mesh optimization 1992.0 h hugues   t derose   t duchampâ ? ¦   
wingo : inside visual c++ 6.0 s kruglinski  1998.0 
itâ ?? s the customer   stupidâ ?? â ?? s roberts-witt pc magazine/internet business    
liveness verification of discrete-event systems modeled by n-safe petri nets kx he   md lemmon proc . of the 21st int . conf . on application and theory of & hellip ;    
behavioral indicators of customer satisfaction with vendor-provided information services rl heckman   wr king proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;     1994.0 
coss : the common object services specifications be martin proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     1994.0 
calculated vertical cutoff rigidities for the int . space station during magnetically quiet times df smart   ma shea   eo flã 1/4 ckiger proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf      
black   19 . j. ( 1953 ) k robinson phil . mag      
communicating safety assurance-a case study msc thesis   department of computer science   university of york   jl fenn   
taming the underlying challenges of reliable multihop routing in sensor networks a woo   t tong   d culler proceedings of the first international conference on & hellip ;     2003.0 
the montage extensible datablade proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   m ubell   
694 university of r no   
global qcd analysis of parton structure of the nucleon : cteq5 parton distributions hl lai   j huston   s kuhlmann   j morfin   f olness   the european physical journal c-particles and fields   2000.0 
empire state college : can there be an experimenting college ? . j lindquist 1976.0  new directions for higher education    
interpreting uml-statecharts in a modalâµ-calculus j broersen   r wieringa unpublished manuscript    
a dbms prototype to support non-first normal form relations : an integrated view on flat tables and p dadamâ ? ¦ sigmod proc      
new jersey : final report on the grant diversion project s freedman   j bryant   g cave   mr bangser 1988.0    
heat kernels and dirac operators n berline   e getzler   m vergne  1996.0 
management of data and services for environmental applications wf riekert   
forms of interorganizational governance for multinational alliances rn osborn   cc baughn the academy of management journal   1990.0    
java ight is type-safeâ ?? definitely t nipkow   d von oheimb    
bedeutung organischer fraktionen in kommunalem abwasser im hinblick auf die mathematische u sollfrank dissertation no 8765   eth-zurich   switzerland      
keynote address p brown european conference on hypertext ( paris   1990 )   cambridge & hellip ;    
pitz-paal r. price h. trough integration into power plants-a study on the performance and economy of j dersch   m geyer   u herrmann   sa jones   b kelly    solarpaces international symposium   zurich   switzerland    
compiling high-level languages for real-time embedded systems cs ananian   m rinard    
qbi : query by icons . acms anthology   p edition    
keynote address on concurrent programming pb hansen    
a vlsi implementable handwritten digit recognition system lc agba   r sharkar   as pandyaâ ? ¦ proceedings of international joint conference on neural & hellip ;   1990.0    
quantifying schema evolution information and software technology   d sjã ¸   
the development and application of data base design tools and methodology vldb   1980.0 dk jefferson   
operational quantum physics p busch   m grabowski   pj lahti   1997.0 
survey research and political socialization mk jennings santa barbara : university of california      
on meta-modeling for communication in operational process control engineering h albrecht    
powers . 1999 . making sense of teaching methods in computer education kd powers   t daniel proc . 29th asee/ieee frontiers in education conference    
on the characteristics of the receiver of an mti radar & hellip ; : conference on radar meteorology   22nd   zurich   switzerland & hellip ;   1984.0 j aoyagi   
serotonin ~ 1 ~ b receptor activation mimics behavioral effects of presynaptic serotonin release nl rempel   cw callaway   ma geyer neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -     1993.0 
analyzing the financial state of colleges and universities . new directions for higher education   1979.0 c frances   aj stenner   
innovative colleges : challenge to faculty development n ralph   n freedman new directions in higher education     1973.0 
the ins and outs ( and everything in between ) of data warehousing sigmod record   d schneider   p fernandez  1996.0 
competitive strategies for electronic marketplaces electronic markets   drt kollmann  2000.0 
intelligent query model for business characteristics r ribeiro   a moreira    
theory of rayleigh scattering using finite-n random-matrix theory r zimmermann   e runge    
tamoxifen for relapse of ovarian cancer cj williams  cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
impact of ghettoization on black employment economic geography   1972.0 s davies   dl huff   
the mechanism of mutual flame annihilation of stoichiometric premixed methane-air flames t echekki   jh chen   ir gran  proc . 26th symp . ( int . ) on  
understanding intranets t greer   1998.0 
monitoring and blunting : validation of a questionnaire to assess styles of information seeking under sm miller journal of personality and social psychology     1987.0 
testing a walkthrough methodology for theory-based design of walk-up-and-use interfaces   1990 c lewis   p polson   c wharton   j rieman proceedings of acm chi â ?? 90   seattle    
the medusa project : autonomous data management in a shared-nothing parallel database machine proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   gm bryan   we moore   bj curry   kw lodge   j geyer  1994.0 
clay-size carbonate in the northwest atlantic   labrador sea : an indicator for laurentide ice sheet me kirby  proceedings of the 25th arctic workshop   centre dâ ?? ã?tudes & hellip ;    
artificial neural networks in process engineering & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   mj willis   c di massimo   ga montague   mt tham   aj  1991.0 
what do i know about language learning ? the story of the beginning teacher j brown   j mcgannon  proceedings of the 23rd alaa ( australian linguistics & hellip ;    
changes in the surface heat transfer coefficient during meat thawing sj james   c bailey  proc 28th eur meeting meat res workers   madrid    
vibronic interactions in molecules and crystals 1989.0 ib bersuker   vz polinger   
systeme de stereovision pour la detection dâ ?? obstacles et de vehicule temps reel g toulminet   a bensrhair   s mousset   a broggi   p  procs . 18th symposium  
packet fragmentation in inter-network protokols jf shoch computer networks    
database selection using complete physical and acquired logical collection resources in a massive proc . of the 28th international conf . on very large jg conrad   xs guo   p jackson   m meziou   
three-level model for a pulse-operated optically pumped far-infrared molecular laser hja bluyssen   re mcintosh   af van etteger   p wyder & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;     1976.0 
study of a mathematical model of a flexible solar array sub-panel assembly ( velsa 2 ) kj zimmermann 1979.0    
single-molecule optoelectronics . th lee   ji gonzalez   j zheng   rm dickson  acc . chem . res   2005.0 
the notion of active ob ject-oriented databases s reich   
the application of solid state laser diodes to soldering 1992.0 dg whitehead   av polijanczuk   pm beckett & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry   proceedings   25 th & hellip ;    
autoregulation of subtilin biosynthesis : identification of conserved pentanucleotide direct repeats   submitted for publication   m kleerebezem   r bongers   g rutten   wm de vos   op   
mental health problems and symptoms among male adolescents attending a teen health clinic pb smith   rs buzi   ml weinman  adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 
knowledge about the deleterious effects of smoking and its relationship to smoking cessation among adolescence-san diego -   2000.0 sa albrecht   lw higgins   h lebow   
replication and consistency : being lazy helps sometimes y breitbart   hf korth   
practitioner problems in need of database research : research directions in knowledge discovery r krishnamurthy   t imielinski  sigmod record    
glow discharge in gas flow physics and applications ap napartovich   ys akishev proc . 21st int . conf . phenomena in ionized gases   proc .    
simulation data as data streams g abdulla   t critchlow   w arrighi  sigmod record   2004.0 
automating metadata updates exemplified by the environmental data catalogue udk & hellip ; 8th international conference on management of data ( comad &#39; r nikolai   a koschel   r kramer   
no one in my group can be below the group 's average : a robust positivity blas in favor of anonymous y klar   ee giladi journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0    
executable specifications of c++ classes s kamin   t kraus submitted for publication    
critical database technologies for high energy physics dm malon   en may proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0    
inside ole2 k brockenschmidt   1995.0 
promoting employment in public housing communities : learning from the jobs-plus demonstration s bliss   j riccio 2001.0    
deformation structures in zone-melted molybâ denum a lawley   hl gaigher phil . mag      
computational methods for hydrofoil craft in steady and unsteady flow fv walree  1999.0 
academic press : new york   1982 . ( c ) knowles rb morin   m gorman j. acc . chem . res      
behavior of coal fired supersonic diagonal type mhd generator with external control circuit proc . 29th symp . engng . aspects mhd   ix   m ishikawa   t suemura   m fujita   j umoto   
micro installation requires careful planning . computerworld.   d neibaur  1983.0 
these universitã © bordeaux-i   c galusinski   
cicero : epistulae ad familiares dr shackleton bailey vol .    
hop by hop routing multicast protocol . proceedings of acm l costa   s fdida   o duarte   
faster ram tackles data and marketplace bottlenecks ld paulson   
analysis of the context dependency of codasyl find-statements with application to database program gb demo   s kundu   
a time delay neural network algorithm for real-time pedestrian detection c wohler   jk aulaf   t portner   u franke procs . ieee intelligent vehicles  
developing the access network 1998.0 pw france   dm spirit   s whitt bt technology journal    
push technology personalization through event correlation proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   a adi   d botzer   o etzion   t yatzkar-haham  2000.0 
latex-safe emergency cart products list journal of emergency nursing   1998.0 ml bernstein   
efficient computation of basis vectors of the address sequence lattice submitted for publication   j ramanujam   
rapid development : taming wild software schedules s mcconnell   
a statistical framework for peptide identification from tandem mass spectrometry data 2003.0 kh jarman   wr cannon   kd jarman   a heredia-langner   
new feature for module protection in simula j palme  acm sigplan notices   1976.0 
the fable begins to break down j gindin 1967.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
shocktunnel studies on lateral jets/hypervelocity cross flow kw naumann   h ende   a george   g mathieu proc 21st int symp shock waves   australia    
a secure address resolution protocol 2003.0 mg gouda   ct huang computer networks    
properties and genetic regulation of tetrahymena galactokinase je lavine 1980.0    
reducing system fragmentation in dynamically partitionable mesh-connected architectures j srisawat   na alexandridis procs . of intâ ?? l conf . on parallel and distributed    
picture programming project . acms anthology   p edition   
carboplatin and etoposide with hyperfractionated radiotherapy in children with newly diagnosed aw walter   a gajjar   js ochs   jw langston   ra    
a short questionnaire to assess motion sickness susceptibility ( mssq-short ) : normative values   jf golding proceedings of the xxxvii symposium international dâ ?? & hellip ;    
the stacking-fault energy of graphite c baker   yt chou   a kelly  phil . mag    
unbundling active functionality current trends in data management technology   idea group & hellip ;   a koschel   s gatziu   g von bultzingsloewen   h   
national evaluation of welfare-to-work strategies s freedman   
fuzzy logic guidance and obstacle avoidance algorithms for autonomous vehicle control jw baxter   jr bumby  procs . of the int . workshop on intell . autonomous  
c harles e. youman . role-based access control models rs sandhu   ej coyne   hl feinstein ieee computer      
the varicella-zoster virus immediate-early 62 promoter contains a negative regulatory element that virology-new york -   1995.0 h moriuchi   m moriuchi   ji cohen   
a national health service ? the restructuring of health care in britain since 1979 political geography   1998.0 a cochrane   
putting things together coherently : logic and justice er house new directions for program evaluation   1995.0 
optimising query evaluation with quotient databases . advances in databases and information systems s link   tt jm  7th east european conference   adbis    
topaz : a cost-based   rule-driven   multi-phase parallelizer c nippl   b mitschang 1998.0    
critical stability constants   vol . 1 plenum   new york   ae martell   rm smith   
supplemental health insurance r garratt   jm marshall    
portfolio analysis-managing software as an asset & hellip ; of international conference software maintenance g verdugo   
requirements of i/o systems for parallel machines : an application-driven study   university of md   m uysal   a acharya   j saltz   
direct and intuitive input device for 3-d shape deformation t murakami   n nakajima    
an object-oriented system for engineering applications a kemper   pc lockemann   m wallrath  proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1987.0 
the task and ego orientation in sport questionnaire : psychometric properties unpublished manuscript   jl duda   jg nicholls   
et tu   xml ? the downfall of the relational empire ( abstract ) p wadler 2001.0  proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;    
evaluation of tone mapping operators using a high dynamic range display p ledda   a chalmers   t troscianko   h seetzen   s proceedings of acm siggraph 2005     2005.0 
the type concept in office document retrieval f barbic   f rabitti vldb    
model based halftoning using direct binary search m analoui   jp allebach proc . spie   1992.0 
support seeking and support giving within couples in an anxiety-provoking situation : the role of ja simpson   ws rholes   js nelligan  journal of personality and social psychology    
a classification-based approach to case-based reasoning a napoli   j lieber   a simon    
centralized versus decentralized coordination in the adult day health care evaluation study sc hedrick   jh sullivan   jl ehreth   ml rothman   rt  new directions for program evaluation   1991.0 
global electronic markets and global traditional markets electronic markets   2004.0 j guo   c sun   
curry : a truly functional logic language m hanus   h kuchen    
dynamic choice and asset marketsacademic press s altug   p labadie san diego      
assessing it competence in business managers g bassellier   bh reich   i benbasat    
implicit gender stereotyping in judgments of fame journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 mr banaji   ag greenwald   
andronsacks-davis . anecientindexingtechniqueforfull-text database systems am justinzobel proceedings of 18th international conference on very large & hellip ;    
an adaptive interactive agent for route adivce '   the third annual conference on autonomous agents s rogers   cn fiechter   p langley 1999.0    
the non-linearity of fixed resistors pl kirby electronic engineering    
comparison of a variable speed to a constant speed pitch regulated horizontal axis wind turbine n hille studienarbeit   danish technical university      
a note on two-scale convergence of differential operators n svanstedt   n wellander   
mixed motives aa beilinson  these  
eth d mathematik  ch-8092 zurich   switzerland e-mail address : embrechts @ math .  
growth deficit and chronic exposure to arsenic and lead modify neuropsychological responses in j calderã ³ n   me navarro   me jimã © nez-capdeville   a   
speech synthesis by rule using an optimal selection of non-uniform synthesis units y sagisaka   
the interactions of teaching improvement . kt brinko  new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
heparin for prolonging peripheral intravenous catheter use in neonates ( cochrane review ) ps shah   e ng   ak sinha cochrane database syst rev     2002.0 
egos   infighting   and politics : standards process bogged down s kolodziej   
peridot : creating user interfaces by demonstration ba myers    
van jacobson . on estimating end-to-end network path properties proceedings of acm m allman   
a discussion of the molecular mechanisms of moisture transport in epoxy resins cl soles   af yee   
analyzing data with graphpad prism   graphpad software inc hj motulski san diego   ca      
antecedents of source separation behavior : a comparison of two danish municipalities sc grunert marketing for an expanding europe : proceedings ofthe 25 & hellip ;    
utility of a single beta hcg measurement to evaluate for absence of ectopic pregnancy-prospective ka marill   te ingmire   bk nelson journal of emergency medicine     1999.0 
why people stay : using job embeddedness to predict voluntary turnover tr mitchell   bc holtom   tw lee   cj sablynski   m    
crafting a job : revisioning employees as active crafters of their work academy of management review   a wrzesniewski   je dutton  2001.0 
computer science and statistics cj geyer proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface   edited  
technical and strategic human resource management effectiveness as determinants of firm performance 1997.0 ma huselid   se jackson   rs schuler the academy of management journal    
adaptive solutions for dynamic markets agentlink technology conference   zurich   switzerland   m calisti   
a componentized architecture for dynamic electronic markets . sigmod record   acms anthology  1998.0 
attitude and selective learning : where are the phenomena of yesteryear ag greenwald   js sakumura journal of personality and social psychology     1967.0 
reproductive biology of black bears in east-central ontario gb kolenosky international conference on bear research and management      
assessing critical thinking sd brookfield 1997.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
ph : a parallel haskell la arvind   j hicks   rs nikhil   j stoy   w williams   
jobshop-like queueing systems management jr jackson   
antibiotics for prolonged moist cough in children cochrane database syst rev   2005.0 jm marchant   p morris   j gaffney   ab chang   
bv rybakov cross sections for the fission of th-232   u235 and u238 induced by 10-22 mev neutrons vm pankratov   na vlasov at . energy      
these de doctorates sciences techniques jn adami ecole polytechnique federale of zurich ( switzerland )   & hellip ;    
rubber band motor . physics demonstration hf meiners   
meadows : modeling   emulation   analysis of data of wireless sensors q luo   lm ni   b he   h wu   w xue  proc . of the vldb workshop on data management for sensor & hellip ;    
carbon : electrochemical and physicochemical properties k kinoshita   1988.0 
non-uniform spatial sampling in eeg source localization cg bã © nar   j gotman  proceedings of the 23rd international conference of the ieee & hellip ;    
click : modular   flexible   and efficient pc routers [ z ] b chen   e kohler   m poletto    
uload : choosing the right storage for your xml application a arion   v benzaken   i manolescu   r vijay proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;     2005.0 
a visual reasoning system with diagrams and sentences h sawamura at diagrams    
methodology for development and employment of ontology based knowledge management applications y sure   s staab  sigmod record   2002.0 
take-all decline during cereal monoculture see ref   pj shipton   
query-by-example : the invocation and definition of tables and forms : in douglas s. kerr   editor proceedings on the international conference on very large m zloof   
upconversion spectrometry for astrophysical applications 1976.0 t kostiuk   m abbas   kw ogilvie   m mumma & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;    
alkylation of iridium via tandem carbon-hydrogen bond activation/decarbonylation of aldehydes . 1995.0 pj alaimo   ba arndtsen   rg bergman acc . chem . res    
a nanotechnology-based approach to data storage vldb   e eleftheriou   p baechtold   g cherubini   a  2003.0 
les â ?? heliconsâ ?? dans les semiconducteurs p aigrain  proc . int . conf . seniconductor physics    
executing pascal programs on a prolog architecture 1987.0 g chen   mh williams information and software technology    
functional invariant sets for semilinear dissipative wave equations on ir n ni karachalios   nm stavrakakis   
impact of work teams on manufacturing performance : a longitudinal field study 1996.0 rd banker   jm field   rg schroeder   kk sinha the academy of management journal    
the rate of absorption of a pure gas into a still liquid during short periods of exposure 1935.0 r higbie   
water safety j lassman  journal of emergency nursing   2002.0 
good : agraph-oriented object database system m gemis   j paredaens   i thyssens   
a global unique persistent object id for geospatial information sharing in interoperating geographic ya bishr zurich   switzerland . springer-verlag .    
epidemiology and zoonotic aspects of microsporidia of mammals and birds p deplazes   a mathis   r weber  contributions to microbiology   2000.0 
routing and admission control in general topology networks r gawlick   a kamath   s plotkinâ ? ¦   
seeking outside help to facilitate renewal efforts . 1985.0 r hahn new directions for higher education    
cladding with high-power diode lasers laseropto-stuttgart -   a richter   s nowotny   t naumann   e beyer  1999.0 
two-dimensional echocardiogram in hemodynamically stable victims of penetrating precordial trauma . m aaland   f bryan   r sherman journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
leveraging collective knowledge h kon   m hoey proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
ethanol-induced alterations in electroencephalographic activity in adult males neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 hl cohen   b porjesz   h begleiter   
alias : an active learning led interactive deduplication system s sarawagi   a bhamidipaty   a kirpal   c mouli vldb     2002.0 
atlanto-occipital dislocation : an unusual lethal airbag injury h bailey   n perez   c blank-reid   lj kaplan  journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
wavelet analysis : the scalable structure of information hl resnikoff   hl resnikoff   ro wells   ro wells   1998.0 
what do women want ? facialmetric assessment of multiple motives in the perception of male facial journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 mr cunningham   ap barbee   cl pike   
triage   efficacy of medical treatment   and optimum health insurance r garratt   jm marshall    
decay of correlations-minicourse-handout notes   1999 ams summer research institute v baladi seattle washington smooth ergodic theory and  
u > choice of cobol for braille translation < / u > jk millen technical report mtr-1743 mitre corporation   bedford      
synchronous reproduction by maine black bears cr mclaughlin   gj matula   rj oâ ?? conner international conference of bear research and management    
modeling and simulation as a control means for product development k andersson   
the empire filters back : consumption   production   and the politics of starbucks coffee urban geography   md smith   
transcription factors   normal myeloid development   and leukemia blood-new york -   dg tenen   r hromas   jd licht   de zhang  1997.0 
species interactions dc culver see ref    
knowledge management at the mitre corporation mt maybury   
dispersal of citrus canker bacteria in droplets and prevention with windbreaks m koizumi   e kimijima   t tsukamoto   m togawa   s proc . int . soc . citricult    
the global access challenge bt technology journal   1998.0 rp searle   arj cook   dm spirit   
mosfet scaling-the driver of vlsi technology proceedings of the ieee   1999.0 dl critchlow   
developing critical thinking and problem-solving abilities new directions for teaching and j lochhead   a whimbey   
analysis of dynamic congestion control protocols : a fokker-plank approach a mukherjee   jc strikwerda proc . acm sigcomm    
the montage extensible datablade architecture m ubell proc . sigmod intl. conf . on management of data   1994.0 
expressive law : framing of equilibrium selection i bohnet   r cooter unpublished manuscript      
keynote address : language design as design 1996.0 fp brooks history of programming languages -- ii table of contents    
very tight versus tight control for diabetes in pregnancy sa walkinshaw cochrane database syst rev   2000.0    
directions in functional programming for real ( - time ) applications 2001.0 w taha   p hudak   z wan lecture notes in computer science    
toxic cyanobacteria in water 1999.0 i chorus   
distributed detection by a large number of sensors in tandem jd papastavrou   m athans  proc . 29th ieee conf : decision and  
8k solutions and semi-solutions to a problem of da costa j marcos submitted for  
toward the semantic geospatial web mj egenhofer    
multiple services on request : the university of missouri-kansas city 's metropolitan area schools dc martin new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0    
research to improve subyearling chinook fish guiding efficiency at mcnary dam-1986 . nmfs/noaa 1987.0 ga swan   wt norman   
catalog management in websphere commerce suite t maguire   
structure-function relationship of galanin t mochizuki   j ishikawa   n takatsuka   m hoshino   n proc . 28th symp . pept . chem.   osaka    
properties of r plasmids in pseudomonas aeruginosa see ref   ga jacoby   
a test suite for programming by demonstration r potter   d maulsby    
amalgam : a machine-learned generation module m gamon   e ringger   s corston-oliver    
applying the bt operational support systems architecture s pyzer   p williams   d richards 1997.0  bt technology journal    
und schek   h.-j. : web service composition with oâ ?? grape and osiris r weber   c schuler   p neukomm   h schuldt proceedings of the 29th international conference on very  
security and inference in multilevel database and knowledge-base systems proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   m morgenstern  1987.0 
the skill drill computerworld   l wilson   
oestrogens for urinary incontinence in women b moehrer   a hextall   s jackson cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
monitoring business processes through event correlation based on dependency model a adi   d botzer   o etzion   t yatzkar-haham    
heterocyclic amines in cooked foods : possible human carcinogens proceedings of the 23rd international symposium of the sr tannenbaum   wg stillwell   h ji   pl skipper   mc   
development and sustainability of community health insurance in thailand s supakankunti ficosser meeting on health care financing   athens   greece   & hellip ;    
critical issues and dilemmas for adult literacy programs under welfare reform b sparks new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0    
whose power is it anyway ? 2001.0 pm hughes   g cosier bt technology journal    
interactions and reactions in reserved miceues jh fendler acc . chem . res      
health   health care and welfare in greece a sissouras   k souliotis 2003.0    
neic system speeds processing of health insurance claims . d raimondi computerworld.     1984.0 
spatial interactions among employment and population groups c bollinger   k ihlanfeldt 2000.0    
what is a customer ? the beginnings of a reference ontology for customer c partridge & hellip ; oopsla workshop on behavioral semantics   seattle   washington & hellip ;    
personalized conversational case-based recommendation mh goker   ca thompson lecture notes in computer science   2000.0    
the expressive power of modalized purely implicational calculi mi kanovich  technical report . stanford university   center for the study of  
unbundling active functionality s gatziu   a koschel   h fritschi  sigmod record   1998.0 
systematic synthesis of analogue circuitsâ ?? part iii : all-transistor circuit synthesis dg haigh   fq tan   c papavassiliou procs 2004 ieee international symposium on circuits and & hellip ;      
end-to-end packet delay and loss behavior in the internet b jean-chrysostome proceedings of acm sigcomm      
distribution of chemical contaminants in wild fish species in the washington dc area . icprb report # dj velinsky   jc cummins md    
compiling with reflections proceedings of the 1996 acm sigplan international conference & hellip ;   a sabry   p wadler   
critical business decisions for internet services j bailey   l mcknight   h sharifi    
an analysis of errors and their causes in system programs a endres acm sigplan notices     1975.0 
push technology personalization through event correlation   demo   proceed a adi   d botzer   o etzion   t yatzkar-haham 2000.0    
the restructuring of geographical scale : coalescence and fragmentation of the northern core region 1987.0 n smith   w dennis economic geography    
basic technology hl caswellâ ? ¦ ieee    
0.74 / 0.55-ev ga x in 1â ?? x as/inas yp 1â ?? y monolithic   tandem   mim tpv converters : design   growth rj wehrerâ ? ¦  proc . 29th ieee pvsc ( may 2002    
evaluation of library web sites : the danish case h clausen electronic library   1999.0 
on the iterative solution of the large-scale bem industrial problems ve bulgakov   m merkel   ra bialecki   g kuhn   
ipv 6 traffic with multi-class qos in vpn computer networks   2001.0 l zhang   l zheng   
high technology ceramics 1992.0 e geã § kinli   
discussion paper   no. 123institutional change and american economic growth : a first step towards a 1969.0 dc north   l davis   
a polynomial time algorithm for testing implications of a join dependency and embodied functional proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   j leuchner   l miller   g slutzki  1988.0 
the effects of ethanol on human sleep eeg power spectra differ from those of benzodiazepine receptor neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   dj dijk   dp brunner   d aeschbach   i tobler  1992.0 
a model of new product development : an empirical test management science   1990.0 bj zirger   ma maidique   
an application level video gateway e amir   s mccanne   h zhang  proc . of acm  
instrument zur stressbezogenen tã $ tigkeitsanalyse ( ista ) [ stress-oriented job analysis instrument handbuch zur arbeitsanalyse . zurich   switzerland : verlag der & hellip ;   nk semmer   d zapf   h dunckel   
views : a way for pattern matching to cohabit with data abstraction p wadler  proceedings of the 14th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ;   1987.0 
use of a concluding process to assist grieving families . m williams journal of emergency nursing   1984.0 
lariat ether receptor systems show experimental evidence for alkali metal cation-ï ? interactions sc interactions acc . chem . res     2002.0 
d5 hume-rothery   w. ( 1948 ) . j. inst . met . 74   315 . black   pj ( 1955 ) hj axon  phil .  
andn . a. lynch . livenessin timedanduntimed systems r gawlick   r segala   j sogaard-andersen & hellip ; massachusetts institute of technology   cambridge   massachusetts  
walking through a very large virtual environment in real-time . 27th int l shou   j chionh   z huang   y ruan   kl tan  conf . on very large data bases    
synthesis and preliminary evaluation of the biological properties of a 1 alpha   25-dihydroxyvitamin mr uskokovic   ps manchand   s peleg   aw norman proceedings of the 10th workshop on vitamin d 1997   & hellip ;      
the human factor and organization of support for operators of a nuclear power plant vi naumov at .  
the geography of disaster vulnerability in megacities . a theoretical framework 1998.0 ji uitto applied geography    
tight upper and lower bounds for correlation of bivariate distributions arising in air pollution d de veaux 1976.0    
vehicle simulation program : a tool to evaluate hybrid power management strategies based on an j van mierlo   g maggetto proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;     2001.0 
service-learning is for everybody r shumer 2001.0  new directions for higher education    
nd.â ?? francis bacon and the new empire of knowledge.â ?? harvard university   department of m girard  unpublished  
integrated manufacturing and job design : moderating effects of organizational inertia 1991.0 jw dean jr   sa snell the academy of management journal    
role-based access control model ieee computer   r sandhu   e coyne   hl feinstein   c youman   
a selectivity model for fragmented relations : applied in information retrieval he blok   s choenni   hm blanken    
maybe programmers should work at home . computerworld.   e yourdon  1982.0 
electrical properties of the epidermal stratum corneum iyodenshi to seitai kogaku   1973.0 t yamamoto   y yamamoto   
community participationa new frontier in land management . keynote paper a campbell international conference on sustainable land management      
taming the information tsunami b bruck  2002.0 
a new relaxation algorithm for the time optimal control problems of hybrid step motors rh brown   y zhu   x feng proc . 28th ieee conf decision contr.   tampa   fl   dec    
histochemical and immunohistochemical properties of skeletal muscle fibres fromrana andxenopus am rowlerson   nc spurway  the histochemical journal   1988.0 
robust recursive least-squares method with modified weights for bilinear system identification h dai   nk sinha   
electronic markets in hong kong 's air cargo community : thanks   but no thanks electronic markets   j damsgaard  1998.0 
social council-economic commission for africa â ?? un economic   
the nd-tree : a dynamic indexing technique for multidimensional non-ordered discrete data spaces g qian   q zhu   q xue   s pramanik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2003.0 
teach for america 1991 summer institute evaluation report unpublished manuscript   mp grady   p collins   el grady   
walking through a very large virtual environment in real-time proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   l shou   j chionh   z huang   y ruan   kl tan  2001.0 
industrial organization : contemporary theory and practice i   south-western college publishing l pepall   g norman   d richards 2001.0    
source machine learning archive d aha   s mahadevan   re schapire   j shavlik   r machine learning   2001.0    
gain : benefits   costs and three-year impacts of a welfare-to-work program . new york : manpower demonstration research corporation   d friedlander   j riccio   s freedman   
tandem oxidation processes using manganese dioxide : discovery   applications   and current studies rjk taylor   m reid   j foot   sa raw 2005.0  acc . chem . res    
an application level video gateway e amir   s mccanne   h zhang    
the reach active oodbms   1995 technical university ap buchmann   a deutsch   j zimmermann   
a multidimensional approach to characterise a conceptual state in students : the role played by l viennot  proceedings of the second ph. d. summer school   aristotle & hellip ;    
the postural comfort zone for reaching gestures m kã ¶ lsch   a beall   m turk   
r * optimizer validation and performance evaluation for distributed queries vldb   1986.0 lf mackert   
positive illusions about the self : short-term benefits and long-term costs 2001.0 rw robins   js beer journal of personality and social psychology    
adept : an agent-based approach to business process management . sigmod record   1998.0 acms anthology   
the reach active oodbms . acms anthology   p edition    
game trails in british columbia ab williams  1925.0 
datamine-interactive rule discovery system t imielinski   a virmani    
keynote address proceedings 17th isba sheffield conference   p burns   
order-of-magnitude advantage on tpc-c through massive parallelism c levine   
livestock water quality g surber glci demonstration tour      
reflection of low-energy hydrogen from solids w eckstein   jp biersack 1985.0  applied physics a : materials science & processing    
conoise : agent-based formation of virtual organisations tj norman   a preece   s chalmers   nr jennings   m   
should social studies teachers become nationally certified ? social studies and the young learner   a lockledge   np gallavan  1999.0 
an application of interference microscopy to integrated circuit inspection and metrology m davidson   k kaufman   i mazor   f cohen  proc . spie    
the ohio state infrared imager/spectrometer ( osiris ) dl depoy   b atwood   p byard   j frogel   toâ ?? brien proceedings spie   1993.0    
road and trail influences on grizzly bears and black bears in northwest montana international conference on bear research and management   wf kasworm   tl manley   
computational politics : electoral systems e hemaspaandra   la hemaspaandra  lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
statistical learning : well-posedness is necessary and sufficient for consistency of empirical risk s mukherjee   p niyogi   t poggio   r rifkin  technical report 223   cbcl   massachusetts institute of  
the petri net markup language : concepts   technology   and tools j billington   s christensen   k van hee   e kindler    lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
advances in databases and information systems : report of 5 theast european conference adbis ' 2001 a caplinskas   j eder   o vasilecas acm sigmod record     2002.0 
î # â ?? capacitive interface for a vertically driven x & y-axis rate gyroscope proc . of the 28th european solid-state circuits conference   & hellip ;   x jiang   sa bhave   ji seeger   rt howe   be boser   j   
exploring potential benefits of the semantic web for virtual organizations v iosif   y sure pakm to appear    
forecasting risk attitudes : an experimental study of actual and forecast risk attitudes of women and cc eckel   pj grossman 2002.0  unpublished manuscript    
self-determination and persistence in a real-life setting : toward a motivational model of high rj vallerand   ms fortier   f guay  journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
computational problems related to the design of normal form relational schemata   acm tans database syst   c beeri   pa bernstein   
wafer scale integration using rvlsi ah anderson   ji raffel   pw wyatt ieee computer      
a scalable and emcient optimistic algorithm for parallel discrete-event simulation s prasad  procs . simtec . orlando   fl ( oct. )    
robotic attentive sensing and its application to integrated circuit wafer inspection 1991.0 mj barth   
frontiers of electronic commerce 1996.0 r kalakota   ab whinston   
assessment of children ( 3nd ed jm sattler  1988.0 
on the bernstein-von mises theorem with infinite dimensional parameters p diaconis   d freedman unpublished manuscript      
drug therapy for delirium in terminally ill patients kc jackson   ag lipman 2004.0  cochrane database syst rev    
spinal cord stimulation for non-reconstructable chronic critical leg ischaemia 2003.0 dt ubbink   h vermeulen cochrane database syst rev    
a sound and complete extended relational algebra for exclusive disjunctive data the poster paper collection   vldb conf   js chiu   alp chen   
on the coefficient of sound-absorption measured by the reverberation method et paris phil . mag      
network-conscious gif image transmission over the internet pd amer   s iren   ge sezen   pt conrad   m taube   a computer networks   1999.0    
a synchronized discrete address beacon system ( for atc surveillance ) na blake  & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1973.0 
a survey for sodium   potassium   barium   arsenic   and selenium in canadian drinking water supplies ks subramanian   jc mã © ranger at . spectrosc      
spatial operators for selected data structures . 1982.0 rw claire   sc guptill 5 th int . symp . comp . assisted cartography & int . soc . & hellip ;    
analysis of the interactions of host plant resistance   phytophagous and entomophagous species ap gutierrez see ref      
v-cms : a visual computational modeling system y chen  1996.0 
seeking explanations in soar sr haynes   
the cycle of fragmentation and sprawl : a conceptual framework and empirical model gf ulfarsson   ji carruthers   
concurrent and resettable zero-knowledge in poly-logarithmic rounds j kilian   e petrank   
keynote address . jr moore  j audiov media med   1978.0 
control layer primitives for the layered multimedia data model mj wynblatt   ga schloss proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;     1995.0 
hipac : combining active databases and time constraints u dayal   b blaustein   a buchmann   s chakravarthy   acm sigmod record    
cooperative caching for k-nn search in ad hoc networks b yang   ar hurson 2005.0  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
quasi-phonemic contrasts in spanish ji hualde   
the boundary of subtropical zone in china geography   q baojian   
supporting application development in the semantic web d oberle   s staab   r studer   r volz acm transactions on internet 2004.0    
part two : should adult and continuing education strive for professionalization ? . m collins   rm cervero  new directions for adult and continuing education   1992.0 
human resource development practitioners should strive for certification ad ellinger new directions for adult and continuing education     1996.0 
supporting exceptions to behavioral schema consistency to ease schema evolution in oodbms proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 e amiel   mj bellosta   e dujardin   e simon   
1 . p. vlahavas   a non-uniform data fragmentation strategy for parallel main-menory database systems n bassiliades proc .  
critical thinking and collaborative learning ce nelson new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0    
the university of miami . new directions for higher education   et footeâ ? ¦  1988.0 
interpreting functional languages in interaction nets l huang procs of icycs   pages      
towards more informative user interfaces jm janas vldb   1979.0 
human walking   williams and wilkins   baltimore vt inman   hj ralston   f todd  md    
optimum commutation-current profile on torque linearization of switched reluctance motors proc . int . conf . electric machines   ds schramm   bw williams   tc green   
an adaptive skin model and its application to objectionable image filtering q zhu   ct wu   kt cheng   yl wu 2004.0  proceedings of acm multimedia  
on the suitability of genetic-based algorithms for data mining s choenni    
apj d williams   jf toland   1998.0 
london 's housing c hamnett area-institute of british geographers   2001.0 
avtometriya al grokhol ` skii   ã?l kashcheev  no . i    
online index rebuild n ponnekanti   h kodavalla   
fas-induced dna fragmentation and proteolysis of nuclear proteins genes to cells   1998.0 a kawahara   m enari   rv talanian   ww wong   s   
critical analysis of 1î ±   25-dihydroxyvitamin d 3 response elements c carlberg  proceedings of the 10th international vitamin d workshop    
no panaceasâ ?? s atre    
dissection of the vertebral arteries : case report and discussion journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 j glauser   om hastings   m mervart   ma volk   
molecular computing : the lock-key paradigm m conrad   
the air pilot 's manual volume 2 : aviation law and meteorology 2002.0 t thom   
application-controlled storage management gr ganger   r grimm   mf kaashoek   dr engler   
noncommand user interfaces j nielson comm . acm      
undergraduate research at the research universities new directions for teaching and learning   ca merkel  2003.0 
operational characteristics of switched reluctance motor drives hh moghbelli   m moallem   
solar-thermal electric technology p de laquil iii   d kearney   m geyer   r diver see ref      
june of 1999   ins mounted enforcement operation in the vanguard meat processing plant in nebraska ; i may   
approximate similarity retrieval with m-trees the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 p zezula   p savino   g amato   f rabitti   
su : modeling integrated manufacturing data with sam * yw stanley ieee computer      
keeping employees in the know d williams  area development    
simonoff . theuseofregression methodology forthecompromiseofcon dential informationin acm transactions on database systems   ma palley andje reys   
energy spectra of light ions backscattered from random solids u littmark   a gras-marti applied physics a : materials science & processing     1978.0 
cohomologie et geometrie algebrique jp serre proc . int . cong . math.   amsterdam    
improved formulations for the uncapacitated multiple allocation hub location problem l canovas   m landete   a marä ± n submitted for    
performance simulation of an alpha microprocessor j edmonson   m reilly ieee computer    
search via laser receivers for interstellar communications m ross proc . ieee      
controlled trial of 1-alpha-hydroxycholecalciferol in chronic renal failure 1976.0 l tougaard   j brochner-mortensen   ms christensen   lancet i    
video2cartoon : generating 3d cartoon from broadcast soccer video d liang   y liu   q huang   g zhu   s jiang   z zhang      
fuzzy logic enhanced electrochemical impedance spectroscopy ( fleeis ) to determine battery soc p singh   c fennie   de reisner    
wild relatives as sources of disease resistance jj burdon   am jarosz see ref      
autonomous interface agents ( lokal ) h lieberman   1997.0 
qos control in arts/fddi continuous media communications y tobe   h tokuda   stc chou   jmf moura proceedings of acm sigcomm    
gluconeogenesis : methodological approaches in vivo jl chiasson   je liljenquist   ww lacy   as jennings   fed proc     1977.0 
management of schema evolution in databases vldb   j andany   c palisser  1991.0 
an active service framework and its application to real-time multimedia transcoding   acm sigcomm e amir   s mccanne   r katz  1998.0 
feature construction with version spaces for biochemical application proc . 18th int . conf . on machine learning   ld raedt   s kramer   
the management of conflict . mj williamsâ ? ¦  new directions for higher education   1985.0 
design metrics and aids to their automatic collection u heitkoetter   b helling   h nolte   m kelly 1990.0  information and software technology    
classroom assessment across the disciplines r eisenbach   v golich   r curry new directions for teaching and learning     1998.0 
a computational and experimental study of the scavenging flow in the transfer duct of a motored two - jp creaven   rg kenny   r fleck   g cunningham 2001.0  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;    
rollin ` down the river : an interdisciplinary study l sammons   j waters social studies and the young learner   2000.0    
hmap-a temporal data model managing intervals with different granularities and indeterminacy from c combi   g pozzi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;     2001.0 
discussion of gass jdm . pathogenesis of hemorrhagic disciform lesion of the posterior ocular fundus . ae maumenee md      
advances in databases and information systems   adbisâ ?? 95 j bubenko   l kalinichenko   y zhuravlev proc . 2nd int . worlshop   moscow    
participative governance bodies in higher education : report of a national study j gilmourâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   1991.0 
the acquisition of anaphora by simple recurrent networks r frank   d mathis   w badecker  2005.0 
analyzing the role of aspects in software design jad pace   mr campo  communications-acm   2001.0 
obturator hernia : the usefulness of emergent computed tomography for early diagnosis-a new technique r terada   s ito   h kidogawa   k kashima   h ooe journal of emergency medicine     1999.0 
what 's so different about the world wide web anyway ? 1998.0 m bieber   s conger   b ives   w janko   bo ` keefe proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;    
barriers to clinical computing in american hospitals vw slack   hl bleich procs . medinfo      
development life cycle has 10 milestones . g guttman computerworld.   1984.0    
interpreting the components of a smooth goodness of fit test for normality am carolan   jcw rayner   2000.0 
family migration and the employment of married women and men . tj cooke   aj bailey  economic geography   1996.0 
on the content of materialized aggregate views s grumbach   l tininini    
panigrahy . consistenthashingandrandomtrees : distributedcachingprotocolsfor relievinghot spotson the d karger   e lehman   f leighton   m levine   d lewin proc . acm sotc   may      
dynamic address configuration in mobile ad hoc networks y sun   em belding-royer    
study on elliptical properties of single-fed circularly polarized microstrip antenna electronic letters   m haneishi   t nambara   s yoshida   
middlegrunden 40 mw offshore wind farm   a prestudy for the danish offshore 750 mw wind program hc soerensen   jh larsen   fa olsen   j svenson   sr    
estimating case development size from outline specifications s cockcroft  information and software technology   1996.0 
consultation using critical friends new directions for teaching and learning   g handal  1999.0 
estimating software development effort with connectionist models information and software technology   p courcoux   m semenou   g wittig   g finnie  1997.0 
jade : a high-level   machine-independent language for parallel computing mc rinard   dj scales   ms lam ieee computer    
the realization of dynamic walking robot wl-10rd a takanishi   m ishida   y yamazaki   i kato  proc . int . conf . advanced robotics    
connection admission control of atm network using integrated mlp and fuzzy controllers nol ng   ck tham computer networks     2000.0 
s   d. duchamp   and gq maguire . ip-based protocols for mobile internetworking j ioannidi proc . of acm szgcomm      
improving bandwidth efficiency of video-on-demand sw carter   dde long  computer networks    
behavioral patterns of heterometallic cuboidal derivatives of [ m 3 q 4 ( h 2 o ) 9 ] 4 ( m = mo   w ; q = s   r hernandez-molina   mn sokolov   ag sykes acc . chem . res   2001.0 
the participatory electronic product catalog : supporting customer collaboration in e-commerce p schubert electronic markets   2000.0    
the genus aspergillus . williams and wilkins co.   baltimore kb raper   di fennell  md    
geometrie et theorie des groupes m coornaert  1990.0 
quasi-random testing ty chen   r merkel    
automatic array privatization lecture notes in computer science   p tu   d padua  2001.0 
the design and implementation of k : a high-level knowledge-base programming language of osam * . kbms the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 ym shyy   j arroyo   syw su   h lam   
the scattering of high energy neutrons by a coulomb field phil . mag   1956.0 rgp voss   r wilson   
the accumulation buffer : hardware support for high-quality rendering h paul   a kurt  proceedings of acm siggraph    
the concept of a mediating electronic product catalog s handschuh   bf schmid   k stanoevska-slabeva   
negotiating power and interests in planning : a critical perspective tj sork new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0    
processes with local and global liveness requirements h guerra   jf costa   
human resource development practitioners should resist professional licensing 1996.0 jw gilley new directions for adult and continuing education    
quadratic and hermitian forms over rings 1991.0 ma knus   
conditional random fields : probabilistic models for segmenting and labeling sequence data j lafferty   a mccallum   f pereira   
walking the tightrope : sexual risk and male sex work in the philippines m tan see aggleton      
implicit attributions in question-answer exchanges : analyzing language in court unpublished manuscript   p catellani   d pajardi   a galardi   g semin   
an analysis of bgp convergence properties [ a ] proceedings of acm g timothy   g wllfong   
xquec : pushing queries to compressed xml data a arion   a bonifati 2003.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
educational rhythmics for mentally and physically handicapped children f robins   j robins 1966.0    
heuristics for trie minimization d comer  acm transactions on database systems    
word97 fkgl assessment  microsoft corporation    
ion damage to metal films inside an electron microscope dw pashley   aeb presland phil . mag      
performance evaluation of the statistical aggregation by categorization in the sm3 system acm sigmod record   ck baru   syw su  1984.0 
practical neural network recipes in c++ : academic press t masters san diego   california    
hierarchical conditional dependency graphs as a unifying design representation in the codesis high - 2000.0 aa kountouris   c wolinski proc . int . symp . syst . synthesis    
l-iypermed : medical records implemented with hypercard mr dambro   dp jennings demonstration digests . the twelfth annual symposium on & hellip ;    
spectra of random and almost-periodic operators la pastur   a figotin   1991.0 
heuristics for trie index minimization acm transactions on database systems   1979.0 d comer   
advantages of sige for gsm rf front-ends r lodge electronic engineering     1999.0 
ip telephony solutions for the customer premises ab catchpole   cj middleton   t nelson 2001.0  bt technology journal    
awhy do so many more black women than black men enroll in college unpublished jm constantine   l perna   
hours of employment and child care . ' d chaplin   s hofferth  1995.0 
modelling and verification of end-to-end transport protocols aas danthine   j bremer computer networks      
unobtrusive drowsiness detection by neural network learning of driver steering r sayed   a eskandarian 2001.0  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;    
operational support systems for the future local network rt boyd   kj brodrick bt technology journal    
student activism at ithaca college : reflections on management and leadership pr williams   mr mcgreevey new directions for higher education   2004.0    
m. tsukada   i. toizume   a. konda   and k. hirabayashi h ishikawa  sen-i gakkaishi    
seeking the truth about ad hoc join costs lm haas   mj carey   m livny   a shukla the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
the cdf collaboration p tipton  proc . 28th int . conf . on high energy physics   warsaw   poland    
peer-to-peer transaction processing in a websphere application server environment masterâ ?? s thesis   eth zurich   switzerland   2004 . ( in o biderbost   
from local to global : the anti-dam movement in southern brazil   1979-1992 fd rothman   pe oliver    
new ores for old furnaces : pelletized ironâ ?? fcf earney geography   1958.0 
benefiting from the unique properties of lanthanide ions . acc chem res   2006.0 jc bunzli   
syw su . k : a high-level knowledge base programming language proceedings   international conference on management of ym shyy   
lcs net address format mit laboratory for computer science network implementation   note n chiappa   d clark   d reed   
a case-based approach to information integration m panti   l spalazzi   a giretti  vldb   2000.0 
methods of theoretical physics 1953.0 pm morse   h feshbach   
