consequences of migration and remittances for mexican transnational communities . economic geography d conway jh cohen  1998.0 
psm : software tool for simulating prototyping and monitoring of multiprocessor systems a stafylopatis i papakonstantinou s kaxiras  information and software technology 1992.0 
foot orthoses . . williams & wilkins : baltimore md kk wu   
predicting the benefits of information retrieval techniques a arnt    
hardware and system architecture for a very large database 1975.0 r healey b heckman vldb  
bill 1989â ?? select committee p offences   
what are the national regimes and local traditions of social welfare and their historical derivation r greca 1995.0    
hermes : a heterogeneous reasoning and mediator system 1994 submitted for vs subrahmanian s adali a brink r emery jl lu   
learning plateaus in generalized cognitive condensations : phase transition path dependence and 2001.0 r wallace r fullilove   
electron microscopy and diffraction of twinned structures in evaporated films of gold phil . mag dw pashley mj stowell   
ws-catalognet : an infrastructure for creating peering and querying e-catalog communities k baina b benatallah h paik f toumani c rey a  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
towards generic service management concepts : a service model based approach . 7th ieee/ifip m garschhammer r hauckâ ? ¦ seattle washington usa : ieee publishing may    
national survey results on drug use from the monitoring the future study 1975-1997â ?? volume i l johnston poâ ?? malley j bachman md  
testability 1985 technology forecast b milne  electronic design  
tata probabilistic temporal databases i : algebra a dekhtyar r ross vs subrahmanian technical report cs-tr-3987 department of computer science  
land degradation in the yallahs basin jamaica : historical notes and contemporary observations geography d barker dfm mcgregor   
a multimedia presentation algebra sigmod s adalä ± ml sapino vs subrahmanian  1999.0 
phylip : phylogenetic information package j felsenstein  university of washington seattle  
the peter norton programmer 's guide to the ibm pc . p norton  1985.0 
a concentric-circle model for community mining in graph structures wj zhou jr wen wy ma hj zhang   
freud jung and hall the king-maker . the expedition to america s rosenzweig 1992.0    
issues in developing very large data warehouses proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; l do p drew w jin v jumani d van rossum  1998.0 
northwest region seal and sea lion ( pinniped ) managment map of seal and sea lion trouble spots n fisheries  national marine fisheries service seattle washington  
incremental subgradient methods for nondifferentiable optimization technical report lids-p-2460 massachusetts institute of a nediä ? d bertsekas   
the credit hour and faculty instructional workload t ehrlich 2003.0  new directions for higher education  
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching a guttrnan  proceedings of the sigmod conference boston june  
minimization of multiple-valued multiple-threshold perceptrons by genetic algorithms a ngom z obradovic i stojmenovic  proc . 28th ieee international symposium on multiple-valued & hellip ;  
metaphorical models of thought and speech : a comparison of historical directions and metaphorical ee sweetser  procs . 13th annual meeting of the berkeley linguistics & hellip ;  
kriber-an interactive pascal program to calculate distances and angles to generate input files for r bialek & hellip ; kristallografie und petrografie eth zurich switzerland (  
asynchronous groupware support effects on process improvement groups : an action research study rj mcqueen   
primitives for workload summarization and implications for sql s chaudhuri p ganesan v narasayya proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
regular research articles b cooper acm sigmod record 2005.0 
integration of asynchronous and self-checking multiple-valued current-mode circuits based on dual - t hanyu m kameyama    
sands the feynman lectures on physics l feynman volume  
balneotherapy for rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis ap verhagen hc de vet ra de bie ag kessels m cochrane database syst rev 2000.0    
assessment of neonatal diaphragmatic paralysis using magnetic phrenic nerve stimulation gf rafferty a greenough g dimitriou mi polkey    
the acute pediatric scrotum mw schul ma keating journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
nonlinear programming : a historical note hw kuhn history of mathematical programming ( jk lenstra et al. eds . & hellip ; 1991.0 
v-blast : an architecture for realizing very high data rates over the rich-scattering wireless pw wolniansky gj foschini gd golden ra   
influence of sulphate groups in the binding of peanut agglutinin . histochemical demonstration with ja martinez-menarguez j ballesta m aviles jf  the histochemical journal 1992.0 
preparation for the role of teacher as part of induction into faculty life and work new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 s johnston   
physically modelling the acoustics of a room using a digital waveguide mesh dt murphy dm howard proceedings of the 25 theuromicro    
concept based query expansion qyf hp proc acm sigir    
indexing and retrieval of video based on spatial relation sequences proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 1999.0 s daä?taå ? a ghafoor   
the effects of task interruption and information presentation on individual decision making c speier js valacich i vessey    
experimental astronomy m barbera a collura a dara m leone fr powell  1996.0 
wen mei w. hwu . modular interprocedural pointer analysis using access paths proc . acm pldi bc cheng   
modell des langwelligen strahlungsaustauschs und idealer regler fã 1/4 r das gebã $ udemodul type56 c felsmann technical university of dresden  
reduction of the cost of erythropoietin therapy by coadministration of l-carnitine in hemodialysis d karvadias c fortounas j tsouchnikas t edta 32nd congress athens greece    
minimization of non-linear approximation functions 1985.0 k madsen   
predicting real outcomes : when heuristics are as smart as statistical models unpublished manuscript a todorov   
practical theism and pantheism : two approaches to god in the thought of william james . 1977.0 mg bradford   
predicting academic performance of college students in the united states and in estonia lw anderson  international journal of educational research 2001.0 
material flows analysis for france 1998.0 g chabannes   
method to estimate parameter values in software prediction models information and software technology 1991.0 y miyazaki a takanou h nozaki n nakagawa k   
fa and tanca l. ( 2004 ) : a contextaware methodology for very small data base design sigmod cs bolchini   
locking primitives in a database system hf korth  journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1983.0 
analyzing the max 2-sat and max di-cut approximation algorithms of feige and goemans u zwick 2000.0  submitted for publication  
trust-based collaborative filtering j weng c miao a goh d li    
singular limit for the minimization of ginzburg-landau functionals cras i-math f bethuel h brezis f helein   
prowgen : a synthetic workload generation tool for simulation evaluation of web proxy caches computer networks m busari c williamson  2002.0 
green assessment of multi-product based on concordance analysis y yinsheng l hongwei t jin  proceedings of 2001 international conference on management  
drs : a workstation-based document recognition system for text entry t amano a yamashita n itoh y kobayashi s katoh    
icp determination of sulfur in polymeric materials g dipasquale b casetta at . spectrosc  
transaction protection by beacons ; aiken computation laboratory harvard university cambridge mo rabin massachusetts 02138 technical report tr-29-81 november    
on pointed minima in the interfacial energy of bicrystal systems phil . mag jc du plessis jh van der merwe   
lisp machine manual d weinreb d moon 1981.0  acm sigart bulletin  
gral : an extensible relational database system for geometric applications rh giiting   
teaching with historical novels a four step approach social studies and the young learner 1993.0 j smith d dobson   
arck-jones and sj young . openvocabulary speech indexing for voice and video mail retrieval proc . acm mg brown jt foote   
plan-per-tuple optimization solutionâ ?? parallel execution of user defined functions f carino woâ ?? connell  proceedings of the vldb conf  
a very elementary presentation of the hannenhalli-pevzner theory a bergeron 2001.0  lecture notes in computer science  
the need for liberal education gk davies new directions for higher education 1994.0 
query caching and optimization in distributed mediator systems proceedings of acm sigmod s adali ks candan y papakonstantinou vs montreal canada june    
epidemic carbon monoxide poisoning following a winter storm journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 pm houck nb hampson   
a compilation-based software estimation scheme for hardware/software co-simulation m lajolo m lazarescu a sangiovanni-vincentelli    
media gallery tvâ ?? view and shop your photos on interactive digital television s thieme a scherp m albrecht s boll proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
place and society in jane austenâ ?? s england geography d herbert   
advances in mixed-method evaluation : the challenges and benefits of integrating diverse paradigms new directions for program evaluation v caracelli j greene j greene v caracelli   
issues in developing context-aware computing lecture notes in computer science j pascoe n ryan d morse  1999.0 
preisach modeling and compensation for smart material hysteresis proc . spie 1995.0 d hughes jt wen   
retrieval of horizontal wind field in stratiform precipitation by conical scannings from two doppler g scialom  conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
ecology of biological invasions of north america and hawaii 1986.0 ha mooney ja drake   
relational data sharing in peer-based data management systems b ooi  sigmod record 2003.0 
effects of the eastern marmara earthquake on the marine structures and coastal areas report 3 y yuksel z alkis e cevik ac yalciner alciner b   2001.0 
efficient data view maintenance warehouses d agrawal a el abbadi a singh t yurek  proc . acm sigmod  
a structural approach for the definition of semantics of active database p fraernali l tanca acm tods  
easier said than done : gender differences in perceived barriers to gaining a mentor br ragins jl cotton the academy of management journal   1991.0 
surgical treatment for meniscal injuries of the knee in adults cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 jr howell hh handoll   
iterative residual rescaling : an analysis and generalization proceedings of acm sigir r ando l lee   
interprocedural dependence analysis and parallelization m burke r cytron   
correctional aids prevention program ( capp ) in new york city vjm hayes-cozier e rautenberg lc kayser i solis v international conference on aids montreal canada june    
exchange functions : interaction primitives for specifying distributed systems submitted for publication february p zave   
non linear-linear approximation of reflectance functions epf lafortune sc foo ke torrance dp greenberg  proc . of acm siggraph  
nonlinear spline approximation of functions of several variables and b-spaces y brudnyi i irodova algebra i analiz  
user interface management systems and application portability ieee computer rc seacord   
responses of grizzly bears to hydrocarbon exploration on richards island northwest territories international conference on bear research and management l harding ja nagy   
experimentell-morphologische untersuchungen ã 1/4 ber das verhalten der â ?? neurosekretorischen bahn â ?? w hild 1951.0  virchows archiv  
predicting foreign exchange rates with support vector regression machines msc thesis . computer science department university of b guesde   
molecular simulations san diego calif du guide   
investigations into the epidemiology of neospora caninum infection in dairy cattle in new zealand du pfeiffer jw wichtel mp reichel nb williamson   
workload evolution on the cornell theory center ibm sp2 lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 s hotovy   
applying the golden rule of sampling for query estimation yl wu d agrawal a el abbadi 2001.0  proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
the efficacy of antidepressants in the treatment of depression in dementia j bains js birks tr dening cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
an adaptive control of lum smoother 2000.0 r lukac radioengineering-prague -  
transient handover blocking probabilities in road covering cellular mobile networks computer networks rj boucherie j van der wal  2003.0 
database compression sigmod record ma roth sj van horn  1993.0 
equivalences among aggregate queries with negation s cohen w nutt y sagiv   
monitoring database objects vldb 1989.0 t risch   
on canonical models for federated dbs f saltor m castellanos m garcia-solaco sigmod record ( acm special interest group on management of & hellip ;  
the lytic compartment of plant cells p matile  1975.0 
arid-zone ornithology in africa and south america gl maclean proc . int . orn . congr    
monitoring xml data on the web b nguyen s abiteboul g cobena m preda    
attachment chemistry of organic molecules on si ( 111 ) -7 7 f tao gq xu acc . chem . res 2004.0 
histopathology of cyclosporine nephrotoxicity mj mihatsch g thiel b ryffel transplant    
on clustering and retrieval of video shots cw ngo tc pong   
network architecture design for back-end storage networks rw watson ieee computer    
social capital intellectual capital and the organizational advantage j nahapiet s ghoshal the academy of management review   1998.0 
london : a sustainable city ? i livingstone 2001.0  area  
high temperature epr study of superionic conductors and strongly exchange coupled paramagnets ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. c evora  1978.0 
content-based queries in image databases u shaft r ramakrishnan  computer sciences technical report-university of wisconsin & hellip ; 1996.0 
stlucia area key facts  2001.0 
searching in metric spaces with user-defined and approximate distances acm transactions on database systems 2002.0 p ciaccia m patella   
regulation of alternative splicing of alpha-actinin transcript by bruno-like proteins genes to cells 2002.0 h suzuki y jin h otani k yasuda k inoue   
polynomial filtering in latent semantic indexing for information retrieval proceedings of acm sigir e kokiopoulou y saad  2004.0 
surface and coating technology k velez jf quinson c duret-thual   
a. e1 abbadi . efficient integration and aggregation of historical information m riedewald d agrawal technical report 2002-07 university of california santa    
xmark : a benchmark for xml data management vldb a schmidt f waas ml kersten mj carey i  2002.0 
an efficient and scalable approach to cnn queries in a road network hj cho cw chung 2005.0  & hellip ; of the 31st international conference on very large data & hellip ;  
slavery and economic response among the vai ( liberia and sierra leone ) see ref se holsoe   
wanxian yangtze bridge . struct . eng . int . ( iabse zurich switzerland ) g yan zh yang   
increasing minority students ' success in calculus new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 mv bonsangue de drew   
solving the state assignmentproblemfor signal transition graphs proc . of 29th acmieee design automation conference l lavagno c moon r brayton a sangiovanni -   
the use of 3 he tubes in a neutron monitor latitude survey r pyle p evenson jw bieber jm clem je humble proc . of the 26th int . cosmic ray conf. salt lake city  
solving alignment using elementary linear algebra lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 d bau i kodukula v kotlyar k pingali p   
recent ethnic german migration from eastern europe to the federal republic of germany and the former pn jones  geography  
incorporating congestion feedback in b-isdn traffic management strategy o aboul-magd h gilbert proc . int . switching  
admission control by implicit signaling in support of voice over ip over adsl computer networks 2004.0 a ram l dasilva a ram la dasilva s varadarajan   
seasonal grazing of locoweeds by cattle in northeastern new mexico mh ralphs d graham rj molyneux lf james journal of range management   1993.0 
barbiturates for acute traumatic brain injury i roberts cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
chandrinoskvandspyropouloscd ( 2000b ) anexperimentalcomparisonofnaive bayesian and keyword-based anti kj androutsopoulosi  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir  
hardware acceleration for spatial selections and joins 2003.0 c sun d agrawal sigmod conference  
grumbach . arule-based languagewithfunctions and sets acm trans . on database s abiteboul ands   
query execution techniques forcaching expensive methods proc . of the acm sigmod intl. conferenceon managementof jm hellerstein j naughton   
bionomics of the diamondback moth in the northwestern himalaya op bhalla jk dubey see . ref  
nonoblivious hashing a fiat m naor jp schmidt a siegel journal of the acm ( jacm )   1992.0 
interactive indexing into image database 1993.0 mj swain proc . spie  
beyond the traditional query operators ( poster session ) c ding ch chi  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
incorporating laptop technologies into an animal sciences curriculum g birrenkott ja bertrand b bolt 2005.0  new directions for teaching and learning  
reinforced polymers for structural engineering in canada . ma erki struct . eng . int . ( iabse zurich switzerland )  
on william gaddis : in recognition of james joyce wisconsin studies in contemporary literature b benstock  1965.0 
retrievalfrom hierarchical texts by partial patterns p kilpelã $ inen h mannila  proc acm  
usability testing : is the whole test greater than the sum of its parts ayk wong am donkers rf dillon jw tombaugh proceedings of acm    
teamwork is the key to concurrent design l maliniak  electronic design  
an analysis of learned helplessness : continuous changes in performance strategy and achievement ci diener cs dweck journal of personality and social psychology 1978.0    
randomized clinical trial of lumbar instrumental fusion and cognitive intervention and exercises for ji broxâ ? ¦  submitted for publication  
indexing browsing and searching of digital video and digital audio information af smeaton 2001.0  lecture notes in computer science  
g-whiz a visual interface for the functional model with recursion j paredaens p peelman l tanca  proc . 11th int . conference on very large databases stockolm  
noaa/nasa pathfinder avhrr land data set user 's manual . goddard distributed active archive center pa agbu me james    
applying various constraints for efficient processing of xml tree pattern queries d che y liu   
retrieval â ?? a kiryakov b popov i terziev d manov d elevierâ ?? s journal of web    
stereology : a demonstration of some basic principles and applications part of a demonstration presented at the meeting of the & hellip ; tm mayhew gh cope ma williams m mahon lm cruz -   
software cost estimation using an albus perceptron ( cmac ) information and software technology 1997.0 b samson d ellison p dugard   
urbana-champaign il : graduate school of library science university of illinois ; 1980 . 117-134 il urbana   
the group paradigm for concurrency control a el abbadi s toueg proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0    
negatively correlated neural networks can produce best ensembles y liu x yao & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems  
a systematic study of quercus parvula greene on santa cruz island and mainland california 1980.0 kc nixon   
approximation of functions of several variables and imbedding theorems sm nikol ` skii 1975.0    
acknowledging the learning styles of diverse student populations : implications for instructional new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 ja anderson m adams   
geometric inequalities jd burago va zalgaller   1988.0 
the relational view : cooperative strategy and sources of interorganizational competitive advantage jh dyer h singh the academy of management review 1998.0    
xml and information retrieval : d carmel y maarek a softer sigmod record   2001.0 
video conference recording on the mbone proceedings of acm w holfelder   
serum trimethoprim and sulphamethoxazole levels in aids . lancet i fj bowden pj harman cr lucas  1986.0 
disjunctive datalog with nested rules s greco n leone f scarcello    
lllustra 's web datablade module j gaffney sigmod record 1996.0 
distribution and abundance of fishes and invertebrates in gulf of mexico estuaries volume i : data md dm nelson   
pseudo-coprime factorizations for regular linear systems rf curtain  submitted for  
selections from the prison notebooks a gramsci   
a distributed execution environment for shared java objects n erdogan ye selcuk o sahingoz information and software technology 2004.0 
estimate of the degree of contamination of water during storage of vitrified radioactive wastes in li anisimova vv kulichenko nv krylova lb at .  
the kalpa-sutra w schubring ms burgess 1910.0    
and - \ \ phi primitives jh anderson yj kim lmeu fetch proceedings of the 23rd international conference on    
index of subjects bound variable e williams    
social justice sexuality and the city 1994.0 l knopp urban geography  
an algorithm for the fusion of correlated probabilities jo ` brien procs . of fusion  
library use and the development of critical thought . sh plum  new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
lectin binding to rat spermatogenic cells : effects of different fixation methods and proteolytic 1988.0 r malmi ko sã ¶ derstrã ¶ m the histochemical journal  
the administrator 's role in providing educational excellence . tj hegarty  new directions for higher education 1983.0 
kelly . a. & williamson gk ( 1960 ) j washburn  phil . mag  
supporting full-text information retrieval ew brown jp callan wb croft jeb moss   
active and adaptive base station antennas for mobile communication seminar and demonstration on adaptive antennas and antenna & hellip ; b johanisson   
hop-count filtering : an effective defense against spoofed ddos traffic proceedings of acm conference on computer and communications & hellip ; 2003.0 c jin h wang k shin   
advanced program restructuring for high-performance computers with polaris w blume r doallo r eigenmann j grout j   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?plenoptic modeling : an image-based rendering systemã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 95 l mcmillan g bishop   
do progressive taxes really promote wage moderation a rdseth unpublished manuscript    
polarization spectroscopy in oh and flame temperature measurements ( abstract only ) r meier k nyholm m kaivola cg aminoff oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
affect cognition and awareness : affective priming with optimal and suboptimal stimulus exposures st murphy rb zajonc journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0    
economics in cyberspace : a comparison study p navarro j shoemaker 2000.0  unpublished manuscript  
security of human video objects by incorporating a chaos-based feedback cryptographic scheme t paraskevi n klimis k stefanos  proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
hierarchical classification of web content s dumain h chen proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;  
pollen : using people as a communication medium n glance d snowdon jl meunier 2001.0  computer networks  
hypermedia presentation and authoring system j yu y xiang 1997.0  www6 / computer networks  
citrus responses to irrigation methods dr rodney rl roth br gardner  proc . int . soc . citriculture  
how do places matter ? a comparative study of chinese ethnic economies in los angeles and new york 1998.0 y zhou urban geography  
characterizing and modeling the cost of rework in a library of reusable software components vr basili se condon k el emam rb hendrick w proc int conf software eng 1997.0    
on optimizing an sql-like nested query acm transactions on database systems w kim  1982.0 
stressful life events and use of physician services among the elderly : the moderating role of pet jm siegel journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0    
a model of conglomeratic beaches in tectonically active areas ( late pleistocene-actual almeria cj dabrio jl goy c zazo proceedings 6th ias european congress . inst . dâ ?? estudis & hellip ;    
learning collection fusion strategies em voorhees nk gupta b johnson-laird proceedings of the 18th annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   1995.0 
activity-based costing : a cost management tool . fj turk  new directions for higher education 1993.0 
estimating true distances between genomes ls wang t warnow proc . 33rd acm symp . theory comput  
semantic-model support for geographic information systems s ram j park    
polar t rectopolar t a averbuch rr coifman dl donoho m israeli j and applications . technical report stanford university    
or . 25 ( p5 . 039 ) proc . 28th eps conf . on controlled fusion and plasma physics & hellip ; yq liuâ ? ¦   
the complexity of logic-based abduction t eiter g gottlob lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
me ethylene in plant biology . san diego : academic fb abeles pw morgan j saltveit   
ingaasp/inp based photonic integrated circuits for optical switching ga fish 1999.0    
â ?? icp-oes determination of ta nb fe ti sn mn and w in indian tantalite-niobate ore at . spectrosc g anil m ramanaji mrp reddy a kumar tl prakash   
measured pulse-stuffing jitter in asynchronous dsiisonet multiplexing with and without stuff - electronic letters wd grover te moore ja eachern   
derivatives of regular expressions ja brzozowski 1964.0  journal of the acm ( jacm )  
the comparison of attenuation relationships for peak horizontal acceleration in intraplate regions procs . of the fifth pacific conference on earthquake & hellip ; sk sarma mw free   
z galil two lower bounds in asynchronous distributed computation p duris proc . 28th annual syrup . on foundations of computer science & hellip ;    
improved fine structure in immunolabeled cryosections after modifying the sectioning and pick-up w liou jw slot proc . int . conf . electr . microsc  
ethnicity and adaptation : the late period-cara occupation in northern highland ecuador js athens see ref    
the impact of database selection on distributed searching al powell jc french j callan m connell cl proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
an end user friendly interface for databases i kamenyâ ? ¦ proceedings vldb    
steroids for treating tuberculous pleurisy pt matchaba j volmink cochrane database syst . rev 2000.0 
content-based image retrieval based on a fuzzy approach ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering r krishnapuram s medasani sh jung ys choi r  2004.0 
a mixture density based approach to object recognition for image retrieval j dahmen k beulen m guld h ney procs . 6th international riao conference on content-based    
a combined storm overflow structure : design procedure g oliveto m fiorentino g mininni   
systems with hysteresis ma krasnoselâ ?? skii av pokrovskii  1989.0 
predicting software reliability w alan ieee computer    
asynchronous transfer mode-an overview jl adams bt technology journal   1995.0 
scheduling to minimize average stretch without migration l becchetti    
computer hardware and software bz gottesman  pc magazine november  
strategic alliance structuring : a game theoretic and transaction cost examination of interfirm a parkhe 1993.0  the academy of management journal  
a toolkit for constructing type-and constraint-based program analyses lecture notes in computer science a aiken m faehndrich js foster z su  1998.0 
a small-area high-performance 512-point 2-dimensional fft single-chip processor n miyamoto l karnan k maruo k kotani t ohmi   
the dependence of lipochrome-formation in birds on plant carotenoids o vã ¶ lker proc int ornithol congr  
altbausanierung mit naturbaustoffen k schillberg  at  
in x-ray microfocusing : applications and technique pj eng m newville ml rivers sr sutton mcnulty i.    
understanding the connectivity of heap objects m hirzel j henkel a diwan m hind    
music therapy for people with dementia ac vink js birks ms bruinsma rj scholten  cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
integrating heterogeneous overlapping databases through object-oriented transformations proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 v josifovski t risch   
ecosystem modeling in the desert biome see ref dw goodall   
disjunctive normal forms and local exceptions e beffara v danos    
cmifed : a presentation system for portable hypermedia documents proc . of acm multimedia g vanrossum j jansen k mullender d bulterman   
a rich counter for antimatter and isotope identification in the cosmic radiation p carison t francke m suffert n weber  proceedings of the 23rd international cosmic ray conference & hellip ;  
lockx : a system for efficiently querying secure xml . sr cho s amer-yahia lvs lakshmanan d srivastava sigmod conference   2003.0 
system that tracked killer tied diverse data . computerworld. 1982.0 b hoard   
approximation with vector-valued norms in linear spaces ac bacopoulos 1966.0    
self-climb of dislocation loops in magnesium oxide j narayan j washburn  phil . mag  
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource artificial intelligence dw aha artificial intelligence review   1997.0 
an algebra for creating and querying multimedia presentations multimedia systems s adalä ± ml sapino vs subrahmanian  2000.0 
a modular neural network for global modeling of microwave transistors m lã ¡ zaro i santamarãa c pantaleã ³ n c navarro   
minimizing communication costs in hierarchically-clustered networks of wireless sensors s bandyopadhyay ej coyle computer networks 2004.0 
probabilistic temporal databases i : algebra a dekhtyar r ross vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems 2001.0 
information access for context-aware appliances ( poster session ) gjf jones pj brown 2000.0  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;  
in global positioning system : theory and applications jj spilker jr gpss structure t performance  volume i  
steroids for treating cerebral malaria 2000.0 k prasad p garner cochrane database syst rev  
key agreement protocols and their security analysis lecture notes in computer science s blake-wilson d johnson a menezes  1997.0 
a place in history : genealogy jewish identity modernity re fisher 1999.0    
crosscorrelation properties of pseudorandom and related sequences proc . ieee dv sarwate mb pursley   
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource bt technology journal s garrett d sheat  bt technology journal 2002.0 
a simple lnre model for random character sequences s evert    
putting adult education philosophies into practice . 1993.0 p mulcrone new directions for adult and continuing education  
automatically deriving odes from process algebra models of signalling pathways submitted for publication 2005.0 m calder s gilmore j hillston   
h-trees : a dynamic associative search index for oodb . cc low bc ooi h lu    
ec of the european parliament and of the council concerning the sixth framework programme of the d no technological development and demonstration activities & hellip ;  
clustering using the contrast model dj navarro md lee   
localizer : a modeling language for local search lecture notes in computer science l michel p van hentenryck  1997.0 
an optimal and progressive algorithm for skyline queries d papadias y tao g fu b seeger sigmod conference 2003.0 
an invertible coniferous forest canopy reflectance model x li  ma thesis university of california santa barbara  
migration of college and university students in the united states . cs gossman  1967.0 
modeling of laser-induced breakdown in dielectrics with subpicosecond pulses t apostolova y hahn  proceedings of  
zezulap ( 1997 ) m-tree : anefficientaccess methodforsimilaritysearchinmetricspaces pm ciacciap proc . 23rd international conference on very large data bases    
burrows and wobber . authentication in distributed systems : theory and practice a lampson proceedings thirteenth acm sosp    
approximation theorems of mathematical statistics rj serfling 1980.0    
design chirality and flexibility in nanoporous molecule-based materials acc . chem . res d bradshaw jb claridge ej cussen tj prior mj  2005.0 
threonine558 phosphorylation activates f-actin binding of moesin in human platelets f nakamura l huang mra amieva k pestonjamasp  1998.0 
du tiroir ã lâ ?? ã © cran : les opã © rations de conversion rã © trospective de la bibliothã ¨ que nationale m beaudiquez am beaugendre    
g. possingham l v. 1973 . te fine structure of avocado plastids d crin    
the system granite-peridotite-h t sekine pj wyllie o at  
accurateestimation of the numberof tuplessatisfying a condition . inproc gpsc connell acm sigmod conference    
the lord of the rings : efficient maintenance of views at data warehouses d agrawal a mostefaoui m raynal m roy   
a performance analysis of alternative multi-attribute declustering strategies s ghandeharizadeh dj dewitt w qureshi    
sequential sampling procedures for query size estimation pjhan swami    
max weber : an intellectual portrait r bendix    
queries are easier than you thought ( probably ) s abiteboul k compton v vianu   
accurate estimation of the number of tuples satisfying a condition 1984.0 g piatetsky-shapiro c connell proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
loggp : incorporating long messages into the logp modelâ ?? one step closer towards a realistic model proceedings of the seventh annual acm symposium on parallel & hellip ; 1995.0 a alexandrov mf ionescu ke schauser c scheiman   
a hidden markov model retrieval system drh miller t leek rm schwartz proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;    
functionalities and limitations ofcurrentworkowmanagement systems technical report ibm almaden research center 1997 . to appear g alonso d agrawal a el abbadi c mohan   
a uniform approach for the definition of security properties lecture notes in computer science r focardi f martinelli  1999.0 
odontogenic ghost cell tumor : a case report with cytologic findings md 2000.0 ch stone ar gaba ms benninger rj zarbo   
hypocalcemia and stridor : an unusual presentation of vitamin d-deficient rickets 1998.0 js halterman sa smith journal of emergency medicine  
complexity aspects of various semantics for disjunctive databases t eiter g gottlob   
optimal nesting for computation n-relational joins t ibaraki t kameda acm trans . on database systems  
e-diesel report demonstration test in denmark/akzo nobel surface chemistry u lã ¶ fvenberg   
theory of fusion plasmas l chen proc . int . workshop varenna    
business interruption insurance 1998.0 w meier   
data on the webâ '' b nguyen s abiteboul g cobena m preda xml proceedings of the acm-sigmod  
using de-optimization to re-optimize code s hines    
recording advances for neural prosthetics ra andersen jw burdick s musallam h scherberger   
bug isolation via remote program sampling b liblit a aiken ax zheng mi jordan    
interventions for treating chronic pelvic pain in women cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 rw stones j mountfield   
internationalizing the campus : what do you need to know ? bh carmical new directions for higher education   2002.0 
analysis of an optical amplified two-section link specification incorporating an erbium-doped fibre aw o'neill tg hodgkinson  bt technology journal 1993.0 
learning styles : implications for distance learning wb james dl gardner  new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
white matter lesions after occlusion of the bilateral carotid arteries in the rat : temporal profile 1997.0 h tomimoto i akiguchi h wakita j kimura no to shinkei  
mate : multipath adaptive traffic engineering 2002.0 a elwalid c jin s low i widjaja computer networks  
clusterbook a tool for dual information access ( demonstration session ) g mureå?an dj harper a gã ¶ ker p lowit proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   2000.0 
mendrup : a bonpo ritual for the benefit of all living beings and for the empowerment of medicine m kind  1999.0 
optimization techniques for queries with expensive methods acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 jm hellerstein   
on the causality of transport reduction and induced electric fields in the edge of a tokamak proc . 29th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ; s jachmich m van shoor r weynants   
axin an inhibitor of the wnt signalling pathway interacts with - catenin gsk-3 and apc and t nakamura f hamada t ishidate k anai k 1998.0  genes to cells  
speculation and historical interpretation for fifth and sixth graders e schneider la gregory 2000.0  social studies and the young learner  
disk shadowing d bitton j gray vldb 1988.0    
on minimizing setups in precedence constrained scheduling wr pulleyblank unpublished manuscript  
edition multi-support ã partir d'outils standard du marchã © du dictionnaire de gã © opolitique proceedings of : deuxiã ¨ me ã © cole d &#39; ã © tã © sgml talloires ( & hellip ; cf goldfarb   
spatial modelling of deforestation in southern cameroon : spatial disaggregation of diverse b mertens ef lambin applied geography   1997.0 
sedimentology and stratigraphy of the miocene zia sand of new mexico : geological society of america ce gawne  part i  
publishing and publishers : towards an historical geography of countryside writing c. 1930-1950 area 2001.0 c brace   
the need for openness in standards k krechmer    
a stro-ph/9906504 p gorham k liewer c naudet and proc . 26th int . cr conf. salt lake city utah aug  
the design of the user interface for a large physics experiment g manduchi g fregonese c taliercio tw fredian information and software technology  
nature of the optical transitions in charged oligothiophenes acc . chem . res 1992.0 jpb cornil jl br & das   
probabilities for a probabilistic network : a case-study in oesophageal carcinoma lc van der gaag s renooij bmp aleman bg taal submitted for publication   2001.0 
individual predictions of eye-movements with dynamic scenes e barth j drewes t martinetz    
a multi-environment cost evaluator for parallel database systems . procedings of the 2nd int . dasfaa f andres m couprie y viemont international conference on very large databases santiago    
text enhancement in digital video based on multiple frame integration h li ds doermann  proceedings of acm multimedia  
fat trees : univ. networks for hardware efficient supercomputing ce leiserson ieee    
growth and characterization of high-performance photorefractive batio3 crystals c warde mh garrett jy chang hp jenssen hl  1991.0 
the vb5 interface bt technology journal ma hale at gillespie ka james  1998.0 
quantitative description of spatially homogeneous textures by characteristic grey level co - g gimel ` farb 2000.0  & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems  
paper tigers : a model of the asian currency crisis g corsetti p pesenti n roubin   1998.0 
toward a psychological structure of human values sh schwartz w bilsky journal of personality and social psychology    
near-optimal n-layer channel routing rj enbody hc du  proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
the temperature dependence of radiation sensitivity of large molecules es kempner r wood r salovey   
viral fusion mechanisms 1992.0 j bentz   
forwarding in a content-based network a carzaniga al wolf    
evidence that the conformation of the actomyosin complex with bound adp . pi ( the am adp . pi state ) s xu   
the cost of general education . new directions for higher education rp lisensky  1993.0 
topology optimization methods with applications in mechanism mems and material design 2001.0 o sigmund   
sql-like operator for mining association rules r meo g psaila s ceri a new proceedings of international conference on very large & hellip ;  
a novel assay for cobalt-albumin binding and its potential as a marker for myocardial ischemia-a d bar-or e lau jv winkler  journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
how dos programs can use over 1mb of ram j prosise pc magazine 1993.0    
a structured approach for the definition of the semantics of active databases . tech . pep . 95-028 p fraternali l tanca  acm trans . database syst . ( to appear )  
dynamics of manifolds in random media : the self-consistent hartree approximation h kinzelbach j. phys . i ( france ) 1993.0 
presentation at the workshop on future low energy neutrino experiments technical university munich munich g horton-smith j atwell rd mckeown p vogel   
key facts rl escobar d party p radical area 2001.0 
short-term treatment with proton pump inhibitors h2-receptor antagonists and prokinetics for gastro b van pinxteren me numans pa bonis j lau cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
fast high-dimensional data search in incomplete databases 1998.0 bc ooi ch goh kl tan vldb  
the other america : teens in prison gb stewart san diego : lucent  
aspects of a high-performance parallel-architecture simulator master &#39; s thesis mit laboratory for computer science ea brewer   
turtle and david d. lewis . 1991 . '' the use of phrases and structured queries in information wb croft r howard proceedings of acm    
some adaptations in the nesting behavior of terns jm cullen  proc . int . omithol . congr  
c++ as the living language pc-magazine russian s boris   
the decline of seasonal labour migration to the coffee forests of south-west ethiopia geography ap wood   
hierarchical clustering via joint between-within distances gj szekely ml rizzo  2003.0 
screening for vitamin d depletion am parfitt  lancet i 1984.0 
embeddedness in practice numbers in context : the politics of knowing and doing p moss   
diapers and underpads part 2 : cost outcomes ds brown    
on the equilibrium of vapour at a curved surface of liquid w thomson phil . mag    
â ?? a passion for excellenceâ ?? t peter    
do co-workersâ ?? wages matter ? theory and evidence on wage secrecy wage compression and effort g charness p kuhn    
redial basis function interpolation on space mesh [ m ] yin bao-cai gao wen proc acm siggraph97 los angeles  
interactive cross-platform promise of java . rv dragan pc magazine    
a dbms prototype to surt extended nf2-relations : an integrated view on fiat tables and hierarchies p dadam k kuspert f anderson h blanken r erbe proc . of a cm/sigmod    
query cachingand optimization in distributed mediator systems s adali ks candan y papakonstantinou vs proceedingsof the acm sigmod conference    
on the diffusion approximation to a discontinuous model for a single neuron g kallianpur  contributions to statistics  
france : recession politics and migration policy . geography p ogden   
database research activities at the university of vienna 1992.0 am tjoa g vinek acm sigmod record  
area distributions in porous substances i : p volume   
& sidner cl ( 1985 ) . the structures of discourse structure bj grosz  stanford university technical report  
melting ice o mishima ld calvert e whalley i at  
the maturation of high school students involved in extracurricular activities as witnessed from a kp mccaughn   1999.0 
selection of optimal values for concentration of key isotope in waste of a cascade for separation of na kolokolâ ?? tsov ni laguntsov ga sulaberidze at . energ    
poverty-induced migration and urban involution in india : causes and consequences s mukherji   1995.0 
environment partitioned distributed simulation of queueing systems jc comfort   
a multi-similarity algebra proc . of sigmod l. haas and a. tiwary s adalä ± p bonatti ml sapino vs subrahmanian   
memory is not only about storage . kl huber new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
the theory of the long-run equilibrium exchange rate unpublished manuscript p montiel   
reducing persian gulf dependence over time 1980.0 d kline jp weyam   
an nc approximation algorithm for the minimum degree spanning tree problem m furer b raghavachari proc . of the 28th annual allerton conf . on communication & hellip ;    
xirql-an esteoslon of xql for information retrieval paper presented at the acm sigir 2000 workshop n fuhr  athens . greece  
a matter of degrees f fitter computerworld  
representing and querying xml with incomplete information s abiteboul l segoufin v vianu    
java speed trials rv dragan l seltzer pc magazine  
regulation of nitrate and nitrite reductases in dinitrogen-fixing cyanobacteria and nifâ ?? mutants 1989.0 j martãn - nieto a herrero e flores archives of microbiology  
associate professor department of computer science & engineering university of california y papakonstantinou  san  
analysis of metals by graphite furnace aas using spark ablation bv l'vov av novichikhin 1990.0  at . spectrosc.  
development of a rotor-body coupled analysis for an active mount aeroelastic rotor testbed vt center    
zork : a computerized fantasy simulation game pd lebling ms blank    
skyline index for time series data ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering q li ifv lopez b moon  2004.0 
document quality models for web ad hoc retrieval y zhou wb croft    
a method for module architecture verification and its application on a large component-based system a postma  information & software technology  
simple random sampling from relational databases fo or861 d rotem proc . of vldb kyoto japan aug  
low voltage class-ab output stages for cmos op-amps rg carvajal a torralba j ramãrez - angulo j    
software for information storage and retrieval tested evaluated and compared . part 1 - general eg sieverts m hofstede electronic library   1991.0 
zinc supplementation in pregnancy k mahomed  cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
comparison of zeus data with standard model predictions for e ^ + pâ ?? e ^ + x scattering at high x and q ^ 2 zeitschrift fã 1/4 r physik c particles and fields 1997.0 j breitweg et al   
acceleration support by integrated starter/alternator for automotive applications r jayabalan a emadi  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2004.0 
birds of north america 2001.0 f alsop   
on the importance of tuning in incremental view maintenance : an experience case study d agrawal ae abbadi 2000.0    
coping as a mediator of emotion s folkman rs lazarus journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0    
on the problem of the software cost function jj dolado information & software technology   2001.0 
modeling slotted wdm rings with discrete-time markovian models computer networks ma marsan e leonardi m meo f neri  2000.0 
hsv/aav rep1 hybrid amplicon vector improves the stability of transgene expression in human cells by y wang sm camp m niwano s shen jc bakowska xo  2002.0 
garcãa - solaco : â ?? suitability of data models as canonical models for federated dbsâ ?? c saltor acm sigmod record    
computer hardware description languages : the bridge between software and hardware mr barbacci t uehara ieee computer    
toward a new information logic cj van rijsbergen proceedings of acm sigir    
simplifying polynomial constraints over integers to make dependence analysis more precise v maslov w pugh  md  
supporting recursion-in proc if cruz ao mendelzon ptwagq language acm sigmod conf . on management of data    
democracy in america a tocqueville   
supporting full-text information retrieval with po store ew brown jp callan wb croft jeb moss    
automatic text recognition for video indexing r lienhart   
developing mentoring programs : major themes and issues ma wunsch  new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
using archaeology to explore cultures of north america through time social studies and the young learner ms black  1998.0 
living with agents j collis s soltysiak d ndumu n azarmi bt technology journal 2000.0 
simulated virtual market place by using voiscape communication medium y kanada proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
using artificial intelligence to solve problems in software quality management software quality management-international conference - cj burgess   
chimera : example-based graphical editing d kurlander 1993.0  & hellip ; what i do : programming by demonstration table of contents  
early versus late fusion in semantic video analysis cgm snoek m worring awm smeulders proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
control . fusion plasma phys rj butteryâ ? ¦ proc . 28th eps ( funchal 2001 ) vol 25a    
compensation for the effect of the communication channel in auditory-like analysis of speech ( rasta - h hermansky n morgan a bayya p kohn proc . eurospeech  
on the characteristics of practical bilinear model structures systems science-wroclaw - 1996.0 a dunoyer l balmer kj burnham djg james   
computing in america : electronic learning 's sixth annual survey of the states f reinhold electronic learning 1986.0 
pearl : an interactive system for the preparation and validation of structured programs ra snowdon acm sigplan notices 1972.0    
discourse transcription ( vol . 4 ) santa barbara ca : university of california at santa barbara & hellip ; jw du bois s cumming s schuetze-coburn d   
oral non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug therapy for cystic fibrosis 2000.0 c dezateux a crighton cochrane database syst rev  
study of ieee 802.1 p garp/gmrp timer values f tobagi p molinero-fernandez m karam    
expressive power and complexity of disjunctive datalog t eiter g gottlob h mannila  proceedings of workshop on logic programming with incomplete & hellip ;  
dlv : a disjunctive datalog system n leoneâ ? ¦    
minimizing maximum response time in scheduling broadcasts y bartal s muthukrishnan 2000.0  proc annu acm siam symp discrete algorithms  
molecular electronics with carbon nanotubes a phaedon  acc . chem . res  
interventions for dysphagia in acute stroke pm bath fj bath dg smithard  cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension vl ldegpwww p dadam r erbe j guenauer p pistor proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
fusion queries over internet databases s abiteboul h garcia-molina y papakonstantinou   
interactive multimedia pedagogies : report of the working group on interactive multimedia pedagogy es adams l carswell a kumar j meyer a ellis p  acm sigcue outlook 1996.0 
presenting html structures in audio f james technical report stanford university  
active xml : peer-to-peer data and web services integration ( demo ) proc . of vldb s abiteboul o benjelloun i manolescu t milo r  2002.0 
how to stand in a storm . ba asbury new directions for higher education 1973.0 
random sampling from hash les f olken d rotem p xu proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference    
two mechanisms in the action of repressor ef1 : binding site competition with an activator and 1997.0 r sekido k murai y kamachi h kondoh genes to cells  
ruptured hemidiaphragm : unusual late presentation ew cameron se mirvis journal of emergency medicine 1996.0    
the importance of long-range dependence of vbr video trac in atm trac engineering : myths and bk ryu a elwalid   
exact and approximate phrase matching in xml s amer-yahia m fernandez d srivastava yx pix acm [ acm03a ]    
experimental studies of deposition by debris flows : process characteristics of deposits and jj major seattle university of washington    
morgan kaufmann publishers ca diego    
characterization and chromaticity of q-trees ã?n egecioglu lp shen   1986.0 
cephalic version by postural management for breech presentation gj hofmeyr r kulier  cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the autha protocol for password-based authenticated key exchange m bellare p rogaway    
indefinite and maybe information in relational databases kclr sunderraman  acm transactions on database systems  
zotepine for schizophrenia m fenton s morris p de-silva a bagnall sj cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
association of glial cells with the terminal parts of neurite bundles extending from chick spinal cell and tissue research f grainger dw james  1970.0 
the conversational classroom proceeding of the 34th technical symposium on computer science w waite m jackson a diwan  2003.0 
a multimedia presentation algebra acm sigmod philadelphia 1999.0 s adah ml sapino vs subrahmanian   
shelxtl5 . 2 s lee sr lovelace dj arford sj geib sg weber acc . chem .    
a 200 plus seat restaurant and cafe facility was constructed at a cost of $ 2,012,764 i september   2003.0 
jm hellerstein static analysis techniques for predicting the behavior of active database rules a aiken j widom  transactions on database  
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension . sigmod 84 boston ma june 1984 sigmod record v lum p dadam r erbe j guenauer p pistor g   
why do people need self-esteem ? converging evidence that self-esteem serves an anxiety-buffering journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 j greenberg s solomon t pyszczynski a   
the substance of image jc dvorak  pc  
das einen link zu einem programm oder dokument in e bild microsoft    
solid wastes p kollias  1993.0 
a. & benkovic sj ( 1988 ) t dix  acc . chem .  
software componentsâ ?? proc . i hardware   
historical context and contemporary setting of the learning sanctuary . jh buskey  new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
beam commissioning of the j-parc linac dtl-1 at kek proc . of 29th linac meeting in japan ( in japanese ) & hellip ; y kondoâ ? ¦   
lure vy and shu nc data translation part ii . define : a non-procedural language for defining in - proc . acm bc housel   
user interface tools ba myers dr olsen jr jg bonar proceedings of acm    
the corona problem and the angles between invariant subspaces vi vasyunin algebra i analiz  
optimizing queries across diverse data sources h laura hd kossmann el wimmersâ ? ¦  ptoc . 23rd int . conf . on vety large data bases  
do diverse juries aid or impede justice ? ks klein td klastorin wisconsin law review   1999.0 
active xml : peer-to-peer data and web serivces integration ( demo ) s abiteboul o benjelloun i manolescu t milo r proceedings of the international vldb  
object systems over relational databases mk crowe  information and software technology 1993.0 
thickness dependence of the nucleation field of triglycine sulphate phil . mag hf kay jw dunn   
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource bt technology journal cm christensen dl sundahl 2001.0  bt technology journal  
carotid endarterectomy for symptomatic carotid stenosis cs cina cm clase rb haynes  cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
an optimal divide-conquer algorithm for 2d skyline queries hx lu y luo x lin   
improved approximation algorithms for metric facility location problems m mahdian y ye j zhang lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
efficient checking sequences for testing finite state machines k inan h ural information and software technology 1999.0    
composite document extended retrieval '' ea fox  proc . acm sigir conference montreal canada  
exceeding the datatlow lit via value prediction mh lipasti jp shen  proc . of 29th international symposium on  
einsatz und fusion von multisensoralen satellitenbilddaten zur erfassung von waldinventuren aa darvishsefat 1994.0    
the tenth text retrieval conference ( trec-2001 ) gaithersburg em voorhees dk harman  md  
a new sql-like operator for mining association rules . int . m. vijayaraman ap buchmann c. mohan r meo g psaila s ceri proceedings 22nd international conference on very large data    
the toshiba tiooo ibmâ ?? s academic computing conference and sparc pcs by l any press ram test v write i speed pc    
web content adaptation to improve sever workload behavior t abdelzaher n bhatti computer networks    
london 1991 m artin ph algebra    
realtime learning and control using asynchronous dynamic programmming ag baro sj bradtke sp singh technical report 91-57 university of massachusetts at amherst    
spruce-fir forests of eastern north america ps white cv cogbill ecological studies 1992.0 
selberg trace formula for psl ( 2 r ) : volume 2 da hejhal  1983.0 
education through geography : knowledge understanding values and culture f slater geography-london - 1994.0 
teg : a high-performance scalable multi-network point-to-point communications methodology lecture notes in computer science ts woodall rl graham rh castain dj daniel mw  2004.0 
e cienttransient simulation of lossy interconnect jsrdo pederson  proc . 28th acm/ieee dac jun  
a monte-carlo simulation of reproduction see ref jc barrett   
planning after the golden decade . lw bender new directions for higher education 1974.0    
initial trials with commercial micropropagation of birch selections b mccown r amos proc int plant prop soc    
estimating models with sample selection bias : a survey the journal of human resources 1998.0 f vella   
optimal bird migration : the relative importance of time energy and safety t alerstam a lindstrã ¶ m bird migration : physiology and ecophysiology 1990.0    
query caching and optimization in distributed mediator systems ks candan y papakonstantinou vs subrahmanian proc . of the 1996 sigmod conference on management of    
race space and place : the geography of economic development ag mcfarlane  san diego law review 1999.0 
a structured approach for the definition of the semantics of active databases acm transactions on database systems 1995.0 p fraternali l tanca   
set-serializability : a formal theory for partitioned data g alonso a el abbadi    
a geometric model for the thermodynamics of simple materials m dolfin m francaviglia p rogolino   
m. rosenthal a. ( 1991 ) using semantic values to facilitate interoperability among heterogeneous es sciore acm transactions on database  
query execution techniques for caching expensive methods sigmod conference 1996.0 jm hellerstein jf naughton   
pseudo-random sequences and arrays fj macwilliams nja sloane  ieee proceedings 1976.0 
aids in the elderly : new york city vital statistics 1996.0 tj gaeta c lapolla e melendez journal of emergency medicine  
natural hazard evaluation perception and adjustment geography dj parker dm harding   
seasonal population trends of adult stable flies . misc . public . 74 entomological society of america md gl greene   
improving higher education : the need for a broad view of assessment pj gray rm diamond  new directions for higher education 1989.0 
planning appropriate cervical cancer control programs . c herdman j sherris seattle washington : path  
grammar-based specification and synthesis for synchronous digital hardware design a seawright  1994.0 
evaluating the effects of climate change on biological communities : integrating historical science rd sagarin university of california at santa barbara ( usa )  
versions of schema for oodbs w kim h chou  proc . 14th vldb  
kspc ( keystrokes per character ) as a characteristic of text entry techniques 2002.0 is mackenzie lecture notes in computer science  
random sampling from relational databases f olken d rotem proc . vldb &#39; 86 twelfth international conference on very large & hellip ;  
multi-resolution video representation for parallel disk arrays t chiueh rh katz & hellip ; of the first acm international conference on multimedia 1993.0    
experimentelle und numerische untersuchungen von tropfendispergiervorgã $ ngen in komplexen laminaren sfm kaufmann phd thesis eth zurich switzerland    
models modeling and the design of the study s ransdell c hawkins r adams international journal of educational research 2001.0    
long-term dependence in trading unpublished manuscript e ghysels j jasiak   
pre-operative autologous donation for minimising perioperative allogeneic blood transfusion da henry pa carless aj moxey do ` connell ma  cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
mats ( metric/allen time system ) documentation . at & t bell laboratories 1991 . 12 my kim and j. song . h kautz  proc . acm  
a technique for high-performance data coinpression ta welch ieee computer  
autotrophic co 2 fixation in acetobacterium woodii archives of microbiology 1983.0 g eden g fuchs   
masson ; 2004 . 352 pã ¡ gs fi barcelona   
factorizing complex predicates in queries to exploit indexes s chaudhuri p ganesan s sarawagi sigmod conference 2003.0 
robert alexander falla ( 1901â ?? 1979 ) kbe cmg ma 1980.0 rk dell   
asynchronous parallel branch and bound and anomalies a de bruin gap kindervater h trienekens  lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
quadratic optimal control of regular well-posed linear systems with applications to parabolic 1998.0 js olof   
appreciating diverse learners in the social studies classroom . children 's literature . t mcgowanâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1995.0    
updating xml views of relational data xl dong p bohannon hf korth p narayan submitted for publication  
efficient i/o scheduling in tertiary libraries s prabhakar d agrawal a el abbadi a singh   1996.0 
structure sharinginlexicalrepresentations ' pcwt flickingerd proceedings of the 23rd acl chicago    
the trillium user interface design environment da henderson jr acm sigchi bulletin 1986.0    
on parallel processing ofaggregateandscalar functionsinobjectrelationaldbms proc . of acm sigmod m jaedicke b mitschang   
cost models for overlapping and multiversion structures acm transactions on database systems y tao d papadias j zhang  2002.0 
on-line new event detection and tracking proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; r swan j allan   
addressing and routing in hexagonal networks with applications for location update and connection fg nocetti i stojmenovic j zhang  submitted for  
the sociology of subcultures . do arnold 1970.0    
â ?? digital local control system of radial magnetic field errors in rfx : design commissioning and e gaio a luchetta g manduchi g marchiori v proc . 28th symposium on fusion technology marseilles    
andv . s. subrahmanian . a multi-similarity algebra s adal p bonati ml sapino proc . of 1998 sigmod conference on management of    
l903 . letter to henry rankin . 10 june l903 . in vol . 2 of the letters of william james 196 w james   
making the reading writing social studies connection . k jorgensen-esmaili social studies and the young learner 1990.0    
a tissue oxygenation monitor using nir spatially resolved spectroscopy s suzuki s takasaki t ozaki y kobayashi proc  
bound and scattering states in the heisenberg ferromagnet & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ; 1973.0 jf perez   
efficient incremental view maintenance in data warehouses ky lee jh son mh kim   
racism conservatism affirmative action and intellectual sophistication : a matter of principled j sidanius f pratto l bobo journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
ultrastructure of plant leaf tissue infected with mite-borne viral-like pathogens 28th ann . proc . electron mierose . soe . am oe bradfute re whitmoyer lr nault   
practical clinical biochemistry volume 1 h varley a gowenlock m bell   
paradoxical effects of thought suppression journal of personality and social psychology dm wegner dj schneider sr carter tl white  1987.0 
diverse world of unconventional hydrogen bonds . nv belkova es shubina lm epstein acc . chem . res 2005.0    
minimizing the i/o-operations for undo-logging in database systems a reuter very large data bases 1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ;   1979.0 
soil analysis as a necessary complement to leaf analysis for fertilizer advisory purpose proc int soc citriculture sf du plessis   
the approval motive : studies in evaluative dependence dp crowne d marlowe    
measurement and prediction of the verification cost of the design in a formalized methodology h robain y albouy m dabas m descloitres c information and software technology 1999.0 
electron microscopy sample preparation for the biological and physical sciences using focused ion la giannuzzi bi prenitzer jl drown-macdonald tl 1998.0  at process  
ghost : fine granularity buffering of indexes ch goh bc ooi d sim kl tan proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ; 1999.0    
classes of hypergraphs with sum number one hm teichert   
overview of existing xml storage techniques submitted for publication s amer-yahia m fernandez   
constrained cascade generalization of decision trees knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on h zhao s ram  2004.0 
serving culturally diverse populations : a social imperative for adult and continuing education . jm ross-gordon new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0    
optimizing queries across diverse data sources vldb lm haas d kossmann el wimmers j yang  1997.0 
the role of a judge in a user based retrieval experiment ( poster session ) m wu m fuller r wilkinson 2000.0  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;  
universality and individuality : the interaction of noun phrase determiners in copular clauses jc mallery  proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ; 1985.0 
continuous nearest search t tao d papadias q shen  2002.0 
microsoft word version 2002 plain & simple j joyce m moon  2001.0 
erp project problems plague city payroll c stedman computerworld    
secure statistical databases with random sample queries acm transactions on database systems de denning  1980.0 
structure du sacerdoce chrã © tien y congar  md  
chabot : retrieval froma relationaldatabase ofimages ieee computer ve ogle   
oral theophylline for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease fs ram pw jones aa castro ja de brito an cochrane database syst rev 2002.0    
the effects of incremental submaximal exercise on circulating leukocytes in physically active and n moyna g acker k weber j fulton f goss r  european journal of applied physiology 1996.0 
cmd : a multidimensional declustering method for parallel database systems l jianzhong j srivastava d rotem proceedings of international conference on vldb august  
using wordnet tm to disambiguate word sense for text retrieval proceedings of acm sigir conference 1993.0 em voorhees   
integer and fractional packings of hypergraphs v rodl m schacht m siggers n tokushige    
an activity based costing approach to systems development and implementation g ooi c soh pm lee    
integrating contents and structure in text traversal r baeza-yates g navarro sigmod record  
living ring [ hyphen ] opening metathesis polymerization catalyzed by well [ hyphen ] characterized rr schrock  acc . chem . res  
a data extraction processing and restructuring system nc shu bc housel rw taylor sp ghosh vye lum  acm trans . database syst  
the migration of inert gases in ionic crystals mj norgett ab lidiard  phil . mag  
a multimedia presentation algebra s adal ml sapino vs subrahmanian    
hons ( at least 8 months spent in a spanish-speaking country ) y spanish   
radiofrequency driven ion flows in a magnetized plasma c marchetto f califano m lontano proc . 28th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;    
asynchronous iterative methods for multiprocessors gm baudet journal of the acm ( jacm )   1978.0 
macro-op scheduling and execution i kim 2004.0    
the third text retrieval conference ( trec-3 ) gaithersburg dk harman md  
projet animã © par le cript du groupe des ecoles telecom c du moulin   
residency-trained emergency physicians : their demographics practice evolution and attrition from journal of emergency medicine kn hall ma wakeman  1999.0 
mecamylamine ( a nicotine antagonist ) for smoking cessation t lancaster lf stead cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
innovatory activity in spanish firms : regular versus occasional patterns j molero m buesa   
the value of a ged in a choice-based experimental sample g cave j bos  1994.0 
development of physics text corpora for latent semantic analysis dr franceschetti a karnavat j marineau gl    
positrons in solids p hautojarvi  1979.0 
pre-and post-colonial sediment sources and storage in the lower neuse basin north carolina jd phillips  physical geography  
high-performance frontends for trace processors qa jacobson   1999.0 
human resource systems and sustained competitive advantage : a competency-based perspective aa lado mc wilson 1994.0  the academy of management review  
molecular genetics of amyloid neuropathy in europe ij holt ae harding l middleton g chrysostomou lancet i   1989.0 
detection of anticardiolipin antibody in patients with cocaine abuse . 1991.0 ga fritsma jb leikin aj maturen cj froelich do journal of emergency medicine  
text filtering by boosting naive bayesian classifiers yh kim sy hahn bt zhang  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;  
part-based shape retrieval m tanase rc veltkamp    
monitoring of selections of visual stimuli and the primate frontal cortex proceedings : biological sciences m petrides  1991.0 
hellerstein ( 1992 ) . behaviour of database production rules : termination confluence and observable proceedings acm sigmod international conference on the a aiken j widom   
adding disjunction to datalog t eiter g gottlob h mannila    
mathematical methods : what we need and donâ ?? t need dl parnas ieee computer    
iml-inscribed nets for modeling text processing and data ( base ) management systems g richter vldb  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?nonlinear functions for blind separation and equalization ã cents â ? ¬ â ? ph. d h mathis  dissertation eth zã?â 1/4 rich zurich switzerland nov. .  
territorial competition and locational advantage in the london region ir gordon american association of geographers annual conference & hellip ;  
directional bias in intra-urban migration 1969.0 js adams economic geography  
r. g unthor und c. mohan : failure handling in large scale workflow management systems g alonso m kamath d agrawal a el abbadi  technischer bericht rj9913 ibm almaden research center  
future research on exergy and its application : simultaneous resolution of energy and environment h jin   1999.0 
generalized trees to give denotational semantics to finite delay unpublished g winskel   
the impact of cultural values on employee resistance to teams : toward a model of globalized self - bl kirkman dl shapiro 1997.0  the academy of management review  
evaluation of the 2-poisson model as a basis for using term frequency data in searching vv raghavan h shi ct yu acm sigir forum 1983.0    
orientation dependence of energy dissipation during plastic deformation of fcc crystals phil . mag d nakada   
views of nature : the environment values and literature . r lutts new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
creating an energized workplace b nelson  leader to leader  
in search of software maintenance productivity and quality : does software complexity matter ? proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 rd banker sa slaughter   
understanding attitudes and predicting behavior i ajzen m fishbein new york    
ã?ppna prioriteringar i ã?stergã ¶ tland k bã $ ckman p carlsson   
key issues for higher education in the 1980 s. 1979.0 c kerr new directions for higher education  
requirements engineering : making the connection between the software developer and customer information & software technology 2000.0 h saiedian r dale   
optimization methods for minimum power bidirectional topology construction in wireless networks with submitted for ak das rj marks m el-sharkawi a gray   
binding of eorticosteroids by plasma proteins vi . the electrophoretic demonstration of corticosteroid wh daughaday   
s. sohi . effectivejump-pointerprefetching for linked data structures proc . 26th intâ ?? l symp . on comp . arch a rothandg   
the softening of hardware f vahid   
polar fft rectopolar fft a averbuch rr coifman dl donoho m israeli j  and applications . technical report stanford university  
on a historical relational algebra : two views au tansel j cliord proceedings acm sigmod conference on management of data    
information storage and retrieval : a survey and functional description acm sigir forum j minker  1977.0 
object fusion in mediator systems vldb 1996.0 y papakonstantinou s abiteboul h garcia-molina   
extending entity-relationship systems to support hypotheses constraints versions and documents mf bosco m gibelli  information and software technology 1991.0 
a fractional delay application : time-varying propagation speed in waveguides s tassart r msallam p depalle s dequidt proc . int . computer music conf    
chelation therapy for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease mv villarruz a dans f tan  cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
remittances and inequality : a question of migration stage and geographic scale . economic geography 1998.0 rc jones   
waheedqureshi . aperformanceanalysis of alternative multi-attribute declustering strategies s ghandeharizadeh dj dewitt proceedings of the 1992 acmsigmod  
supporting full-text information retrieval with a persistent object store . acms anthology    
object-oriented conceptual modeling for commitment-based collaboration management in virtual j lin t lin information and software technology  
anthrax threats : a report of two incidents from salt lake city er swanson de fosnocht journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
storage model g copeland sk decomp acm  
a new sql-like operator for data mining association rules r meo g psaila s ceri proceedings of the 22nd vldb conference bombay indien  
accurate estimation of the number of tuples satisfying a condition gp shapiro c connell  proc . of sigmod  
depot fluphenazine for schizophrenia 2000.0 ce adams m eisenbruch cochrane database syst rev  
graph based multi-modality learning h tong j he m li c zhang wy ma proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
software tools for knowledge fusion c holsapple a whinston  computerworld  
a brief survey of systems providing process or object migration facilities . acm sigop operating m nuttall acm press new    
the scattering of î ± and î ² particles by matter and the structure of the atom e rutherford phil . mag 1911.0 
high total dose irradiation experiments on fiber-optic components for fusion reactor environments f berghmans m van uffelen a nowodzinski b proc . spie   1999.0 
the evolutionary cost of learning g mayley   
minimizing the pain of local infiltration anesthesia for wounds by injection into the wound edges am kelly m cohen d richards journal of emergency medicine 1994.0    
distributed transactions in practice . sigmod record acms anthology  1999.0 
regularizing the embedding operator and applications g teschke r ramlau submitted for    
a spoken language system for information retrieval sk bennacef h bonneau-maynard jl gauvain l proc . icslp    
predicate migration : optimizing queries with expensive predicates jm hellerstein   
report of the iea international fusion materials irradiation facility evaluation panel je leiss k ehrlich an goland a miyahara h ohno san diego    
xmark : a benchmark for xml data management . monetdb . swi . nl 2002 a schmidt f waas m kersten mj carey i  cwi amsterdam nl . microsoft corporations wa usa . bea  
an efficient method for knn join processing c xia h lu bc ooi jh gorder proc . of vldb  
andh . garcia-molina . objectfusioninmediatorsystems proceedings of international conference on very large y papakonstantinou s abiteboul   
optimal software release time incorporating fault correction s gokhale   
index nesting-an efficient approach to indexing in object-oriented databases 1996.0 bc ooi j han h lu kl tan the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;  
understanding and using action research in practice settings gw kuhne ba quigley  new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
detection of oceanographic fronts : a knowledge based n rees j aiken procs expert systems    
missing and inapplicable values fd linn acm sigmod record 1987.0    
modeling and simulation of friction da haessig b friedland proc . spie 1991.0 
software for information storage and retrieval tested evaluated and compared . pt ii : classical electronic library 1991.0 eg sieverts m hofstede ph haak p nieuwenhuysen   
brain tumors : their biology and pathology kj zã 1/4 lch   1957.0 
a new bound for the 2-edge connected subgraph problem r carr r ravi 1998.0  lecture notes in computer science  
immunocytochemistry controls using cell culture dfi kurtycz r logrono m leopando a slattery sl   
lack of progressive cytological abnormalities among college women with genital human papillomavirus kl kotloff ss wasserman k russ r daniel s  submitted for  
effect of ionization processes on the corona stabilization breakdown in sf 6 and sf 6-mixtures . 4 vk lakdawala rd james lg christophorou & hellip ; symposium on high voltage engineering athens greece no    
progression to regular marijuana involvement : phenomenology and risk factors for near-daily use vulnerability to drug abuse db kandel m davies   
xml and information retrieval : a sigir 2000 workshop sigir forum d carmel y maarek a soffer  2000.0 
high sample throughput with rapid microsampling flow injection icp-ms 1993.0 er denoyer a stroch q lu   
the values development dilemma . new directions for higher education 1980.0 ml mcbee   
theory of magnetic circuits for nonlinear magnetic fields in electromagnetic devices y saito procs . second inter . sym . inno . nu . ana . appl . eng . scis. & hellip ;  
thermistor thermometer based on an astable multivibrator electronic eng k holm   
query caching and optimization in distributed media systems s adali ks candan y papakonstantinou vs proc . of  
vips : a visionbased page segmentation algorithm d cai s yu jr wen wy ma    
hohere mathematik i h von mangoldt k knopp isbn    
guerriers du sel sauniers de la paix fm renard-casevitz see ref 1993.0 
understanding ` variation ' in component-based development : case findings from practice m lycett information & software technology 2001.0 
express : a data extraction processing and restructuring system nc shu bc housel rw taylor sp ghosh vy lum acm transactions on database systems 1977.0 
mutual friction in superfluid he-3 : effects of bound states in the vortex core ( abstract only ) 1991.0 nb kopnin mm salomaa oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;  
mitra and c. buckley . improving automatic query expansion as mandar proceedings of acm sigir    
violence in health care : what nurse managers need to know p elliott    
the real-time specification for java [ j ] b greg g james ieee computer  
a data model and l ~ ry language for xodus m careyâ ? ¦  proc . sigmod conf. chicago  
timor-leste area key facts  2001.0 
the design implementation and evaluation of a software-based real-time ethernet protocol t chiueh c venkatramani proceedings of acm sigcomm   1995.0 
case tool for reusable software component storage and retrieval in rapid prototyping information and software technology r steigerwald j mcdowell l luqi  1991.0 
the use of control-flow and control dependence in software tools tj ball 1993.0    
zhemkov â ?? radiation conditions during the preparation of irradiated bor-60 fuel assemblies for vv serebryakov ap kirillovich i yu  at .  
modern analogs for dinosaur nesting and parental behavior see farlow wp coombs jr   
lexical relations : enhancing effectiveness of information retrieval systems e fox  acm sigir forum 1980.0 
the rise and fall of world cities in the changing space-economy of globalization : comment on peter j m douglass political geography   2000.0 
immediate and delayed effects of early intermediate and late social isolation in the rhesus monkey 1968.0 dl clark   
pix : exact and approximate phrase matching in xml d srivastava proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
research at altair p richard acm sigmod record 1991.0    
seeger : b. 2003 . an optimal and progressive algorithm for skyline queries d papadias y tao g fu proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
stuff iâ ?? ve seen : a system for personal information retrieval and re-use s dumais e cutrell jj cadiz g jancke r sarin proceedings of sigir 2003.0 
analytical modeling of materialized view maintenance j srivastava d rotem proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1988.0 
technology in america : education c wood  pc magazine  
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching in `` proc sigmod intl. conf . on management of data a guttman   
variations on language modeling for information retrieval w kraaij  acm sigir forum 2005.0 
o-policy temporal difference learning with function approximation d precup r sutton   
personal need for structure : individual differences in the desire for simple structure sl neuberg jt newsom journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0    
simulation and measurement of dielectric antennas at 150 ghz j weinzierl j richter   
cognitive approach for building user model in an information retrieval context ( poster session ) proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; as belhassen nb abdallah hhb ghezala  2000.0 
the representation of debate as a basis for information storage and retrieval & hellip ; computer science dept. stanford university stanford ca & hellip ; d lowe   
cell cycle regulation of chromatin binding and nuclear localization of human cdc7-ask kinase complex n sato m sato m nakayama r saitoh k arai h genes to cells 2003.0    
workload characterization of a web proxy in a cable modem proc . acm sigmetrics mf arlitt r friedrich t jin   
research and practice in federated information systems mr ii gj houben rd kutsche k subieta b rieger 2000.0  sigmod record  
transforming growth factors from neoplastic and nonneoplastic tissues 1983.0 ab roberts ca frolik ma anzano mb sporn fed proc  
the cultural portfolio in beginning teacher preparation : a practical approach to identifiying and v lea b evans & hellip ; research association annual meeting seattleâ ?? washington  
positive active xml s abiteboul o benjelloun t milo    
information policies in the new europe c oppenheim electronic democracy    
1995 . generalized search trees for database systems proc . 21th int . conf . on very large data jm hellerstein jf naughton a pfeer   
ancient images ancient thought : the archaeology of ideology as goldsmith s garvie d selin j smith  proceedings of the 23rd annual chacmool conference . & hellip ;  
visual programming nc shu   1988.0 
epicentric foundation server 4.0 rv dragan pc magazine august    
the dedale system for complex spatial queries s grumbach p rigaux    
e ective use of large ram diskless workstations with the v virtual memory system d cheriton technical report dept. of computer science stanford university    
september 11 2000 clerk city of sumpter telephone conversation regarding use of city of sumpter t thompson  ecology and environment inc. seattle  
content-based image indexing vldb 1994.0 t chiueh   
the sum number of d-partite complete hypergraphs hm teichert   
convergence of a finite volume scheme for a diffusion-convection problem y coudiere jp vila p villedieu   
diverticular abscess presenting as prostate abscess and missed by abdominal ct scan journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 rg slater   
surfactant for meconium aspiration syndrome in full term infants rf soll p dargaville cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
flexpath : flexible structure and full-text querying for xml s amer-yahia lvs lakshmanan s pandit   
robust low-order control design of a generic flexible test structure ch goh   
surgical neuroangiography : volume 2 : endovascular treatment of craniofacial lesions p lasjaunias a berenstein  1996.0 
genetic and other global optimization algorithms-comparison and use in calibration problems 1998.0 dp solomatine proc . int . conf . hydroinformatics  
updated compendium on the success of passage of small fish through turbines . section i : 1-201 . mc bell us army corps of engineers seattle washington    
stable computation of multiquadric interpolants for all values of the shape parameter b fornberg g wright submitted to bit    
a temporal logic for multilevelreasoning about hardware b moskowski ieee computer    
can quality survive amidst adversity ? 1998.0 wp burgess software quality management-international conference -  
theory and methodology in historical geography see ra butlin   
die das ergebnis einer katalytischen reaktion beeinflussen : js johnson da evans b fr nichtkoordinierende liganden  acc . chem . res  
early versus delayed initiation of progressive enteral feedings for parenterally fed low birth ka kennedy je tyson s chamnanvanikij 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev  
female delinquents : defining their place in the justice system wisconsin law review 1996.0 ab poulin   
on optimmtic methods for concurrency control acm trans h kun j robinson  database syst  
metric operations on fuzzy spatial objects in databases m schneider   
multipoint communications-the key to groupworking wj clark j boucher 1994.0  bt technology journal  
construction of a dynamic thesaurus and its use for associative information retrieval h kimoto t iwadera proceedings of acm sigir  
runt domain partner proteins enhance dna binding and transcriptional repression in cultured genes to cells m fujioka gl yusibova cm sackerson s tillib a  1996.0 
non-equilibrium sediment transport modeling of sanmenxia reservoir . energy and water : sustainable proceedings of theme d the 27 thcongress of international & hellip ; a molinas b wu   
distributed dbms means cost trouble js bozman  computerworld  
il fine vita dellâ ?? automobile : prospettive tecnologiche e ambientali a levizzari  area science park  
blue-c-ii 2003.0 l hovestadt m gross l van gool m meier s   
performance : the need for an in-depth view acm press frontier series 1990.0 hf jordan   
turbulent flows in a boundary layer and in pipes at . energ md millionshchikov   
the effect of haloperidol in cocaine and amphetamine intoxication . rw derlet te albertson p rice journal of emergency medicine 1990.0    
storhouse metanoia : new applications for database storage & data warehousing f cariã ± o jr p kostamaa a kaufmann j burgess proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2001.0 
performance study of emerging serial storage interfaces : serial storage architecture ( ssa ) and fiber dhc du j hsieh t chang y wang s shim   
place/transition petri nets 1998.0 j desel w reisig lecture notes in computer science  
the database and information system research group at the university of ulm p dadam w klas sigmod record   1997.0 
sensorless force reflecting teleoperation for low cost web-interfaced systems r oboe s piovan   
the influence of size and life cycle duration of a lunar base on its logistics cost hh koelle  technical university berlin ilr mitt  
a comparison of physiotherapy techniques for patients with parkinsonâ ?? s disease kh deane d jones c ellis-hill ce clarke ed cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
development and evaluation of a hybrid piezoelectric actuator for advanced flap control technology 1999.0 p jaenker v kloeppel f hermle s storm m european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings.  
d. kossmann . el wimmers . and j. yang . optimizing queries across diverse data sources l haas proceedings of international conference on very large    
draft flux and sources of nutrients in the mississippi-atchafalaya river basin . topic 3 gulf of da goolsby wa battaglin gb lawrence rs artz bt    
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource bt technology journal pj sheppard gr walker bt technology journal 1997.0 
hardware implementation of phong shading using spherical interpolation am abbas l szirmay-kalos t horvath periodica polytechnica electrical engineering 2000.0    
storage and retrieval of xml documents using object-relational databases t shimura m yoshikawa s uemura   
key strategy and coordination problem c wen h bin z yingli y chunyan & hellip ; of the 3rd international conference on management . beijing : & hellip ;    
e. ] 8 . crellin and m. 13evls p allan  phil . mag  
algorithms for loading parallel grid files proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; j li d rotem j srivastava  1993.0 
predicting academic performance of college students in the united states and in estonia . international journal of educational research s ransdell cm hawkins r adams  2001.0 
chances of death k pearson london i    
constructive approximation for a class of perturbed hammerstein integral equations december 1997 a sommariva m vianello    
social facilitation and inhibition of emotional expression and communication journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 r buck ji losow mm murphy p costanzo   
specific immunotherapy in asthma j bousquet fb michel allergy proceedings 1994.0    
semantic segmentation of videophone image sequences pjl van beek mjt reinders b sankur jca van der proceedings of spie   1992.0 
h. lu . h-tree-a dynamic associative search index for oodb c low b ooi proceedings of the acm sigmod international    
efficient processing of regular path joins using pid 2003.0 j kim hj kim information and software technology  
research in information managment at dublin city university m roantree af smeaton acm sigmod record 2002.0    
failure to recognize the effect of implicit social influence on the presentation of self jd vorauer dt miller  journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
applications of murphyâ ?? s elements p diaconis c greene technical report 335 dept. of statistics stanford university    
knowledge-based approach to jpeg acceleration k froitzheim h wolf  proc spie 1995.0 
asynchronous nested transactions for mult-tier applications r karoui m saheb    
lectures on the geometry of numbers 1989.0 cl siegel k chandrasekharan   
deoxyribonuclease for cystic fibrosis ce kearney ce wallis  cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
hierarchical clustering of www image search results using visual textual and link information d cai x he z li wy ma jr wen proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
dependence of high-speed elements â ?? aerodynamics on local heat sources in approaching flow vb axuiev i ryibka n savischenko a kuranov proceedings of the 2â ?? d wig workshop    
using audio-casi to collect data on domestic violence unpublished manuscript manpower demonstration research & hellip ; a gallup-black   
a code generation framework for vliw architectures with partitioned register banks s jang s carr p sweany d kuras   
surgery for nonarteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy cochrane database syst rev k dickersin e manheimer  2000.0 
the theory of probabilistic databases r cavallo m pittarelli 1987.0  vldb  
organizational charts really do matter . m schrage computerworld  
application of telemetry to sports activities t ishiko  biomechanics i  
african writing and text ottawa : legas 2000 s battestini   
modeling the effects of faking on a personality test mj zickar j rosse r levinâ ? ¦ unpublished manuscript  
heretaunga plains groundwater study volume 1 : findings ay regional council pn dravid lj brown  1997.0 
hydrogen research development and demonstration activities at the idaho & hellip ; rp anderson   
predicting intonational phrasing from text '' acl mq wang j hirschberg proc . 29th annual meeting    
living with xml and relational proc . vldb conference f manolescu d florescu d kossmann f xhumari d   
instantaneous and short term emission rates observed during modal acceleration testing proceedings of the fourth crc-aprac on-road vehicle emission & hellip ; p cicero-fernandez jr long  1994.0 
on the correlation of cues with discourse structure : results from a corpus study m moser jd moore  unpublished manuscript  
the trace of special values of modular l-functions d lanphier submitted for    
clustering techniques for minimizing external path length aa diwan s rane s seshadri s sudarshan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0    
the carteret islands : precedents of the greenhouse effect ? geography j connell   
predicting software 's minimum-time-to-hazard and mean-time-to-hazard for rare input events jm voas kw miller   
continuous model of an unreliable two-stage material flow system with a finite buffer sb gershwin ic schick technical report lids-r-1039 massachusetts institute of    
an attention-based approach to content-based image retrieval a bamidele fwm stentiford j morphett bt technology journal 2004.0 
an interpolated volume data model t wang s santini a gupta  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
presentation design using an integrated knowledge base y arens l miller n sondheimer acm press new york 1991.0    
optimization-based verification and stability characterization of piecewise affine and hybrid a bemporad fd torrisi m morari  lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
motion planning and related geometric algorithms in robotics proc . int . congress of mathematicians jt schwartz m sharir   
pix : exact and approximate phrase matching in xml . s amer-yahia mf fernandez d srivastava y xu   
charting reform in chicago schools : pluralistic policy research pa sebring as bryk new directions for program evaluation 1993.0    
towards an information logic cj van rijsbergen  proceedings of the 12th annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 1989.0 
sudden respiratory deterioration in the positive pressure ventilated patient : an organized approach journal of emergency medicine dj beless cm slovis  1996.0 
nafplio : semantic analysis of the character of a historic city j stefanou athens greece : peloponesian folklore institute publications  
similarity search in multimedia databases m patella    
das management-audit : wie fit sind ihre fã 1/4 hrungskrã $ fte-faz-inst . fã 1/4 r management - markt-und j samland   
typhoon-zero implementation : the vortex module rw pfile computer sciences technical report-university of wisconsin & hellip ;   1995.0 
random-effects analysis . human brain function w penny ap holmes 2004.0    
first-class views : a key to user-centered computing and slimmer tiers a rosenthal e sciore   
the practitioner 's viewpoint jl berg j weythman j golden j lyon j winkler proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1978.0    
interventions for treating scabies 2000.0 gj walker pw johnstone cochrane database syst rev  
brain blood flow and neurofeedback h toomis  unpublished manuscript  
efficient view maintenance at data warehouses sigmod rec 1997.0 d agrawal a el abbadi a singh t yurek   
bioterrorism responses by health care professionals r moser jr  presentations at  
surface crystallography by leed ma van hove sy tong   1979.0 
consequences of diverse reproductive strategies in marine invertebrates gl eckert 1999.0    
a variational approach to spline curves on surfaces 2004.0 h pottmann m hofer submitted for publication  
international retirement migration in europe : from tourism to residence in the mediterranean regions am williams association of american geographers conference hawaii & hellip ;  
fast incremental indexing for full-text information retrieval vldbâ ?? 94 : proceedings of the 20th ew brown jp callan wb croft  1994.0 
combined laura-ups solution strategy for chemically-reacting flows wa wood & hellip ; thesis university of washington seattle washington june  
( ( efficient minimization of deterministic weak ï?â ?? automata ) ) 2001 c loding  submitted for  
ieee-p1451 . 2 smart transducer interface module proceedings sensors expo philadelphia s woodsâ ? ¦   
contention over space and place mobilization-san diego - 2003.0 c tilly   
practical dependence testing g goff k kennedy cw tseng proceedings of the acm sigplan 1991 conference on & hellip ; 1991.0    
o @ rnization of nested sql queries revisited ra ganski hkt wung  proc . 1987 sigmod may  
detecting change in data streams s ben-david j gehrke d kifer    
grassrooting the space of flows 1999.0 m castells urban geography  
isomorphisms and traversability of directed path graphs h broersma x li   
recombinant growth hormone in children and adolescents with turner syndrome cb cave j bryant r milne 2003.0  cochrane database syst rev  
toxicologic evaluation of fk 506 . transplantation proceedings 1990.0 k ohara r billington rw james ga dean m   
sturmâ ?? s theorem for hyperelliptic integrals algebra i analiz ab givental   
modeling of workload in mpps j jann p pattnaik h franke f wang j skovira j  lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
model 241/243/244 splitbeam digital echo sounder system operatorâ ?? s manual version 1.8 hydroacoustic technology inc. seattle washington ht inc   
multidatabase interoperability in the jupiter system 1995.0 j murphy j grimson information and software technology  
kalchasâ ?? dynamic xml search engine r kaae t nguyen d nã ¸ rgaard 2005.0  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;  
the need for asynchronous distributed transactions l do p ram p drew  proceedings of acm sigmod conference philadelphia  
historical fiction & fantasy for the young learner . children 's literature . 1996.0 lb clegg pk ford social studies and the young learner  
program path analysis to bound cache-related preemption delay in preemptive real-time systems h tomiyama nd dutt   
using the exact state space of a model to compute approximate stationary measures g ciardo as miner s donatelli  proc . acm sigmetrics  
sequential sampling procedures for query size estimation pj haas an swami proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0    
sequences of low arithmetical complexity sv avgustinovich j cassaigne ae frid   
tool presentation : sal 2 l de moura s owre h rueã ? j rushby n shankar  at cav  
the kinetics of physical dependence to morphine in the rat pharmacology i l grumbach m shelofsky je boston jr  1974.0 
document classification on neural networks using only positive examples ( poster session ) lm manevitz m yousef 2000.0  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;  
first-class views : a key to user-centered computing . acms anthology sigmod record   1999.0 
rapid signalling by variance in ensembles of neocortical neurons g silberberg m bethge h markram m tsodyks k  2002.0 
partitioning dependence in nonstationary behavioral sequences n oden see hazlett  
optimization of nested sql queries revisited procs acm sigmod ( san francisco may r ganski h wang   
r. erbe j. guenauer v. lum p. pistor and g. walch . a dbms prototype to support extended nf 2 p dadam k kuespert f anderson h blanken proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching acm sigmod intl conference on management of data a guttman   
full text html format htm ( 8 kb ) source international multimedia conference archive 1995.0 t even proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;  
gathering data for the improvement of teaching : what do i need and how do i get it ? . kg lewis 1991.0  new directions for teaching and learning  
saints biographers and creole identity formation in colonial spanish america rj morgan  1998.0 
case study : scanning michelangeloâ ?? s florentine pieta f bernardini j mittleman h rushmeier acm siggraph  
efficient svm training using low-rank kernel representations 2001.0 s fine k scheinberg journal of machine learning research  
flux and sources of nutrients in the mississippi-atchafalaya river basin : topic 3 report for the da goolsby wa battaglin gb lawrence rs artz bt    
object fusion in mediator systems ( extended version ) . available by anonymous ftp at db y papakonstantinou h garcia-molina stanford . edu as the le/pub/papakonstantinou / 1995/fusion -    
connell . accurateestimationofthe numberof tuplessatisfyinga condition proc . acm sigmod conference g piatetsky-shapiroandc   
storage technology takes central state g lawton  ieee computer  
case study in human factors evaluation a whitefield a sutcliffe 1992.0  information and software technology  
the forests of india ep stebbing volume i    
ethylene in plant biology . 2 nded.â ?? academic press san diego fb abeles pw morgan me saltveit jr   
vaccines for preventing influenza in people with cystic fibrosis cochrane database syst rev a tan p bhalla r smyth  2000.0 
a flora of santa cruz island : santa barbara botanic garden s junak t ayers r scott d wilken d young santa barbara california  
on the topological model theory of normal disjunctive lattices â ?? p bankston    
indexing multispectral images for content-based retrieval j barros j french w martin p kelly jm white   
adaptive bang-bang-control for processes containig switching actuators ( eine adaptive u hoffmann  1987.0 
the role of the state in growth and welfare soâ ?? riain poâ ?? connell bust to boom  
shifting paradigms with the application service provider model l tao    
apj ma prietoâ ? ¦   2004.0 
wildlife conservation : an historical perspective . j sheail geography   1984.0 
new york ny : acm ; 1991 . 93-112 il chicago   
the nearest neighbor problem in information retrieval : an algorithm using upperbounds 1981.0 af smeaton cj van rijsbergen acm sigir forum  
content-based image retrieval by viewpoint-invariant color indexing image and vision computing t gevers awm smeulders  1999.0 
pursuit : programming in the user interface proceedings of acm f modugno   
submitted to nucl . fusion ; angioni c. et al c angioniâ ? ¦  proc . of the 29th eps conf . on plasma phys . and control . & hellip ;  
andt . r. smith . efficient retrieval for browsing large image databases d wu d agrawal ae abbadi a singh procs . conf . on information and knowledge management  
landslides on exmoor caused by the storm of 15th of august 1952 geography j gifford   
clinical predictors of computed tomographic abnormalities following pediatric traumatic brain injury m ramundo t mcknight j kempf  journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
embedding knowledge in web documents m philippe e peter computer networks    
the development and control of respiratory pathways in slices of plant storage organs gg laties see ref  
fuzzy controllers with conditionally ring rules to b moser m navara   
cooperative object buffer management in the advanced information prototype k kã 1/4 spert p dadam j gã 1/4 nauer  proc .  
s. ; s ca hill j. ; d iebold j. the production of liquid fuel by fast pyrolysis of biomass proc . intersoc . energy convers . eng . conf . 28th ( 1993 ) nik czer   
building and using a highly programmable logic array m gokhale w holmes a kosper s lucas r minnich ieee computer    
suitability of data models as canonical models for federated databases f saltor m castellanos  sigmod record 1991.0 
liquid drop effects on self-ignition of combustible gas v golâ ?? dshtein i shreiber i goldfarb a  proc . 26th int . symp . on combustion  
regular rewriting of active xml and unambiguity s abiteboul t milo o benjelloun   
do south african fiscal deficits matter 1991.0 b standish o beelders   
fostering collaboration proc . acm intern . conf . r conflicts   
eld `` measurement of the size duration and thermal output of fireballs produced by a range of proc . 21st int . pyrotechnics seminar moscow rk wharton ja harding aj barratt r merri   
asynchronous sequential switching circuits s unger    
oo hm levy and s. sjparekh '' an analysis of database workload performance on simultaneous jl lo l ajbarroso sj eggers k gharachor proceedings of the 25 thinternational symposium on computer & hellip ;    
distribution issues in the design and implementation of a virtual market place h yigal f christian computer networks    
fãschlã ¡ r @ trecvid2003 : system description c gurrin h lee af smeaton proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
information storage and retrieval using avl trees cc foster proc . acm 20th nat . conf    
improving disambiguation of prepositional phrase attachments using the web as corpus h calvo a gelbukh   
building competitive advantage by extending information systems m sullivan-trainor computerworld  
hyper-lp : a system for power minimization using architectural transformations proceedings of the 1992 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; ap chandrakasan m potkonjak j rabaey rw  1992.0 
dependence on a horizontally adjacent cell discharge of addressing discharge time lag in ac pdp cell m makino e mizobata k toki  proc . int . diplay workshop  
emancipation and execution : transferring children to criminal court in capital cases wisconsin law review kh federle  1996.0 
a disjunctive datalog system ( and more ) tutorial http://www . dbai . tuwien . ac . at/proj/dlv g pfeifer w faber   
supporting extensible buffer replacement strategies in database system s bressan cl goh bc ooi kl tan  1999.0 
interventions for pathological gambling ma oakley-browne p adams pm mobberley 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev  
primary rate user-network interfaceâ ?? layer 1 specification i recommendation    
bruce croft : fast incremental indexing for full-text information retrieval w eric p brown james w callan proc . of the 20th inter . conf . on very large databases ( vldb & hellip ;    
gibraltar strait crossingâ ?? a challenge to bridge and structural engineers . ty lin p chow  struct . eng . int . ( iabse zurich switzerland )  
calculating stack distances efficiently g almasi c cascaval da padua   
query execution strategies for caching expensive methods j hellerstein j naughton proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
etal. : the solar dynamic radiator with a historical perspective proceedings of the 23rd international energy conversion kl mclallin   
ram mohan m. and sarma ds v balaram pv sunder raju sl ramesh kv anjaiah  at . spectrosc  
data fusion techniques of heterogeneous sensor images for debris hazard assessments k tsutsui s miyazaki h nakagawa t shiraishi s area 2001.0 
serious birdstrike accidents to military aircraft : updated list and summary p. 67â ?? 97 : proceedings of the 25 thinternational bird strike committee . & hellip ; j richardson t west   
two continuums collide : accreditation and assessment jl ratcliff es lubinescu ma gaffney new directions for higher education 2001.0    
the bowing of a dislocation segment aje foreman phil . mag    
hardware acceleration in commercial databases : a case study of spatial operations n bandi c sun d agrawal a el abbadi proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0    
c b. kingsbury j. beck d. johnson and n. morgan . spert-ii : a vector microprocessor system j wawrzynek k asanovi  ieee computer  
î ± 1-adrenoceptor affinities of drugs for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia in human mc michel b grã 1/4 bbel s mã ¶ llhoff t otto w proceedings of congress sociã © tã © internationale  
an efficient subdivision inversion for wavemesh-based progressive compression of 3d triangle meshes 2003.0 s valette j rossignac r prost submitted for publication  
new directions in presentation graphics : impact on teaching and learning 1992.0 jt head new directions for teaching and learning  
optimizing queries across diverse data sources lm hass d kossmann el wimmers j yang l raschid proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference athens greece acm & hellip ;    
vizard -- an innovative tool for video navigation retrieval and editing h rehatschek g kienast proceedings of the 23rd workshop of pva &#39; multimedia and  
presentation time to antibiotics and mortality of patients with bacterial meningitis at an urban jr miner w heegaard a mapes m biros journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
poisson image editing p pã © rez m gangnet a blake acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 2003.0 
teaching global studies in elementary school : an eric/chess sample . vj schlene social studies and the young learner 1992.0    
an empirical study of epidemic algorithms in large scale multihop wireless networks d ganesan b krishnamachari a woo d culler d   
the importance of long-range dependence of vbr traffic in atm traffic engineering : myths and bk ryu a elwalid proc . acm sigcomm  
ibm 8265 atm backbone switch hardware architecture computer networks h alaiwan  1999.0 
finite volume methods for acoustics and elasto-plasticity with damage in a heterogeneous medium phd thesis university of washington seattle washington t fogarty   
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource bt technology journal p muschamp j hill 2004.0  bt technology journal  
user interface design 1990.0 h thimbleby   
the wisdom of teams : creating the high-performance organization jr katzenbach dk smith   
automatic detection of mesocyclonic shear test results ds zrnic dw burgess y gal-chen 1984.0  conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland  
probabilistic temporal databases ii : calculus and query processing a dekhtyar    
satisficing in surveys : initial evidence new directions for program evaluation ja krosnick s narayan wr smith   
dos ( 2001b ) â ?? dynamic systems specification using versions and timeâ ?? mm moro sm saggiorato n edelweiss cs santos procs . of intl. database engineering and applications symposium -  
nicotine for alzheimerâ ?? s disease jm lopez-arrieta jl rodriguez f sanz cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
arand g. vattay on thepropagation of long-range dependence in the internet a veres z kenesi s moln proceedings of acm    
a social reasoning mechanism based on dependence networks c castelfranchi r conte y demazeau j sichman  procs . of  
text formatting by demonstration . ba myers 1991.0  proceedings acm  
the montage extensible datablade proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data m ubell   
the true cramer-rao bound for timing recovery from a bandlimited linearly modulated wafeform n noels h steendam m moeneclaey  proceedings icc2002 new york paper  
the binding energy of the thom as { ferm i atom jmc scott  phil . mag  
a du preez l and loubser jhn 1965 phil . mag hb dyer fa raal   
do mandates matter ? : the effects of a mandate to enter a welfare-to-work program jt knab    
group nearest neighbor queries d papadias q shen y tao k mouratidis   
parenting behavior in a sample of young mothers in poverty : results of the new change observational mj zaslow ca eldred   1998.0 
electromagnetic radiation from cylindrical structures jr wait   
on convex surfaces with regular metric . av pogorelov 1951.0    
the need for distributed asynchronous transactions l do p ram p drew   
opioid antagonists for alcohol dependence m srisurapanont n jarusuraisin cochrane database syst rev 2002.0    
spanish migration : economic causes grave social consequences r bradshaw geography    
influence of storage temperature and coating on the keeping quality of â ?? fortuneâ ?? mandarins proc . int . soc . citriculture jm martinez-javega c saucedo ma del rio m   
brain literacy for educators vw berninger tl richards  2002.0 
xrel : a path-based approach to storage and retrieval of xml documents using relational databases m yoshikawa t amagasa t shimura s uemura  acm transactions on internet technology 2001.0 
towards an integration of answer set and constraint solving . s baselice pa bonatti m gelfond   
factors affecting chinook populations d weitkamp g ruggerone  report to the city of seattle seattle washington  
living related liver transplantation : 36 cases at the university of hamburg m malago x rogiers m burdelski ce broelsch transplantation proceedings 1994.0    
on the decrease of velocity of swiftly moving electrified particles in passing through matter n bohr phil . mag    
vertical data migration in large nearline document archives based on markov-chain predictions akg weikum   1997.0 
boards of directors and firm performance : integrating agency and resource dependence perspectives 2003.0 aj hillman t dalziel academy of management review  
the need for cognition jt cacioppo re petty journal of personality and social psychology  
accelerated living r kurzweil pc  
intensity and fine structure of the main optical absorption bands in hydrated cobaltous salts phil . mag s koide   
evaluating the cost of bird-related damage to civilian and military flights as a vital tool to y leshem proceedings of the 23rd international bird strike committee  
integrating segmentation and paging protection for safe transparent and efficient software t chiuehâ ? ¦ proc . acm sosp  
decimeter gps positioning for surface element of sea floor geodesy system le young sc wu th dixon 1987.0    
a multi-similarity algebra s adal p bonatti ml sapino vs subrahmanian   
h-trees : a dynamic associative search index for 00db proceedings acm sigmod cc low bc ooi h lu   
model1 systeme fuer das studium von polypeptidhormon-receptor-wechselwlrkungen ( doctoral thesis ) e buerglsser umverslty of zurich switzerland  
risk sharing in a stochastic overlapping generations model h bohn 1998.0    
heterotopic liver transplantation in end-stage hbsag-positive cirrhosis d houssin d franco p berthelot h bismuth lancet i   1980.0 
shortcut fusion for accumulating parameters & zip-like functions j svenningsson   
combining classifiers in text categorization sl leah wb croft   1996.0 
stratigraphy tectonics paleoclimatology and paleogeography of northern basins of brazil 1984.0 mv caputo   
scheraga . ha ( 2000 ) m narayan e welker wj wedemeyer acc . chem .  
analysis of a hailstorm using dual-wavelength data re rinehart conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
the locked medicine cabinet : hmong health care in america es kirton   1985.0 
probabilistic temporal databases : algebra and implementation a dekhtyar r ross vs subrahmanian technical report cs-tr-3987 university of maryland ( january  
metrical structure in a tone language : the foot in slave ( athapaskan ) k rice proceedings of the 23rd annual regional meeting of chicago & hellip ;    
surgery for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia pl martin-hirsch e paraskevaidis h kitchener  cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
tutorial on data fusion in information retrieval pb kantor acm sigir . seattle washington  
m-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metric t ciaccia m patella p zezula proc . 23rd int . conf . on vldb    
international study for outstanding students : a case study 2001.0 m gage new directions for teaching and learning  
energy minimization with discontinuities y boykov o veksler r zabih submitted for    
developing adaptive internet based courses with the authoring system netcoach 2002.0 g weber hc kuhl s weibelzahl lecture notes in computer science  
the effect of join selectivities on optimal nesting order sigmod record a kumar m stonebraker  1987.0 
incorporating diversity into the professoriate 1993.0 tl chandler new directions for teaching and learning  
in the midst of winter : living dying and grieving in the context of aids . [ videocassette ] lc dick seattle washington : northwest aids video project    
the integration and training of arbitrary-order hmms ja du preez dm weber & hellip ; journal on intelligent information processing systems ( & hellip ;    
development of large high-performance lenses for astronomical spectrographs 1998.0 hw epps proc . spie  
orientation dependence of the threshold displacement energy in copper and vanadium phil . mag ea kenik te mitchell   
quantum theory of atoms molecules and the solid state w shockley ja copeland rp james new york : academic    
risk precaution and environmental values s jasanoff    
ozone depletion rates in the late winter/early spring arctic and antarctic stratosphere according to e kyro p taalas oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the revolt of the admirals . pr schratz   
content-based image retrieval based on local affinely invariant regions 1999.0 t tuytelaars l van gool lecture notes in computer science  
a cost model for the evaluation of path expressions in distributed object databases g ruberg f baiã # o m mattoso   
heterogeneous processing rf freund hj siegel ieee computer  
netcash : a design for practical electronic currency on the intemet 1993.0 g medvinsky bc neuman proceedings of acm conference on computer and communication & hellip ;  
manufacturing data entry mrp systems bow at ams . 1984.0 j gallant computerworld.  
image fusion with the hermite transform b escalante-ramirez a lopez-caloca   
n. colbrook a. and w. weihl . proteus : a high-performance parallel-architecture simulator ed brewer technical report mit/lcs/tr -516 massachusetts institute of  
measurement programs need vision g ray    
an upper bound for the maximum cut mean value a bertoni p campadelli r posenato 1997.0  proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ;  
a historical analyses of the development of two concepts of â ?? presbyteryâ ?? ja watt seattle washington : james a. watt  
verso : a backend relational machine proc . sixth vldb e bancilhon   
a visual programming environment for automatic programming proc 21st hawaii int . coqf â ?? on system sciences ieee nc shu   
the regional distribution of ventilation in obstructive and restrictive disease ms skorodin nj gross w druz ga gergauz tj milo  demonstration  
janet . animal migration . chicago : childrenâ ?? s press 1989 i mcdonnell   
a practical issue concerrning very large data bases g cohen  proceedings of the vldb conference ( dublin ireland ) august  
an updated parametric model of the tropical cyclone ba harper gj holland  proceedings of the 23rd conference hurricanes and tropical & hellip ;  
passage retrieval vs document retrieval for factoid question proc . acm sigir conference cla clarke el terra   
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation and acupuncture-like transcutaneous electrical nerve jg gadsby mw flowerdew cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
high energy density low impedance capacitors using pressurized water as dielectric ar miller fifth symposium on engineering problems of fusion research   1973.0 
integrated document prefetching and caching in hierarchical storage based on markov-chain a kraiss g weikum vldb journal ( may  
tracking text in mpeg videos proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; j gllavata r ewerth b freisleben  2004.0 
regular treatment with long acting beta agonists versus daily regular treatment with short acting eh walters ja walters pw gibson cochrane database syst rev 2002.0    
effects of daily workload on subsequent behavior during marital interaction : the roles of social rl repetti journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0    
engineering federated information systems report of efis '99 workshop g saake fs ii m roantree  sigmod record 1999.0 
interventions for preventing oral mucositis for patients with cancer receiving treatment je clarkson hv worthington ob eden cochrane database syst rev 2003.0    
avalon photonics ltd m moser zurich switzerland private communication may    
changes in the volume of rat cerebellar cortex during preparation for electron microscopy 1988.0 rma napper rj harvey   
towards effective indexing for very large video sequence database ht shen bc ooi x zhou proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
parameterized queries and nesting equivalences ca galindo-legaria   
rule execution testing and action execution in ariel en hanson  proceedings of  
database architecture for content-based image retrieval t kato proc . spie 1992.0 
an overview of the singularity project g hunt jr larus m abadi m aiken p barham m   
improving text categorization methods for event detection y yang t ault t pierce c lattimer  proc . acm sigir  
asynchronous distance education project g hsieh  1995.0 
storhouse metanoiaâ ?? new applications for database storage & data warehousing acm sigmod usa f carino p kostamaa a kaufmann j burgess   
cohomologie ã © tale 1977.0 p deligneâ ? ¦   
on structured singular values of reciprocal matrices s yamamoto h kimura    
rtrees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching 1984.0 a guttman   
answering xml queries over heterogeneous data sources i manolescu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0    
a multi-agent approach for peer-to-peer-based information retrieval systems h zhang wb croft b levine v lesser    
negation vs. inequation and typing for linguistic applications b carpenter g penn  unpublished manuscript  
approximation techniques for spatial data a das j gehrke m riedewald proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
object fusion in mediator systems extended version . available by anonymous ftp at db yp pgm h garcia-molina stanford . edu as the le pubpapakonstantinou1995fusion-extended .  
a benchmark for xml data management vldb a schmidt f waas m kersten m carey i manolescu   
querying continuous time sequences l lin t risch 1998.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
retrieving answers from frequently asked questions pages on the web v jijkoun m de rijke 2005.0  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;  
timeline of computer history b carlson a burgess c miller  ieee computer  
explanation structures in xsel k kukich proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ; 1985.0    
new feature for module protection in simula j palme  acm sigplan notices 1976.0 
s. subrahmanian . amultimediapresentation algebra s adali ml sapinoetv & hellip ; of the acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
anda . pfeffer generalizedsearchtreesfordatabase systems . in proc j hellerstein j naughton 21st intl conference on very large databases zurich & hellip ;  
system desiderata for xml databases a salminen fw tompa  proceedings of the 27th vldb conference roma italy 2001.0 
self-assessment : essential skills for adult learners . new directions for teaching and learning 1988.0 do justice c marienau   
a first-class approach to genericity e allen j bannet r cartwright   
routine ultrasound in late pregnancy ( after 24 weeks gestation ) cochrane database syst rev l bricker jp neilson  2000.0 
a new approach to alas/gaas quantum dot structures using movpe on tetrahedral-shaped recesses formed y sakuma y sugiyama s muto n yokoyama 1994.0    
international migration and the politics of admission and exclusion in postwar europe political geography h leitner  1995.0 
extended abstract h mannila kjdi raiha proceedings of the very large databases conference vldb & hellip ;    
â ?? tore supra : the real time plasma controlâ ?? d moulen b couturier l ducobu d elbeze b proc . 28th symposium on fusion technology marseilles & hellip ;  
teaching to promote intellectual and personal maturity : incorporating students ' worldviews and new directions for teaching and learning mbb magoldaâ ? ¦  2000.0 
japanese american internment : a historical narrative . social studies and the young learner sm pickering lb walker  1995.0 
design and user testing of a multi-paradigm query interface to an object-oriented database dk doan nw paton a kilgour sigmod record   1995.0 
full text indexing based on lexical relations an application : software libraries ys maarek fz smadja acm sigir forum 1989.0    
providing views and closure for the object data management group object model information and software technology 1999.0 m roantree   
the welfare state : an approach based on historical sociology a afouxenidis sociology in greece today papazisis athens  
the case for safe ram g copeland t keller r krishnamurthy m smith vldb 1989.0 
drug storage temperatures in rescue vehicles journal of emergency medicine wc dubois  2000.0 
high-performance generalized search trees m kornacker vldb sept    
presentation at educational computing conference h barrett san diego  
teaching about the former soviet union : activities and resources . g decoker social studies and the young learner 1993.0    
evaluating the central piers of the maracaibo bridge venezuela . struct . eng . int . ( iabse zurich switzerland ) international & hellip ; a sarcos g hildrun   
approximation algorithms for minimum cost embeddings of graphs in the plane hmd hansen   1989.0 
anti-epileptic drugs for preventing seizures following acute traumatic brain injury g schierhout i roberts cochrane database syst rev 2000.0    
a fluid-based model of time-limited tcp flows m barbera a lombardo g schembra 2004.0  computer networks  
performance evaluation and monitoring h lucas jr  acm computing surveys ( csur ) 1971.0 
optimizing existential datalog queries r ramakrishnan  proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ; 1988.0 
incremental evaluation of schema-directed xml publishing p bohannon b choi w fan & hellip ; of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 2004.0    
evaluation of the new emit enzyme immunoassay for the determination of whole-blood tacrolimus cj hesse cc baan ah balk hj metselaar w weimar transplant proc 2002.0 
c lustering d atabase o bjects for s emantic i ntegration of h eterogeneous d atabases h zhao s ram    
automatic generation of help from interface design models r moriyon   
the collisions of particles with hydrogen nuclei j chadwick es bieler  phil . mag  
reflecting on the ethics and values of our practice ra smith 1996.0  new directions for teaching and learning  
serverâ ?? s advantage j clyman pc magazine  
improving query optimization for disjunctive datalog c cumbo w faber g greco    
the role of learning support in the development and implementation of a key skills programme and an 1997.0 b hunter electronic library  
a concentric-circle model for community mining wj zhou jr wen wy ma hj zhang   
case study of electronic banking at meridian bancorp rj kauffman rd banker  information and software technology 1991.0 
stochastic optimal control and its connection with estimation r gessing   
a developmentally regulated microsomal protein specific for the pigment epithelium of the vertebrate cp hamel e tsilou e harris ba pfeffer jj hooks 1993.0  md  
iâ ?? . kelly and j. white . indexing multispectral images for content-based retrieval i barros j french w martin proceedings of the 23rd alâ ?? pr workshop on image and & hellip ;  
incorporating quality metrics in centralized & slash ; distributed information retrieval on the world x zhu s gauch  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir  
clean surfaces : their preparation and characterization for interfacial studies g goldfinger 1970.0    
the mediator for stringent control ppgpp binds to the beta-subunit of escherichia coli rna genes to cells d chatterji n fujita a ishihama  1998.0 
proximity matching using fixed-queries trees ra baeza-yates w cunto u manber s wu lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
providing dynamic security control in a federated database nb idris wa gray rf churchhouse 1994.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
sigmod 2003 demo proposal : relational on-line exchange with xml p bohannon xl dong s ganguly hf korth c li   
automatic detection and repair of errors in data structures b demsky m rinard    
the influence of carbon dioxide and oxygen as additives on soot formation in diffusion flames proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on & hellip ; dx du rl axelbaum ck law   
answering xml queries on heterogeneous data sources [ c ] proceedings of the vldb conference rome m ioana f daniela k donald   
research and practice in federated information systems : report of the efisâ ?? 2000 international sigmod record w hasselbring wj van den heuvel gj houben rd   
a logic programming approach to the integration repairing and querying of inconsistent databases lecture notes in computer science g greco s greco e zumpano  2001.0 
negation and affirmation in jacques prevert 's word games ah greet wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1966.0 
das projekt teleteaching der universitã $ ten mannheim und heidelberg . proc . learntec w effelsberg   
ya . i. isakov vp kalinin and n. ya . usachev kinetika i kataliz km minachev   
antibiotics for prolonged moist cough in children cochrane database syst rev 2005.0 jm marchant p morris j gaffney ab chang   
variance based classifier comparison in text catergorization ( poster session ) proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 a takasu k aihara   
the development of civics values : an overview international journal of educational research jj cogan p morrisâ ? ¦  2001.0 
inside mapi i de la cruz microsoft programming series 1996.0 
demonstration of human papillomavirus dna in two keratoacanthomas h pfister a gassenmaier pg fuchs 1986.0  archives of dermatological research  
a historical archaeology of the modern world 1996  1996.0 
anda . pfeffer . generalizedsearchtreesfordatabasesystems jm hellerstein jf naughton proc . 21st int . conf . very large data bases  
microsoft meltdown uk presentation : â ?? directx shader managementâ ?? c peeper microsoft corporation    
lateral vibration on a pedestrian cable-stayed bridge and its suppression by tuned liquid dampers . s nakamura y fujino  struct . eng . int . ( iabse zurich switzerland )  
occam : an asynchronous hardware description language?â ?? g theodoropoulos   
suitability of data models as canonical models for federated dbs f saltor m castellanos acm sigmod record    
processing queries over rdf views of wrapped relational databases j petrini t risch   
biodegradation of polyglycolic acid in bone tissue : an experimental study on rabbits archives of orthopaedic and trauma surgery 1986.0 s vainionpã $ ã $   
the primacy of values and ideologies in human services evaluation 1981.0 w wolfensberger new directions for program evaluation  
shen . lower-bound time-complexity analysis of logic programs fba king  proc . int . symp . ilps  
flotation of fine coke particles from fly ash m niewiadomski j hupka r bokotko jd miller   
s. lang ks moere av staadt o. : blue-c : a spatially immersive display and 3d video portal for m gross s wuermlin m naef e lamboray c spagno proceedings of acm    
the lowering of fracture-stress due to surface adsorption phil . mag nj petch   
late unstable wares plague is projects w brandel computerworld  
the moral philosopher looks at values education . new directions for higher education 1980.0 wa banner   
da higgins and pf barbara dav bout j kerimo acc . chem . res  
go green : recycle and reuse frequent patterns g cong bc ooi kl tan akh tung data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
brain enzyme histochemistry following stabilization by microwave irradiation e marani p bolhuis me boon the histochemical journal 1988.0    
bank of america case study : the information currency advantage vldb 1998.0 f carino m jahnke   
m-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metric spaces p ciaccia vldb 1997.0 
the dynamical theory of electron diffraction and its application to some surface problems jm harding phil . mag    
robbers marshals and guards : game theoretic and logical characterizations of hypertree width g gottlob n leone f scarcello    
incorporating xsl processing into database engines g moerkotte    
on the performance of object clustering techniques mm tsangaris jf naughton   
velocimetry in gas flows using pulsed laser induced photothermal effects ( abstract only ) jp vattulainen r hernberg oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0    
syncope as an emergency department presentation of pulmonary embolism-current evaluation and journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 tr wolfe tl allen   
surgical glove lubricants : from toxicity to opportunity ja woods rf morgan fh watkins rf edlich journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
an efficient algorithm for heap storage allocation cb weinstock wa wulf  acm sigplan notices 1988.0 
constrained nearest neighbor queries h ferhatosmanoglu i stanoi d agrawal   
building xml application in rich detailed genealogical information 2003.0 j lu m scaramuzza information & software technology  
a spatially and temporally coherent visibility algorithm . technical memorandum tm-546 s coorg s teller   1996.0 
epidemiology and zoonotic aspects of microsporidia of mammals and birds p deplazes a mathis r weber  contributions to microbiology 2000.0 
building on rock rather than sand bt technology journal 2001.0 m hogg sm bouch mfg smeaton   
s. abiteboul . and h. garcia-hlolina . object fusion in mediator systems y papakonstantinou proceedings of the end internationul conference on l ã ¨ ry  
applications of the backpropagation algorithm to an information retrieval system proceedings of the riao â ?? 94 ( rechenche dâ ?? information & hellip ; r layaida a caron   
wheelbase filtering and automobile suspension tuning for minimizing motions in pitch proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 rs sharp   
preprocessing perceptrons and multivariate reference values 2003.0 p eklund l kallin westin   
best approximation in normed linear spaces by elements of linear subspaces 1970.0 i singer   
the exmoor storm and the lynmouth floods geography c kidson  1953.0 
automatic assignment of icd9 codes to discharge summaries ls larkey wb croft    
tree queries a simple class of queries acm trans . database syst n goodman o snmueli   
storage and retrieval of xml data using relational databases s chaudhuri k shim data engineering 2003 . proceedings . 19th international & hellip ; 2003.0 
le pas plus favorise-t-il l'emploi ? : rã © sultat de l'ajout de services aux incitatifs financiers du ideas.repec.org   
security of statistical databases : multidimensional transformation jan schlijrer u ulm w germany acm transactions on database systems 1981.0    
new office : more than you bargained for . ml marcus computerworld. 1983.0    
a reference architecture for integrating heterogeneous information sources using xml and agent model n arch-int    
skeen . d. . and cristian f. an efficient fault-tolerant protocol for replicated data management ae abbadi proceedings 4nd acm    
toil sweat and the city s pendse bombay : metaphor for modern india    
factors predicting the subjective well-being of nations e diener m diener c diener journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
comet kohoutek : ground and airborne high resolution tilting-filter ir photometry c barbieri cb cosmovici s dropatz kw michel t study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ;   1976.0 
optimizing queries across diverse data sources 23 rdintl conf . on very large databases ( vldb &#39; 97 ) l haas d kossmann el wimmers j yang   
improving . net application performance and scalability . 2004.0 jd meier   
manipulating interpolated data is easier than you thought vldb 2000.0 s grumbach p rigaux l segoufin   
water sample preparation for comprehensive health effects testing wc lauerâ ? ¦ 1988.0    
sliding-block codes for two-track magnetic recording channels proc . 28th annual conf . inform . sciences and systems & hellip ; e soljanin cn georghiades   
utilizing program execution flow statistics for deriving task migration decisions j gehring a reinefeld   
approximate similarity queries : a survey p ciaccia m patella   
panacea or snake oil ? g james 2004.0  electronic business  
dynamic soil test for rice proc . int . rice res . conf a dobermann kg cassman pcs cruz hu neue eo   
a dbms prototype to surt extended nf2-relations : an integrated view on at tables and hierarchies p dadam k kuspert f anderson h blanken r erbe proc . of acm/sigmod  
the montage extensible datablade architecture m ubell proc . sigmod intl. conf . on management of data 1994.0 
fast incremental indexing for full-text information retrieval ew brown jp callan wb croft  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
knowledge based oceanographic data analysis b lees n rees j aiken procs . expert systems    
the multimedia object presentation manager of minos : a symmetric approach f ho    
personal communication systems ( pcs ) vok li x qiu proceedings-ieee 1995.0 
the allergen proof chamber in the treatment of bronchial asthma and other respiratory diseases lancet i w storm van leeuwen w einthoven w kremer   
the porphyrin handbook p hambright   1990.0 
a robust optimization-based approach for approximate answering of aggregation queries s chaudhuri g das v narasayya proc .  
development of a mems microsystem to study the effect of mechanical tension on cerebral cortex g lin vi wu re hainley la flanagan es monuki    
amalgam : a machine-learned generation module m gamon e ringger s corston-oliver    
iron supplementation in pregnancy 2000.0 k mahomed cochrane database syst rev  
parallel distributed processing : explorationsin the microstructureof cognition volume i : de rumelhart ge hinton rj williams   
university of california santa cruz . de mchenry 1993.0  new directions for higher education  
metabolism of the anthroposphere p baccini ph brunner   1991.0 
the collected writings ( cw . ) of maynard keynes vols . i jm keynes   
implementation of multiwavelength information processing using optical wave mixing w wu 1996.0    
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource bt technology journal i dufour bt technology journal   2004.0 
assessing post-bankruptcy performance : an analysis of reorganized firms ' cash flows mj alderson bl betker   
g6ochimie de l'iode dans les principaux types de sols franais a saas extrait du procs verbal de la s6ance du  
vertical migration of radionuclides in the soil of the eastern ural wake and its effect on the va baturin  at .  
homeopathy for chronic asthma k linde ka jobst cochrane database syst rev 2000.0    
zooplankton vertical migration and the active transport of dissolved organic and inorganic carbon in dk steinberg ca carlson nr bates sa goldthwait    
theoretical modeling of orificed hollow cathode discharges proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion & hellip ; a salhi pj turchi   
magic : manual and gaze input cascaded 1999.0 s zhai c morimoto s ihde   
abruptio placentae : perinatal outcome in normotensive and hypertensive patients . m morgan k berkowitz s thomas 1995.0  journal of emergency medicine  
maintaining availability in partitioned replicated databases . acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 a el abbadi s toueg   
putting active learning into multimedia applications : dynamic definition and refinement of concept proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 m chen m christel a hauptmann h wactlar   
an unfinished symphony mp3 market waits in the wings while the recording industry whistles in the b roberts electronic business   2001.0 
transport analysis results of the ion bernstein wave experiment on the ftu tokamak r cesarioâ ? ¦  proc . 28th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;  
accountability and complexity of thought pe tetlock journal of personality and social psychology    
tricyclic drugs for depression in children and adolescents p hazell doâ ?? connell d heathcote d henry cochrane database syst rev 2002.0    
azathioprine for treating rheumatoid arthritis me suarez-almazor c spooner e belseck 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev  
proof planning with multiple strategies e melis a meier  lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
performance modellingâ ?? what why when and how p singleton bt technology journal 2002.0 
selection of storm water pollutant loading factors k cave t quarsebarth e harold rouge river national wet weather demonstration project & hellip ;    
r-trees : a dynamic index structurefor spatial searching proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of a guttman   
optimizing queries on compressed bitmaps s amer-yahia t johnson proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;   2000.0 
savage inequalities : children in americaâ ?? s schools j kozol   
scalable ranking for preference queries y feng d agrawal a el abbadi a singh proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
the chain-length dependence test . mt stone jm heemstra js moore acc chem res 2006.0    
2â ?? 4 1988 m illinois    
thioridazine for schizophrenia a sultana j reilly m fenton cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
iloprost and cisaprost for raynaudâ ?? s phenomenon in progressive systemic sclerosis cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 j pope d fenlon a thompson b shea d furst g   
the psr gene of enterococcus hirae atcc9790 is longer than previously reported submitted for o massidda o dardenne mb whalen w zorzi j   
time-varying sensitive regions in dynamic multimedia objects : a pragmatic approach to content-based v burrill t kirste j weiss information and software technology  
database connection and the internet j lam pc magazine    
hyperventilation therapy for acute traumatic brain injury g schierhout i roberts cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
generative teaching and learning of economic concepts : a sample lesson . social studies and the young learner jd laney  1990.0 
nonparametric statistics for the behavioral sciences s siegel   
generalized search trees for database systems jm hellerstein jf naughton a pfeffer vldb 1995.0 
detecting changes on unordered xml documents using relational databases : a schema-conscious approach e leonardi ss bhowmick proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
nonparametric statistics for the behavioural sciences s siegel new york  
a case study : linking students across geographical and cultural distances sj romanoff new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
modelling of short term electricity prices hydro inflow and water values in the norwegian hydro l dueholm hf ravn    
dimensions : why do we need a new data handling architecture for sensor networks ? d ganesan d estrin    
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource machine learning archive d fisher machine  
programmable secure coprocessorâ ?? sean smith and steve weingart computer networks ba high-performance   
preparation and characterization of redox active molecular assemblies on microelectrode arrays cd frisbie i fritsch-faules ew wollman ms 1992.0    
mitschang . b. sikeler a. : prima-a dbms prototype supporting engineering applications t harder k meyer-wegener proc . 13th vldb conf. brighton uk    
bottom up evaluation of disjunctive deductive databases j fernandez j minker  submitted for  
inference of monotonicity constraints in datalog programs aby sagiv  proc . acm sigact-sigart-sigmod symp . on principles of & hellip ;  
managerial ownership debt policy and the impact of institutional holdings : an agency perspective ct bathala kp moon rp rao    
nonparametric statistics for the behavioral sciences : mcgraw-hill s siegel nj castellan new york  
expanding possibilitiesâ ?? from wireless web access to voice recording to convergence with cell b brown m brown pc magazine  
studies on storage stability of irradiated white pomfret ( stromateus cinereus ) sv kamat 1970.0    
collaborative learning environments in asynchronous learning networks : building learning communities unpublished manuscript sr hiltz   
database trunsaction models for advanced applications . morgan kaufmann san mateo calif. i y92 . il a elmagarmid proc . acm sigmod . acm press . new york  
automatic discovery of language models for text documents j callan m connell a du  acm sigmod conference  
effect of sample inhomogeneity on radiation-induced size changes in graphite at . energ va nikolaenko vn kuznetsov pa platonov ok   
computation based on a share of a patientâ ?? s national cost p person  at  
on the convergence of temporal-difference learning with linear function approximation v tadiä ? machine learning 2001.0 
motorola move communications towards the miniature fuel cell electronic eng r neale   
probabilistic temporal databases part i : algebra a dekhtyar r ross vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems  
the birds of washington . volume ii wl dawson jh bowles 1909.0    
first-class views : a key to user-centered computing acm sigmod record 1999.0 a rosenthal e sciore   
shrex : managing xml documents in relational databases 2004.0 f du s amer-yahia j freire proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
database replication using epidemic update 2000.0 j holliday d agrawal ae abbadi   
predicting college success : the importance of ability and non-cognitive variables 2001.0 s ransdell international journal of educational research  
anew sql-like operator formining association rules r meo g psaila s ceri   
the state role . pm callan rw jonsen 1976.0  new directions for higher education  
ps/2 â ?? peter norton y richard wilton pc el ibm microsoft  
historical earthquakes in europe j kozã ¡ k mc thompson   1991.0 
integrated parallel prefetching and caching proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ; 1996.0 t kimbrel p cao ew felten ar karlin k li   
experimental studies of deposition by debris flows : process characteristics of deposits and jj major seattle washington  
videoq : an automated content-based video search system using visual cues proc of acm c sh-fâ ? ¦   
teaching colonial american history : a conceptual interdisciplinary approach . me james  social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
improving the java memory model using crf jw maessen x shen   
hardware accelerated rendering of csg and transparency mkk gouldâ ? ¦  proc . of acm siggraph  
plan-per-tuple optimization solution-parallel execution of expensive user-defined functions f carifio woâ ?? connell   
targeting chemosensitizing doses of toremifene based on protein binding gt wurz vd emshoff mw degregorio vj wiebe cancer chemotherapy and pharmacology 1993.0 
the perfect swarm p panepento computerworld    
the cost of ems . computer networks rr panko   
content-based music audio recommendation proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; p cano m koppenberger n wack  2005.0 
temporal probabilistic databases i : algebra a dekhtyar r ross vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems    
demonstration of integrated cmos acceleration sensors and real-time processing software with h junker p lukowicz a caracas ks kunze p description of live demonstration at 1st european symposium & hellip ;  
requirements 10 rotatetext sample program 1150â ?? 1154 rows ce windows    
the peter norton pc programmer 's bible p norton pg aitken r wilton microsoft    
drosophila dsmad2 and atr-i transmit activin/tgf signals genes to cells p das h inoue jc baker h beppu m kawabata rm  1999.0 
historical vegetation change in the owens river riparian woodland ts brothers   
a fortran extension for engmeering/scientific computation with access to acrith mfsc metzger demonstration of the compiler and sample programs . in  
real-time behaviour of asynchronous agents proceedings of concur y wang   
adaptive clutter suppression for airborne phased array radars r klemm iee proceedings 1983.0 
advanced quasi-optical mode converter for a step-tunable 118-162 ghz 1 mw gyrotron proc . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter m thumm g michel a mobius d wagner   
the netherlands . a. vollhardt entwurf und bau einer frontend-steuerung fã 1/4 r das cip-upgrade projekt p semiconductors  diploma thesis ( 2001 ) university of zurich switzerland  
the representation theory of the symmetric groups 1978.0 gd james   
surface compression with geometric bandelets g peyre s mallat ep cmap proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 
classification in information storage and retrieval 1966.0 o taulbee jt welch jr   
the motor cortex of the cat . . af borge  1950.0 
understanding the social process of rural-urban migration in bangladesh r kuhn  unpublished manuscript  
the dynamics of the ceo-board relationship : an evolutionary perspective w shen academy of management review 2003.0    
more on tractable disjunctive datalog journal of logic programming r ben-eliyahu-zohary l palopoli v zemlyanker   
automatic recording apparatus for use in the chromatography of amino acids . s moore dh spackman wh stein fed proc 1958.0    
query processing over object views of relational data g fahl t risch the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
nonparametric statistics for the behavior sciences s siegel nj castellan  new york  
an outbreak of carbon monoxide poisoning after a major ice storm in maine1 wr daley a smith e paz-argandona j malilay m journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
sealed storage of bag stacks : status of the technology aciar proceedings no. 25 . fumigation and controlled & hellip ; pc annis   
calibration of microprocessor performance models 1998.0 b black jp shen ieee computer  
imputation of missing values in dna microarrays t hastie o alter g sherlock m eisen r  technical report . stanford : stanford  
linear approximation of planar spatial databases using transitive-closure logic f geerts b kuijpers    
routing and peering in a competitive internet unpublished manuscript r johari jn tsitsiklis  2004.0 
mining web logs for predictions models in wwe caching and prefetching q yang h zhang ity li proc . of acm sigkddâ ?? 2001    
wa gray and rf churchhouse . ( 1994 ) providing dynamic security control in a federated database proc . 1994 intl. conf . on very large databases nb idris   
discovery of influence sets in frequently updated databases proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; i stanoi m riedewald d agrawal a el abbadi  2001.0 
full text full text available on the publisher site publisher sitesource bt technology journal p smyth bt technology journal 2003.0 
the far-infrared helium laser r turner ra murphy & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0    
multi-agent dependence by dependence graphs procs . of r conte j sichman   
memantine prevents progressive functional neurodegeneration in rats journal of neural transmission supplementum c heim kh sontag  1995.0 
magnetic recording system design to reduce medium noise through signal precompensation '' ja oâ ?? sullivan d agrawal dg porter rs indeck   
usability evaluation of the city university of new york cuny + database electronic library a oulanov  2001.0 
query processing in distributed mediated systems s adali ks candan y papakonstantinou vs  proc . 1996 acm sigmod conf. montreal canada june  
late versus early surgical correction for congenital diaphragmatic hernia in newborn infants ( v moyer f moya r tibboel p losty m nagaya kp  cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
leprosy : a concise text kk koticha 1990.0    
practitioner problems in need of database research sigmod record 1991.0 g thomas   
tractable query languages for complex object databases s grumbach    
incorporating planar resistors in pcb designs rm signer  electronic manufacturing  
incorporating roads and footpaths in watershed-scale hydrologic and soil erosion models physical geography cp harden   
barriers to the advance of organizational science : paradigm development as a dependent variable j pfeffer  the academy of management review 1993.0 
designing dbms support for the temporal dimension v lure r dadam r erbe j guenauer p pistor g acm sigmod international conference on the management of    
united states of america v dcc opinion   2001.0 
jointly adaptive high-data-rate burst admission control for wideband cdma system vkn lau yk kwok submitted for  
integratingcontentsandstructuresintextretrieval sigmod record r baeza-yates g navarro   
the vertex-primitive 1 2-transitive graphs with the smallest orders sf du   
real-time scheduling for multimedia streams over resource-constrained networks hm sun cm chen lc shu    
a stochastic parts of speech and noun phrase parser for unrestricted text k church  procs . 2nd anlp austin  
patient noncompliance : a major cause of late graft failure in cyclosporine-treated renal transplants transplant rh didlake k dreyfus rh kerman ct van buren bd   
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searching . 1984 a guttman prog acm sigmod international conference on management of    
safra . asub-constant error-probabilitylow-degreetest andsub-constant error-probability pcp proc . of the 29th acm stoc r razands   
basic optimal approximation of csiszarâ ?? s f-divergence ga anastassiou   2004.0 
minimizing expected energy in real-time embedded systems r xu d mossã © r melhem 2005.0  proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;  
on the electron microscopy of fission fragment damage lt chadderton dv morgan im torrens v van phil mag 1966.0 
bcontinuous nearest neighbor search ^ in proc y tao d papadias q shen intl. conf . on very large data bases ( vldb ) 287y298    
to verify multipliers jr burch bdd using proc . of 28th da conference    
doodle proceedings of the 1992 sigmod if cruz   
swami ( poster session ) : a framework for collaborative filtering algorithm development and evaluation proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 d fisher k hildrum j hong m newman m thomas r   
incorporating developmental factors into models of accommodation and vergence pm riddell ja bullinaria submitted for publication 1999.0    
nidovirales : a new order comprising coronaviridae and artetiviridae d cavanagh archives of virology 1997.0    
corticosteroids for acute severe asthma in hospitalised patients r manser d reid m abramson cochrane database syst rev 2000.0    
reinforcement learning control of unknown dynamic systems qh wu ac pugh  & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1993.0 
ironic processes in the mental control of mood and mood-related thought dm wegner r erber s zanakos journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
the power of sampling in knowledge discovery j kivinen h mannila    
using run-time predictions to estimate queue wait times and improve scheduler performance lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 w smith v taylor i foster   
optimizing relational queries in connection hypergraphs : nested queries views and binding jl han 1998.0  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;  
some visual displays of two-by-two data : predicting later violent behavior new directions for program evaluation jh derzon  1997.0 
the current state of project management research : trends interpretations and predictions project management journal 2002.0 tj kloppenborg wa opfer   
interactive retrieval of 3d shape models using physical objects h ichida y itoh y kitamura f kishino proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0    
maya-lenca ethnic relations in late classic period copan honduras ai gerstle 1988.0    
global optimization of histograms hv jagadish h jin bc ooi kl tan    
the '' end of geography '' in financial services ? local embeddedness and territorialization in the p agnes economic geography  
s. lin . automaticsynthesisofasynchronous circuits proc . of 28th dac kj linandc   
efficient simulation of system level models via bisimulation preserving transformations s sharad sk shukla submitted for    
calcium antagonists for aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage gj rinkel vl feigin a algra m vermeulen j van 2002.0  cochrane database syst rev  
hyperbaric oxygen for carbon monoxide poisoning dn juurlink mb stanbrook ma mcguigan  cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the last question on recursively enumerable many-one degrees algebra i logika a nies   
the moderatorâ ?? mediator variable distinctioninsocialpsychologicalresearch : conceptual strategic journal of personality and social psychology 1986.0 rm baron da kenny   
motivating faculty to improve the quality of teaching . a lucas new directions for teaching and learning ( 37 )   1989.0 
an outline of a general model for information retrieval jy nie  proceedings of acm sigir  
existential interpretation ys gurevich algebra i logika  
tommaso toffoli and norman h. margolus . invertible cellular automata : a review t und margolus 1990.0    
power minimization using simultaneous gate sizing dual-vdd and dual-vth assignment a srivastava d sylvester d blaauw   
the clinical care and documentation for victims of drug-facilitated sexual assault journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 le ledray   
magnetic recording system design to reduce medium noise through signal precompensation aos joseph d agrawal dg porter rs indeck mw proc . 28th    
a possible terminological logic for modelling information retrieval f sebastiani proceedings of acm sigir 94 conferenceâ ?? dublin    
standing committee p accounts    
hyperview authoringdisplay software designed for educational instruction by paul beam and p beam demonstration versions are available by inquiry to pdbeam @    
automatic presentation of multimedia documents using relational grammars l weitzman k wittenburg   
roxels : responsibility weighted 3d volume reconstruction js de bonet p viola    
extensible content protection proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 f pestoni c drews   
content-based retrieval of music and audio j foote proc . spie   1997.0 
dyndex : a dynamic and non-metric space indexer ks goh b li ey chang    
the mechanical response of single crystal hgi2 tw james ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1980.0    
xenopus embryonic poly ( a ) binding protein 2 ( epabp2 ) defines a new family of cytoplasmic poly ( a ) pj good l abler d herring md sheets   
the ninth text retrieval conference ( trec-9 ) gaithersburg em voorhees dk harman md  
a fast general-purpose hardware synchronisation mechanism jt robinson    
release 9.5 du manual  ise integrated systems engineering ag zurich switzerland  
replicated declustering of spatial data h ferhatosmanoç § lu aå ? tosun a ramachandran & hellip ; of the twenty-third acm sigmod-sigact-sigart symposium on & hellip ; 2004.0 
intergenerational conflicts in species of birds with precocial offspring r pierotti  proc . int . ornithol . congr  
a sound and complete query evaluation algorithm for relational databases with disjunctive ly yuan da chiang proc . eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . principles of & hellip ; 1989.0    
multimethod communication for high-performance metacomputing i foster j geisler s tuecke c kesselman proceedings of acm/ieee    
disclosure from statistical databases : quantitative aspects of trackers 1980.0 jan schlijrer u ulm w germany acm transactions on database systems  
object fusion in mediator systems ( extended version ) y papakonstantinou h garcia-molina   
efficient relational storage and retrieval of xml documents a schmidt ml kersten m windhouwer f waas webdb ( informal proceedings ) 2000.0 
a surrogate concept for engineering databases a meier ra lorie vldb 1983.0 
improved steiner tree approximation in graphs g robins a zelikovsky   
expansion of concrete through reaction between cement and aggregate proc . asce te stanton   
modeling design versions r ramakrishnan dj ram  proceedings of the 22th international conference on very & hellip ; 1996.0 
modeling of imaging systems in matlab s vitek j hozman    
aggregate instability in the fixed-cost approach to public spending pa pintus 2003.0    
