on a stochastic optimization algorithm using ipa which updates after every customer ekp chong pj ramadge proc . 28th allerton conf . on communication control and & hellip ;  
virtual reality : through the new looking glass k pimentel k teixeira  1993.0 
understandittg activex and ole d chappell   
stevens ce harley ej zang ea oleszko wr william dc et al w szmuness hepatitis b vaccine : demonstration of efficacy in a & hellip ;  
on the design of a distributed query processing algorithm ct yu c chang m templeton d brill e lund proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on  
transputer implementation of kalman filters lp maguire gw irwin   
genera crustaceorum et insectorum pa latreille tomus i  
report on the 18th british national conference on databases ( bncod ) c goble b read sigmod record 2002.0 
the highly conserved dad1 protein involved in apoptosis is required for n-linked glycosylation t makishima t nakashima k nagata-kuno k genes to cells 1997.0 
the transmembrane domain of the large subunit of hsv-2 ribonucleotide reductase ( icp10 ) is required cc smith jh luo jcr hunter jv ordonez virology-new york - 1994.0 
the situational factors affecting teaching . ld fink new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
experimental study of propulsive efficiency of pulsed detonation r zitoun v gamezo c guerroud d desbordes proc . of the 21st int . symp . on shock waves great keppel  
building temporal structures in a layered multimedia data model ga schloss mj wynblatt proc . second acm international conference on  
ole automation programmerâ ?? s reference d clark  1996.0 
the multiple ergodicity of non-discrete subgroups of diff ï ? ( s 1 ) 2001 jc rebelo rr silva   
aries/im : an efficient and high concurrency index management method using write-ahead logging c mohan proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
customer data faces rough road to factory c stedman computerworld  
slab : a software-based real-time virtual acoustic environment rendering system . jd miller   
information management for gaze control in vision guided biped walking jf seara   
smart mater . struct x wang ddl chung at  
architecture / / advances in databases and information systems third east european conference adbis ' lb sokolinsky proceedings of short papers.-maribor : institute of & hellip ;  
in situ respiration of benthic communities in castle harbor bermuda kl smith ka burns jm teal marine biology 1972.0 
emi prediction in system level simulation rf milson pa jamieson kj scott 11th int zurich emc symposium zurich switzerland  
i want my aop r laddad   
read-only transactions in a distributed database h garcia-molina g wiederhold acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
the n-tier hub technology ra sommer tr gulledge d bailey sigmod record 2002.0 
utility-based termination of anytime agents t sandholm v lesser cs technical report 9454 univ. of massachusetts  
before they called it psychopharmacology he lehmann neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
timing trigger and control distribution for lhc detectors . bg taylor procs 1st workshop on electronics for lhc experiments cern /  
semantics of recursive relationships in entity-relationship model hk lee information and software technology 1999.0 
the hyperaccessibility of suppressed thoughts dm wegner r erber journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
population bottlenecks and nonequilibrium models in population genetics t maruyama pa fuerst i. allele  
interoperating geographic information systems mf goodchildâ ? ¦  1999.0 
origin and evolution of auchenorrhyncha ( homoptera ) based upon fossil evidence de shcherbakov proc . 28th int . congr . entomol  
simplified mass production process for 16 efficiency multi-crystalline silicon solar cells s arimoto m nakatani y nishimoto h morikawa m proc . 28th ieee pvsc anchorage  
top 20 montana m links ny times sc statutesâ ? ¦   
mineral paragenetic sequence of the lead-zinc-copper-cobalt-nickel ores of the southeast missouri rd hagni & hellip ; paragenesis : athens greece theophrastus publications sa  
a vision driven automatic assembly unit : robust bin picking g bachler m berger r rohrer s scherer a pinz   
compiled by salley oberlin and joyce cox c yearbook  1989.0 
bluetooth-based sensor networks p bonnet a beaufour mb dydensborg m leopold acm sigmod record 2003.0 
the usenet cookbook - an experiment in electronic publishing bk reid   
contemporary american fiction : harvey swados and leslie fiedler h feinstein wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
access network life-cycle costs pi bell jp trigger bt technology journal 1998.0 
ig v gene mutation status and cd38 expression as novel prognostic indicators in chronic lymphocytic rn damle t wasil f fais f ghiotto a valetto blood-new york - 1999.0 
coordination in software agent systems hs nwana l lee nr jennings bt technology journal 1996.0 
geometrische beweise mit dem pc a engel proceedings of derive days d usseldorf  
assessing prepulse inhibition of startle in wild-type and knockout mice ma geyer psychopharmacology 1999.0 
inside ole . microsoft programming series k brockschmidt microsoft  
the importance of credit information and credit scoring for small business lending decisions a jennings proceedings from the global conference on credit scoring 2001.0 
success acts for managers wm williams rj sternberg unpublished manuscript  
patterns of solar proton events over four solar cycles ma shea df smart proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf 1999.0 
a 28 ghz gyrotron with a permanent magnet system for industry applications h asano k kikunaga k hemmi f sato t tsukamoto proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves & hellip ;  
surface reconstruction from unorganized point clouds h hoppe t derose t duchamp j mcdonald w proc . of acm siggraph  
device : compiling production rules into event-driven rules using complex events n bassiliades i vlahavas   
inside ole ( version 2 ) b kraig  1995.0 
recent experiences with data mining in aviation safety ( 1998 ) e harris jr e bloedorn nj rothleder sigmod98 dmkd workshop  
telephone line characteristic adaptation using vectorfield smoothingtechnique j takahashi s sagayama proc . int . conf . on  
port phillip and westernport regional catchment strategy p phillip  1997.0 
a next step : discussion to consider unifying the ers and joint committee standards dl stufflebeam new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
reducing the branch penalty in pipelined processors dj lilja   
the context interchange mediator prototype s madnick t pena j qu a shum m siegel acm sigmod international conference on management of data  
a place called school : prospects for the future j goodlad  1984.0 
mu-mesonic atoms and the electromagnetic radius of the nucleus ln cooper em henley   
version modeling concepts for computer-aided design databases acm sigmod int rh katz e chang r bhateja conf . on data management  
technology evaluation and the visibility of teaching and learning rj bass new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
spatial data integrity constraints in object oriented geographic data modeling ahf laender proc . of acm-gis  
construction and design of beta-sheets ck smith l regan acc . chem . res 1997.0 
web service composition with o'grape and osiris r weber c schuler p neukomm h schuldt hj schek proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
analysis of bioswale efficiency for treating surface runoff ww groves   
exploiting hierarchical terrestrial-satellite architectures to handle voice symmetric data and a iera a molinaro g araniti computer networks 2002.0 
therapeutic rationale of plants used to treat dental infections m elvin-lewis see etkin  
the many facets of transformative learning theory and practice v grabove new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
electronic business systems w lamersdorf a bartelt d fahrenholtz mt tu computer networks 2001.0 
the arena system of the black grouse ( lyrurus tetrix tetrix ( l. ) ) jp kruijt gj de vos i bossema proc int ornithol congr  
exploiting medium access diversity in rate adaptive wireless lans z ji y yang j zhou m takai r bagrodia proceedings of acm mobicom 2004.0 
take a walk grow a tree sb bc jy cat proc . 29th annual ieee symposium on foundations of computer & hellip ;  
recruitment and retention of women graduate students in computer science and engineering : results of j cuny w aspray   
rantes antagonist ( met-rantes ) controls acute t. cruzi-elicited myocarditis a marino mm teixeira lmo pinto j lannes-vieira   
plant ecological variation and pattern in the lower omo basin cj cart see ref  
local rules modeling of nucleation-limited virus capsid assembly r schwartz pe prevelige jr b berger   
electronic ballast improves efficiency r verderber electronic consultant  
shmueli 0 . ( 1992 ) composite evlent specification in active databases : model and implementation n gehani h jagadish & hellip ; of the 18th vldb conference vancouver british columbia  
towards a semantic view of an extended entity-relationship model u hohenstein m gogolla acm transactions on database systems  
new materials and methods for permanent teaching displays . cc gilson j audiov media med 1978.0 
assessing general education : trenton state college . w curry e hager new directions for higher education 1987.0 
precipitation in aluminum-copper alloys containing germanium additions ge thompson b noble phil . mag. 1973.0 
compiler test suite : evaluation and use in an automated test environment a boujarwah k saleh information and software technology 1994.0 
algorithms implementing distributed shared memory university of toronto m stum s zhou ieee computer  
smart cards are n't always the smart choice d chadwick   
cognitive requirements on making and interpreting maps t barkowsky c freksa lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
chen p. p '' the entity-relationship model-toward a unified view of data pp chen acm transactions on database systems  
report on the 24th european colloquium on information retrieval research ( ecir 2002 ) f crestani m girolami k van rijsbergen   
using quality circles to evaluate the efficacy of primary health care l schillemans ld grande r remmen new directions for program evaluation 1989.0 
purchasing power parity unit roots and dynamic structure je pippenger d steigerwald   
exclusion for composite objects j noble d holmes j potter   
elementary studies of active flap control with smart material actuators t hongu m sato e yamakawa european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
laboratory methods used for the third national health and nutrition examination survey ( nhanes 1999 + ew gunter bl lewis sm koncikowski md  
flower essence society 1996 r katz   
leveraging the educational impact of the ili dollar l vanasupa procs . of the asee annual conference washington dc  
substantial intelpost expansion predicted p hirsch computerworld 1980.0 
use of lower minimum size limits to reduce discards in the bristol bay red king crab ( paralithodes je reeves noaa tech . memo . nmfs-afscâ ?? 20 . seattle washington  
algorithmic aspects of multiversion concurrency control t hadzilacos ch papadimitriou proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
model and implementationâ ?? a databases proceedings of the 18th  
knowledge management : know what you know k gile pc magazine  
how to communicate effectively with your legislator : interviews with legislators and staffers . r white journal of emergency nursing 1992.0 
customer relationship management on the web sl robertswitt pc magazine  
physical model study on two-phase cascade flow . rm boes   
ta supervision j sprague jd nyquist new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
modelling and design of multi-agent systems d kinny m georgeff lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
whoâ ?? s afraid of ownership types d clarke j noble j potter   
typing chinese japanese and korean jd becker ieee computer  
postpubertal emergence of hyperresponsiveness to stress and to amphetamine after neonatal bk lipska ge jaskiw dr weinberger neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
end of is budgets as we know them ml sullivan-trainor computerworld  
the development of jovial ji schwartz history of programming languages 1978.0 
king county surface water management division kcswd manual seattle washington  
information ownership access and control : strategies for reengineering information systems in a seidmann a sundararajan   
effect of î ³ radiation on crystalline materials irradiated in a reactor va nikolaenko vi karpukhin vg gordeev at .  
end-to-end performance and fairness in multihop wireless backhaul networks v gambiroza b sadeghi ew knightly   
some theorems concerning slowly varying functions j karamata university of  
the repeatability problem in parapsychology eh walker procs . of an international conference held in san antonio & hellip ;  
a temporal framework for database specifications jmv castilho ma casanova al furtado vldb  
influence of air velocity and heat acclimation on human skin wettedness and sweating efficiency v candas jp libert jj vogt   
risperidone versus other atypical antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia sm gilbody am bagnall l duggan a tuunainen cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
changes challenges and the future pa lawler kp king new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
digital b-trees db lomet vldb  
granite lodge no . ontario : grantham ja : so grange   
geographic structure of genetic variation of populations of genus albinaria in the region of the a ayoutanti  1994.0 
lllustra 's web datablade module j gaffney sigmod record 1996.0 
rhinocerebral mucormycosis : a case of a rare but deadly disease-therapy with amphotericin b lipid rg hendrickson j olshaker o duckett journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
cycles of learning in the centipede game g ponti   
a dynamic efficiency model using data envelopment analysis j sengupta   
hypergeometric functions ig macdonald unpublished  
conservative and consistent implementation and systematic comparison of sou and quick scheme for a sharma v eswaran proc . 2nd int . and 29th natl. fmfp  
should evaluation become implementation ? a browne a wildavsky new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
privacy and security of data communications and data bases dk hsiao ds kerr se madnick vldb surveys 1978.0 
'' lc ladder used as broadband prototype for distributed components js seeley submitted for  
induced vertical mixing in a stratified impoundment by a subsurface warm-water discharge . k henkel  1973.0 
heavily doped semiconductors f vi  1969.0 
a connectionist approach to continuous speech recognition jp martens procs forwiss/crim esprit  
customer relationship management k bannon pc magazine  
an introduction to differential flatness of mechanical systems r murray m rathinam m van nieuwstadt proceedings of ecole dâ ?? et ! ee th ! eeorie et practique des & hellip ;  
azimuthal surface modes of magnetoactive plasma waveguides va girka ia girka an kondratenko vi tkachenko radiotekhnika i elektronika 1988.0 
i 'm blogging this '' : a closer look at why people blog ba nardi dj schiano m gumbrecht l swartz   
modulation of hemolytic properties of resorcinolic lipids by divalent cations m stasiuk a kozubek cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
electricity deregulation : the norwegian-swedish way e amundsen l bergman & hellip ; 24th annual international conference of the international & hellip ;  
gene expression data analysis eb analysis r sites   
the efficacy and comfort of full-body vacuum splints for cervical-spine immobilization rs hamilton pt ponsâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
customer relationship management r robinson   
vizier online data catalog d monetâ ? ¦   
advances in databases and information systems : second east european symposium adbis ' 98 poznan t morzy  1998.0 
d. bailay ( 2002 ) â ?? the n-tier hub technologyâ ?? r sommer t gulledge acm sigmod  
calcium localization in the shell-forming tissue of the freshwater snail biomphalaria glabrata : a u bielefeld k zierold kh kã ¶ rtje w becker the histochemical journal 1992.0 
european civil/construction engineering management ( ecem/ecm ) as an example for integrated european c ahrens paris ( francia ) : procs . int . conf . sefi  
searching a fixed graph e koutsoupias ch papadimitriou m yannakakis proceedings of the 23rd international colloquium on automata & hellip ; 1996.0 
thinking objectively : oo distributed programming is not distributed oo programming r guerraoui me fayad communications-acm 1999.0 
business models for electronic markets p timmers   
urinary retention resulting from incarceration of a retroverted gravid uterus jn love jm howell journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
light-shade adaptation : two strategies in marine phytoplankton . p1 . physiol. baltimore pg falkowski tg owens md  
demonstration eines selbstlerntrainings fã 1/4 r computer-experten zur verbesserung der experten-laien - c winter t block r bromme r jucks r rambow software-demonstration auf dem  
the many facets of transformative learning theory and practice.â ? in transformative learning in v grabov new directions for adult and continuing education  
the care of psychiatric patients in the emergency department jl curry journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
the scientific data that led to the discovery of the mineral wealth of siberia and mongolia : dn ivanov ma romanova athens greece  
corticosteroid therapy for nephrotic syndrome in children em hodson jf knight ns willis jc craig cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
scale and detail in the cognition of geographic information dr montello rg golledge & hellip ; of california santa barbara santa barbara california . & hellip ;  
high frequency data do improve volatility and risk estimation f corsi m dacorogna u muller g zumbach olsen & associated discussion paper zurich switzerland  
on the correctness of representing extended entity-relationship structures in the relational model vm markowitz a shoshani   
the context interchange network prototype am daruwala   
superimposition : a component adaptation technique g wang lm hallberg e saphier ew englander j information and software technology 1999.0 
good teaching : one size fits all ? dd pratt new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
object-oriented geographic information system shell s roberts information and software technology 1993.0 
three essays on asymmetric information and financial contracting ph. d. dissertation r moore university of wisconsin  
splus reference manual statistical sciences ra becker jm chambers ar wilks inc seattle washington  
context interchange mediator prototype c brannon s bressan ch goh k fynn m jakobisiak sigmod rec 1997.0 
e2e umts network simulator for quality of service predictions and network planning optimization r rueda m gasparroni i rivas t kirvar proceedings of xii jornadas telecom i +  
splitting the difference : exploring the middle ground in user interface design s douglas e doerry d novick proceedings of the 24th annual hawaii international & hellip ;  
beetlemania j king computerworld  
adept : an agent-based approach to business process management poâ ?? brien m wiegand bt technology journal  
sorts in unification-based grammar and what they mean cj pollard unpublished manuscript  
hot isostatic pressing -- a new tool in materials processing vs arunachalam powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ; 1980.0 
picture-driven animation rm baecker proc . afips  
iau circ . 7568 3 2001 . covault c. et al hg boerstâ ? ¦ these proceedings . heck d. et . al.  
improved methods for worst-case analysis and optimization incorporating tolerances he graeb cu wieser kj antreich proc . ieee/acm design automation conference  
furtado â ?? a temporal framework for database specificationsâ ?? pmt . of the 8th int jm castiiho ma casanova conf . on vldb mexico city  
the effects of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder on the social skills of school-age children em strickland  2002.0 
on the design of a distributed query processing strategy c yu c chang m templeton d brill e lund proc . of the acm sigmod conf. may  
automatic generation of application-specific architectures for heterogeneous multiprocessor system - d lyonnard s yoo a baghdadi a jerraya proceedings acm  
on the phylogeny of antarctic and south american serolidae ( crustacea isopoda ) : molecules and c held jw wã $ gele zoology suppl . i  
new technology for reducing operational costs jp trigger af cameron bt technology journal 1998.0 
household economics and political integration : the lower class of the chimu empire jd moore  1985.0 
adaptive data broadcasting in hybrid networks k stathatos n roussopoulos j baras 23rd vws conf. athens greece aug  
kinetics of gas hydrates formation and tests of efficiency of kinetic inhibitors : experimental and jp monfort l jussaume t el hafaia jp canselier annals-new york academy of sciences 2000.0 
explanation of a projection by balance of errors for maps applying to a very large extent of the g airy phil . mag  
devices for interactive computer music and computer graphics performances l tarabella m magrini g scapellato   
random duplicated assignment : an alternative to striping in video servers jhm korst   
trust and adaptation in relational contracting fl jeffries r reed academy of management review 2000.0 
lichtman . et neubelt lf mollenauer mj and harvey gt : â ?? demonstration using sliding-frequency & hellip ;  
artical shes : physics locomotion perception behavior x tu d terzopoulos proc . acm siggraph  
nh mcc lamroch and m. reyhanoglu â ?? controllability and stabilizability properties of a nonholonomic am bloch proc . 29th ieee  
shortcomings of research on evaluating and improving teaching in higher education r menges new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
an end-to-end communication architecture for collaborative virtual environments s shirmohammadi nd georganas computer networks 2001.0 
cholinesterase inhibitors for dementia with lewy bodies r wild t pettit a burns cochrane database syst . rev 2003.0 
differentiabilite optimale et contre-exemples a la fermeture en topologie c inf des orbites mr herman s. i  
integration of geographic information systems and simulation model for watershed management c he environmental modelling & software 2003.0 
life cycles and population fluctuations of aphids on citrus s komazaki proc . int . soc . citric  
electronic service markets m merz   
analyzing your options j seymour pc magazine september  
it 's global itinerary : offshore outsourcing is inevitable j king computerworld  
database research at the university of oklahoma lb le gruenwald r dirckze s guinepain c sanchez sigmod record 1999.0 
a research-across-the-curriculum movement mr malachowski new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
acm multimedia interactive art program : an introduction to the digital boundaries exhibition a jaimes p jennings proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
an analysis of rule coverage as a criterion in generating minimal test suites for grammar-based m hennessy jf power proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
diversity in required writing courses ms curtis aj herrington new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
implementation of imdct block of an mp3 decoder through optimization on the dct matrix m galabov   
core-periphery disparities recession and new regional dynamisms in the european community d keeble geography  
support vector machine active learning for image retrieval s tong e chang   
cyclosporine delays host immune response to antibody enzyme conjugate in adept kd bagshawe sk sharma transplant proc 1996.0 
nasa aviation safety program aircraft engine health management data mining tools roadmap j litt dl simon c meyer h depold jr curtiss h data mining and knowledge discovery : theory tools and & hellip ; 2000.0 
on the multiple gene duplication problem m fellows m hallett u stege lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
identification of human faces aj goldstein ld harmon ab lesk proc . ieee  
generation of passive macro-models for simulation of distributed interconnect networks sh min m swaminathan emc symposium zurich switzerland  
inadequate formalin fixation decreases reliability of p27 kip1 immunohistochemical staining : probing am de marzo hh fedor wr gage ma rubin   
an applical level video gateway e amirâ ? ¦ proc . acm multimedia  
controlling data warehouses with knowledge networks e schaefer jd becker a boehmer m jarke & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases table of & hellip ; 2000.0 
evaluation of the population status of grizzly bears in canada v banci da demarchi wr archibald international conference on bear research and management  
hydrothermal convection systems with reservoir temperatures > = 90â ? ¦ c ca brook rh mariner dr mabey jr swanson m see ref  
interactive deduplication using active learning s sarawagi   
evolution of tidal vorticity in stratified coastal flow g pawlak p maccready k edwards r mccabe   
randomized sampling from boltzmann principles p duchon p flajolet g louchard g schaeer proc . 29th intl. colloquium on automata languages and  
aries/im : an e cient & high concurrency index managementmethod using write-ahead logging c mohan f levine & hellip ; acm sigmod 1992 international conference on management of & hellip ;  
developing a high traffic read-only web site j nauman r suorsa   
inside ole 2 k brocksmith  1994.0 
allogeneic bone marrow transplantation corrects the immunodeficiency in pnp deficiency but does not rj hallett b gaspar ja duley ld fairbanks ha cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
electro-rheological valves in a hydraulic circuit aj simmonds   
prostaglandins for pregnancy termination in women with severe pre-eclampsia n van gemund ma de boer m van selm sa scherjon submitted for  
energetic materialsâ ?? insensitivity and environmental awareness ar mitchell rd sanner proceedings of the 24th international annual conference on & hellip ;  
solo together apart : evaluating modes of cscl for learning a problem solving task t wright a cockburn   
development of a muscle spindle model m mileusnic ie brown ge loeb proceedings of the 24th annual international conference of & hellip ; 2002.0 
data integration and warehousing in telecom italia s trisolini sigmod conference 1999.0 
anne theodore roosevelt edina minnesota : abdo publishing 1999 nn welsbacher   
t. brown k. and noble h. 1987 providing timerelated constraints for conventional database d abbo proceedings of the 13th international conference on  
rewering aggregate queries using views s cohen w nutt a serebrenik proc of the 18th acm sigact sigmod sigart symp on principles & hellip ;  
the opening price performance of initial public offerings of common stock cb barry rh jennings   
the los angeles project at claremont graduate university : analyzing public policy in an era of tr rochon new directions for higher education 2000.0 
deadlock detection in distributed databases : a new algorithm and a comparative performance n krivokapãc a kemper e gudes the vldb journal  
evaluating the size of queries on relational databases with non-uniform distribution and stochastic s salza m terranova proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1989.0 
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us j blakeley acm sigmod record 2001.0 
personality in synthetic actors d rousseau b hayes-roth technical report ksl 96-21 stanford university  
web dropouts : concerns about online privacy send some consumers off-line c levin pc  
efficacy and safety of nicotine on alzheimerâ ?? s disease patients jm lopez-arrieta jl rodriguez f sanz cochrane database syst . rev 2001.0 
evolutionary comparisons of chorion structural and regulatory genes in two wild silkworm species n moschonas  1980.0 
malpractice occurrence in emergency medicine : does residency training make a difference ? sw branney pt pons vj markovchick go thomasson journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
from stack inspection to access control : a security analysis for libraries t blanc   
three methods used to solve an examination timetable problem jp boufflet s negre lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
producers networks turn to web for viewersâ ?? voice d whitney electronic media  
xcerpt and visxcerpt : from pattern-based to visual querying of xml and semistructured data s berger f bry s schaffert c wieser proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
the order of things : activity-centred information access m chalmers k rodden d brodbeck www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
dealing with data in democratic classrooms . d whitin social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
mapp2200 a second generation smart optical sensor r forchheimer p ingelhag c jansson proc . spie 1992.0 
putting it together . k mcgrory new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
modular neural networks for multi-service connection admission control ws soh ck tham computer networks 2001.0 
maximal vector computation in large data sets p godfrey r shipley j gryz international conference on very large data bases ( vldb ) 2005.0 
interpreting measured night flows e report   
cart : tree-structured non-parametric data analysis d steinberg pc colla san  
: supplement to the proceedings of the 18th british national conference on databases at ral 9-11 w id   
substructure analysis of complex systems using rigid body information of components ws hwang dh lee proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2002.0 
sz and tokhi mo ( 2004a ) . neuro-adaptive vibration suppression of flexible beam structures m hashim proceedings of the 23rd iasted international conference on  
statistical profile estimation in database systems . cornput suru . 20 3 ( sept. 1988 ) 191-221 m mannino p chu t sager acm transactions on database systems  
models for smooth infinitesimal analysis i moerdijk ge reyes  1990.0 
simplicity j maeda bt technology journal 2004.0 
osmotic phenomena in smooth muscle af brading see ref  
virtual instrument what they are where theyâ ? ² re at p benneff electronic products  
modelling the case process : empirical issues and future directions s king r galliers information and software technology 1994.0 
replica allocation for correlated data items in ad hoc sensor networks t hara n murakami s nishio sigmod record 2004.0 
towards a unification of topic constructions . e raposo manuscript university of california santa barbara  
polymorphic versus monomorphic flow-insensitive points-to analysis for c js foster m fahndrich a aiken lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
temaâ ?? the geography of a new port d hilling geography  
d. wood and s. shah â ?? a modified hoek-brown failure criterion for jointed rock massesâ ?? e hoek proc . int . symp . eurock â ?? 92  
midlevel administrators : what we know vj rosser new directions for higher education 2000.0 
fingerprinting and forensic analysis of multimedia d schonberg d kirovski proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
e-commerceâ ?? s garage-band days are over m wagner   
alkylated metal compounds mimic signal molecules : the induction of programmed cell death via hf krug p herrlich   
literature study for geographic literacy : grades 3 to 6 . rf allen jd hoge social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
exchange rate policy for emerging markets : one size does not fit all f larraãn a velasco unpublished manuscript  
alcoholics anonymous a anonymous   
collaborative multimedia : getting beyond the obvious b nardi s bly e isaacs sx wei s whittaker proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
effect of hot rolling conditions on the mechanical properties of very low carbon ti-bearing cold s sayanagi tetsu-to-hagne  
an alternative storage organization for rolap aggregate views based on cubetrees y kotidis n roussopoulos sigmod conference 1998.0 
extremely fast ip used to delineate buried landfills nr carlson cm mayerle kl zonge procs . 5 theegs meeting 5-9 september 1999 budapest  
marine phycoculture in china ck tseng proc . int . seaweed symp  
glycosaminoglycans in human gallbladder basement membrane : nature and quantitative changes in ka hussein g milne d hopwood the histochemical journal 1988.0 
gravity spreading and atmospheric dispersion of lng vapor clouds ae germeles em drake see ref  
gene shaving : a new class of clustering methods for expression arrays . department of statistics t hastie r tibshirani m eisen p brown d ross  2000.0 
analysis of the efficiency of iodine carbon adsorbers in special ventillation systems in nuclear vg kritskii ni ampelogova vi lebedev sm kovalev at .  
agent-based business process management nr jennings p faratin mj johnson tj norman me   
al geist . 1995 gordon bell prize winners ah karp m heath ieee computer  
user-level network interface protocols fb ra t rubl he bal ieee computer  
methanol poisoning . ce becker journal of emergency medicine 1983.0 
network tomography using end-to-end multicast measurements d towsley proc . of acm  
lifting as we climb : networks for minority women . mb wilkerson new directions for higher education 1983.0 
generating spanning trees more quickly than the cover time db wilson proc . 28th acm symp  
neutrino masses and oscillationsâ ?? experiment y suzuki proc . of the 28th inter . conf . on high energy physics & hellip ;  
making your programs work together m miller pc magazine  
gps-based geographic addressing routing and resource discovery t imielinski jc navas communications-acm 1999.0 
optimistic methods for concurrency control in distributed database systems g schlageter vldb  
deixis to properties in the nlvr system e klipple j gurney   
what are perceptual modalities and how do they contribute to learning rf wislock new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
the customer delay in a single server queue with a batch markovian arrival process dm lucantoni mf neuts submitted for  
a method for module architecture verification and its application on a large component-based system a postma information & software technology  
basis functions used in 3-d moments method code to solve wire-surface junction problems v gobin & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatibility zurich switzerland mar. & hellip ; 1991.0 
monitoring outcomes for cuyahoga county 's welfare leavers : how are they faring ? n verma   
a case of urachal remnant presenting as acute abdominal pain-a rare cause of peritonitis in children s schlaishunt j rubin journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
transformative learning as a professional development goal p cranton kp king new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
flextronics international ( singapore ) celestica ( canada ) sci systems ( united states ) and jabil t are solectron   
polymorphic type inference d leivant proceedings of the 10th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
legal remedies act which prohibits a broad range of unfair and deceptive acts and allows consumers c has also enacted a consumers   
locality-based adaptation of communication protocols to dynamic input and network topology b awerbuch  1987.0 
synthetic force simulation fidelity e harvey engineering  
semantic heterogeneity in distributed geographic databases mf worboys sm deen sigmod record 1991.0 
asymmetric fingerprinting b pfitzmann m schunter lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
the importance of spatial heterogeneity in organisms with complex life cycles : analysis of digenetic t stevens  1996.0 
born in 1972 used injection drugs since 1995 k patient at  
business models for electronic markets t paul electronic  
photosynthesis and respiration of citrus as dependent upon fruit load f lenz proc . int . soc . citricult  
functions of several variables wh fleming  1977.0 
habitual interactions between humans and wild bottlenose dolphins ( tursiops truncatus ) near panama a samuels l bejder md  
pdas for every budget b brown m brown pc magazine may  
a continuum approach to the mechanics of contracting skeletal muscle awj gielen   
pesticidal soaps and adjuvants-what are they and how do they work gs puritch proceedings of the 23rd annual lower mainland horticultural  
wave pipelining for application-specific networks on chips j xu w wolf   
analysis of the difficulties of proof c nakanishi the teaching of demonstration in geometry . tokyo : meiji & hellip ;  
semi-c reference manual â ?? alewife systems memo # 20 k johnson  1992.0 
classification of human actions using face and hands detection h ikeda m maeda n kato h kashimura   
automatic scene separation and tree structure gui for video editing h ueda t miyatake proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
towards the support of integrated views of multiple databases : an aggregate schema facility d swartwout jp fry   
tool suite enables designers to craft customized embedded processors d bursky electronic  
how do i judge my outcome when i do not know the outcome of others ? the psychology of the fair k van den bos ea lind r vermunt ham wilke journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
moundville phase communities in the black warrior river valley alabama tk bozeman  1982.0 
theglue-naildeductivedatabasesystem : design implementation and evaluation ma derr s morishita g phipps vldb journal  
security in electronic messaging : things you should know s associates  1990.0 
road safety j frantzeskakis j golias  1994.0 
polymorphic dna markers in prenatal diagnosis of fragile x syndrome jl mandel mg mattei jf mattei lancet i 1985.0 
demonstration of the context interchange mediator prototype s bressan ch goh k fynn m jakobisiak k hussein   
the net changes everything mj miller pc magazine  
contrast-enhanced computed tomographic colonography in the follow-up of colorectal cancer patients : a laghi r iannaccone e bria i carbone l european radiology 2003.0 
plasma fluphenazine concentrations after injection of long-acting esters sh curry r whelpton pj de schepper aa schiff lancet i 1978.0 
distributed linear hashing and parallel projection in main memory databases c severance s pramanik p wolberg vldb 1990.0 
modularity and efficiency in protocol implementation . request for comments 817 dd clark  1982.0 
microstructured optical fibers : why use polymers m large a argyros g barton i bassett f cox m   
mocha : a model checking tool that exploits design structure l de alfaro r alur r grosu t henzinger m kang icse 01 : proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;  
forced oscillations in a circuit with non-linear resistance b van der pol phil . mag  
the antebellum south : fifth graders ' understanding of history dp cox social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
bone morphogenetic proteins v rosen k cox g hattersley principles of bone biology 1996.0 
publishers publishing and the internet : how journal publishing will survive and prosper in the je cox electronic library 1997.0 
yu . v ivanov ae konyaev vf kositsyn em tsentner vt shebolev aa androsenko pa androsenko at . energ  
recombination between factor viii : c gene and st14 locus . mc driscoll ch miller jd goldberg lm aledort lancet i 1986.0 
experiences in mining aviation safety data z nazeri e bloedorn p ostwald   
ss7 basics . telephony division intertec publishing corp. t beninger   
a model of methods access authorization in object-oriented databases eb fernandez mm larrondo-petrie e gudes proc . of the 19th vldb conference dublin  
medical adjuvant treatment to increase patency of arteriovenous fistulae and grafts af da silva x escofet pa rutherford cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
weakly differentiable functions wp ziemer  1989.0 
gridsec : grid security enforcement with trust integration over minimal vpn tunnels k hwang s song j lv   
let 's work together : sharing the burden of systems support . j stone computerworld. 1982.0 
modeled retention and graduation rates : calculating expected retention and graduation rates for g blose new directions for higher education 1999.0 
responding to grammar errors sl holt new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
international scoring system for evaluating prognosis in myelodysplastic syndromes p greenberg c cox mm lebeau p fenaux p morel blood-new york - 1997.0 
smooth-a distributed multimedia database system h kosch c hanin c hofbauer m lang c riedler r vldb 2001.0 
data compression for randomly addressed files d wilkes msc . thesis department of computer science university of  
educating the whole person rm berdahl new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
almost every set in exponential time is p-bi-immune e mayordomo lecture notes in computer science 1992.0 
parallel query processing with zigzag trees m ziane m zaã ¯ t p borla-salamet the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
stochastic models for telecom commodity prices c kenyon g cheliotis computer networks 2001.0 
oceanstore : an architecture for global-scale persistent storage d bindel y chen p eaton d geels r gummadi s proceedings of acm asplos  
architectural and application bottlenecks in scalable dsm multiprocessors c holt jp singh j hennessy proceedings of the 23rd annual international symposium on & hellip ;  
mnemonics used for patient assessment js halpern journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
restoration of local degradations in audio signals m brejl radioengineering-prague - 1996.0 
dimensions of object-oriented language design p wegner proceedings oopsla87 acm press  
love me lead me and leave me alone . js eaton new directions for higher education 1988.0 
efficient locking for concurrent operation on b-trees pl leman sb yao acm tods  
mechanoprotection of the plasma membrane in neurons and other non-erythroid cells by the spectrin - ce morris   
tool path planning using trochoid cycles for hardened steel in die and mold manufacturing ( 1 s ibaraki i yamaji y kakino s nishida at icam2003  
rf d transceiver for 433 mhz ism wireless data communications aj nadler b bailey electronic engineering 1998.0 
methods to explain the clinical significance of health status measures gh guyatt d osoba aw wu kw wyrwich gr norman mayo clinic proceedings 2002.0 
etal. â ?? a space based model for user interaction in shared synthetic environment â ?? le fahlen proc . acm chi  
the wellington formation in oklahoma go raasch  1946.0 
a brief survey of web data extraction tools as da silva js teixeira sigmod record 2002.0 
mocha : a self-extensibledatabase middleware system for distributed data sources manuel rodrä ± guez - cp universityofmaryland   
how many errors remain in a software after insepction ? sg eick cr loader md long sa vander wiel lg proceedings of the 25 thsymposium on the  
version modehng concepts for computer-aided destgn databases r katz e chang r bhateja acm sigmod  
the denodo data integration platform a pan j raposo m alvarez p montoto v orjales vldb 2002.0 
socialization of teaching assistants aq staton al darling new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
silicon flow sensors bw van oudheusden   
dealing with roles m fowler proceedings of  
experience 6th east-european conference on advances in databases and information systems ( adbis ) m grinev s kuznetsov lncs  
managers as initiators of trust : an exchange relationship framework for understanding managerial em whitener se brodt ma korsgaard jm werner the academy of management review 1998.0 
embedded deterministic test for low cost manufacturing test j rajski j tyszer m kassab n mukherjee r   
parallel processing : a smart compiler and a dumb machine ja fisher jr ellis a nicolau   
the use of 2 4-dp to improve fruit size in citrus m agustã v almela m aznar j pons m el-otmani proc int soc citriculture  
structural colours j dyck proc . int . ornithol . congr  
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases s englert pj weinberger   
a remote control interface for large displays a khan g fitzmaurice d almeida n burtnyk g proceedings of acm uist symposium 2004.0 
fear-provoking recommendations intentions to take preventive actions and actual preventive actions hp krisher iii sa darley jm darley journal of personality and social psychology 1973.0 
vaginal misoprostol for cervical ripening and induction of labour gj hofmeyr am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
on the efficiency of multicast r van der hofstad g hooghiemstra p van mieghem submitted for  
attending physician coverage in a teaching hospital 's emergency department : effect on malpractice s press sa russell jc cantor e jerez journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
core-peripheralitiy disparities recessionism in the european community d keeble geography  
a tool for software reliability modeling . w farr o smith procs . international simulation technology conference and  
implementation and modeling of two-phase locking concurrency control - a performance study nb al-jumah hs hassanein m el-sharkawi information & software technology 2000.0 
a multisided generalization of bã © zier surfaces ct loop td derose acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 1989.0 
book embeddings of graphs and a theorem of whitney pc kainen s overbay   
iga glomerular deposits in renal disease j berger transplant proc 1969.0 
winnowing : local algorithms for document fingerprinting s schleimer ds wilkerson a aiken sigmod conference 2003.0 
automatically organizing bookmarks per contents ys maarek i ben-shaul www5 / computer networks 1996.0 
asymptotic distributions of instrumental variables statistics with many instruments j stock m yogo unpublished manuscript  
of the office of extension work in the south noted â ?? in many cases incomes must be increased b knapp me cresswell see â ?? the effect of home demonstration work on the & hellip ;  
efficient algorithms for the inference of minimum size dfas al oliveira jpm silva machine learning 2001.0 
the network is the database : data management for highly distributed systems jc navas m wynblatt sigmod conference 2001.0 
on the design and implementation of information systems from deductive conceptual models a olive vldb 1989.0 
cullamã ¡ c alias del capitan grande . he rensch  1956.0 
adaptive data broadcast in hybrid networks k stathotos n roussopoulos js baras proceedings of the 23rd  
artemis message exchange framework : semantic interoperability of exchanged messages in the v bicer gb laleci a dogac y kabak   
â ?? down-regulation cm stoscheck g carpenter & hellip ; egf receptors : direct demonstration of receptor degradation & hellip ;  
settlement renaming in turkish cyprus ' s ladbury r king geography  
the computational projection of ansa aj herbert acm press frontier series 1990.0 
alightweight 3d hmd with accommodative compensation t sugihara t miyasato proc . 29th soc . information  
inquiry into a trading center : the case of the cahokia empire . pull-out 2 . jm shiveley social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
chloride binding regulates the schiff base pk in gecko p521 cone-type visual pigment c yuan o kuwata j liang s misra sp balashov   
dealing with heterogeneity in stardust : an environment for parallel programming on networks of g cabillic i puaut lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
the oceans asia publishing house shuj mw rh fleming bombay india p  
aries/lm : an efficient and high concurrency index management method using write-ahead logging c mohan f levine proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
prefetching in realtime database applications h wedekind g zoerntlein proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1986.0 
predicting bottleneck bandwidth sharing by generalized tcp flows a misra t ott j baras computer networks 2002.0 
quiet : continuous query-driven index tuning ku sattler i geist e schallehn vldb 2003.0 
session management in broadcast networks with dynamic addresses o sharon a segall computer networks 1999.0 
dealing with temporal schema anomalies in history databases ng martin sb navathe r ahmed vldb 1987.0 
the relation between research and the scholarship of teaching mb paulsen new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
research articles and surveys j blakeley acm sigmod record 2005.0 
interfacility transfer guidelines : an easy reference to help hospitals decide on appropriate sm boyko journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
displacement estimation by hierarchical block matching m bierling proc . spie 1988.0 
parallels in aviation and medicine d dotan unpublished  
solar activity cycles and natural states of the heliosphere hs ahluwalia proc . 21st int . cosmic ray conf 1990.0 
optimization of relational schemas containing inclusion dependencies ma casanova vldb 1989.0 
arbâ ?? s study of emission from two â ?? â ?? late-modelâ ?? â ?? diesel and cng heavy-duty transit buses . an ayala r kado m okamoto p rieger ba holmen san diego april  
y saito m. springford and im templeton jp jan wb pearson phil . mag  
software release planning : an evolutionary and iterative approach d greer g ruhe   
the truly false consensus effect : an ineradicable and egocentric bias in social perception j krueger rw clement journal of personality and social psychology 1994.0 
multi-ported single wet-well intake structure operation in a stratified reservoir se howington water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
development of a three-dimensional auditory display system em wenzel fl wightman sh foster acm sigchi bulletin 1988.0 
handbook on the physics and chemistry of rare earths special volumes on high temperature rare earth hw weber at  
disk utilization for news-on-demand rt ng jym buer proceedings of the international conference on very large  
oestrogen and progestogen hormone replacement therapy for peri-menopausal and post-menopausal women : rj norman ihk flight mcp rees cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
circuit bases of strongly connected digraphs pm gleiss j leydold pf stadler   
smart cards the better way to pay : after a ten year struggle for acceptance smart cards areâ ® nally m alexander computerworld  
the search for perfect project management d phan d vogel j nunamaker computerworld  
productivity impact of it investment in singapore pk wong proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
the effects of hunting on an ontario black bear population gb kolenosky international conference on bear research and management  
ip-based protocols for mobile interworking j ioannidis d duchamp gq maguire jr proc acm sigcommâ ?? 91  
solubility of pt and pd sulfides and au metal in aqueous bisulfide solutions . ii p pan sa wood results at  
geodesic flow on polyhedral surfaces k polthier m schmies   
on the key role of parasitic capacitances in the determination of susceptibility to emi of g masetti g setti n speciale & hellip ; electromagnetic compatibility ( emc ) zurich switzerland  
knowledge interchange format version 3.0 . ref mr geneserth re fikes man . technical report university of stanford  
minty variational inequality and vector optimization gp crespi i ginchev m rocca   
hoard : a scalable memory allocator for multithreaded applications ed berger ks mckinley rd blumofe pr wilson   
parallel simulation of performance petri nets : extending the domain of parallel simulation gs thomas j zahorjan proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter simulation 1991.0 
vector control of ac drives i boldea sa nasar  1992.0 
an integrated web computing application for tasks related to course selection and registration t takeshita k maeda information and software technology 1999.0 
community consequences of highway improvement em horwood  1964.0 
on the correlation between code coverage and software reliability f del frate p garg ap mathur a pasquini   
expression of cd15 ( fal ) on myeloid cells and chromosomal localization of the gene p tetteroo ag van kessel the histochemical journal 1992.0 
a comparative study of hematocrits drawn from a standard venipuncture and those drawn from a saline cm sliwa journal of emergency nursing 1997.0 
efficient locking for concurrent operations on b-trees pl lehman b yao acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
evolution of darwin 's finches caused by a rare climatic event br grant pr grant proceedings : biological sciences 1993.0 
towards the assessment of costs and benefits of ergonomic modifications to jobs : a case study the r norman r wells a moore j potvin proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the human & hellip ;  
m & m-query : database support for the annotation and retrieval of biological research articles k baclawski n fridman proc . acm sigmod conference 1993.0 
teaching for diversity n chism new directions in teaching and  
if we want things to stay as they are things will have to change jb lapidus new directions for higher education 1998.0 
emerging issues in the discussion of active learning te sutherland new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
contracting out for human services : economic political and organizational perspectives rh dehoog  1984.0 
the fleostomy patient e lenneberg j rowbotham report of a research and demonstration  
suite 300 silver spring s street   
measuring herding and exaggeration by equity analysts and other opinion sellers e zitzewitz unpublished manuscript 2001.0 
teaching academies : honoring and promoting teaching through a community of expertise . nvn chism new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
induction of labour for suspected fetal macrosomia o irion m boulvain cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
a configurable type hierarchy index for oodb ta mueck ml polaschek the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
proc . of the sixth east-european conference on advances in databases and information systems adbis sa stupnikov la kalinichenko d jin song slovak university of technology  
database research at the data-intensive systems center d maier l delcambre c pu j walpole g graefe sigmod record 1993.0 
dbsim : a simulation tool for predicting database performance m lefler m stokrp c wong proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1996.0 
design by example a bruggemann-klein s hermann electronic publishing  
a note on minimal covers j atkins sigmod record 1988.0 
a rare plant survey of the lake chelan project area-final lake chelan hydroelectric project no. 637 pud chelan prepared by calypso consulting seattle washington  
clustering via matrix powering h zhou d woodruff   
les motek high degree word : mother lodge bordeaux : mother scottish lodge s mystã ¨ res   
intentional student development and retention . mmg stodt new directions for higher education 1987.0 
contracts for higher-order functions rb findler m felleisen   
remote api to the bow expert systems shell ve zaitsev sy lukashevich dv soshnikov kr moscow aviation technical university  
the context interchange mediator prototype s bressan   
physical design for surface-micromachined mems gk fedder t mukherjee   
mot ett nytt fã ¶ rhã ¥ llningssã $ tt i regionalpolitiken l ramfelt i sou  
leadership in the shaping and implementation of collaboration agendas : how things happen in a ( not c huxham s vangen academy of management journal 2000.0 
a and healey rw 1935 va bailey phil . mag  
r. kumar v. : mining needles in a haystack : classifying rare classes via two-phase rule induction ma joshi proceedings of acm  
leveraging the information asset j perna   
anonymous fingerprinting b pfitzmann m waidner lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
concept-based querying in mediator systems ku sattler i geist e schallehn the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2005.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?nonlinear functions for blind separation and equalization ã cents â ? ¬ â ? ph. d h mathis dissertation eth zã?â 1/4 rich zurich switzerland nov. .  
functional partitioning for hardware-codesign codesign using genetic algorithms ji hidalgo j lanchares proceedings of the 23rd euromicro conference  
jun gu . a structured approach for vlsi circuit design kf smith ieee computer  
modelling crystallization of polymers in temperature elds ( 1998 ) m burger v capasso g eder   
beer from maize cb pfeninger f schur aj wieg process european brewing convention zurich switzerland  
factors affecting statewide planning . sv martorana new directions for higher education 1974.0 
object manipulation in virhml ~ . nvirnnme . nt . ~ : hnnman hia . consistency a_n_d i_n_dividua ! y wang cl mackenzie va summers proceedings of acm  
crowns suckers and slips of smooth cayenne pineapples infested with diaspis bromeliae were i australia fumigation  
the nucleus : panel discussion b donn study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
autonomous query-driven index tuning ku sattler e schallehn i geist   
msl : a model for w3c xml schema a brown m fuchs j robie p wadler computer networks 2002.0 
wb and templeton im 1960 av gold dkc macdonald wb pearson phil . mag  
evidence for terror management theory ii : the effects of mortality salience on reactions to those j greenberg t pyszczynski s solomon a journal of personality and social psychology  
on the gravitational effects of distant rotating masses l bass fae pirani phil . mag  
institutional commitment to fairness in college teaching rc rodabaugh new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
deadlock detection in distributed database systems : a new algorithm and a comparative performance n krivokapiä ? a kemper e gudes the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
a testbed fear wide area atm research dl tennenhouse im leslie proc . acm  
responding to student writing j macallister new directions for teaching and learning : teaching writing & hellip ;  
characteristic cycles on differentiable manifolds . ls pontriagin  1950.0 
a quantum structuredynamic model of quarks leptons weak vector bosons and higgs mesons ow greenberg j sucher aip conference proceedings 1981.0 
in keramidas em jc geyer computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
secretion of oxygen intermediates : role in effector functions of activated macrophages cf nathan fed proc 1982.0 
situational evaluation of teaching on campus re stake ej cisneros-cohernour new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
beta2-agonists for acute bronchitis ( cochrane review ) j smucny c flynn l becker r glazier cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
today 's actions tomorrowâ ?? s landscapes s thompson proceedings of the 25 thanniversary conference of the new & hellip ;  
collaborative knowledge building by smart sensors vm bove j mallett bt technology journal 2004.0 
management applications of analyzing cellular digital packet data ( cdpd ) billing data at gau s hardy t randhawa   
putting requirement management into praxis : dealing with nonfunctional requirements i hrazdira j skorpkova m dolnkova c ebert information and software technology 1998.0 
new enhancements to cut fade and dissolve detection processes in video segmentation bt truong   
introduction to faculty learning communities md cox new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
three-dimensional displays t okoshi ieee proceedings 1980.0 
quill publishing md william glasser   
on the question of the stability of the flow of fluids l rayleigh phil . mag  
a comparison of the security of windows nt and unix h hedbom s lindskog s axelsson e jonsson   
faculty development : working together to improve teaching and learning lg dotolo new directions for higher education 1999.0 
a knowledge-theoretic analysis of atomic commitment protocols v hadzilacos proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1987.0 
the effect of stocking density on walking ability tonic immobility and the development of tibial gs sanotra ks vestergaard mg thomsen proc . 29th int . congr . of the int . soc . for appl . ethology & hellip ;  
â ?? nie wieder bugs!â ?? s maguire  1993.0 
things that see jl crowley j coutaz f berard communications-acm 2000.0 
learning through acquisitions f vermeulen h barkema   
hydrothermal vent precipitates : a study of temporal and geographic variations in black smoker sr baron  1998.0 
mcmc maximum likelihood cj geyer computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;  
experiments on access to digital libraries : how can images and text be used together m lesk proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
voter confusion and voter rationality : the use of counter propositions in direct legislation sa banducci  1995.0 
the entity-relationship model-toward a unified model of data p chen acm trans . database systems  
dealing with details in a large class . rp brooks new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
sexual conflict and arms races between the sexes : a morphological adaptation for control of mating g arnqvist l rowe proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
insite : a tool for interpreting users ? interaction with a web space c shahabi a faisal fb kashani j faruque proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 
making network interfaces less peripheral ss mukherjee md hill ieee computer 1998.0 
analysis of shared buâ ? er switches under non-uniform traâ ? c pattern and global flowcontrol m saleh m atiquzzaman computer networks 2000.0 
strategy adaptation by competing subpopulations d schlierkamp-voosen h muehlenbein lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
fast andaccurate flow-insensitivepoints-toanalysis mss horwitz proc . 24th . acm symposiumonprinciplesofprogramminglanguages & hellip ;  
counterpoint in faulkner 's '' the wild palms '' wt jewkes wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
rollback-dependency trackability : visible characterizations r baldoni m raynal   
growth hormome treatment of children with prader-willi syndrome as reported to the kigs database em ritzã © n submitted for  
improving accuracy in end-to-end packet loss measurement j sommers p barford n duffield a ron proceedings acm sigcomm 2005.0 
the war between the quals and the quants : is a lasting peace possible ? ph rossi new directions for program evaluation 1994.0 
stochastic aspects of the force network in a regular granular piling c eloy e clement j. phys . i france 1997.0 
the nucleus : panel discussion cr o'dell study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
properties of ridge waveguide sb cohn proc . ire  
acoustic deterrence of harmful marine mammalâ ? fishery interactions rr reeves rj hofman gk silber d wilkinson & hellip ; a workshop held in seattle washington . us national oceanic & hellip ;  
quantum chromodynamics w greiner a schaefer  1994.0 
peterschwarz . aries : atransactionrecoverymethodsupporting fine-granularity locking and partial c mohan bl donhaderle h pirahesh acm trans . on database  
an investigation of the aeroelastic stability of a helicopter blade with a ` smart ' spring at the root s solaiman ff afagh f nitzsche european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
comments on optimality of b-trees j klonk acm sigmod record 1983.0 
de hosson jtm . s mogck bj kooi phil . mag  
using xml effectively in ebusiness architectures r bodkin   
triage : how long does it take ? how long should it take ? d travers journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
sf . chang quad-tree segmentation for texture-based image query in jr smith proc . acm  
sequential minimal optimization : a fast algorithm for training support vector machines [ r ] . 1998 j platt microsoft technical  
generation of relevant didactic explanations by the computer running a simulation for itself jl dessalles   
comparing rebuild algorithms for mirrored and raid5 disk arrays ry hou yn patt   
fti engineering process specification fti 8101b-cold expansion of fastener and other holes using the ma landy rl champoux  1984.0 
designing robust sample interfacing equipment for infrared process analysis wm doyle na jennings at process 1997.0 
deterministic simulation in logspace m ajtai j komlos e szemeredi proceedings of the nineteenth annual acm conference on & hellip ; 1987.0 
what should a wildebeest say ? interactive nature films for high school classrooms bk smith bj reiser   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?an application level video gateway ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in e amir s mccanne h zhang proc . acm multimedia  
pharmacokinetics of tacrolimus : clinically relevant aspects na undre p stevenson a schafer transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
use of neural networks to improve computational efficiency of environmental numerical models . vm krasnopolsky dv chalikov hl tolman md  
resistance to self-direction in learning can be overcome . r hiemstra rg brockett new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
mutual interference models for cdma mobile communication networks v wieser k hrudkay   
leveraging higher education for workforce development tr horgan new directions for higher education 2002.0 
received : august 20 1980 [ z 704b ie ] german version : angew . chem . 93 286 ( 1981 ) ipds kulpe acc . chem . res 1980.0 
what are they thinking n king pc magazine  
sub-and superadditive properties of fejã © râ ?? s sine polynomial h alzer s koumandos   
performance analysis of linear binary block coded optical ppm cdma systems with soft-decision t ohtsuki t kaneko jm kahn   
evaluation of urinary nmp22 ( nuclear matrix protein 22 ) as a diagnostic marker for urothelial cancer h akaza n miyanaga t tsukamoto s ishikawa r gan to kagaku ryoho 1997.0 
second edition ole inside  1995.0 
inside ole 2 > > k broekschmidt  1994.0 
prob-view : a flexible probabilstic database system vs lakshamanan laks l nicola r robert vs acm transactions on database systems  
scholarly teaching : developmental stages of pedagogical scholarship . sa ronkowski new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
dynamic video clustering and annotation q li jcm lee proc . of 18th int . conf . on vldb  
advanced surface ship evaluation tool ( asset ) user guide md devine the boeing company seattle washington bcs  
sit-in : a real-life spatio-temporal information system g sindoni p ticca l tininini a ambrosetti c proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
protein fingerprinting as a complementary tool for the classification of pseudomonas bacteria j eichel t lewicka   
a systemic demographic efficiency analysis of us interstate population exchange 1935-1980 da plane economic geography 1984.0 
loss differentiated multicast congestion control ys gan ck tham computer networks 2003.0 
disconnected operation in publish/subscribe middleware i burcea ha jacobsen e de lara v muthusamy m   
genetical analysis of mammary tumor development and mammary tumor virus expression in the gr mouse r van nie l hilgers m lenselink see ref  
pseudo column level locking n ponnekanti & hellip ; 2001 . proceedings . 17th international conference on 2001.0 
measuring and illustrating statistical evidence in a cost-effectiveness analysis js hoch jd blume   
explaining stochastic volatility in asset prices d kelly d steigerwald  1999.0 
patient satisfaction with pain management does not correlate with initial or discharge vas pain am kelly journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
a brief introduction to discrete-event simulation programming languages . acm sigplan notes 28 ( 3 ) p kiviat proceedings of hopl-ii history of programming languages  
grobner bases t becker v weispfenning h kredel  1993.0 
smart clothing : â ?? wearable multimedia and personal imagingâ ?? to restore the balance between people s mann proc . acm  
optimum decoding of non-additive full frame dft watermarks a de rosa m barni f bartolini v cappellini a proc . int . workshop on information  
efficient disk-based k-means clustering for relational databases c ordonez e omiecinski ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
responses of grizzly bears to logging truck traffic in the kimsquit river valley british columbia wr archibald r ellis an hamilton international conference on bear research and management  
classifying managerial responses to multiple organizational identities mg pratt po foreman   
crystallographic computing agw leslie from chemistry to biology  
theory of technical systems : a total concept theory for engineering design v hubka we eder  1988.0 
aucnet : electronic intermediary for used car transactions hg lee   
reconstructing introductory psychology . dg winter new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
poison pills : harmful relevant documents in feedback e terra r warren proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
social capital collective action and adaptation to climate change . wn adger economic geography 2003.0 
adaptive data broadcast in hybrid networks k stathatos n roussopoulos js baras proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
concluding comments . lm aleamoni new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
a business contracting model for tina architecture f daoud electronic markets 1998.0 
in vivo bromodeoxyuridine incorporation in human gastric cancer : a study on formalin-fixed and m danova a riccardi s brugnatelli r fiocca m the histochemical journal 1988.0 
dissipated energy as the means for health monitoring of smart structures pw mast jg michopoulos r badaliance hh proceedings of spie 2003.0 
cmoraga â ?? design of multivalued circuit using genetic algorithmsâ ?? w wenjun ieee proc . 26th-int . symp . on multiple-valued logic  
laser material processing of shape memory alloys h haferkamp f von alvensleben s nolte g kamlage laseropto-stuttgart - 1999.0 
the unbalanced plant em goldratt apics 24th annual international conference proceedings  
bonding and routing practice with respect on lightning protection and emc e montandon proc . 21st int . conf . lightning  
asset stock accumulation and the sustainability of competitive advantage : reply i dierickx k cool management science 1989.0 
identification of an extended half-site motif required for the function of peroxisome proliferator - s osada t tsukamoto m takiguchi m mori t osumi genes to cells 1997.0 
moral judgment and college curricula . mj collins new directions for teaching and learning 1988.0 
genetic optimization for exploratory projection pursuit sl crawford proceedings of the 23rd symposium of the interface between  
preventing spa/dpa in ecc systems using the jacobi form py liardet np smart lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
interpreting prrsv sequencing data j collins proceedings of the allen d. leman swine conference  
primate adaptation and evolution 2nd ed : academic press jg fleagle san diego  
born abt . 1708 in port tobacco baltimore/harford co jt hunt   
acme : an architecture interchange language d garlan  1996.0 
an ideal model for recursive polymorphic types d macqueen g plotkin r sethi proceedings of the 11th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
a password authentication scheme based upon rabinâ ?? s public-key cryptosystem cc chang lh wu proc . int . conf . systems  
a tool for modular database design l tucherman al furtado ma casanova vldb 1985.0 
tutors and small groups in problem-based learning : lessons from the literature l wilkerson new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
sqlem : fast clustering in sql using the em algorithm c ordonez   
changes of extracellular potassium concentration in the cortex and brain stem during the acute phase h takahashi s manaka k sano no to shinkei 1981.0 
research issues in automatic database clustering s guinepain acm sigmod record 2005.0 
happiness is everything or is it ? explorations on the meaning of psychological well-being cd ryff journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
a search for rare b meson decays at the cern proton-antiproton collider ( abstract only ) c albajar r kinnunen j tuominiemi v karimaki m oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
conference report : the future of german teaching . british and european perspectives on the i wanner journal of european area studies 2001.0 
regularity is decidable for normed bpa and normed bpp processes in polynomial time a kucera proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ; 1996.0 
mocha : a self-extensible database middleware system for distributed data sources m rodriguez   
interleukin-6 ( il-6 ) as an anti-inflammatory cytokine : induction of circulating il-1 receptor h tilg e trehu mb atkins ca dinarello   
kung . information exchange in wireless networks with network coding and physical-layer broadcast c wu technical report msrtr-2004-78 microsoft technical report aug. .  
adaptation on rugged landscapes da levinthal management science 1997.0 
a structural analysis of resource allocation negotiations and implications for negotiation support jl mumpower ta darling proceedings of the 24th annual hawaii international & hellip ;  
carbon isotope fractionation and plant water-use efficiency gd farquhar kt hubick ag condon ra richards stable isotopes in ecological research 1989.0 
bear management and sheep husbandry in norway with a discussion of predatory behavior significant i mysterud international conference on bear research and management  
intravenous prostaglandins for induction of labour m luckas l bricker cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
reduced order controllers for burgers ' equation with a nonlinear observer ja atwell jt borggaard bb king   
an experimental comparison of locking policies in a testbed database system wh kohler kc wilner ja stankovic proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
an engineer 's perception of the path to the executive suite sr premeaux r comish s premeaux   
et tu xml ? the downfall of the relational empire p wadler proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
rf-field interactions with biological systems - electrical properties and biophysical mechanisms hp schwan kr foster ieee proceedings 1980.0 
smart thermal skins for automobiles dd hopkins m rubin dd arasteh procs . dedicated conf . on supercars ( advanced ultralight & hellip ;  
input impedance of wide-angle å 1/2 . conical antennas fed by a coaxial line ch papas rwp king proc . ire  
invited talk at theâ ?? int miniworkshop on neutrino masses and mixingsâ ?? w louis seattle washington april  
bundling information goods : pricing profits and efficiency y bakos e brynjolfsson management science 1999.0 
on the equilibrium of liquid conducting masses charged with electricity l rayleigh phil . mag  
askstrider : what has changed on my machine lately ? ym wang r roussev c verbowski a johnson d ladd   
did your family take baths on the prairie ? ja smith d hobbs social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
how to avoid designing digital libraries : a scenario based approach jm carroll acm sigois bulletin 1995.0 
wittgenstein finitism and mathematical induction v rodych  1999.0 
an examination of university of wisconsin-stout studentsâ ?? perceptions of their secondary career ly reich  2002.0 
a. ( 1993 ) : model of methods access authorization in object-oriented databases eb fernandez mm larrondo-petrie e gudes proc . of the 19th vldb conference  
actiview : adaptive data presentation using supersql y maeda m toyama proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
high nest losses in capercaillie and black grouse in norway t storaas p wegge proc . int . grouse symp  
a one-pass algorithm for accurately estimating quantiles for disk-resident data k alsabti s ranka v singh vldb 1997.0 
â ?? one size fits allâ ?? database architectures do not work for dss c french proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
synthetic models for the 02-binding hemoproteins jp collman acc . chem . res  
the emergence of linked fish markets in europe i graham electronic markets 1998.0 
ethical issues in innovative surgery : should we attempt a cadaveric hand transplantation in a human m siegler transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
teaching the subject : developmental identities in teaching m burgan new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
sources of error in survey data used in criminal justice evaluation : draft of final report wt bielby ra berk  1981.0 
relationship between the number of thunderstorm days and the lightning flash density registered by f popolansky proc . 21st int . conf . on lightning protection berlin & hellip ;  
new directions for research policy development and practice dw leslie new directions for higher education 1998.0 
publishing american identity : popular geopolitics myth and the reader 's digest jp sharp political geography 1993.0 
new spaces of law enforcement : closed circuit television public behaviour and the policing of m goodwin c johnstone k williams association of american geographers annual conference & hellip ;  
genome-wide analysis of changes in early gene expression induced by oestrogen h watanabe a suzuki t mizutani s khono db genes to cells 2002.0 
direct medullary arterioles and arteriovenous anastomoses in the arcuate sponges of the kidney hj barrie sj klebanoff gw cates lancet i 1950.0 
typhoon-zero implementation : the vortex module rw pfile computer sciences technical report-university of wisconsin & hellip ; 1995.0 
systems analysis of radiation safety and disassembling the equipment of the power-generating units bk bylkin vy shpitser at .  
the sar procedure : a diagnostic analysis of heterogeneous data d pena gc tiao  2002.0 
rescherche et development de propergols aerobies a fort exposant de pression [ c ] b foureat c maason proc of the 21st int annu conf of ict  
classification and multiple regression through projection pursuit . dept jh friedman  1984.0 
improving performance in replicated databases through relaxed coherency m nicola proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
in vivo absorption properties of algal pigments rr bidigare me ondrusek jh morrow da kiefer proc .  
two types of verb particle constructions m vinka proceedings of the 23rd annual penn linguistics colloquium : & hellip ;  
inside ole 2 k broeksehmit  1994.0 
a variational approach to spline curves on surfaces h pottmann m hofer submitted for publication 2004.0 
the triangle : a multiprocessor architecture for fast curve and surface generation ad derose tj holman submitted for  
estimating flow distribution from sampled flow statistic n duffeld c lund m thorup proc . acm sigcomm aug  
emotional responses to affective displays in others : the distinction between empathy and sympathy rj gruen g mendelsohn journal of personality & social psychology  
exploiting constraint-like data characterizations in query optimization p godfrey j gryz c zuzarte sigmod conference 2001.0 
of the sixth east-european conference on advances in databases and information systems adbis ' 2002 sa stupnikov la kalinichenko d jin song  2002.0 
ieee-p1451 . 2 smart transducer interface module s woodsâ ? ¦ proceedings sensors expo philadelphia  
connectionist learning in backgammon jr bachrach coins technical report university of massachusetts amherst ma  
prehistoric archaeology and american society bg trigger see ref  
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases j gray p sundaresan s englert sigmod conference 1994.0 
extended ephemeral logging : log storage management for applications with long-lived transactions js keen wj dally acm transactions on database systems 1997.0 
exemplar-based likelihoods using the pdf projection theorem t minka   
controlling information exchange in distributed bayesian networks j shen v lesser n carver   
â ?? a 13.5-bit cost optimized multi-bit delta-sigma adc for adslâ ?? a wiesbauer h weinberger m clara j hauptmann proceedings of the 25 thesscirc september  
influence of overlap on the convergence rate of waveform relaxation mj gander am stuart  1996.0 
improving teaching : how a clearinghouse helps . ca kirkendall new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
link-based and content-based evidential information in a belief network model i silva b ribeiro-neto p calado e moura n proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
â ?? effi crently updatrng materlalrzed views ja blakeley p larson fw tompa proceedings of the 1986 acm-sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
rudy setiiono huan liu a connectionist approach to data mining h lu proceedings of the 21st vldb zurish swizerland  
le laurium antique et la technique grecque de la production de lâ ?? argent ec konofagos  1980.0 
towards a semantic view of en extended entity-relationship diagram m gogolla u hohestein acm transactions on database systems  
intrinsic atomic characterizations of function spaces on domains h triebel   
the nucleus : panel discussion fl whipple study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
addressing academic culture : service learning organizations and faculty work k ward new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
market efficiency and the returns to technical analysis h bessembinder k chan   
piecing it together : america 's story in quilts jr marrou social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
the links between labour markets and housing markets in melbourne final report for the australian koâ ?? conner e healy isbn  
structure-function relationships of antimicrobial dermaseptins p. 47â ?? 49 k hani p nicolas a mor proceedings of the 23rd european peptide symposium . escom & hellip ;  
dna fingerprinting in citrus cultivars t motohashi t matsuyama t akihama proc . int . soc . citriculture  
on the supposed weight and ultimate fate of radiation o lodge phil . mag  
a componentized architecture for scalable market exchange b reich i ben-shaul   
a variant of the arrow distributed directory protocol with low average complexity d peleg e reshef proc . of the 26th int . colloquium on automata languages and & hellip ;  
overview of the pips project f irigoin p jouvelot r triolet   
hydrothermal differentiation and myrmekite : a clue to many geologic puzzles lg collins  1988.0 
the interface between project managers and functional managers in matrix organized product r sbragia & hellip ; of the 9th international conference on management of & hellip ;  
naturalistic stimuli increase the rate and efficiency of information transmission by primary f rieke da bodnar w bialek proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
using a steerable projector and a camera to transform surfaces into interactive displays c pinhanez   
bob based programming and formalizations v jamwal s iyer technical report kresit iit bombay india 2005 . available at :  
winmagic : subquery elimination using window aggregation c zuzarte w ma l liu proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2003.0 
design and evaluation of network interfaces for system area networks ss mukherjee  1998.0 
the disposition effectâ ?? evidence on the investorsâ ?? aversion to realize losses k heilmann v lã $ ger a oehler proceedings of the 25 thannual colloquium iarep wien  
architecture layers and engineering approach for agent-based system sk lee cs hwang information and software technology  
schedulingsupportforconcurrencyandpar-allelisminthemachoperatingsystem dl black ieee computer  
graph clustering 1 : cycles of cliques fj brandenburg   
ircs : infrared camera and spectrograph for the subaru telescope n kobayashi at tokunaga h terada m goto m proc . spie 2000.0 
39a session calledâ ?? court called into sessionâ ?? a rot is required g if see  
the hierarchical degree-of-visibility tree l shou z huang kl tan ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
strategic moves for retention success rs levitz l noel bj richter new directions for higher education 1999.0 
repeating history beyond aries c mohan vldb 1999.0 
sand plain forest fragmentation and residential development invercargill city new zealand da norton see ref  
insite : a tool for real-time knowledge discovery from users web navigation c shahabi a faisal fb kashani j faruque proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
tobias j. moskowitz p held   
skills they 'd kill for a radding computerworld  
adult learning and life histories : opportunities and issues for qualitative research at the british a thomson & hellip ; . proceedings of the 23rd annual scutrea conference lincoln  
a new model for training project managers . aj shenhar b nofzinger proc. 28th annual seminars and symposium project & hellip ;  
surviving and thriving sa cox new directions for higher education 1996.0 
interdependent parameters of circadian activity rhythms in birds and man j aschoff u gerecke a kureck h pohl p rieger see ref  
retirement expectations formation using the health and retirement study . h benãtez - silva d dwyer unpublished manuscript  
off-line learning from perception for improving mission performance of autonomous vehicles r gregor procs . of the 1998 ieee conference on intelligent  
a three-dimensional numerical study of the effect of pulsating flow on conversion efficiency inside sj jeong ws kim proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
british council | porto editora learn from your mistakes how often do we think of studentsâ ?? errors w sheila talk | demonstration _ sec | ta learning strategies room :  
interest group interaction and groundwater policy formation in the southwest za smith  1983.0 
identity predication and connectivity in pseudoclefts c heycock a kroch 19th glow colloquium athens greece april  
mean position and deviation of the kuroshio axis in the east china sea t yamashiro a maeda m sakurai umi to sora  
formative evaluation and the scholarship of teaching and learning r smith new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
s. ahmad m. s & zakaria n a. ( 2002 a ) . integrating gis with hydraulic and sediment transport model s sinnakaudan a ab ghani proceedings r & d colloquium on river engineering and urban  
inquiry and cognitive psychology . na stillings new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
mifepristone for induction of labour jp neilson cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
experiments with b-tree reorganization e gudes   
practical capillary electrophoresis p. 200 r weinberger academic san diego  
changes in serum progesterone levels and growth of fetuses in hokkaido brown bears t tsubota y takahashi h kanagawa international conference on bear research and management  
the hydrography of the mid-latitude northeast atlantic ocean ii : the intermediate water masses hm van aken deep-sea research i 2000.0 
double-strand break repair mediated by dna end-joining y tsukamoto h ikeda genes to cells 1998.0 
the future of virtual reality : head mounted displays versus spatially immersive displays ( panel ) e lantz proceedings of the 23rd annual conference on computer & hellip ; 1996.0 
building better theory : time and the specification of when things happen tr mitchell lr james academy of management review 2001.0 
a theoretical investigation of the compression of a ductile material between smooth flat dies ap green phil . mag  
geographic applications development : models and tools for the conceptual level n tryfona t hadzilacos acm-gis  
tungsten migration between main chamber and divertor of asdex upgrade w schneider d hildebrandt x gong k krieger r   
dependency characterizations for acyclic database schemes g grahne kj rã $ ihã $ proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
information lifecycle management : the emc perspective d reiner g press m lenaghan d barta r urmston data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
md 1994 matthew f. kohler md barber md  
wholesale electricity trading in the deregulated german electricity market-results and insights from s strecker c weinhardt cdrom proceedings 24th annual iaee international conference & hellip ;  
has welfare reform been successful for all groups ? examining racial variations in caseload decline c miller k cox unpublished manuscript  
conformations of the rhodopsin third cytoplasmic loop grafted onto bacteriorhodopsin using afm jb heymannâ ? ¦   
rural kiosks in india k toyama k kiri ml ratan a nileshwar r   
analyzing factors that influence end-to-end web performance b krishnamurthy ce wills www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
re-designing distance functions and distance based applications for high dimensional data cc aggarwal sigmod record 2001.0 
comparison of chen medium and optisol-gs for human corneal preservation at 4 ^ oc : results of wm bourne lr nelson lj maguire kh baratz do cornea-new york - 2001.0 
pilot study of mycophenolate mofetil ( rs-61443 ) in the prevention of acute rejection following renal k takahashi t ochiai k uchida t yasumura m transplant proc 1995.0 
keeping up with product cycles k gale computerworld  
log write-ahead protocols and ims/vs logging rj peterson jp strickland proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
qbi : query by icons a massari l saladini   
circuit layout j soukup ieee proceedings 1981.0 
radiofrequency thermal ablation versus other interventions for hepatocellular carcinoma d galandi g antes cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
rip it up j king computerworld  
in memory of bob kooi ( 1951â ?? 1993 ) m stonebraker acm sigmod record 1994.0 
thinksheet : a tool for tailoring complex documents p piatko r yangarber d lin d shasha proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1996.0 
verischemelog : verilog embedded in scheme j jennings e beuscher   
extending hierarchical reinforcement learning to continuous-time average-reward and multi-agent m ghavamzadeh s mahadevan r makar   
solid phase organic synthesis : novelty orjundamental concept h rapoport ji crowley acc . chem . res  
l'art du code sa maguire  1995.0 
co-learning in the community rm curry p cunningham new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
black bear denning ecology in interior alaska me smith jl hechtel eh follmann international conference on bear research and management  
localities and failures rm amadio proceedings  
september 1952 . the university of toronto model electronic computer rf johnston proc .  
a brief survey of web data extraction tools ahf laender ba ribeiro-neto js teixeira sigmod record 2002.0 
epstein-barr virus gene expression in oral hairy leukoplakia r lau j middeldorp pj farrell virology-new york - 1993.0 
two continuums collide : accreditation and assessment jl ratcliff es lubinescu ma gaffney new directions for higher education 2001.0 
measuring the accuracy of the infrared tympanic thermometer : correlation does not signify agreement m yaron sr lowenstein j koziol-mclain journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
parity striping of disc arrays j gray b horst m walkter proceedings of vldb  
curry c and thompson bj 1963 j clift phil . mag  
a. and rudd jb 1932 va bailey phil . mag  
daytona r greer proceedings of the sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
information appliances : from web phones to smart refrigerators l goldberg electronic  
autocad 12 makros und menã 1/4 s : individuelle anpassungen . te-wi-verlag 1993 jl brittain go head at schaefer   
agent-based modellingâ ?? intelligent customer relationship management n baxter d collings i adjali bt technology journal 2003.0 
are you ready for â ?? trustâ ?? economy pgw keen computerworld  
validating a method to infer learning processes from usersâ ?? clickstream data using bayesian g chung jo kim lf de vries ch phan unpublished manuscript  
retention of urethrovesical foreign bodies : case report and literature review p walsh m moustafa journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
atm over adsl probe in telecom italia environment s milanovic a maglianella computer networks 2000.0 
the media gateway architecture : a prototype for active services e amir s mccanne r katz proceedings of acm  
the comparative efficiency of small-firm bankruptcies : a study of the us and finnish bankruptcy sa ravid s sundgren financial management 1998.0 
construction of bent functions via niho power functions h dobbertin g leander a canteaut c carlet p   
pub . l. rev. 185 ( 1992 ) . 19 . 29 uscâ § 793 ; 41 cfrâ § 60â ?? 741.1 ( 2000 ) . 20 u st louis   
improving smart card security using self-timed circuits s moore r anderson p cunningham r mullins g proceedings async 2002.0 
virtual showcases-presenting european cultural heritage j voskamp s mader proceedings of acm siggraph  
ski : a semantics-knowledgeable interface r king s melville vldb 1984.0 
random access file organization for indirectly accessed records ca olsen proceedings 1969 acm 24th national  
analyzing quantitative databases : image is everything a amir r kashi ns netanyahu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
safe stratified datalog with integer order programs pz revesz   
r. rakhlin a. and verri a. : 2001 â ?? t poggio sr mukherjee bâ ?? . technical report ai memo 2001-011 massachusetts institute  
twisted orbifold k-theory preprint math a adem y ruan   
sleep deprivation : effects on work capacity self-paced walking contractile properties and cd rodgers dh paterson da cunningham eg noble sleep-new york - 1995.0 
modelling the competence of case-bases b smyth e mckenna lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
theta functions on riemann surfaces jd fay  1973.0 
a model of the boundary between theâ ?? x and z growth sectors in synthetic quartz dy parpia phil . mag  
thin-lm electroluminescent displays : device characteristics and performance '' pm alt proc . sid  
testing a walkthrough methodology for theory-based design of walk-up-and-use interfaces c lewis p polson c wharton j rieman proceedings of chi 1990.0 
an event/trigger mechanism to enforce complex consistency constraints in design databases kr dittrich am kotz sigmod record 1986.0 
implementation of impure surrogates . very large data bases sm deen international conference on very large data bases  
data link-control performance : results comparing hdlc operational modes w bux k kuemmerle hl truong computer networks  
mesh optimization h hugues t derose t duchampâ ? ¦  1992.0 
program development by transformations applied to relational database queries vw setzer vldb 1979.0 
itâ ?? s the customer stupidâ ?? â ?? s roberts-witt pc magazine/internet business  
liveness verification of discrete-event systems modeled by n-safe petri nets kx he md lemmon proc . of the 21st int . conf . on application and theory of & hellip ;  
datasplash c olston a woodruff a aiken m chu v ercegovac sigmod conference 1998.0 
propriete de helly et problemes de representation p duchet proc . int . coll . cnrs  
behavioral indicators of customer satisfaction with vendor-provided information services rl heckman wr king proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0 
calculated vertical cutoff rigidities for the int . space station during magnetically quiet times df smart ma shea eo flã 1/4 ckiger proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf  
black 19 . j. ( 1953 ) k robinson phil . mag  
the montage extensible datablade m ubell proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
a computer model of the human arm to study the control of fes-assisted reaching r davoodi ge loeb proceedings of the 24th annual international conference of & hellip ; 2002.0 
empire state college : can there be an experimenting college ? . j lindquist new directions for higher education 1976.0 
interpreting uml-statecharts in a modalâµ-calculus j broersen r wieringa unpublished manuscript  
mocha : a self-extensible database middleware system for distributed data sources mr martinez n roussopoulos acm sigmod international conference on management of data  
draft-east king county ground water management plan : king county department of natural resources k county seattle washington  
nmr-relaxation time measurements of noble gas isotope xe-129 dissolved in isotropic and anisotropic k oikarinen j jokisaari proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
implications of pickup ion reflection at the quasi-perpendicular termination shock for the shock ja le roux h fichtner gp zank proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf. salt lake city 1999.0 
pitz-paal r. price h. trough integration into power plants-a study on the performance and economy of j dersch m geyer u herrmann sa jones b kelly solarpaces international symposium zurich switzerland  
trustee-based tracing extensions to anonymous cash and the making of anonymous change ; 6th acm-siam e brickell p gemmell d kravitz  1995.0 
student-centered instruction for the design of telecourses mw egan gs gibb new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
university of washington vi learning seattle  
text to hypertext : can clustering solve the problem in digital libraries rb kellogg m subhas proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
improving instruction-level parallelism by loop unrolling and dynamic memory jw davidson s jinturakar proc . 28th annu . int . symp  
bounds on the efficiency of a classification procedure h chernoff  1967.0 
qbi : query by icons . acms anthology p edition   
membership algorithms for multicast communication groups y amir d dolev s kramer d malki lecture notes in computer science 1992.0 
consistent hashing and random trees : distributed cashing protocols for relieving hot spots on the d kargerâ ? ¦ proc . acm  
nebulized naloxone gently and effectively reverses methadone intoxication mb mycyk al szyszko se aks journal of emergency medicine 2003.0 
survey research and political socialization mk jennings santa barbara : university of california  
serotonin ~ 1 ~ b receptor activation mimics behavioral effects of presynaptic serotonin release nl rempel cw callaway ma geyer neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
analyzing the financial state of colleges and universities . c frances aj stenner new directions for higher education 1979.0 
lactoferrin : goat cdna characterization and assignment of the relevant locus to bovine u12 synteny f le provost m nocart g gu6rin p martin  1994.0 
view adaptation in the fragment-based approach fb approach ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
programmerâ ?? s reference ole ole microsoft corporation  
competitive strategies for electronic marketplaces drt kollmann electronic markets 2000.0 
an effective tableau system for the linear timeâµ-calculus jc bradfield j esparza a mader proceedings of the 23rd international colloquium on automata & hellip ; 1996.0 
a calculation of the expansion coefficient of germanium a bienenstock phil . mag  
analogue vlsiâ ?? integrate-and-fireâ ?? neuron with frequency adaptation sr schultz ma jabri electronic letters 1995.0 
antibiotics for acute bronchitis l becker r glazier w mcisaac j smucny cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
efficiency of preventive treatment for osteoporosis after renal transplantation a ugur n guvener i isiklar h karakayali r transplant proc 2000.0 
ppargamma ligands increase expression and plasma concentrations of adiponectin an adipose-derived n maeda m takahashi t funahashi s kihara h diabetes-new york - 2001.0 
broadcast anti-jamming systems y desmedt r safavi-naini h wang lm batten c computer networks 2001.0 
compact b-trees al rosenberg l snyder proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
field measurements of residual strain in granitic rock masses hs swolfs j handin hr pratt see price  
understanding intranets t greer  1998.0 
neftekhimiya ai akhmedov am levshina za sadykhov no . i  
guidelines for bank stabilization projects in riverine environments of king county king county aw johnson jm stypula seattle washington  
testing a walkthrough methodology for theory-based design of walk-up-and-use interfaces 1990 c lewis p polson c wharton j rieman proceedings of acm chi â ?? 90 seattle  
the medusa project : autonomous data management in a shared-nothing parallel database machine gm bryan we moore bj curry kw lodge j geyer proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1994.0 
artificial neural networks in process engineering mj willis c di massimo ga montague mt tham aj & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1991.0 
j. batter in p. kilpatrick . project grope-haptic displays for scientific visualization f brooks m ouh-young proceedings of acm  
safe stratified datalog with integer order does not have syntax ap stolboushkin ma taitslin acm transactions on database systems 1998.0 
regulation of ucp1 and ucp2 gene expression by dietary conjugated linoleic acid ( cla ) in zucker cp portocarrero de bauman dm barbano jr zierath san diego  
what do i know about language learning ? the story of the beginning teacher j brown j mcgannon proceedings of the 23rd alaa ( australian linguistics & hellip ;  
time - and space-optimality in b-trees al rosenberg l snyder acm transactions on database systems 1981.0 
changes in the surface heat transfer coefficient during meat thawing sj james c bailey proc 28th eur meeting meat res workers madrid  
history and focus c work ieee  
cycle filling as parallelization with expansion law y takayama submitted to publication  
distributed linear hashing and parallel projection in main memory databases s pramanik c severance p wolberg proceedings of the conference on very large databases  
aries/im : an efficient and high concurrency index management method using write-ahead c mohan f levine  1989.0 
systeme de stereovision pour la detection dâ ?? obstacles et de vehicule temps reel g toulminet a bensrhair s mousset a broggi p procs . 18th symposium  
packet fragmentation in inter-network protokols jf shoch computer networks  
single-molecule optoelectronics . th lee ji gonzalez j zheng rm dickson acc . chem . res 2005.0 
the notion of active ob ject-oriented databases s reich   
on the support of dependencies in relational databases : strong approximate dependencies i blanco m martãn - bautista d sã ¡ nchez m vila data mining and knowledge discovery submitted for & hellip ;  
functions in databases mh graham acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
autoregulation of subtilin biosynthesis : identification of conserved pentanucleotide direct repeats m kleerebezem r bongers g rutten wm de vos op submitted for publication  
on b-trees : routing schemes and concurrency ys kwong d wood   
the semantics-knowledgeable interface r king s melville proceedings of the conference on very large databases  
link-based and content-based evidential information retrieval in a belief network model i silva b ribeiro-neto pp calado es moura n proceedings of the 23rd annual acm sigir conference on & hellip ;  
j h. g. hernandez m. lalovic t. pell and ig rose '' satellite-a new opportunity for broadband a fidler bt technology journal  
testing a distributed system : generating minimal synchronised test sequences that detect output - rm hierons information & software technology 2001.0 
the context interchange approach to semantic interoperability ch goh s bressan se madnick md siegel proc . acm sigmod int . conf on management of  
teacherâ ?? student confrontations j hocker new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
weak scattering in random media with applications to remote probing rw lee jc harp proc . ieee  
nuclear relaxation and electronic correlations in quasi-one-dimensional organic conductors . i. c bourbonnais j. phys . i france 1993.0 
academic press : new york 1982 . ( c ) knowles rb morin m gorman j. acc . chem . res  
multiple-dose activated charcoal : a review of relevant clinical studies s bradberry j vale journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
algorithm and performance evaluation of adaptive multidimensional clustering technique s fushimi m kitsuregawa m nakayama h tanaka t proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1985.0 
requirements definitions and notations for spatiotemporal application environments d pfoser n tryfona   
micro installation requires careful planning . d neibaur computerworld. 1983.0 
the arm10 family of advanced embedded microprocessor cores s hill procs . of hot chips  
hot block clustering for disk arrays with dynamic striping k mogi m kitsuregawa proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
social science advising g geis tl huston new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
cicero : epistulae ad familiares dr shackleton bailey vol .  
faster ram tackles data and marketplace bottlenecks ld paulson   
canonical abstraction for outerjoin optimization j rao h pirahesh c zuzarte proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
efficiency in parallel computation : algorithms emulations and vlsi pins university of maryland at kj rappoport md  
selecting managers for foreign assignments y zeira m banai management decision  
latex-safe emergency cart products list ml bernstein journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
rapid development : taming wild software schedules s mcconnell   
a new hazard of cornstarch an absorbable dusting powder cm ruhl jh urbancic pa foresman mj cox gt journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
the environmental evidence wjb mckenna excavations at  
how to hide zinc in a small protein ca blindauer pj sandler acc . chem . res 2005.0 
bounds for smoothness of refinable functions february 2004 h thielemann   
new feature for module protection in simula j palme acm sigplan notices 1976.0 
properties and genetic regulation of tetrahymena galactokinase je lavine  1980.0 
java is hot hot hot c babcok computerworld  
updating derived relations : detecting irrelevant and autonomously computable updates ja blakeley n coburn pv larson acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
concurrency control of nested transactions accessing b-trees a fu t kameda proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1989.0 
education for motherhood : advice for mothers in twentieth-century canada ( toronto : university of k arnup   
reducing system fragmentation in dynamically partitionable mesh-connected architectures j srisawat na alexandridis procs . of intâ ?? l conf . on parallel and distributed  
amnesia : a minimal model and an interpretation a baddeley see cermak  
re-designing distance functions and distance-based applications for high dimensional applications cc aggarwal proc . of sigmod-pods  
a short questionnaire to assess motion sickness susceptibility ( mssq-short ) : normative values jf golding proceedings of the xxxvii symposium international dâ ?? & hellip ;  
higher order asymptotic expansion for a functional of a mixing process with applications to y sakamoto n yoshida unpublished manuscript  
a conic programming approach to generalized tchebyche inequalities '' l zuluaga jf pena submitted for publication 2003.0 
neutron-capture gamma-ray activation analysis . design of apparatus for trace analysis . sm lombard tl isenhour ph heintz gl woodruff  1968.0 
the varicella-zoster virus immediate-early 62 promoter contains a negative regulatory element that h moriuchi m moriuchi ji cohen virology-new york - 1995.0 
dw coehran and fm shell e wenkert js bindra cj chang dw cochran fm acc . chem . res  
continuation of hermitian positive definite functions and related questions mg krein h langer unpublished  
putting things together coherently : logic and justice er house new directions for program evaluation 1995.0 
optimising query evaluation with quotient databases . advances in databases and information systems s link tt jm 7th east european conference adbis  
topaz : a cost-based rule-driven multi-phase parallelizer c nippl b mitschang  1998.0 
the slow evolution of electronic publishing am odlyzko   
splendor and colour/by suzanne held and louis frederic si held bombay : india books  
portfolio analysis-managing software as an asset g verdugo & hellip ; of international conference software maintenance  
database research at the university of oklahoma l brown r dirckze s guinepain c sanchez b acm sigmod record 1999.0 
direct and intuitive input device for 3-d shape deformation t murakami n nakajima   
aries/kvl : a key-value locking method for concurrency control of multiaction transactions on b-tree c mohan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
an improved correlation for predicting two-phase flow boiling heat transfer coefficient in sg kandlikar 21 stnational heat transfer conference seattle washington & hellip ;  
the task and ego orientation in sport questionnaire : psychometric properties jl duda jg nicholls unpublished manuscript  
et tu xml ? the downfall of the relational empire ( abstract ) p wadler proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
model based halftoning using direct binary search m analoui jp allebach proc . spie 1992.0 
atmospheric parameterization schemes in meteo-franceâ ?? s arpege nwp model jf geleyn e bazile p bougeault m dã © quã © v ecmwf seminar procs.â ?? parameterization of subgridscale & hellip ;  
tailoring the recommendation of tourist information to heterogeneous user groups l ardissono a goy g petrone m segnan p torasso lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
acquiring self-knowledge : the search for feedback that fits wb swann sj read journal of personality and social psychology  
global electronic markets and global traditional markets j guo c sun electronic markets 2004.0 
curry : a truly functional logic language m hanus h kuchen   
the implementation of germ an entity-relationship data base management system rl benneworth cd bishop cjm turnbull wd holman vldb 1981.0 
dynamic choice and asset marketsacademic press s altug p labadie san diego  
ap 4 a and other dinucleoside polyphosphates ag mclennan  1992.0 
assessing it competence in business managers g bassellier bh reich i benbasat   
andronsacks-davis . anecientindexingtechniqueforfull-text database systems am justinzobel proceedings of 18th international conference on very large & hellip ;  
radiolabel-transfer cross-linking demonstrates that protein 4.1 binds to the n-terminal region of ps becker   
speech synthesis by rule using an optimal selection of non-uniform synthesis units y sagisaka   
probing guanine structure in nucleic acid folding using nickel complexes cj burrows se rokita acc . chem . res  
acoustic profiles in vocal emotion expression r banse kr scherer journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
the activation approach in dutch and belgian social policies r van berkel j de schampheleire journal of european area studies 2001.0 
energy transfer and excimer formation in rare gas solids wf scott ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1984.0 
van jacobson . on estimating end-to-end network path properties m allman proceedings of acm  
xywrite 4.0 : essential upgrade for loyalists e mendelson pc magazine 1993.0 
a discussion of the molecular mechanisms of moisture transport in epoxy resins cl soles af yee   
analyzing data with graphpad prism graphpad software inc hj motulski san diego ca  
one hundred days in an activity-centric collaboration environment m muller w geyer b brownholtz e wilcox dr proc . acm sigchi vienna austria  
utility of a single beta hcg measurement to evaluate for absence of ectopic pregnancy-prospective ka marill te ingmire bk nelson journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
distributed decision support systems : a perspective eb swanson proceedings of the 24th annual hawaii international & hellip ; 1990.0 
computer science and statistics cj geyer proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface edited  
behavioral audiogram and masked thresholds of the megachiropteran echolocating bat rousettus ra suthers ca summers journal of comparative physiology a : sensory neural and & hellip ; 1980.0 
technical and strategic human resource management effectiveness as determinants of firm performance ma huselid se jackson rs schuler the academy of management journal 1997.0 
adaptive solutions for dynamic markets m calisti agentlink technology conference zurich switzerland  
a componentized architecture for dynamic electronic markets . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
reproductive biology of black bears in east-central ontario gb kolenosky international conference on bear research and management  
induction of heterotypic neutralizing antibodies by rotavirus-like particles se crawford mk estes m ciarlet c barone cm o submitted for  
quickly generating billion-record synthetic databases p sundaresan k baclawski s englert j gray   
ir evaluation methods for retrieving highly relevant documents portal.acm.org   
air synthetic force development e harvey p feldmann position paper engineering demonstration  
antibiotics for prolonged moist cough in children jm marchant p morris j gaffney ab chang cochrane database syst rev 2005.0 
public opinion and the spanish-american war ; a study in war propaganda . mm wilkerson  1932.0 
carbon : electrochemical and physicochemical properties k kinoshita  1988.0 
non-uniform spatial sampling in eeg source localization cg bã © nar j gotman proceedings of the 23rd international conference of the ieee & hellip ;  
click : modular flexible and efficient pc routers [ z ] b chen e kohler m poletto   
letâ ?? s eavesdrop on managers . s marx t gary computerworld  
convergence of a neural network classier js baras a la vigna proc . 29th ieee conf . on decision and  
query-by-example : the invocation and definition of tables and forms : in douglas s. kerr editor m zloof proceedings on the international conference on very large  
voluntary national content standards in economics : 20 enduring concepts and benchmarks for l engstrom b meszaros social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
aries/kvl : a key-value locking method for concurrency control of multiaction transactions operating c mohan vldb 1990.0 
quick studyâ ?? smart cards : standards are the next frontier for smart cards ks nash computerworld  
executing pascal programs on a prolog architecture g chen mh williams information and software technology 1987.0 
understanding the performance of many tcp flows l qiu y zhang s keshav computer networks 2001.0 
water safety j lassman journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
a global unique persistent object id for geospatial information sharing in interoperating geographic ya bishr zurich switzerland . springer-verlag .  
epidemiology and zoonotic aspects of microsporidia of mammals and birds p deplazes a mathis r weber contributions to microbiology 2000.0 
intra-specific variation in rhinichtys c. cataractae ( valenciennes ) and rhinichthys atratulus gc becker  1962.0 
xcerpt and visxcerpt : from pattern-based to visual querying of xml and semistructured data f bry s berger s schaffert proceedings of the 29 thintl . conference on very large & hellip ;  
two-dimensional echocardiogram in hemodynamically stable victims of penetrating precordial trauma . m aaland f bryan r sherman journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
surface plasmons on smooth and rough surfaces and on gratings h raether  1988.0 
leveraging collective knowledge h kon m hoey proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
on the crispations of a fluid resting upon a vibrating support l rayleigh phil . mag  
performance in planningâ ?? smart systems for the access network de asumu j mellis bt technology journal 1998.0 
alias : an active learning led interactive deduplication system s sarawagi a bhamidipaty a kirpal c mouli vldb 2002.0 
atlanto-occipital dislocation : an unusual lethal airbag injury h bailey n perez c blank-reid lj kaplan journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
what do women want ? facialmetric assessment of multiple motives in the perception of male facial mr cunningham ap barbee cl pike journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
bacterial biogeochemistry : the ecophysiology of mineral cycling : : academic press t fenchel gm king th blackburn san diego  
ten key it challenges for the next 20 years d moschella computerworld  
synchronous reproduction by maine black bears cr mclaughlin gj matula rj oâ ?? conner international conference of bear research and management  
on some metrics for databases or what is a very large database ? r gerritsen h morgan m zisman acm sigmod record 1977.0 
round efficiency of multi-party computation with a dishonest majority j katz r ostrovsky a smith lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
the empire filters back : consumption production and the politics of starbucks coffee md smith urban geography  
dispersal of citrus canker bacteria in droplets and prevention with windbreaks m koizumi e kimijima t tsukamoto m togawa s proc . int . soc . citricult  
singhv ( 1997 ) a one-pass algorithm accurately estimating quantiles for disk-resident data k alsabti s ranka proceedings of the 23rd conference on very large databases & hellip ;  
how may i help you ? al gorin g riccardi jh wright nato asi series f computer and systems sciences 1999.0 
mocha : a self-extensible middleware system for distributed data sources m rodriguez-martinez n roussopoulos proc . acm sigmod  
electronic data interchange : a total management guide ma emmelhainz   
a research status report on adaptation for mobile data acess bd nobel m satyanarayanan sigmod record  
analysis of dynamic congestion control protocols : a fokker-plank approach a mukherjee jc strikwerda proc . acm sigcomm  
samsara-honor among thieves in p2p storage lp cox bd noble proc . of acm sosp  
the montage extensible datablade architecture m ubell proc . sigmod intl. conf . on management of data 1994.0 
pbir-perception-based image retrieval e chang   
the federal face of voting : are elected officials held accountable for the functions relevant to k arceneaux unpublished manuscript 2004.0 
directions in functional programming for real ( - time ) applications w taha p hudak z wan lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
documentation for the gamit gps software analysis release 10 : massachusetts institute of technology rw king y bock san diego  
calcium channel blockers for inhibiting preterm labour jf king vj flenady dn papatsonis ga dekker b cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
toward the semantic geospatial web mj egenhofer   
graefe 1993 : ja blakeley wj mckenna and g. graefe experiences building the open oodb query mk blakeley proc . acm sigmod  
on the nature and function of emotion : a component process approach kr scherer approaches to emotion  
research to improve subyearling chinook fish guiding efficiency at mcnary dam-1986 . nmfs/noaa ga swan wt norman  1987.0 
catalog management in websphere commerce suite t maguire   
properties of r plasmids in pseudomonas aeruginosa ga jacoby see ref  
national health insurance in poland : a coach without horses ? ( visited jan. 20 2000 ) < http://www . p berman pdf >  
pitfalls in ecto-5â ? ² - nucleotidase enzyme cytochemistry as demonstrated by the immunogold-labelling em cramer z werb df bainton the histochemical journal 1988.0 
db-prism : integrated data warehouses and knowledge networks for bank controlling e schaefer jd becker proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
superimposition : a component adaptation technique j bosch   
a test suite for programming by demonstration r potter d maulsby   
infinitary control flow analysis : a collecting semantics for closure analysis f nielson hr nielson proceedings of the 24th acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ; 1997.0 
amalgam : a machine-learned generation module m gamon e ringger s corston-oliver   
implementing pbl in a large class and as part of a conventional program dr woods new directions in teaching and learning â ?? l. wilkerson and & hellip ;  
und schek h.-j. : web service composition with oâ ?? grape and osiris r weber c schuler p neukomm h schuldt proceedings of the 29th international conference on very  
a neuroeconomics approach to measuring human loss functions kp kã ¶ rding i fukunaga d wolpert  2004.0 
splus reference manual ra becker jm chambers ar wilks  1991.0 
heterocyclic amines in cooked foods : possible human carcinogens sr tannenbaum wg stillwell h ji pl skipper mc proceedings of the 23rd international symposium of the  
spectral theory for non-quasianalytic representations of locally compact abelian groups '' monograph sz huang   
whose power is it anyway ? pm hughes g cosier bt technology journal 2001.0 
acoustic methods for the remote probing of the lower atmosphere cg little proc . ieee  
efficiency of the si engine fuelled with methanol-gasoline blends a kowalewicz proceedings-institution of mechanical engineers part d & hellip ; 1994.0 
what is a customer ? the beginnings of a reference ontology for customer c partridge & hellip ; oopsla workshop on behavioral semantics seattle washington & hellip ;  
analysis of the performance of subcarrier multiplexed ( scm ) optical systems s betti e bravi m giaconi computer networks 2000.0 
entity-relationship approach to the conceptual schema design h sakai proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1980.0 
systematic synthesis of analogue circuitsâ ?? part iii : all-transistor circuit synthesis dg haigh fq tan c papavassiliou procs 2004 ieee international symposium on circuits and & hellip ;  
end-to-end packet delay and loss behavior in the internet b jean-chrysostome proceedings of acm sigcomm  
distribution of chemical contaminants in wild fish species in the washington dc area . icprb report # dj velinsky jc cummins md  
public displays of connection j donath d boyd bt technology journal 2004.0 
compiling with reflections a sabry p wadler proceedings of the 1996 acm sigplan international conference & hellip ;  
social dominance orientation : a personality variable relevant to social roles and intergroup f pratto j sidanius lm stallworth bf malle journal of personality and social psychology  
critical business decisions for internet services j bailey l mcknight h sharifi   
for image retrieval e chang s tong   
a new mammalian period gene predominantly expressed in the suprachiasmatic nucleus t takumi c matsubara y shigeyoshi k taguchi k genes to cells 1998.0 
database research at the university of oklahoma . acms anthology sigmod record 1999.0 
the prevalence of affective and other disorders among older adolescents pm lewinsohn h hops re roberts jr seeley submitted for publication  
an architecture for integrated public service delivery based on life-events e tambouris electronic markets 2002.0 
helping learners take responsibility for self-directed activities r hiemstra new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
geographic applications development : models and tools for the abstract level '' n tryfona t hadzilacos proc . of  
the restructuring of geographical scale : coalescence and fragmentation of the northern core region n smith w dennis economic geography 1987.0 
never confuse efficiency with a liver complaint i ayres wisconsin law review 1997.0 
life science research and data managementâ ?? what can they give each other ? a gupta sigmod record 2004.0 
on the iterative solution of the large-scale bem industrial problems ve bulgakov m merkel ra bialecki g kuhn   
discussion paper no. 123institutional change and american economic growth : a first step towards a dc north l davis  1969.0 
national and eu budgetary rules and procedures : an evolving interaction j fischer & hellip ; rules proceedings of the banca dâ ?? italia workshop on & hellip ;  
grading inquiry projects b busching new directions for teaching and learning 1998.0 
iodine-129 distribution and retention during evaporation of mllw solutions . 21st doe/nrc nuclear air j amend v motoi fj herrmann j furrer san diego  
the effects of ethanol on human sleep eeg power spectra differ from those of benzodiazepine receptor dj dijk dp brunner d aeschbach i tobler neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1992.0 
linear hashing with overflow-handling by linear probing pa larson acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
an application level video gateway e amir s mccanne h zhang proc . of acm  
retrieving and transferring embodied data : implications for the management of interdependence within a king management science 1999.0 
views : a way for pattern matching to cohabit with data abstraction p wadler proceedings of the 14th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ; 1987.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ the entity-relationship model towards a united view of dataã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents p chen acm trans . database  
d5 hume-rothery w. ( 1948 ) . j. inst . met . 74 315 . black pj ( 1955 ) hj axon phil .  
minimal surfaces u dierkesâ ? ¦  1992.0 
switchlets and dynamic virtual atm networks proccedingâ ?? s imâ ?? 97 je van der merwe i leslie san diego  
walking through a very large virtual environment in real-time . 27th int l shou j chionh z huang y ruan kl tan conf . on very large data bases  
minorities and women and honors education . mla harvey new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
the lived experience of minnesota secondary school library media specialists in an era of me kelsey  2004.0 
the geography of disaster vulnerability in megacities . a theoretical framework ji uitto applied geography 1998.0 
vertical and horizontal percentage aggregations c ordonez proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
vehicle simulation program : a tool to evaluate hybrid power management strategies based on an j van mierlo g maggetto proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
an empirical comparison of b-trees compact b-trees and multiway trees dm arnow acm sigmod record 1984.0 
nd.â ?? francis bacon and the new empire of knowledge.â ?? harvard university department of m girard unpublished  
context interchange : sharing the meaning of data e madnick m siegel sigmod record  
dcom activex and corba must live together m dolgicer p fischer application development trends 1997.0 
maybe programmers should work at home . e yourdon computerworld. 1982.0 
electrical properties of the epidermal stratum corneum t yamamoto y yamamoto iyodenshi to seitai kogaku 1973.0 
teaching by telephone ch olgren new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
problem-based learning in leadership education em bridges p hallinger new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
chemicalâ ® fingerprinting and in vitro toxicological profiling for the safety evaluation of h noteborn a lommen jm weseman rcm van der jagt report of the demonstration programme on food safety & hellip ; 1998.0 
histochemical and immunohistochemical properties of skeletal muscle fibres fromrana andxenopus am rowlerson nc spurway the histochemical journal 1988.0 
on system designs for distributed extensible framework for network monitoring and control h li s yang js baras & hellip ; to ifip/ieee international conference on management of & hellip ;  
electronic markets in hong kong 's air cargo community : thanks but no thanks j damsgaard electronic markets 1998.0 
plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 deficiency does not influence the outcome of murine aw rijneveld s florquin p bresser m levi r   
developing scholarly teaching and the scholarship of teaching and learning through faculty learning l richlin md cox new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
enriching the curriculum through competitions fa karnes tl riley social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
a probabilistic approach to metasearching with adaptive probing zlclj cho ww chu data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
infomediary j king computerworld  
paup p : phylogenetic analysis using parsimony and other methods sinauer sunderland dl swofford md  
a reservation protocol for broadcast wdm networks and stability analysis v sivaraman gn rouskas computer networks 2000.0 
contracting in the days of ebusiness w huemmer w lehner h wedekind sigmod record 2002.0 
active x and ole d chappell  1996.0 
walking through a very large virtual environment in real-time l shou j chionh z huang y ruan kl tan proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
industrial organization : contemporary theory and practice i south-western college publishing l pepall g norman d richards  2001.0 
source machine learning archive d aha s mahadevan re schapire j shavlik r machine learning 2001.0 
filament organization and dense bodies in vertebrate smooth muscle av somlyo ft ashton lf lemanski j vallieres ap see ref  
on certain curious motions observable at the surfaces of wine and other alcoholic liquors j thomson phil . mag  
contracting for high school and beyond pa sebring cd carroll new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 
back to processes pgw keen computerworld  
an application level video gateway e amir s mccanne h zhang   
a high-level interactive language for numerical computations jw eaton gnuo manual   
k-svcr . a multi-class support vector machine c angulo a catala lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
resilience-recovery factors in post-traumatic stress disorder among female and male vietnam veterans la king dw king ja fairbank tm keane ga adams journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
an o ( n log n ) algorithm for rectilinear minimal spanning trees fk hwang journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1979.0 
the ethics of student-faculty friendships rl bakerâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
draftâ ?? bellevue smart traveler phase 2 m haselkorn e jacobson  1994.0 
tourism for tomorrow : singapore looks to the future wf hornby em fyfe geography  
adept : an agent-based approach to business process management . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
comparison of a mitochondrial gene and a corresponding nuclear pseudogene p arctander proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
deriving requirements from process models via the problem frames approach k cox k phalp sj bleistein j verner information and software technology  
attribution of responsibility to the self and other in children and adults fd fincham jm jaspars journal of personality and social psychology  
nuclear power in a world of deregulated energy markets sw kidd & hellip ; 24th annual international conference of the international & hellip ;  
end e. fernandez.â ?? a programming lenguage for access to a shared data base â ?? r summers c coleman proc . acm  
game trails in british columbia ab williams  1925.0 
suppression of nf-kappab-dependent gene expression by a hexamethylene bisacetamide-inducible protein r ouchida m kusuhara n shimizu t hisada y genes to cells 2003.0 
design & tools to augment collaborative learning in computerized conferencing systems l harasim proceedings of the 24th annual hawaii international  
research and productsâ ?? are they relevant to each other ? ( panel session ) h edelstein proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1995.0 
mansons tropical diseases . 1996 20 ed gc cook   
conoise : agent-based formation of virtual organisations tj norman a preece s chalmers nr jennings m   
using information technology to create communities of learners k kruger new directions for higher education 2000.0 
hot spot on the russian craton and the volga-kamaâ ?? s plumeâ ?? av gusev nk petrova proc . int . conf.â ?? geomphys iv  
should social studies teachers become nationally certified ? a lockledge np gallavan social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
an application of interference microscopy to integrated circuit inspection and metrology m davidson k kaufman i mazor f cohen proc . spie  
the ohio state infrared imager/spectrometer ( osiris ) dl depoy b atwood p byard j frogel toâ ?? brien proceedings spie 1993.0 
road and trail influences on grizzly bears and black bears in northwest montana wf kasworm tl manley international conference on bear research and management  
session key distribution using smart cards v shoup a rubin lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
oestrogen supplementation mainly diethylstilbestrol for preventing miscarriages and other adverse aa bamigboye j morris cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
statistical learning : well-posedness is necessary and sufficient for consistency of empirical risk s mukherjee p niyogi t poggio r rifkin technical report 223 cbcl massachusetts institute of  
advances in databases and information systems : report of 5 theast european conference adbis ' 2001 a caplinskas j eder o vasilecas acm sigmod record 2002.0 
full text pdf format pdf ( 424 kb ) source acm sigmod record archive c olston a woodruff a aiken m chu v ercegovac acm sigmod record 1998.0 
self-determination and persistence in a real-life setting : toward a motivational model of high rj vallerand ms fortier f guay journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ the entity-relationship model : toward a unified view of dataã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents c pp acm trans . on database systems  
wafer scale integration using rvlsi ah anderson ji raffel pw wyatt ieee computer  
the first noble truth of cyberspace : people are people ( even when they moo ) dj schiano s white   
a scalable and emcient optimistic algorithm for parallel discrete-event simulation s prasad procs . simtec . orlando fl ( oct. )  
robotic attentive sensing and its application to integrated circuit wafer inspection mj barth  1991.0 
on the oscillations solutions of parabolic differential equations of neutral type sz lin yh yu  1996.0 
using adaptive multi-agent systems to simulate economic models z guessoum l rejeb r durand   
assessment of children ( 3nd ed jm sattler  1988.0 
on the coefficient of sound-absorption measured by the reverberation method et paris phil . mag  
not so different after all : a cross-discipline view of trust dm rousseau sb sitkin rs burt c camerer academy of management review 1998.0 
do not zero-pute : an efficient homespun mpeg-audio layer ii decoding and optimization strategy p de smet f rooms w philips   
a bluetooth-based sensor network with web interface p ferrari a flammini d marioli e sisinni a ieee transactions on instrumentation and measurement 2005.0 
a. da silva c. redder g. gasparriy and l. rukhovets 1997 : maximum-likelihood estimation of d dee   
hemodynamic and other determinant in development of left ventricular hypertrophy ed frohlich  1983.0 
mocha : a database middleware systems featuring automatic deployment of application-specific m rodrãguez - martãnez n roussopoulos jm mcgann acm sigmod record 2000.0 
the cycle of fragmentation and sprawl : a conceptual framework and empirical model gf ulfarsson ji carruthers   
concurrent and resettable zero-knowledge in poly-logarithmic rounds j kilian e petrank   
control layer primitives for the layered multimedia data model mj wynblatt ga schloss proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
self-organizing data sharing communities with sagres : system demonstration z ives a levy j madhavan r pottinger s saroiu proc . of sigmod page  
index access with a finite buer gm sacco 13th international conference on very large data  
extending the entity-relational model to capture spatial semantics t hadzilacos n tryfona sigmod record  
quasi-phonemic contrasts in spanish ji hualde   
part two : should adult and continuing education strive for professionalization ? . m collins rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
human resource development practitioners should strive for certification ad ellinger new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
1 . p. vlahavas a non-uniform data fragmentation strategy for parallel main-menory database systems n bassiliades proc .  
common-sense theory formation : towards understanding baseball em soloway em riseman & hellip ; of massachusetts coins technical report 75c-5 amherst  
â ?? real time surveillance in multiple non-overlapping cameras o javed z rasheed o alatas a hakeem m shah demonstration in cvpr  
the university of miami . et footeâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education 1988.0 
measurement of low yield neutron pulses from dâ ?? d fusion reactions using a 3 he proportional j moreno l birstein re mayer p silva l soto  2003.0 
be silva critical point theorems and applications to differential equations ea de ph-d thesis wisconsin university  
synthetic pet imaging for grasping : from primate neurophysiology to human behavior ma arbib ah fagg st grafton submitted for publication 2000.0 
interpreting functional languages in interaction nets l huang procs of icycs pages  
staff development : addressing issues of race and gender . dd amstutz new directions for adult and continuing education 1994.0 
reynolds number effects on a turbulent boundary layer with separation reattachment s song jk eaton  2002.0 
taxonomy and classification of human astrocytic gliomas on the basisof gene expression s godard g getz h kobayashi p farmer m   
human walking williams and wilkins baltimore vt inman hj ralston f todd md  
sequenced inventory of communication development : test manual dl hedrick em prather ar tobin  1984.0 
impact of pretransplant hepatitis c antibody status upon long-term patient and renal allograft c ynares hk johnson t kerlin d crowe transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
sugar alcohols and diabetes : a review tms wolever fg building o toronto   
personality similarity in twin reared apart and together a tellegen dt lykken tj bouchandâ ? ¦  1988.0 
london 's housing c hamnett area-institute of british geographers 2001.0 
modeling and control of induction motors e delaleau jp louis r ortega   
fishes of wisconsin gc becker  2001.0 
acquisition of terminology knowledge using database design techniques cf eick pc lockemann proceedings acm sigmod conference austin usa  
online index rebuild n ponnekanti h kodavalla   
fas-induced dna fragmentation and proteolysis of nuclear proteins a kawahara m enari rv talanian ww wong s genes to cells 1998.0 
public displays of connection . donath judith and danah boyd j dona bt technology journal  
constructing end-to-end paths for playing media objects a nakao l peterson a bavier computer networks 2002.0 
mocha : a self-extensible middleware system for distributed data sources m rodrä ± guez-martä ± nez n roussopoulos proc . acmsigmod  
dissection of the vertebral arteries : case report and discussion j glauser om hastings m mervart ma volk journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
the air pilot 's manual volume 2 : aviation law and meteorology t thom  2002.0 
undergraduate research at the research universities ca merkel new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
limits to predictability m van geenhuizen h van zuylen p nijkamp proceedings of seminar d european transport conference  
supporting service level agreements on ip networks macmillan technical publishing d verma   
mocha : a self-extensible database middleware system for distributed data sources m rodrä ± guez-martä ± nez n roussopoulos proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 2000.0 
solar-thermal electric technology p de laquil iii d kearney m geyer r diver see ref  
keeping employees in the know d williams area development  
inside ole k brockschmidt  1993.0 
deleting completed transactions t hadzilacos m yannakakis proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
cohomologie et geometrie algebrique jp serre proc . int . cong . math. amsterdam  
a vision driven automatic assembly unit : pose determination from a single image m berger g bachler s scherer a pinz   
improved formulations for the uncapacitated multiple allocation hub location problem l canovas m landete a marä ± n submitted for  
performance simulation of an alpha microprocessor j edmonson m reilly ieee computer  
discovery of a perceptual distance function for measuring image similarity ble chang y wu proc . acm multimedia  
video2cartoon : generating 3d cartoon from broadcast soccer video d liang y liu q huang g zhu s jiang z zhang   
the impact of wages and school characteristics on teacher mobility and retention b scafidi d sjoquist t stinebrickner unpublished manuscript  
