immunogold labelling is a quantitative method as demonstrated by studies on aminopeptidase n in gh hansen   ll wetterberg   h sjã ¶ strã ¶ m   o norã © n the histochemical journal   1992.0 
multidimensional similarity structure analysis i borg   jc lingoes  1987.0 
classical topology and combinatorial group theory j stillwell  1995.0 
electrocardiographic manifestations : patterns that confound the ekg diagnosis of acute myocardial wj brady   tc chan   m pollack journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
a quantitative cytochemical assay for osteoclast acid phosphatase activity in foetal rat calvaria dm webber   ip braidman   wr robertson   dc anderson the histochemical journal   1988.0 
proposed air force guidelines for successfully supporting the intrinsic remediation ( natural th wiedemeier   jt wilson   dh kampbell   rn miller proceedings   1994 outdoor action conference   may 23-25   & hellip ;    
a value-added model for electronic commerce to ` daniel electronic markets    
svâ `` jeuxantiquesâ '' ve encarta  1993.0 
ethical decision making in organizations : a person-situation interactionist model lk trevino the academy of management review   1986.0 
a parallel scheme for test pattern generation a motohara   k nishimura   h fujiwara   i shirakawa proc . int . conf . computer-aided design    
link prediction approach to collaborative filtering z huang   x li   h chen   
querying imprecise data in moving object environments r cheng ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
the   l.-s.   & leising pa milne md    
mpegâ ?? 7 camera t ebrahimi   y abdeljaoued   rmf i ventura   od   
a university-industry association model for curriculum enhancement . m passer new directions for higher education   1984.0 
the social delegation cycle g boella   l van der torre lnai n. 3065 : procs . ofâ ?? eonâ ?? 04    
on the instability of cylindrical fluid surfaces l rayleigh phil . mag    
a pattern of vortexflow of continental crust and the environ mental geology in china l zonghua  1986.0 
aexible multicast routing protocol for group communication s aggarwal   s paul   d massey   d caldararu computer networks   2000.0 
manipulating complex objects m lacroix   m vanhoedenaghe acm press frontier series   1990.0 
rate-monotonic analysis for real-time industrial computing mh klein   jp lehoczky   r rajkumar   
er mapper user guide . 922 p er mapping san diego    
pp. 4-5 p assessment   
evolutionary algorithms v kvasnicka   j pospä ± chal   p tino slovak technical university   bratislava    
e-research : research on pay-per-use of broadband internet service bh lee electronic times    
components and recognition of facial expression in the communication of emotion by actors p gosselin   g kirouac   fy dore journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
selenium as an antiviral agent ma beck see ref    
preliminary concepts for participant observer ratings of community support programs c macias   gb teague  1992.0 
state is workers seek greener pastures p thibodeau   
diagnosis for wiring interconnects wt cheng   jl lewandowski   e wu   
full text pdf format pdf ( 244 kb ) source symposium on principles of database systems archive mj atallah   s prabhakar proceedings of the nineteenth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ;   2000.0 
simple : a methodology for programming high performance algorithms on clusters of symmetric da bader   j jã ¡ jã ¡ md    
the use of discrete observer theory to trim and stabilize periodic coefficient dynamic systems mh peters   pv bayly   da peters european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
formation of ganymede grooved terrain by sequential extensional episodes : implications of galileo gc collins   jw head   rt pappalardo icarus-new york -   1998.0 
the family of concurrent logic programming languages e shapiro acm computing surveys ( csur )   1989.0 
a study of virtual reality-a development of virtual space editor '' vis-edit '' - r kijima   m hirose procs . of the 7th human interface symposium    
data grid management systems rw moore   a jagatheesan   
diffraction pattern sampling for automatic pattern recognition gg lendaris   gl stanley proc . ieee   1970.0 
manolopoulosy ( 1994 ) fast subsequence matching in time-series databases c faloutsos   m ranganathan & hellip ; . acm international conference on management of data ( sigmod  
adaptive disk scheduling in a multimedia dbms k lund   v goebel   
assessment of neonatal diaphragmatic paralysis using magnetic phrenic nerve stimulation gf rafferty   a greenough   g dimitriou   mi polkey     
confirmation of traumatic interhemispheric subdural hematoma by magnetic resonance imaging va romano   gj toffol journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
rb   warren   '' a computer system for cardiac electrical measurement and control   '' rc barr   gs herman-giddens   ms spach proc . 28th acemb   sept    
monoallelic expresion of the odourant receptor gene and axonal projection of olfactory sensory t ishii   s serizawa   a kohda   h nakatani   t genes to cells   2001.0 
fast subsequence matching in time-series c faloutsos   m fanganathan   y monolopoulos proceedings 1994 acm sigmod conference    
id nouveau : quick reference guide r nikhil technical report   mit laboratory for computer science   cambridge  
viper : augmenting automatic information extraction with visual perceptions k simon   g lausen proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
a new method to segment playfield and its applications in match analysis in sports video s jiang   q ye   w gao   t huang proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
variation of gait pattern in adult hemiplegia m colaso   j joshi neurology india ( bombay )   1971.0 
ca 2-regulated photoproteins : structural insight into the bioluminescence mechanism es vysotski   j lee acc . chem . res   2004.0 
efficient multicarrier realization of full-rate space-time orthogonal block coded systems b farhang-boroujeny   c schlegel submitted for  
a role for b lymphocyte stimulator ( blys ) in sjã ¶ grenâ ?? s syndrome x mariette   s roux   je gottenberg   f desmoulins   j   
quantitative histochemical determination of succinic dehydrogenase activity in skeletal muscle ce blanco   gc sieck   vr edgerton the histochemical journal   1988.0 
shape-based pedestrian detection and localization m bertozzi   a broggi   
application of hla based solutions for modeling and control of chemical plants a bouguezouli   s strassburger & hellip ; . 12 . symp . simulationstechnik asim98   zurich   switzerland    
b shapiro rm and millstein re   nsw reliability plan s mi   
the across-breed epd tables adjusted to a 1994 base ld van vleck   lv cundiff proc . bif 28th res . symp.   birmingham   al    
'' ping-pong '' gaze in severe monoamine oxidase inhibitor toxicity jl erich   rd shih   re o'connor journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
model for delay faults based on paths gl smith proc . int . test conf    
an d kroo   i. ( 1993 ) '' a rolefo rgenetic algorithmsinapreliminary designenvironment   '' p gage proceedings fromtheaiaacf d  
fast algorithms for mining association rules . 20th int r agrawal   r skrikant conf . on very large databases ( vldb ) . santiago de chile    
strategic change : the influence of managerial characteristics and organizational growth w boeker the academy of management journal   1997.0 
otitis media in dairy calves   a preliminary case report gm dechant   ga donovan 28th ann . conv . proc . am . assoc. bov . pract    
swarni ( 1993 )   mining association rules between set of items in large databases i agrawal proc . of the acm sigmod conference of management of data    
voltage collapse and transient energy function analyses of ac/dc systems ca canizares  1991.0 
mining assocation rules between sets of items in large datatabes   acm sigmod r agrawal   t imielinski   a suami conference on management of data   washington   dc    
preliminary research findings gb teague   c macias  1990.0 
in press . '' keeping it living '' : indigenous plant management on the northwest coast d deur   nj turner university of washington press   seattle   washington    
oz + : an object-oriented database system sp weiser   fh lochovsky acm press frontier series   1989.0 
a numerical comparison of 2d resistivity imaging with eight electrode arrays t dahlin   z bing procs . eegsâ ?? 01   birmingham    
loop fusion for clustered vliw architectures y qian   s carr   p sweany   
evaluation of probabilistic queries over imprecise data in constantly-evolving environments r cheng   dv kalashnikov   s prabhakar   
maintenance of association rules : when to update sd lee   d cheung proc . of sigmod workshop on research issues in data mining & hellip ;    
mining optimized association rules for numeric attributes j han   y fu vldb proceedings    
47   ( cd-rom c2000 by intellectual reserve   inc. )   '' us census   h county   d kentucky  1880.0 
on the motion of electricity in wires g kirchhoff phil . mag    
angiotensin ii as a renal growth factor g wolf contributions to nephrology   2001.0 
origin of the incommensurate phase of quartz : ii . interpretation of inelastic neutron scattering m vallade   b berge   g dolino j. phys . i france   1992.0 
the multivariate least trimmed squares estimator j agullo   c croux   s van aelst submitted for  
structural studies on cytoskeletal proteins cmbl.org.pl   
cyclosporin as an oral corticosteroid sparing agent in stable asthma dj evans   p cullinan   dm geddes cochrane database syst . rev   2001.0 
recommended setbacks from active normal faults j mccalpin proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on engineering & hellip ;    
disk shadowing j gray   
geometric control and calibration method of an industrial robot b schefer proceedings of 12th isir    
the roles of supervisory support behaviors and environmental policy in employee '' ecoinitiatives '' at ca ramus   u steger   
generation and search of clustered files g salton   a wong acm transactions on database systems   1978.0 
adaptive locking strategies in a multi-node data sharing model environment a joshi proc . very large databases conf . ( sept. 1991 ) barcelona    
i. announcements ii business   iiip items  2002.0 
affect grid : a single-item scale of pleasure and arousal ja russell   a weiss   ga mendelsohn journal of personality and social psychology    
theory of communication t fukuda   y morimoto   s morishita   t tokuyama acm transactions on database systems    
optimization of polling systems and dynamic vehicle routing problems on networks d bertsimas   h xu submitted for publication   1993.0 
relationships between human industrial activity and grizzly bears bn mclellan international conference on bear research and management    
cost evaluation of directory management schemes for distributed database systems y matsushita   h yamazaki   s hikita   i yoshida proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1980.0 
status report b cabrera technical report   stanford university   october  
getting to '' aha ! '' k melymuka computerworld    
time bounds for real-time process control in the presence of timing uncertainty . technical memo mit / h attiya   n lynch  1989.0 
data mining using two-dimensional optimized association rules : scheme   algorithms   and visualization t fukuda   y morimoto   s morishita   t tokuyama  1996.0 
you just do n't understand : women and men in conversation d tannen   
income taxation with habit formation and consumption externalities j alonso-carrera   j caballã ©   x raurich unpublished manuscript   2003.0 
cdd/cdd + reference manual 0.75 k fukuda ethz   zurich   switzerland  
experience with pvm in an industrial environment a blaszczyk   c trinitis lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
in search of erp paybacks th davenport computerworld    
orthogonal frequency division multiplexing for wireless network ida li anibal university of california santa barbara    
8051 å ? ® æ ? ¶ ç ?? å 3/4 ® é ? '' è ? ¦ å ¯ ¦ ç ¿ ? è ?? æ ?? ç ? ¨   1993 : æ ? 3/4 å ´ ? é ? '' è ? ¦ å ?? æ ? ¸ è ³ ? æ ?? å ? ³ é ?? æ ?? ï 1/4 ? æ ² ? æ ? ¶ é ? 1/2 ï 1/4 ? é?åºå ??   
mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables   in `` proceedings of the acm sigmod r srikant   r agrawal montreal   canada    
microsoft ( r ) project 2002 step by step c chatfield  2002.0 
closure of the '' non-healing wound '' corresponds with correction of weight loss using the anabolic r demling   l de santi   
tds-a preliminary design system for turbines sae paper 780999 rr wysong san diego    
tokuyamat ( 1996 ) mining optimized association rules for numeric attributes my fukudat   s morishita proc . 15th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles  
da silva jr.   jl   patel.   d.   and roundy   s. ( july ) . picoradio supports ad hoc ultra-low power jm rabaey   mj ammer ieee  
mediating representations for knowledge acquisition jm bradshaw   jh boose boeing computer services   seattle   washington    
use of nucleic acid probes for diagnosis and epidemiology of phthorimaea operculella granulosis jl zeddam   h el-bolbol   n el-gueindy   x lery   g ivth meeting iobc   zurich   switzerland    
mobile video stream monitoring system ky lam   ckh chiu proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
ermitteln unauthorisierter verteiler von maschinenlesbaren daten g caronni   
texture compression with adaptive block partitions ( poster session ) l levkovich-maslyuk   p kalyuzhny   a zhirkov proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2000.0 
estimate of the risk of environmental contamination during the operation of a nuclear power plant ii kryshev   ep ryazantsev at .  
ellicott city w protection md    
metrics   outlier analysis and the software design process . m shepperd   d ince information and software technology   1989.0 
'' everything old is new again '' : early reflections on the '' new chicago school '' m tushnet wisconsin law review   1998.0 
a genetic approach for outlier detection in high-dimensional data-sets l boudjeloud   f poulet modeling   computation and optimization in information & hellip ;    
transport identification by neural network in jet itb regimes g tresset   cd challis   x garbet   x litaudon   m   
dysregulation of cyclin d1 by translocation into an igh gamma switch region in two multiple myeloma m chesi   pl bergsagel   la brents   cm smith   ds   
ediâ ?? the grand daddy of electronic commerce m unitt   ic jones bt technology journal   1999.0 
a preliminary study of macrofungus species richness in mature and old growth picea sitchensis/tsuga gr walker & hellip ; paper . university of washington   seattle   washington    
imprecise computations jws liu   wk shih   kj lin   r bettati proceedings-ieee   1994.0 
the pc magazine 100 most influential companies j kirchner pc magazine    
small forwarding tables for fast ip lookups a brodnik   s carlsson   m degermark   s pink proc . of acm sigcomm    
antibiotics for leptospirosis f guidugli   aa castro   an atallah cochrane database syst rev    
the potential consequences of climate variability and change on coastal areas and marine resources . df boesch   d scavia   rw buddemeir   v burkett   dr md    
mining generalized association rules . in : proceedings of the 21st vldb conference r srikant   r agrawal  1995.0 
the influence of sluice and water level fluctuation on landslides and rockfalls of the gorges z yuan   x tang tropical geography   2003.0 
long-range planning : part 3   planning strategies . l long computerworld.   1982.0 
genealogy of toni farmer   ( posted at http://toni . myqth . com/sergent3   html )   '' t farmer   
discovering outlier filtering rules from unlabeled data : combining a supervised learner with an k yamanishi   j takeuchi proceedings of the seventh acm sigkdd international & hellip ;   2001.0 
simvastatin decreases accelerated graft vessel disease after heart transplantation in an animal bm meiser   k wenke   j thiery   s wolf transplantation proceedings   1993.0 
poster : hierarchical grid location management for large wireless ad hoc networks sj philip   c qiao proceedings of acm mobihoc 03   poster session   2003.0 
sagas ; procs . 1987 acm sigmod int h garcia-molina   k salem conf . on management of data    
privacy-preserving collaborative data mining z zhan   l chang   
a video compression algorithm with adaptive bit allocation and quantization   '' e viscito   c gonzales proc . spie   1991.0 
streptococcal pharyngitis : a review of pathophysiology   diagnosis   and management ja kline   jw runge journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
perfect connected-dominant graphs ie zverovich discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2003.0 
enterprise integration system-a new paradigm for information management a aggarwal   
srikant . fast algorithmsformining association rules r agrawal andr proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;    
prenatal diagnosis of spina bifida and anencephaly through maternal plasma alpha-fetoprotein dj brock   ae bolton   jb scrimgeour lancet i   1974.0 
three-dimensional data input by tablet ie sutherland acm siggraph computer graphics   1974.0 
measurement-based replanning of cell capacities in gsm networks e onur   h delic   c ersoy   mu caglayan computer networks   2002.0 
puns in apollinaire 's '' alcools '' ah greet wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
whom do employers actually hire ? the educating systems librarian research project report 2 h xu electronic library   2000.0 
overview of neural-type electronics   '' n el-leithy   fw newcomb proc . of the 28th midwest symposium on circuits and systems   & hellip ;    
mol cryst liq cryst j geng   g li   e zhou   jwy lam   bz tang submitted for publication    
du rkin j. semi-automatic ge ne ration of tra ns fe r function for direct volume re nde ri ng g kindlmann proc ieee/acm symposium  
mining patterns in long sequential data with noise w wang   j yang   ps yu   
the top-techno mbas l copeland computerworld    
n. turing machines with few accepting computations and low sets for pp j ksbler   u schsning   s toda   j tor proceedings of the d thannual conference on structure in  
offers the convenience of downloading only the marine maps you want at a cost thatâ ?? s virtually gps teletype   
saga h garcia-molina   k salem & hellip ; of the acm international conference on management on data ( & hellip ;    
coming out in the age of the internet : identity '' demarginalization '' through virtual group kya mckenna   ja bargh journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
reaeration at low-head structures : preliminary results sc wilhelms water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
home bookmarks publications fis181 fis183 software statistics jj arenzon   m nicodemi   m sellitto   da stariolo   y j. physique  
statistical estimation of the switching activity in digital circuits   '' 31st acm/ieee design m xakellis   f najm san diego   ca    
abnormal serum biochemistries in association with arterial gas embolism rm smith   ts neuman journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
the unknown hatching agent for the potato-root eelworm gj janzen   f van der tuin nematologica i    
a fragment-based approach for efficiently creating dynamic web content j challenger   p dantzig acm transactions on internet 2004.0 
on kent 's '' consequences of assuming a universal relation '' . dvd version   acmsa dvd acm trans . database syst.   1983.0 
some theoretical aspects of boosting in the presence of noisy data w jiang   
tomas : mapping adaptation under evolving schemas y velegrakis   rj miller   l popa   j mylopoulos   
two variable orthogonal polynomials and structured matrices am delgado   js geronimo   p iliev   f marcellan   
nv   '' a data transfer protocol   '' s stenning computer networks    
pulmonary embolism : diagnosis with contrast-enhanced electron-beam ct and comparison with pulmonary c teigen   t muas   p sheedy journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
the well-posedness of fbsdes ( ii ) j zhang   
heterogeneous parallel architecture for improving signal processing performance in doppler blood dfg nocetti   js gonzalez   jm flores   dr hernã ¡ ndez proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;   1996.0 
institutional preventive stress management . jc quick new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0 
the $ 2 000 hour : how managers influence project performance through the rework cycle kg cooper project management journal   1994.0 
temporal management of rfid data f wang   p liu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
dynamische messung des relativen gasgehalts in blasensã $ ulen mittels absorption von rã ¶ ntgenstrahlen r beinhauer  1971.0 
grid computing : case studyâ ?? entelos c metz pc  
avatar motion control by user body postures s yonemoto   h nakano   r taniguchi proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
electronic commerce technologies w kou  2001.0 
mining sequential patterns by pattern-growth : the prefixspan approach b mortazavi-asl   j wang   h pinto   q chen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
incidence of adverse biological effects within ranges of chemical concentrations in marine and er long   dd macdonald   sl smith   fd calder  1995.0 
fast paxos l lamport   
on an asymptotic approach to some problems in scheduling theory sv sevast ` yanov papers at    
industrial gums : polysaccharides and their derivatives gh therkelsen  1993.0 
mining fuzzy implication-based association rules in quantitative databases [ a ] gq chen   p yan   ee kerre proceedings of flins2002belgium : world scientific    
speculation in first-price auctions with resale t troger   
trees : a unified approach to processing queries that contain subqueries   aggregates and quantifiers   u dayal   o nests proceedings of the 13th vldb   aug    
radiosensitivity in huntington 's disease : implications for pathogenesis and presymptomatic diagnosis an moshell   jh robbins lancet i   1980.0 
influence of positive affect on the subjective utility of gains and losses : it is just not worth the am isen   te nygren   fg ashby journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
information overload and '' just-in-time '' knowledge r hanka electronic library   2000.0 
two-way coherent tracking systems ( nonlinear theory of cascaded two-way coherent spacecraft tracking wc lindsey   jh yuen & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1971.0 
dirty-paper trellis codes for watermarking ml miller   gj doerr   ij cox   
a cartesian grid embedded boundary method for poissonâ ?? s equation and the heat equation in three po schwartz   m barad   p colella   tj ligocki submitted for publication    
toward an object-oriented framework for defining services in future intelligent networks sj greenspan   cl mcgowan   mc shekaran   
the architecture of maita : a tool for monitoring   analysis j doyle   i kohane   w long   p szolovits and interpretation . technical report   massachusetts institute of  
wishart and pseudo-wishart distributions and some applications to shape theory ii   r gutierrez-jaimez submitted for publication   1998.0 
on the quantum mechanics of helium ii o penrose phil . mag    
bottomless package doubles soics current-handling ability a bindra electronic  
application of ultrashort laser pulses for refractive surgery of the eye h lubatschowski   a heisterkamp   w drommer   o laseropto-stuttgart -   2001.0 
knowledge based information integration systems nw paton   ca goble   s bechhofer information & software technology   2000.0 
optimization for physical independence in information integration components a deutsch   l popa   v tannen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
simula session k nygaard   oj dahl history of programming languages . acm    
o : a functional execution model for object query languages g gardarin   f machuca   p pucheral proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference  
huge enterprise apps pose management risk r weston computerworld    
additional statistics on the dimensions of the chesapeake bay and tributaries : crosssection widths wb cronin   dw pritchard md    
fast subsequence matching in time-series datebase . sigmod c faloutsos   m ranganthan   y manolopoulos proc . of annual conference   minneapolis    
cooperative pluralism : moving from '' me '' to '' we . '' . m nakagawa   vo pang social studies and the young learner   1990.0 
microsoft visual c# . net step by step j sharp   j jagger  2002.0 
structural change and spurious volatility persistence k maekawa   s lee   y tokutsu submitted for publication   2003.0 
yet another approach for secure broadcasting based upon single key concept . a federgruen   d spreen   jk jan   cd yu proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ;   1991.0 
information required for integrated coastal zone management jp doody   cf pamplin   c gilbert   l bridge & hellip ; f. european union demonstration programme on integrated & hellip ;    
manual for the profile of mood states . educational and industrial testing service dm mcnair   m lorr   lf doppelman  1971.0 
programming and control of kinematically redundant manipulators j baillieul   jm hollerbach   rw brockett proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference on decision and & hellip ;    
mechanism design for intellectual property rights protection ps giridharan   a srinivasan   
simulation of behavior of composite grid reinforced concrete beams using explicit finite element fa tavã ¡ rez  2001.0 
comparison of the dynamic behaviour of brain tissue and two model materials dwa brands   phm bovendeerd   gwm peters   j wismans   sae conference proceedings p   1999.0 
software faults   software failures and software reliability modeling jc munson information and software technology    
showing instead of telling r baecker   
a simple radon well ( abstract only ) k lahti   g graeffe oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
mouse mcm proteins : complex formation and transportation to the nucleus h kimura   t ohtomo   m yamaguchi   a ishii   k genes to cells   1996.0 
distinguishing theories of syntactic storage cost in sentence comprehension : evidence from japanese e gibson   k nakatani   e chen   
the soul of remedies r sankaran  1997.0 
diagnosis of sub-clinical varicocele by means of infrared functional imaging ( proceeding n. 143 ) a merla   l di donato   a ledda   gl romani proceedings of the 23rd annual international conference of & hellip ;    
threshold schemes based on plucker coordinates m wang   d feng   g wang   
the influence of self-interested behavior on sociopolitical change : the evolution of the chaco j kantner  1999.0 
scheduling real-time transactions : a performance evaluation '' 14th int r abbott   h garcia-molina conf . on vldb    
catastrophism & the old testament : the mars - earth conflicts dw patten  1988.0 
a high photosensitivity il-ccd image sensor with monolithic resin lens array y ishihara   k tanigaki   
beyond your resume : ' a nurse 's professional '' portfolio '' b brooks   s barrett   pg zimmermann journal of emergency nursing   1998.0 
â ?? direction and motion control in the grand tour d cook   a buja   j cabrera computing science and statistics : proceedings of the 23rd & hellip ;    
the sexual assault nurse clinician : '' minneapolis ' 15 years experience . '' le ledray journal of emergency nursing    
sources of the just war tradition in western culture.â ?? h roots  1991.0 
local adaptation and gene-for-gene coevolution in a metapopulation model s gandon   y capowiez   y dubois   y michalakis   i proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
evidence of an energy transfer reaction between atomic hydrogen and argon ii or helium ii as the r mills   p ray   b dhandapani   
institutional renewal : what the corporate model ca n't tell you . rm davis new directions for higher education   1985.0 
a tractable   approximate   combinatorial 3d rigidity characterization m sitharam   y zhou   
mining generalized association rules r srikant   r agrawal  1995.0 
calculation and measurements of transient electromagnetic fields in emp simulators hd brã 1/4 ns   d koenigstein & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatability   zurich   switzerland    
mining association rules between sets of items in large databases . 1993 r agrawal   t imielinski   a swami proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of  
maize and grain sorghum : southern africa r kfir see ref    
hastie . t : estimating the number of clusters in a dataset via the gap statistic r tibshirani   g walther technical report   department of biostatistics   stanford  
intermediaries : new places for producing and manipulating web content r barrett   pp maglio www7 / computer networks   1998.0 
the possessor that stayed close to home a munn   
from microphysics to macrophysics r balian  1991.0 
agreement among judges of personality : interpersonal relations   similarity   and acquaintanceship dc funder   dc kolar   mc blackman journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
cryst . lattice defects amorph . mater f rodriguez   m moreno   a tressaud   jp chaminade  1987.0 
carbon nanotubes in electron donor-acceptor nanocomposites dm guldi   gma rahman   f zerbetto   m prato acc . chem . res   2005.0 
a new c-band 50 mw class sic rf load ss win   h matsumoto   t kek   jm yoshida   j tokyo   
train-to-train impact test : occupant protection experiments d tyrell   j zolock   c vaningen-dunn   
web services ( industrial session ) f cabrera   
mapping the internet w cheswick   h burch ieee computer    
area-delay optimizationof programmablelogic arrays d marple   ae gamal technical report   stanford university   sept. .  
wmdb . * : rights protection for numeric relational data ra sion   ms prabhakar data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
g. gibson and rh . katz   â ?? a case of redundant arrays of inexpensive disk ( p. aid ) â ?? d patterson acm international conference of management of data    
translating and optimizing sql queries having aggregates g von boltingsloewen  1987.0 
the '' normality '' of snopesism : universal themes in faulkner 's '' the hamlet '' j gold wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1962.0 
a study of the nature of the attractant emitted by the asteroid hosts of the commensal polychaete   wc stewart  1970.0 
combinatorial auctions y shoham   
data mining using two-dimensional optimized association rules for numeric data : scheme   algorithms   t fukuda   y morimoto   s morishita   t tokuyama proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
software pipeliningof loopswith conditionalbranches   '' mgscg lee proc . 29th ann . int &#39; l symp . on  
an integrated model for impact analysis of software change h basson software quality management-international conference -   1998.0 
collaborative commerce s alexander   
examining the effects of urbanization on streams using indicators of geomorphic stability mw doyle   jm harbor   cf rich   a spacie physical geography   2000.0 
analysis of esophageal ph-recordings for reflux disease ( abstract only ) l patomaki   p vainio   e lansimies   k jarvinen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
l. wang   theconcept ofrelevanttimescales andits applicationtoqueuing analysis of self-similartrac al neidhardt andj proc . acm  
readers rate the web m miller pc  
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ä ¿ ? è ¿ ? æ ² '' ç ?? å ® ? ç ? ¨ æ ?? å ?? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # tiger drs   seattle   washington   usa    
joyce 's '' ulysses '' and whitman 's '' self '' : a query d summerhayes wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 
s. 1981 d falconer introduction to quantitative  
inside comã 3/4 base services g eddon   h eddon  1999.0 
motivation and framework for using genetic algorithms for microcode compaction sj beaty   d whitley   g johnson   
'' further critical comments on pascal   particularly as a systems programming language '' r conradi acm sigplan notices   1976.0 
fluidized bed combustion diagnostics by laser photocoustic spectroscopy ( abstract only ) j stenberg   r hernberg oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
principles of optics 1pergamon m born   e wolf new york    
dfa learning from simple examples . r parekh   v honavar machine learning    
comprehenstion syntax p buneman   l libkin   d suciu   v tannen   l wong acm sigmod record    
survival analysis dg kleinbaum  1996.0 
the nist atm network simulator operation and programming version 1.0 . us department of commerce n golmie   a koenig   d su md    
linguistic human rights : overcoming linguistic discrimination . t skutnabb-kangas   r phillipsonâ ? ¦  1995.0 
student environmental organizations j keniry   b trelstad new directions for higher education   1992.0 
a search for evidence of non-thermal emission from the supernova remnants 37a/b r oliversen  2002.0 
par-delã les frontiã ¨ res : les femmes d'affaires canadiennes et le commerce international b orser   e fisher   r rayman  1999.0 
join graphs and acyclic database schemes k chase vldb   1981.0 
the ambiguities of '' clock without hands '' d emerson wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1962.0 
concise papers assbo algorithm ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
the college and its region . vw henderson new directions for higher education   1975.0 
two-way bridge building at birmingham-southern . nr berte   da casella new directions for higher education   1979.0 
a new dmt method for the design of axially loaded driven piles in clay soils jjm powell   ch shields   jc dupla   kh mokkelbost submitted for publication    
nested datalog : a rule language for complex objects q chen   g gardarin proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
r. agrawal mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables r srikant proc . 1996 . i c. \ \ i-sig . \ \ iod int . c &#39; on f. . \ \ lanagernent of  
july 8   1996   just one more click d daniel   
sound partners : a reading tutoring program for first-grade at-risk readers pf vadasy   s wayne   re oâ ?? connor   jr jenkins   k  2000.0 
strategies for reflective practice jm peters new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
gostelow . '' the u-interpreter kp arvind ieee computer    
the nuclear weapon of digital rights law : europe set to establish restrictive copyright legislation s rupley pc magazine    
achttausender r messner   a ã?berlebt   
on avoiding '' psych '' patients e hunt journal of emergency nursing   1993.0 
context-aware communication a ranganathan   
a personal projected display m ashdown   p robinson proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
digitisation of exam papers a hampson   s pinfield   i upton electronic library   1999.0 
til : a type-directed optimizingcompilerfor ml d tarditi   g morrisett   p cheng   c stone   r harper proc . acm  
generalized transport threshold model of neoclassical tearing modes sv konovalov   ab mikhailovskii   ms shirokov   vs   
current events and the internet : connecting '' headline news '' to perennial issues be larson social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
interaction of morphology and syntax in american sign language   doctoral dissertation   univ. of ca padden san diego    
generalized rate-monotonic scheduling theory : a framework for developing real-time systems l sha   r rajkumar   ss sathaye proceedings-ieee   1994.0 
computability on continuous   lower semi-continuous and upper semi-continuous real functions k weihrauch   x zheng lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
'' pale fire '' and the fine art of annotation jo lyons wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
influence of stacking faults on the growth of polytype structures . ii-silicon carbide polytypes d pandey   p krishna phil . mag    
data grid management systems a rajasekar   a jagatheesan proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
additional resources . j duley new directions for higher education   1974.0 
qitian automatic replay generation for soccer video broadcasting j wang   c xu   e chng   k wan proc of acm multimedia    
thermal emission of gammas and lepton pairs from quark-gluon plasmas ( abstract only ) pv ruuskanen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
electroenceph . clin p ellingson neurophysiol.   '' i    
prefixspan : mining sequential patterns efficiently by prefix-projected pattern growth cs.ualberta.ca 17th international conference on data engineering    
rights of tods readers   authors and reviewers rt snodgrass sigmod record   2002.0 
whither speech ? - the future of telephony av lewis   f westall bt technology journal   1996.0 
patching : a multicast technique for true video-on-demand services ka hua   y cai   s sheu   
the use of electrical impedance moments for structural health monitoring ac rutherford   g park   h sohn   cr farrar proceedings of the 22 '' d imac   dearborn   mi    
field tests on the essential components of the european nightjarâ ?? s song m abs proc . int . ornithol . congr    
behavioral ecology of tropical birds : academic press bjm stutchbury   es morton san diego   ca    
a mixed approach toward an efficient logical structure recognition from document images t hu   r ingold   
locating calls to the emergency services ph salmon bt technology journal   2003.0 
semantic adaptation of schema mappings when schemas evolve c yu   l popa proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
a generalization of fenchel conjugation giving generalized lagrangians and symmetric nonconvex po lindberg proc . int .  
pattern matching and pattern discovery in scientific   program   and document databases jtl wang   k zhang   d shasha proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0 
kweelt : more than just â ?? yet another framework to query xml!â ??   sigmod demonstration session   a sahuguet   
microdynamic analysis of bed expansion and stability of gas fluidisation bh xu   ab yu  2001.0 
1.2 . 2 windows nt ---------------- '' java . lang jdk sun outofmemoryerror ''  
real-time rendering of plant leaves l wang   w wang   j dorsey   x yang   b guo   hy shum proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 
'' hostages '' and cooperation in the prisoner 's dilemma cz qin   
freshness-driven adaptive caching for dynamic content web sites ws li   o po   wp hsiung   ks candan   d agrawal data & knowledge engineering   2003.0 
immunoelectron microscopic studies of glycosaminoglycans in the metaphyseal bone trabeculae of t kazama   m takagi   t ishii   y toda the histochemical journal   1992.0 
block algorithms for fast fourier transform on vector and parallel computer m hegland   
the '' certification '' paradigm h smith   b walvoord new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
another history of bluegrass : the segregation of american popular music   1820-1900 a farmelo popular music and society   2001.0 
grid and applications ( industrial session ) f leymann vldb   2003.0 
a panel study of coping with involuntary job loss aj kinicki   ge prussia   fm mckee-ryan academy of management journal   2000.0 
internet metaphors matter mi taniguchi new directions for teaching and learning   2003.0 
mathgridlink-a bridge between mathematica and the grid d tepeneu   t ida procs . jssst03    
a study on the framework of grid based decision support system c jiayu   c xueguang   s ling proceedings of 2003 international conference on management & hellip ;    
the south bridge   kyiv   ukraine mh korniyiv   gb fuks & hellip ; engineering international   iabse   zurich   switzerland    
temperature mapping of magnetic resonance-guided laser interstitial thermal therapy ( litt ) in gkh eyrich   e bruder   p hilfiker   b dubno   hh md   2000.0 
investigation on emission characteristics of a compression ignition engine with oxygenated fuels and hw wang   zh huang   lb zhou   dm jiang   zl yang proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2000.0 
the crystal structure of resr 2 gacu 2 oy g roth   p adelmann   g heger   r knitter   t wolf j. phys . i    
yasm : yet another software development methodology e skordalakis athens   greece : software engineering laboratory   national & hellip ;    
india 's nuclear posture after pokhran ii k bajpai   
visual basic . net step by step m halvorson  2002.0 
synchrotron radiation applications in mineralogy and petrology : selection of papers ss augustithis  1988.0 
communicationwith directed logic variables . in 18 thacm popl a kleinman   y moscowitz   a pnueli   e shapiro  1991.0 
heavy-tailed distributions in combinatorial search cp gomes   b selman   n crato lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
an open source framework for adaptive inifiniband-based cluster and grid computing in the presence s frechette   dr avresky submitted for  
on spontaneous fission of leadâ ?? search for very far transuranium elements gn flerov   vp perelygin at . energ    
probabilistic reliable dissemination in large-scale systems aj ganesh   am kermarrec   l massoulie technical report   microsoft research    
design for performance of broadband signalling and services d morris   am elvidge bt technology journal   1998.0 
an investigation of optimal fuel injection conditions for the reduction in hydrocarbon emission k lee   c lee   y joo   
a theory of the viscosity of liquids-part ii enc andrade phil . mag    
j. a normal form for abstract syntax smi smith proc . int . conf . on very large data bases   west berlin    
privacy-preserving mining of association rules v krishnan   i mumbai   s agrawal   i bangalore   j   
â ?? comments on '' the law of demeter '' and c++ m sakkinen acm sigplan notices   1988.0 
monitoring system of the akashi kaikyo bridge and displacement measurement using gps y fujino   m murata   s okano   m takeguchi proc . spie   2000.0 
algorithms for an optimal a * search and linearizing the search in the stack decoder db paul   
design issues of self-organizing broadband wireless networks b xu   b walke computer networks   2001.0 
hadronic equation of state and the onset of kaon condensation ( abstract only ) j cleymans   j staalnacke   e suhonen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
colloidal isopressing : a new shaping method for ceramic suspensions bc yu  2001.0 
dynamic routing and resource allocation in wdm transport networks j spaeth computer networks   2000.0 
a test microchip for evaluation of hermetic packaging technology for biomedical prosthetic implants m kazemi   e basham   m sivaprakasam   g wang   d   
using the 1930 s ' '' here and now '' curriculum to teach cultural diversity in the ' 90 s. k wellhousen social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
fast algorithms for mining association rules in large databasesâ ''   bocca jb   jarke m.   zaniolo c.   r agrawal   r srikant & hellip ; conference on very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 94 )   santiago de  
what is return on quality and why you should care.â ?? e baatz electronic news    
fast algorithms for mining association rules in large databases r agrawal   r srikant  1994.0 
multi-view matching for unordered image sets   or '' how do i organize my holiday snaps ? '' f schaffalitzky   a zisserman lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
the grid : tabu search   kluwer academic publishers   1998 f glover   m laguna   
printed educational materials : effects on professional practice and health care outcomes n freemantle   el harvey   f wolf   jm grimshaw   r cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
'' study '' your way to better teaching . m weimer new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
documenting electronic commerce systems and software using the unified modeling language [ j ] s kassem information and software technology    
surface reconstruction and many-atom models ( abstract only ) h hakkinen   j merikoski   m manninen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
mining sequential patterns across data streams g chen   x wu   x zhu   
artificial ant colonies in digital image habitats-a mass behaviour effect study on pattern v ramos   f almeida   
on the change of form of long waves advancing in a rectangular canal   and on a new type of long dj korteweg   g de vries phil . mag    
growth and perfection of crystals n cabrera   da vermilyea new york    
fast algorithmsforminingassociation rules ra ramakrishnansrikant proceedings of the 20th vldb conference    
riaa declares war : change needed . jc dvorak pc magazine    
fast photomosaic g di blasi   m petralia poster proceedings of 2005.0 
rita - an editor and user interface for manipulating structured documents dd cowan   ew mackie   gm pianosi   
analysis of metals by graphite furnace aas using spark ablation bv l'vov   av novichikhin at . spectrosc.   1990.0 
properties of the groupby/aggregate relational operator mm joshi   ca galindo-legaria technical report   microsoft   2001 .  
driver visual allocation and the introduction of intelligent transport systems tc lansdown proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2000.0 
input impedance and radiation pattern of patch on multilayer cylinder s raffaelli   z sipus   ps kildal   
power estimation of digital cmos circuits and the application to logic synthesis for low power di cheng  1995.0 
pases : a programming environment for pascal e shapiro   g collins   l johnson   j ruttenberg   
gear rattle modelling and analysis for automotive manual transmissions my wang   r manoj   w zhao proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
c2p : clustering based on closest pairs a nanopoulos   y theodoridis   y manolopoulos proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
switcherland : a qos communication architecture for workstation clusters . to appearin h eberle   e oertli proc . acm  
concurrent prolog : a program report e shapiro ieee computer    
scheelite-bearing skarns in the sierra nevada region   california . contrasts in zoning and mineral r newberry skarnsâ ?? their genesis and metallogeny : athens   greece   & hellip ;    
a cartesian grid embedded boundary method for hyperbolic conservation laws p colella   dt graves   bj keen   d modiano submitted for publication   2004.0 
data management system for grid and portal services p grzybowski   c mazurek   m wolski   
forecasting the worldã ? s population ( hrsg. : j. bongaarts   ra bulatao )   panel on population bs billion   
reply to '' errors in ` process synchronization in database systems ' '' . acms anthology sigmod record   1981.0 
the gadfly : an approach to architectural-level system comprehension k wallnau   p clements   e morris   r krut proceedings of the 4th international workshop on program & hellip ;   1996.0 
join graph and database schemes g chase proc 7th int . conf . on  
locomotion analysis of hyper redundant systems h yamauchi   m fukaya   m saito   t iwasaki proc . of 28th sice symposium on control theory    
on processing xml in ldap g lausen   pj marron intl. conference on very large data bases ( vldb )    
a mixed linear and non-linear logic : proofs   terms and models n benton lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
the dissimilatory sulfate-and sulfur-reducing bacteria f widdel   ta hansen the prokaryotes   1992.0 
data mining using two-dimensional optimized association rules : scheme t fukuda   y morimoto   s morishita   t tokuyama algorithms   and visualization   acm    
monadic encapsulation in ml . in the acm sigplan international conference on functional programming m semmelroth   a sabry  1999.0 
climate research does not remove uncertainty : coping with the risks of climate change s re  1998.0 
the '' self digest '' : self-knowledge serving self-regulatory functions et higgins journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
plantlet formation from anthers of citrus aurantium t hidaka   y yamada   t shichijo l. proc . int . soc . citriculture    
jed : just an event display ad malony acm press frontier series   1990.0 
linguist-86 : yet another translator writing system based on attribute grammars r farrow acm sigplan notices   1982.0 
microvillar peptidase activity in amniotic fluid : possible use in the prenatal diagnosis of cystic nj carbarns   c gosden   djh brock lancet i   1983.0 
software agents . papers from the 1994 spring symposium   march 21-23 o etzioni stanford university . technical report ss-94-03   aaai press    
electronic business & commerce m chesher   r kaura   p linton   m chesher   
a heightfield on an isometric grid m mcguire   pg sibley proceedings of acm siggraph 2004   2004.0 
hierarchical random-walk algorithms for power grid analysis h qian   ss sapatnekar   
santa barbara papers in linguistics vol . 4 : discourse transcription jw du bois   s cumming   s schuetze-coburn   d university of california santa barbara    
discrete orthogonal transforms and neural networks for image interpolation m oravec   j polec radioengineering-prague -   1999.0 
role of reactive oxygen formation in the cyclosporin-a-mediated impairment of renal functions a wolf   n clemann   w frieauff   b ryffel transplantation proceedings   1994.0 
transputer arrays and computer-aided control system design gm megson   
curler : finding and visualizing nonlinear correlation clusters akh tung   x xu   bc ooi proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
adaptive arrays - an introduction wf gabriel ieee   proceedings   1976.0 
schema design and mapping strategies for persistent object models . s khoshafian   t briggs information and software technology   1988.0 
srikant . r. fast algorithms for mining association rules r agrawal & hellip ; conference very large databases   santiago   chile  
shopbots become agents for business change d clark   
ethnic soccer clubs in milwaukee : a study in assimilation jc pooley  1968.0 
varfã ¶ r professionalisering ? lã ? engblom i journalisternas bok    
on the motion of a viscous fluid l rayleigh phil . mag    
test flow fluctuations with the 50 mw linde n-4 high voltage arc air heater fja huber & hellip ; symposium   25 th   anaheim   calif   proceedings . part 1   1979.0 
quasineutral limit of the drift diffusion models for semiconductors : the case of general sign - s wang submitted for publication   2004.0 
africa betrayed g ayittey   
an analysis of sample attrition in panel data : the michigan panel study of income dynamics j fitzgerald   p gottschalk   r moffitt the journal of human resources   1998.0 
a functional model of the tv programmes production system a deliysky   v radeva electrotechnika i elektronika    
an evolved   vision-based behavioral model of coordinated group motion cw reynolds   
schnurri interacts with mad in a dpp-dependent manner y udagawa   j hanai   k tada   nc grieder   m momoeda   genes to cells   2000.0 
industrial organization js bain  1968.0 
digital pattern recognition by moments fl alt journal of the acm ( jacm )   1962.0 
emergency department time for evaluation of patients discharged with a diagnosis of renal colic : em rekant   cl gibert   fl counselman journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
the next 10 000 years : part 1 t lewis ieee computer    
appendix b : call for papers and content guidelines for authors tj bergin   rg gibson history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
rl b rownell   jr. and gk silber . 1998 . recovery plan for the blue whale ( balaenoptera musculus ) . rr reeves   pj clapham   
fewer asps   more services m schwartz computerworld    
esteem protection or enhancement ? self-handicapping motives and attributions differ by trait self - dm tice journal of personality and social psychology   1991.0 
the greenhouse effect ( abstract only ) e holopainen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
evolving topologies of artificial neural networks adapted to image processing tasks ha mayer   r huber   
srikant   â ?? fastalgorithmsforminingassociationrules   â ?? inint r agrawalandr conf . vldb   santiago   chile   sept    
freemau & co. 1982 d marr   wh vision   
new approaches to the education of older adults ma wolf new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 
muromskii   et al.   â ?? decontamination of the coolant in the holding ponds of nuclear plants by lm sharygin   ve moiseev   a yu at .  
'' according to abramowitz and stegun '' or arccoth need n't be uncouth rm corless   
theory and performance of narrow correlator spacing in a gps receiverâ ''   proceedings of ion national aj van dierendonck   p fenton   t ford san diego   january    
performance tests of erne hed sensor [ abstract only ] e valtonen   j peltonen   t eronen   jj torsti   m in oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of & hellip ;   1991.0 
patterns   mechanisms and consequences of recruitment in a temperate marine '' sh mh carr  1991.0 
fast algorithems for association rules r agrawal   r srikant proc . of 20th vldb conference    
sagas hg molina   k salem proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
a new approach for long term monitoring of deformations by differential sar interferometry s usai  2001.0 
on the oxidation of metals at low temperature and the influence of light n cabrera phil . mag    
jr.   sms 1998 . little-jil 1.0 language report ae wise   bs lerner   ek mc call   r podorozhny   lj technical report 98-24 ( apr )   university of massachusetts at  
magneto-optical transitions in a coulomb coupled pair of quantum dots ( abstract only ) t chakraborty   v halonen   p pietilainen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
is uml heading for fragmentation ? in the '' aught-world '' of standards ( 2000 and beyond   that is )   r adhikari application development trends   2003.0 
accuracy and bias in the perception of the partner in a close relationship da kenny   lk acitelli journal of personality and social psychology   2001.0 
embeddings of small generalized polygons ja thas   h van maldeghem to  
rejoinder to '' comments on one-warehouse multiple retailer systems with vehicle routing costs '' s anily   a federgruen management science   1991.0 
statistical analysis of ethernet lan trac at the source level   '' w. willinger   et al sst high-variability proceedings of acm sigcomm    
lyapunov-constrained action sets for reinforcement learning tj perkins   ag barto   
'' modeling-by-patterns '' of web applications f garzotto   p paolini   d bolchini   s valenti lecture notes in computer science   1999.0 
wildfire risk assessment guide for homeowners in the southern united states a long   c randall unpublished manuscript   2003.0 
real-time operating systems for embedded computing s hustin   m potkonjak   e verhulst   w wolf proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0 
temporal specification of ada tasking w hankley   j peters proceedings of the 23rd hawaii international conference on  
allocating resources as a means of inducing and responding to change . kw mathews new directions for higher education   1990.0 
concise papers aac aware ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
digest of technical papers of international symposium wa barrow   re coovert   e dickey   cn king   c laakso sid seattle   washington   usa    
implementation of two semantic query optimization techniques in db2 universal database q cheng   j gryz   f koo   tyc leung   l liu   x qian   vldb   1999.0 
c   bernstem   pa   and goodman   n '' a sophlstlcate 's introductlon to database normahzatlon theory   '' bbg been proc vldb    
outrage prompts amazon to change price-testing policy l rosencrance computerworld    
c     and wong   a. generation and search of clustered files sa ltcin acm trans database syst    
ad @ ( dvâµâµ '' j '' rlp @ 6 @ 4 < t < 46zh fjzd4 > 0hâµ '' 20jf < . /   880 < 46z   âµ b   4d \ \ '' [ programs of psychosocial c hatzichristou athens   greece    
hyperinflation and convertibility-based stabilization in argentina aj canavese contributions to economic analysis   1993.0 
rã ¶ ntgenologische erfolgstatistik von wurzelbehandlungen hp staub  1963.0 
sampling grid colorings with fewer colors d achlioptas   m molloy   c moore   f van bussel lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
in curriculum   as in life   the whole is more than the sum of the parts . rg underhill   p thompson social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
quick fault recovery in oracle t lahiri   a ganesh   r weiss   a joshi proc . acm sigmod    
leap : final report on ohioâ ?? s welfare initiative to improve school attendance among teenage parents d long   j gueron   r wood   r fisher   v fellerath  1997.0 
can people use gesture commands ? cg wolf acm sigchi bulletin   1986.0 
a internet based service for patient compliance to disease treatment xh wang   rsh istepanian proceedings of the 25 thannual international conference of  
new complex material   wood ceramic-their properties k nishimoto   k tsunoda proceedings of $ 5.03-04 session iufro d    
efficiently mining long patterns from datasets rj bayardo proc . acm sigmod   intâ ?? l conf . management of data    
commercial sources for hart crane 's '' the river '' j baker wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
productivity and the enactment of a macro culture kc laudon   kl marr proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1994.0 
influence of stimulus components placed outside classical receptive field reveals harmonic structure s kadia   r snider   x wang proceedings of the 23rd midwinter meeting of the association & hellip ;    
procalcitonin : a new marker for differential diagnosis of acute rejection and bacterial infection in m staehler   c hammer   b meiser   b reichart transplantation proceedings   1997.0 
ssf fingerprint for image authentication : an incidental distortion resistant scheme s tang   jt li   yd zhang   
file directory design considerations for distributed data bases ww chu   e nahouraii vldb    
the darkest journey : celine 's '' death on the installment plan '' j fraser wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
software processes for the development of electronic commerce systems v gruhn   l schoepe information & software technology   2002.0 
pattern recognition : statistical   structural and neural approaches r schalkoff   
unitary representations of ( g   k ) - pairs connected with the infinite symmetric group s ( â ?? ) gi olshanskii algebra i analiz    
efficient storage and querying of sequential patterns in database systems a nanopoulos   m zakrzewicz   t morzy   y information & software technology   2003.0 
join and semi-join algorithms for a multiprocessor database machine pv vald841   g gardarin acm-tods    
a credit-based flow control algorithm for broadband access networks s song computer networks   2000.0 
estar   pstar   and astar : computer programs for calculating stopping-power and range tables for mj berger   js coursey   ma zucker   
actual versus assumed differences in construal : '' naive realism '' in intergroup perception and rj robinson   d keltner   a ward   l ross journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
effects of sequential context on judgments and decisions in prisonerâ ?? s dilemma game i vlaev   n chater   
fault detection   isolation   and diagnosis in multihop wireless networks l qiu   p bahl   a rao   l zhou   
sagas h garcia-mohna   k salem proc acm sigmod conf   may    
order flow   trading costs and corporate acquisition announcements j conrad   cm niden   
duality-based subsequence matching in time-series databases ys moon   ky whang   wk loh   
an extended relational database model for uncertain and imprecise information sk lee   
lessons from a '' living in a database '' graphical query interface d fogg proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1984.0 
web release date : november 16   2002 k lee   h song   jt park acc . chem . res   2003.0 
mining quantitative association rules in large tables r srikant   r agrawal   
far voxels : a multiresolution framework for interactive rendering of huge complex 3d models on e gobbetti   f marton proceedings of acm siggraph 2005   2005.0 
oros : toward a type model for software development environments wr rosenblatt   jc wileden   al wolf acm sigplan notices   1989.0 
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ç ?? ç ?? ç ?? è § # å ?? æ?ºç ?? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # washington : tiger drs   seattle    
comparison of transient ehl calculations with start-up experiments mja holmes   hp evans   rw snidle proc . 29th leeds-lyon symposium on tribology   elseviers & hellip ;    
energy loss of protons channelling through very thin gold es machlin   s petralia   a desalvo   r rosa   f phil mag   1970.0 
a framework of software measurement h zuse  1997.0 
yet another multicast ( yam ) routing protocol : specification version 1 k carlberg   j crowcroft unpublished manuscript    
fast mars . dept jh friedman  1993.0 
irs project failures cost taxpayers $ 50 b annually gh anthes computerworld    
pseudo-random sequences and arrays fj macwilliams   nja sloane ieee   proceedings   1976.0 
privacy-preserving data mining : developments and directions b thuraisingham journal of database  
building coalitions for faculty revitalization : the case of long island university 's brooklyn campus b braid new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
fortifying the '' fortress '' : immigration and politics in the european union rk jain international studies-bombay then new delhi -   1997.0 
initial trust and the adoption of b2c e-commerce : the case of internet banking kk kim   b prabhakar acm sigmis database   2004.0 
assessment in the geography curriculum r daugherty geography    
remarks in response to : '' issues in distributed data base management systems : a technical overview ''   j rothnie conf . on vldb proceedings supplement : panelists &#39; statements   & hellip ;    
languages for collection types v tannen proc . of the 13th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . on & hellip ;   1993.0 
principles of optics   6th ed . 1pergamon m born   e wolf new  
geometric algorithms and combinatorial optimization m grotschel   l lovasz   a schrijver  1988.0 
sagas h garcia-molian   k salem proc . acm sigmod    
enabling dynamic content caching for database-driven web sites k selcuk   ws li   q luoand   wp hsiung   d agrawal acm sigmod conference    
optimum fiber parameters of loss optical fibers for use in 1.55 î 1/4 m wavelength region y namihira   y horiuchi   h wakabayashi electronic letters    
pupil detection and tracking using multiple light sources   . 1998 c morimotoâ ? ¦ ibm almaden research center : san  
mapping the iutemet h burch   b cheswick ieee  
motivation and diversity : a framework for teaching rj wlodkowski new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
sealed calls in java packages a zaks   v feldman   n aizikowitz   
dynamic buffer allocation in video-on-demand systems sh lee   ky whang   ys moon   iy song sigmod conference   2001.0 
reflections on action research jm peters new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
digital rights management s web pc magazine   2004.0 
tomas : a system for adapting mappings while schemas evolve y velegrakis   rj miller   l popa   j mylopoulos data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
combinatorial auction design a pekec   mh rothkopf management science   2003.0 
proving congruence of simulation orderings in functional languages d howe unpublished manuscript    
the consumer needs in global electronic commerce a balfour   b farquhar   g langmann electronic markets    
relations among concurrent-write prams ( preliminary version ) fe fich   p ragde   a wigderson proc . 3rd acm podc  
reminiscences of an indian official o cavenagh  1884.0 
efficient construction of regression trees with range and region splitting y morimoto   h ishii   s morishita machine learning   2001.0 
andr . rastogi . querying and mining data streams : you only get one look m garofalakis   j gehrke proceedingsof acm sigmod    
issues in the transmission of monetary policy sn brissimis   ns magginas   gt simigiannis   gs greeceâ ?? s economic performance and prospects ''   athens . say & hellip ;    
rialto : a bridge between description and implementation of control algorithms for wireless sensor a bonivento   lp carloni   a sangiovanni-vincentelli proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
kings in the back row : meaning through structure . a reading of salinger 's '' the catcher in the rye '' cf strauch wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1961.0 
how important are '' entry effects '' in financial incentive programs for welfare recipients ? : de card   pk robins   
accelerate fpga macros with one-hot approach sk knapp electronic design    
on the complexity of mining quantitative association rules j wijsen   r meersman data mining and knowledge discovery   1998.0 
agrawal r. ming generalized association rules [ c ] r srikant proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;    
front-runner '' oa system aids white house staff . m betts computerworld.   1984.0 
industrial change m howard geography    
subdivisions of k r + 2 in graphs of average degree at least r + '' and large but constant girth d kuhn   d osthus   
mining association rules r agrawal   r srikant proc . of the 21 stvldb conf . zurich switzerland    
electronic commerce in india : the untapped potential s bhatnagar electronic markets    
inflow model for simulation of helicopter flight in dynamic ground effect h xin   jvr prasad   d peters european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
usage-based readingâ ?? an experiment to guide reviewers with use cases t thelin   p runeson   b regnell information and software technology   2001.0 
dislocation multiplication mechanism operating close to a surface o lohne   o rustad phil mag   1972.0 
fortran 90 arrays r bernecky acm sigplan notices   1991.0 
taligent : a framework for change r raskin pc  
mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables [ c ] r sfikant   r agrawal proceedings of the acm-sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
vortex lattice : vortex liquid states in anisotropic high-t ( sub c ) superconductors ( abstract only ) bi ivlev   nb kopnin   mm salomaa oulu univ. proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
quantitative feedback theory i horowitz iee proceedings   1982.0 
de la ceee madrid : ministerio de sanidad y consumo   1994 : 14â ± 15   50â ± 51 lã ? mendizaã?bal   c prestaciones sanitarias en los   
design and implementation of mobile agent infrastructure based on mobile agent interoperability j wong   v honavar   l miller   v naganathan submitted for  
'' ca n't we settle this ? '' student conflicts in higher education and options for resolution j gibson new directions for higher education   1995.0 
lanthanide-transition-metal complexes : from ion pairs to extended arrays ac res acc . chem . res   2003.0 
a fast shaded-polygon renderer rw swanson   lj thayer   
content management-don ' t let large sites get out of hand n randall pc magazine   january    
mining quantitative association rules in large relation tables r sirkant   r agrawal proceedings of acm sigmod conference of management of data    
space filling curves and texture analysis pt nguyen   j quinqueton proc . int . conf . pattern recognition    
images of man : '' le malentendu '' and '' en attendant godot '' nc chase wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1966.0 
translating survey questionnaires : lessons learned rb mckay   mj breslow   rl sangster   sm gabbard   rw new directions for program evaluation    
algorithms for mining association rules in bag databases py hsu   yl chen   cc ling information sciencesâ ?? informatics and computer science : an & hellip ;   2004.0 
purdy 's '' malcolm '' : a unique vision of radical emptiness tm lorch wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
optimal policy for batch operations : backup   checkpointing   reorganization   and updating gm lohman   ja muckstadt acm transactions on database systems   1977.0 
closed-form equation for thermal constriction/spreading resistances with variable resistance s song   s lee   v au proc . int . electronics packaging conf    
uniform copper corrosion in tolt river water   a quantitative study of coupled rate processes r hilbrun university of washington   seattle    
learning of sensory motor tasks by an autonomous agent k malmstrom   l munday   j sitte & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing  
polym sci part b : polym phys c wu   t yamagishi submitted for publication    
athresholdof ln n for approximatingsetcover   '' u feige proc . 28th acm symp . on theory of computing   philadelphia   & hellip ;    
prosody phrasing without syntax via part-ofspeech amalgamation a maghbouleh proceedings   esca workshop on intonation   athens   greece    
get ready for agile methods b boehm ieee computer    
the icrp 50 model ce land radon   proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the & hellip ;    
comment on a note on dynamic arrays in pascal n wirth acm sigplan notices   1976.0 
superfluid vortex nucleation in he-3 flow ( abstract only ) pi soininen   nb kopnin   mm salomaa oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
kascade-grande collaboration r glasstetterâ ? ¦ proc . 28th icrc ( tsukuba   japan )    
optimization flow control   ii : implementation s athuraliya   sh low submitted for  
engineering high performance database-driven e-commerce web sites through dynamic content caching ws li   ks candan   wp hsiung   o po   d agrawal   
incremental exploratory visualization of relationships in large codebases for program comprehension v sinha   r miller   d karger   
enacting and deacting roles in agent programming m dastani   b van riemsdijk   j hulstijn   f dignum     
pathway to carrageenan-induced inflammation in the hind limb of the rat r vinegar   jf truax   jl selph   pr johnston   al fed . proc   1987.0 
sagas hg monila   k salem proc . of acm sigmod   intl conference on management of data    
superrigidity of commensurability subgroups and generalized harmonic maps ga margulis unpublished  
audio keyword generation for sports video analysis m xu   ly duan   lt chia   c xu proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
analysis of http/1 .1 on a wireless network s cheng   k lai   m baker technical report   stanford university    
the universal rights of the child . key concepts for instruction with young learners . lb bennett social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
structural pattern recognition t pavlidis   
very recently   an important book has discussed '' adversarial legalism   '' something similar to my idea det alexis   ina democracy  1956.0 
a study to describe uw-stout campus network mh huang  2000.0 
a failure of ehd lubrication of circumferentially ground disk a dyson proceedings of ime    
the postsynaptic spectrin/4 .1 membrane protein '' accumulation machine '' aj baines   l keating   gw phillips   c scott   
the imp1b projectâ ?? abstract for special session p naude mcloughlin   d and c horan   proceedings of the 15 thannual & hellip ;    
d. schneider   '' a performance analysis of the gamma database machine   '' d dewitt   s ghandeharizadeh proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
issues in ita training programs . dl sequeira   m costantino new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
the numerical simulation of ship waves using cartesian grid methods m sussman   d dommermuth proceedings of the 23rd symposium on naval ship & hellip ;    
recombinational analysis of the rr duplication in maize hk dooner  1971.0 
spinal immobilisation for trauma patients i kwan   f bunn   i roberts cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
solar photovoltaics g boyle see ref    
virtual organizations : two choice problems portal.acm.org   
application of antenna arrays to mobile communications   part ii : beam-forming and direction-of - lc godara  1997.0 
another look at a model for evaluating interface aesthetics dcl ngo   jg byrne   
electronic commerce and web technologies k bauknecht   sk madria   g pernul  2001.0 
proposed variations to the territory plan fb club   
a mollusk survey of klamath and sycan marshes and vicinity tj frest   ej johannes deixis consultants   seattle   washington . ii    
genetic algorithm + simulated annealing = genocop ii : a tool for nonlinear programming z michalewicz   n attia submitted for publication    
repeated sputum inductions induce a transient neutrophilic and eosinophilic response h van der vaart   ds postma   w timens   hf kauffman    2004.0 
encountering search committees . jf lawrence   tj marchese new directions for higher education   1990.0 
quantitative hydrogeology : academic press g de marsily san diego    
specification of the blaze-a-trail interactive trail mapping system l montulli   d collier   s gilliland   j reeves procs . of the intl. conf . serp-2004    
the change masters rm kanter   
lattice machine : version space in hyper relations h wang   i duntsch   g gediga   a skowron   
case survey methodology : quantitative analysis of patterns across case studies r larsson the academy of management journal   1993.0 
generalized gamma networks p sebastiani   m ramoni technical report   university of massachusetts   department of  
forget roiâ ?? just install it r weston   c stedman computerworld    
assessing the prospects for liberal learning and careers . cs green iii   r salem new directions for teaching and learning   1988.0 
ball grid array fine pitch peripheral interconnections js hwang   
applying bootstrap method to simulation output analysis c rea   w shiue   c xu proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface . & hellip ;    
foxbox : a system for manipulating symbolic objects in black box representation . o. gloor   editor   a diaz   e kaltofen  1998.0 
evolving interpretations as a change unfolds : how managers construe key organizational events la isabella the academy of management journal   1990.0 
a '' key '' to lawrence durrell aw friedman wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
women state legislators   womenâ ?? s organizations   and the representation of womenâ ?? s culture in the sj carroll see bystydzienski    
tables for x-ray crystallography ( 1974   vol . iv ) . i metal   m amides   t parameters   g quantities acc . chem .  
cerebrospinal fluid da jerrard   jr hanna   gl schindelheim journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
regression diagnostics : identifying influential data and sources of collinearity da belsley   e kuh   re welsch   
designer drugs '' - a current perspective . da jerrard journal of emergency medicine   1990.0 
'' economic comparisons of data communication services hc ratz   ja field computer  
additional resources . jdw andrews new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0 
disrupting the '' quotidian '' : reconceptualizing the relationship between breakdown and the the da snow   dm cress   l downey   aw jones mobilization-san diego -   1998.0 
just for fun . the story of an accidental revolutionary l torvalds   d diamond   
assessing interdisciplinary learning m field   r lee   ml field new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
design for test of megabit drams r krausâ ? ¦ proc . intâ ?? l test conl    
parlay x web services h lofthouse   mj yates   r stretch bt technology journal   2004.0 
ogneupory ii vishnevskii   ld smirnova no . i    
duration neglect in retrospective evaluations of affective episodes bl fredrickson   d kahneman journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
andm . wolf ( 1998 ) â ?? inferenceforthemeanintheheavy-tailedcase   â ?? jp romano technical report   department of statistics   stanford  
the long haul : an autobiography m horton  1990.0 
assessment instrument training b bogue  1999.0 
model based fault detection and diagnosis methods r isermann & hellip ; of the american control conference   seattle   washington   & hellip ;   1995.0 
the diagnosis of acute appendicitis : clinical assessment versus computed tomography evaluation lk gwynn journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
behavioral level power estimation and exploration r mehra   j rabaey   
trust in close relationships jk rempel   jg holmes   mp zanna journal of personality and social psychology    
seer cancer statistics review   1973-1991 : tables and graphs . national cancer institute . nih pub . no . lag ries   ba miller   bf hankey   cl kosary   a md    
haradome   â ?? temp er atur e depend ece of resistivities of sn0 -based gas sensors exposed to co   h     m nitta   s otani   mj haradone electronic materials    
the inviscid limit for density-dependent incompressible uids r danchin   
vaporware tactics elicit mixed views sj johnston computerworld    
'' a wonderfully terrible place to be '' : learning in practitioner inquiry communities . sl lytle new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
an interpretation of the contemporary catholic understanding.â ?? gh rights  1982.0 
a quantitative histochemical study of 5â ? ² - nucleotidase activity in rat liver using the lead salt wm frederiks   f marx the histochemical journal   1988.0 
oeuvres   vol e laguerre i   '' paris    
modeling epidemic in space and time jf wang annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;    
a fast algorithm for constructing rooted trees from constraints m henzinger   v king   t warnow unpublished  
on the resistivity transient in a quenched aluminum-indium alloy b roebuck   km entwistle phil . mag.   1972.0 
the intelligent recommendation analyzer cc aggarwal   jl wolf   kl wu   ps yu icdcs workshop of knowledge discovery and data mining in the & hellip ;   2000.0 
hydrodynamic and acoustic field detection aj kalmijn sensory biology of aquatic animals   1988.0 
immobilisation and functional treatment for acute lateral ankle ligament injuries in adults gm kerkhoffs   bh rowe   wj assendelft   k kelly   pa cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
privacy-preserving data mining of association rules on horizontally partitioned data m kantarcioglu   c clifton ieee transactions on knowledge and data  
national grid ce proposer   
the promise of entrepreneurship as a field of research s shane   s venkataraman academy of management review   2000.0 
cost-based labeling of groups of spectra l chen   z huang   r ramakrishnan proc . acm-sigmod    
â ?? brien ma   freemantle n   oxman ad   wolf f   davis da   herrin j. continuing education meetings and o thomson cochrane database syst rev    
the turbulence measurement during the intake and compression process for high-turbulence generation ys song   jw hong   jt lee proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
the design and implementation of the nctuns 1 . 0 network simulator sy wang   cl chou   ch huang   cc hwang   zm yang   cc computer networks   2003.0 
supporting userde ned activity spaces w wang   j haake proc . of acm  
on optimal piggyback merging policies cc aggarwal   jl wolf   ps wu proc . acm sigmetricsã cents    
structural query optimizationâ ?? a uniform framework for semantic query optimization in deductive lvs lakshmanan   hj hernã ¡ ndez proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1991.0 
two-way contingency tables with marginally and conditionally imputed nonrespondents h wang  2002.0 
combinatorial classes on the moduli space of curves are tautological . 2003   e-print : math g mondello   
uptake of arsenate   trimethylarsine oxide   and arsenobetaine by the shrimp crangon crangon da hunter   w goessler   ka francesconi marine biology   1998.0 
enriching user-oriented class associations for library classification schemes ht pu electronic library   2003.0 
operational management of telematics systems and services bl de goede   
trends in government endorsed security product evaluations re smith   
similarity judgements and the causes of relational responding d hackett  2000.0 
cognitive mapping abilities of young girls and boys mh matthews geography    
some problems in the philosophy of science of organizations o behling the academy of management review   1978.0 
the zeus agent building tool-kit jc collis   dt ndumu   hs nwana   lc lee bt technology journal   1998.0 
an adaptive signal derivative estimator x yu   jx xu electronic letters    
fatige performance of waterjet peened aluminum alloy : preliminary results [ a ] m ramulu   m jenkins   s kunapomâ ? ¦ proceedings d the international symposium on new & hellip ;    
superconnections and the chern character d quillen to pology  
californiaâ ?? s evolving water markets a case study from 1977 to 2000 . rj mccann   e cutter & hellip ; association international conferences   seattle   washington   & hellip ;    
fast algorithms for mining association rules in databases r agrawal   r srikant the 20th int &#39; l conf . on vldb   chile    
richard . ifo : a formal semantic database model s abiteboul   r hull acm transactions on database systems    
wherefore and what now   uml ? for systems architects   it is the best chance yet at a common language d melewski application development trends   1999.0 
query routing in the terradir distributed directory b silaghi   b bhattacharjee   p keleher submitted for publication   2001.0 
scheduling of scientific workflows in the askalon grid environment m wieczorek   r prodan   t fahringer sigmod record   2005.0 
modelling site selection : a relational matching approach based on fuzzy decision tables f witlox technical university eindhoven   eindhoven    
epiploic appendagitis : a new diagnosis for the emergency physician . two case reports and a review - dr vinson journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
robust techniques for watermarking sequential circuits a oliveira proc . ieee/acm design automation  
modelling the hysteretic characteristics of a magnetorheological fluid damper er wangâ ? ¦ proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2003.0 
message-based part state graphs ( mpsg ) for shop floor control js smith   sb joshi the proceedings of the 2 ~ d lie research conference   los & hellip ;    
quantitative precipitation measurements with dual linear polarisation radar jwf goddard   sm cherry conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;   1984.0 
query execution assurance for outsourced databases r sion proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
a dynamic state of charge model for electric vehicle batteries sk song   kh kim proc . int . electric vehicle symp    
mã © thodes et outils pour la gestion des connaissancesâ ''   dunod   paris   2000 r dieng   o corby   a giboin   j golebiowska   n matta   
resistivity pre-investigations for the hallandsã ¥ s railway tunnel t dahlin   r sturk sweden . procs . underground    
a threat-driven approach to modeling and verifying secure software d xu   k nygard proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
multiresolution video segmentation using wavelet transformation h yu   w wolf proc . spie   1997.0 
a novel microstirrer and arrays for microfluidic mixing l lu   k ryu   c liu see ref    
river-beach interactions on mixed sand and gravel coasts : a geomorphic model for water resource rm kirk applied geography    
reminiscences on influential papers e bertino acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
relay sensor placement in wireless sensor networks x cheng   dz du   l wang   b xu submitted for publication   2003.0 
the h ^ + - pumping v-atpase of higher plants : a versatile '' ecoenzyme '' in response to environmental u luttge   e fischer-schliebs   r ratajczak cellular and molecular biology letters   2001.0 
landfill liner case studies   presentation at '' sanitary landfill design '' course d daniel university of wisconsin    
mapping adaptation under evolving schemas y velegrakis   rj miller   l popa proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
bayesian estimation of parameters of a structural model for genetic covariances between milk yield r rekaya   ka weigel   d gianola proc . 50 thannu . mtg. eaap   zurich   switzerland . wageningen & hellip ;    
archaeological contributions of skeletal lead analysis ac res acc . chem . res   2002.0 
on computing mobile agent routes for data fusion in distributed sensor networks q wu   nsv rao   j barhen   ss iyenger   vk vaishnavi   knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on   2004.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?representing circuits more efficiently in symbolic model checking   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in jr burch   em clarke   de long proc . 28th  
cultural institutions as structures for cognitive change d carr new directions for adult and continuing education   1992.0 
laboratory-based electronic commerce : a comparison of technical and business-oriented student cm parker   pmc swatman   pa swatman   
automatic intelligent data analysis in sensor networks for ispace dd nauck   b majeed bt technology journal   2004.0 
diagnosis in organisational process design p ramos   jl fiadeiro submitted for  
absorption : nature   assessment   and correlates sm roche   km mcconkey journal of personality and social psychology    
a proposed classification scheme for computer program libraries j bolstad acm signum newsletter   1975.0 
abstractions from proofs ta henzinger   r jhala   r majumdar   kl mcmillan   
si-y . dynamic buer allocation in video-on-demand systems sh lee   ys moon   ky whang technical report 00-11-006   advanced information technology  
towards a distributed   environment-centered agent framework jr graham   ks decker lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
jr.   & sudnick   dr ( 1981 ) wd horrocks acc . chem . res    
and 4   ( cd-rom   c2001 by intellectual reserve   inc. )   '' us census   l county   d kentucky   
multimedia information systems : the confluence of technologies and disciplines c goble information and software technology    
mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables   to appear in proc r srikant   r agrawal acm  
new measure of daily coping : development and preliminary results aa stone   jm neale journal of personality and social psychology    
human rights and democratization in turkey in the context of eu candidature c rumford journal of european area studies   2001.0 
ocr and electronic mail . pf polizzano computerworld.   1983.0 
in vitro methods for the study of fusiform rust in association with loblolly pine hv amerson   lj frampton jr   rl mort see ref    
peer-to-peer grid computing with the ourgrid community n andrade   l costa   g germoglio   w cirne   
mr. bloom and mr. joyce : a note on '' heroism '' in '' ulysses '' re kuehn wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?covering points in the plane by k-tours : towards a polynomial time approximation scheme for t asano   n katoh   h tamaki   t tokuyama proc . 29th stoc    
k. wilkinson   '' overview of the jasmin database machine   '' dh fishman   my lai proceedings of the 1984 sigmod conference   boston   ma   june    
a comparison of equating and calibration methods for the test of spoken english db marr unpublished manuscript    
fault detection for sequential machines by transition tours s naito   m tsunoyama proc . ftcs    
watermarking resistance to translation   rotation   and scaling m kutter proceedings of spie   2003.0 
a monadic framework for subcontinuations rk dybvig   a sabry submitted for publication   2004.0 
acquisition and representation of 2d and 3d data from turbulent flows and flames mb long   jk lam   
on the stability of the functional equation f ( xy ) = f ( x ) y   mathematica sm jung to  
data mining with optimized two-dimensional association rules t fukuda   y morimoto   s morishita   t tokuyama acm transactions on database systems   2001.0 
synchronization of the neural response to noisy periodic input   1999 an burkitt   gm clark   
dynamic buffer management for near video-on-demand systems wj tsai   sy lee multimedia tools and applications   1998.0 
preliminary evaluation of hazard and risk rating variables for mountain pine beetle infestations in gd amman   ja anhold amman   gene d.   compiler . proceedingsâ ?? symposium on the & hellip ;    
selling in the era of the '' net ''   integration of electronic commerce in small firms wj kettinger   g hackbarth   
biopolym biospectrosc r desamero   h cheng   s cahill   m girvin   r   
the effect of perceived technological uncertainty on japanese new product development m song   mm montoya-weiss   
isolating an odd number of elements   linearly restrictable sets   and applications in complexity s gupta manuscript   virginia technical  
capillary plugging by granulocytes and the no-reflow phenomenon in the microcirculation gw schmid-schonbein fed proc   1987.0 
an expert system coupled with a hierarchical structure of fuzzy neural networks for fault diagnosis jmf calado   jmg sa da costa applied mathematics and computer science   1999.0 
ussa-universal syntax and semantics analyzer b burshteyn acm sigplan notices   1992.0 
new strain measurement technology for material damage assessment ld thompson   bd westermo proc .  
financial directory of greek companies ( series ) i hellas athens   greece    
k. and larsson   p. petterson   y. wang   and c. weise . new generation of uppaal j bengtsson   f larsen procs . of the intl workshop on software tools for technology & hellip ;    
clusters of atoms and molecules h haberland  1994.0 
a thin film capacitive tactile normal/shear force array sensor ac troy   cl ren proc . ieee-iecon   21st int . conf . industrial electronics   & hellip ;    
behavioral   physiological   and lethal effects of suspended sediment 693-727 on juvenile salmonids cc noggle  1978.0 
ferromagnetism in small clusters ( abstract only ) j merikoski   j timonen   m manninen   p jena oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
deep middleware for the divergent grid p grace   g coulson   gs blair   b porter   
visual diagnosis in emergency medicine dp davis   sr williams journal of emergency medicine    
'' the lord of the rings '' : the novel as traditional romance gh thomson wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
efficient mining for fuzzy implication-based association rules in quantitative databases g chen   p yan   ee kerre international journal of general systems   2004.0 
transient bitflip injection in microprocessor embedded applications r velazco   s rezgui   
causal uncertainty beliefs and diagnostic information seeking g weary   ja jacobson journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
predictive load control for flexible buffer allocation c faloutsos   t sellis vldb   1991.0 
goal-based process analysis j lee proc . acm conference on organizational computing    
games with incomplete information played by '' bayesian '' players   i-iii . part ii . bayesian equilibrium jc harsanyi management science   1968.0 
two papers on schemas and frames ma arbib & hellip ; of massachusetts coins technical report 75c-9   amherst    
the growth of virginia tech and blacksburg since world war ii c johnston   
mapping explanation-basedgeneralization onto soar psrje laird technical report 1111   stanford university   dept. of computer  
a nested relational approach to processing sql subqueries b cao   a badia proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
a framework for diagnosing changes in evolving data streams cc aggarwal   
use of nuclear recators for high-temperature power-engineering industrial processes d na   nd zaichko   bb baturovâ ? ¦ at .  
'' our best classes are life classes '' : the real world and the college classroom . pg beidlerâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
an approximate search engine for structural databases t jason   l wang   x wang   d shasha   ba shapiro   k  2000.0 
'' dirty little cases '' : academic freedom   governance   and professionalism . s slaughter new directions for higher education   1994.0 
the value of internet commerce to the customer rl keeney management science   1999.0 
modelling of power generation investment incentives under uncertainty in liberalised electricity a botterud   m korpã ¥ s   
more than just a pretty face c petzold pc magazine    
analysis of the spatial dynamics of fission product emission from vvã?r fuel elements in transient vm romanov   dv pankratov   lm luzanova   pd at . energ    
tigukat : a uniform behavioral objectbase management system . rj peters  1996.0 
preferential suppression of lymphocyte proliferation by mycophenolic acid and predicted long term ac allison   em eugui transplantation proceedings   1994.0 
evolutionary methods in the design of quaternary digital circuits w wang   
d. d   redell   and jr ellis   â ?? fast mutual exclusion for uniprocessors   â ?? bn bershad proc . acm asplos v    
inst . of stand . tech.   gaithersburg n commerce md    
pspace ( n ) is closed under complement   '' s toda submitted for publication    
the process of magnetization by chemical change g haigh phil . mag    
access path selection 111 a relational database management system pg sehnger   mm astrahan   dd chamberhn   ra lone   tg prcceedmgs of 1979 acm sigmod conference   ( june  
the interplay of affect and cognition in attitude formation and change k edwards journal of personality and social psychology    
degeneration of abelian varieties g faltings   cl chai  1990.0 
the incorporation of technology in interaction : technological innovations in calls to directory m wakin  1996.0 
bringing practical lock-free synchronization to 64-bit applications s doherty   m herlihy   v luchangco   m moir   
continuous culture and monitoring of selected and isolated microorganisms on a chip by thermal f arai   a ichikawa   t fukuda   t katsuragi   
incompleteinformation and dependencies in relational databases   '' tiw lipski proc . acm sigmod int . conf . management of data   san jose   ca & hellip ;    
studies of no x   co   soot formation and oxidation from a direct injection stratified-charge engine sh mansouri   y bakhshan proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
on processing xml in ldap pj marron   g lausen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
a novel validity index for determination of the optimal number of clusters dj kim   yw park   p dong-jo   
sl   '' toward a universal relation interface   '' pros o osborn  1979.0 
a 60 element fiber bragg grating sensor system ma davis   dg bellemore   ma putnam   ad kersey proc .  
recent publications by ibm authors g locking   pru write-ahead   crl bit   em studies   acm transactions on database systems   1992.0 
cdd/cdd # reference manual   ( 0.61 ( cdd ) 0.75 ( cdd # )   ed . ) k fukuda zurich   switzerland : institute for operations research    
electronic commerce in the real world pa jenkins bt technology journal   1999.0 
time-sharing jn bairstow electronic design    
test case selection with or without replacement h leung   th tse   ft chan   ty chen information and software technology    
co-authors   1994   '' kc partington a demonstration system for monitoring sea ice from spaceâ ?? & hellip ;    
a conjugate gamma model for durations in transaction data a lunde unpublished manuscript    
a new high efficiency power amplifier for modulated waves wh doherty proc . ire    
1.3 beta windows nt 1474 856 523 -- '' java . lang jdk sun outofmemoryerror ''  
learning patterns in noisy data : the aq approach rs michalski   ka kaufman   
infection in chronic wounds : controversies in diagnosis and treatment g dow   a browne   rg sibbald   
automated laser welding system for drive shaft boot band i maruyama   k fukuda & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry   proceedings   25 th & hellip ;   1992.0 
the role of cd15 - ( le x ) - related carbohydrates in neutrophil adhesion ma kerr   s craig stocks the histochemical journal   1992.0 
motor neuropathy am corse   md crawford   r cornblath   
comments on '' social structures and mental disorders : competing hypotheses of explanation '' by hw em gruenberg see ref    
clio : schema mapping as query discovery rj miller   l haas   m hernandez proceedings of the 26th vldb conference   cairo   egypt    
enzymic potential for fructose 6-phosphate phosphorylation by guard cells and by palisade cells in drc hite   mj bodson   wh outlaw the histochemical journal   1992.0 
estimating the number of clusters in a dataset via the gap statistic g statistic   r tibshirani   g walther   t hastie  2000.0 
h. and ps yu . clustering by pattern similarity in large data sets h wang proc . the acm sigmod international conference on management  
summary of the symposium '' smoking in focus '' on april 29/30th   1976 p isenring zurich/switzerland . zurich : gottlieb duttweiler-institute    
data management in an international data grid project w hoschek   j jaen-martinez   a samar   h stockinger   lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
a guide through the vatican caves : a study of the structure of '' les caves du vatican '' ma geracht wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
ultimate disposal of liquid wastes by chemical fixation jr conner proc . 29th annual purdue industrial waste conference    
lightning induced voltages on distribution lines close to buildings a piantini   jm janiszewski proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference on  
escrow   '' hostages   '' and cooperation cz qin   
hmm speech recognition using polyphone clustering decision trees   '' j fritsch   m finke   a waibel   cdh hme procs icassp    
an analysis pattern for reservation and use of entities eb fernandez   x yuan procs . of pattern languages  
windowsnt 3.5 r cowart  1995.0 
schema mapping as query discovery m hernandez   r miller   l haas proc . sigmod conf.   page    
knowledge-directed learning using multiple levels of pattern description em soloway university of massachusetts coins technical  
watermarking relational data : framework   algorithms and analysis r agrawal   pj haas   j kiernan the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
changes in the region of the choriocapillaris in ageing and degeneration shimizu   k oosterhuis   j sh sarks proceedings of the 23rd concilium ophthalmologicum   kyoto   & hellip ;    
a strategic approach to software protection o shy   jf thisse computerworld   1986.0 
youssefi ( 1976 )   '' e wong decomposition-a strategy for query processing ''   acm  
virtual io : preemptible disk access z dimitrijeviä ?   e chang proceedings of the tenth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2002.0 
the extremal function for kâ ?? 8 minors zx song   
processing xml in ldap and its application to caching pj marron phd thesis   universitat freiburg   october  
towards a self-adapting centralized concurrency control algorithm   '' acm sigmod int h boral   i gold conf . on management of data   boston   ma   may    
an adaptive congestion control scheme for real-time packet video transport   '' k hemant   p mishra   a reibman proc . acm sigcom    
time analysis of consult service emergency department admission process compared with emergency g quick journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
'' lysbet and the fire kittens '' : a historical inquiry . bml bisland social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
experience with the 3-phenylpropionic acid loading test for diagnosis of medium-chain acyl-coa w lehnert padiatrie und padologie   1993.0 
a martingale framework for concept change detection in time-varying data streams ss ho   
interpersonal and intrapsychic adaptiveness of trait self-enhancement : a mixed blessing ? dl paulhus journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
cytology of burkittâ ?? s lymphoma ( african lymphoma ) rjv pulvertaft lancet i    
the aftermarket performance of initial public offerings in latin america r aggarwal   r leal   l hernandez   
self-stabilizing real-time ops 5 production systems amk cheng   s fujii ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
p63 immunostaining in destained bronchoscopic cytological specimens v shtilbans   ah szporn   m wu   de burstein   
program development and performance monitoring on the monsoon dataflow multiprocessor . computation gm papadopoulos  1989.0 
evaluation of job-scheduling strategies for grid computing v hamscher   u schwiegelshohn   a streit   r lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
morphological mapping rs waters geography    
prrs : diagnosis hs joo proceedings of the allen d. leman swine conference    
on using partial supervision for text categorization cc aggarwal   sc gates ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
human rights education : a framework for social study from the interpersonal to the global j schmidt   p manson social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
is and line managers need to close the gap j champy computerworld    
fast mars jh friedman  1993.0 
genetic mapping in a citrus x poncirus f 2 population ml roose   dc jarrell   rs kupper proc int soc citriculture    
supplier competition   uncertainty   and make-or-buy decisions g walker   d weber the academy of management journal   1987.0 
room temperature pulsed operation of a gainn multiple-quantum-well laser diode with an optimized f nakamura   t kobayashi   t asatsuma   k funato   k   
dense dc-dc converters actively share stress d maliniak electronic design    
organizations unfettered : organizational form in an information-intensive economy j child   
andr . srikant . information sharingacrossprivate databases r agrawal   a evmievski proc . of the 2003acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . on managementof  
some optimal inapproximability results j h & tad proc . of the 28th annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;    
analysis of direct boundary-domain integral equations for a mixed bvp with variable coefficient   ii o chkadua   se mikhailov   d natroshvili submitted for  
fabrication of off-axis holographic fresnel lens used as multiplexer/demultiplexer in optical x ren   s liu   x zhang proceedings of spie   2004.0 
the   ls   & leising pa milne md    
transactive memory in close relationships dm wegner   r erber   p raymond journal of personality and social psychology   1991.0 
partialscan ip opselectionforsimulation-basedsequential atpg 's   '' f corno   p prinetto   m rebaudengo   m sonzareorda proc . int . test conf    
multisite evaluations in criminal justice settings : structural obstacles to success wg skogan   aj lurigio new directions for program evaluation    
immunology of atherosclerosis r kleindienst   q xu   j willeit   fr waldenberger   s demonstration of heat shock protein    
quintary trees : a file structure for multidimensionzil database systems dt lee   ck wong acm transactions on database systems   1980.0 
fauna graeciae ii f willemse hellenic zoological society   athens   greece    
parallel data paths in two-headed disk systems a vakali   y manolopoulos information and software technology   1997.0 
'' a wise but lonely wanderer '' : how professors avoid getting bored -- and boring . pg beidlerâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
facial-feature image coding using principal components   '' jw welsh   d shah electronic letters   1992.0 
effect of the operation of nuclear-powered submarines on the radioecological environment in the far va danilyan   vl vysotskii   yv sivintsevâ ? ¦ at .  
desorption induced by de ramaker electronic  
current shifts in abrupt climate change : na conveyor   
translating dependency into parametricity s tse   s zdancewic   
social and cultural implications of implementing â ?? a conservation strategy for the northern spotted rg lee seattle   washington    
queueing network models for concurrent transaction processing in a database system kb irani   hl lin proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
concurrent object-oriented programming using term graph rewriting techniques   1996 ga papadopoulos information and software  
agrawal   r. ; srikant   r. : fast algorithms for mining association rules s agrawal proceedings of the 20th international conference of very & hellip ;    
the membrane-cleaners interaction effect in ultrafiltration vo nwuha environment protection engineering   1992.0 
fastalgorithmsformining association rules rar srikant proc . of the vldb conference   santiago   chile   september    
quantitative swab culture versus tissue biopsy : a comparison in chronic wounds tj bill   cr ratliff   am donovan   lk knox   rf ostomy wound management   2001.0 
methods for encrypting and decrypting mpeg video data efficiently l tang   
on the c-theorem in more than two dimensions   int . conf . \ \ non-perturbative quantum effects 2000 ''   a cappelli   g dã cents   rg appollonio   n magnoli ed . d. bernard and b. julia   jhep proceedings  
incremental grid growing : encoding high-dimensional structure into a two-dimensional feature map j blackmore   r miikkulainen   
quantitative enzyme histochemistry of rat foetal brain and trigeminal ganglion p chieco   p hrelia   g lisignoli   g cantelli-forti the histochemical journal   1988.0 
optimal allocation of resources in distributed information networks s mahmoud   js riordon acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
place : protocol for location and coordinate estimation -- a wireless sensor network approach y zhang   l cheng computer networks   2004.0 
how far is distance learning from education ` in on the internet hl dreyfus  2001.0 
catching sites . internet search engines   '' pc magazine pc magazine ''   vi    
how high is up ? calibrating social comparison in the real world ta nosanchuk   bh erickson journal of personality and social psychology    
evidence of selling by managers after seasoned equity offering announcements m gombola   
hydroj : object-oriented pattern matching for evolvable distributed systems k lee   a lamarca   c chambers   
axiomatization of dynamic schema evolution in objectbases rj peters   
generalized hermite polynomials : a short survey m lassalle unpublished  
catching up or falling behind ? economic performance and regional trajectories in the '' new europe '' m dunford   a smith economic geography    
social learning theory as a framework for the study of adult personality development im ahammer see ref    
the advent of green computer design l goldberg ieee computer   1998.0 
fast flip-chip power grid analysis via locality and grid shells e chiprout   
calibrating inpuff-2 by resident-panelists for long-distance odor dispersion from animal feedlots ld jacobson   h guo   dr schmidt   re nicolai procs . of the 2 ndinternational conference on air pollution from  
a pattern system for the development of collaborative applications la guerrero   da fuller information & software technology   2001.0 
efficient time-domain bandwidth allocation for video-on-demand systems k chang   h kung   
quantitative genetic studies and population improvement in maize and sorghum co gardner proc int conf quant genet    
cleaning and querying noisy sensors e elnahrawy   b nath proceedings of acm wsnaâ ?? 03   2003.0 
parallel similarity search and alignment with the dynamic programming method ar galper   dl brutlag   
queueing model based network server performance control l sha   x liu   y lu   t abdelzaher proceedings of the 23rd ieee real-time systems symposium ( & hellip ;   2002.0 
a query language for manipulating object-oriented databases   '' am alashqur   syw su   h lam proceedings of the fifth international conference on vldb   & hellip ;    
heterogeneous database query optimization in db2 universal datajoiner 24th conf . on very large s venkataraman   t zhang new york    
focusing criterion m charfi   a nyeck   a tosser electronic  
relational computation for mining association rules from xml data hc liu   j zeleznikow proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
general match : a subsequence matching method in time-series databases based on generalized windows ys moon   ky whang   ws han sigmod conference   2002.0 
supporting similarity queries in mars   '' yr michaelortega   sm kaushikchakrabarti   sh thomas proc . of acm conf . on multimedia    
transplantation of heart   pancreas   spleen   and kidney to the neck in rats m olaussen   l mjoerstedt   b frisk   h bryunger   l proc int microsurg soc    
capturing the '' economic imagination '' : a treasury of children 's books to meet content standards a kehler social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
comparative study of two congestion pricing schemes : auction and tatonnement x wang   h schulzrinne computer networks   2004.0 
ws-gaf : a grid application framework based on web services specifications and practices . s parastatidis   j webber   p watson   t rischbeck submitted for publication    
national rural services survey 2000 c agency isbn    
inside microsoft com + base services g eddon   h eddon  1999.0 
thetheoryofprobabilistic databases r cavallo   m pittarelli proc . vldb    
querying and mining data streams : you only get one look a tutorial mn garofalakis   j gehrke   r rastogi sigmod conference   2002.0 
'' did they actually really believe this ? '' authentic medical documents as a window on the past . j riley social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
bases in equivariant k-theory   ii   represent c lusztig tb . ( electronic )    
oedipus and existentialism : '' les gommes '' of robbe-grillet b morrissette wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1960.0 
scientific autobiography and other papers m planck   
a multiple watermarking algorithm based on cdma technique f zou   z lu   h ling proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
on pairs of once punctured tori t jrgensen unpublished  
a cost model for clustered object-oriented databases g gardarin   jr gruser   zh tang proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;   1995.0 
utilization of a glucagon infusion in the management of a massive nifedipine overdose j papadopoulos   mg oneil journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
kanata : adaptation and evolution in data sharing systems paafa kementsietsidis   rjmy velegrakis sigmod record   2004.0 
experimental set-up for measurement of gpr antenna radiation pattern r de jong   a yarovoy   l ligthart proc . of the 28th european microwave conference . amsterdam    
similarity query processing using disk arrays a papadopoulos   y manolopoulos   
muã ± oz   '' tigukat : a uniform behavioral objectbase management system mt ã?zsu   r peters   d szafron   b irani   a lipka vldb  
prefixspan : mining sequential patterns by prefix-projected growth j pel   j han   b mortazavi-asl   h pinto   q chen   u proc . 17th ieee international conference on data engineering & hellip ;    
using transposition for pattern discovery from microarray data f rioult   jf boulicaut   b cremilleux   j besson   
the discursive nature of environmental conflicts : the case of the oresund link hd linnros   po hallin area   2001.0 
ethical decision making by individuals in organizations : an issue-contingent model tm jones the academy of management review   1991.0 
cc : web services eventing ( ws-eventing ) lf cabreraâ ? ¦ technical report   microsoft   bea systems and tibco software (  
a benefit-cost analysis of the supported work experimentâ '' â '' p kemper   d long   c thornton the national supported work demonstration    
semiclassical limit of the schrodinger equation with a partially conning potential nb abdallah   f mehats   
error detection and recovery for syntax directed compiler systems rp leinius  1970.0 
acyclovir therapy of epstein-barr virus-induced posttransplant lymphoproliferative diseases dw hanto   g frizzera   kj gajl-peczalska   hh transplant proc    
enabling . enabling dynamic content caching for database-driven web sites ks candan   ws li   q luo   wp hsiung   d agrawal acm  
'' lolita '' and '' les liaisons dangereuses '' ao aldridge wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1961.0 
mobile agent technology for the management of distributed systems - a case study c raibulet   c demartini computer networks   2000.0 
å?ªé ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ç ?? é ?? è ¯ '' æ ² '' ç ?? æ ³ ? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # tiger drs   seattle   washington   usa    
ceo   bt global services a green bt technology journal   2004.0 
response to â ?? a close look at the ifo data modelâ ?? s abiteboul   r hull acm sigmod record   1995.0 
mining generfized association rules r srikant   r agrawal proc . 1995 int . conf . very large data bases   zrich    
organizational inertia and momentum : a dynamic model of strategic change d kelly   tl amburgey the academy of management journal   1991.0 
why does n't eda get enough respect ? ar newton proceedings of the 2000 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;    
concurrency control in database systems : a step towards the integration of optimistic methods and g lausen proceedings of the  
background characteristics of ge ( li ) detector in multilayer passive protection mg davydov   ib rakhmanov   ap mikhelev at .  
development of a profile approach to learning style diagnosis me ehrman   bl leaver unpublished manuscript    
performance analysis of systems with multi-channel communication architectures k lahiri   
limnological analysis rg wetzel   ge likens  2000.0 
data grid for large-scale medical image archive and analysis hk huang   a zhang   b liu   z zhou   j documet   n proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
teaching about goods and services using benny 's pennies . pull-out 1 . c mcgrew social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
uncertainty modelling and structured singular value computation applied to an electro-mechanical m steinbuch   jc terlouw   oh bosgra   sg smit iee proceedings-d   1992.0 
auditing compliance with a hippocratic database r agrawal   r bayardo   c faloutsos   j kiernan   r proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
behavioral genetics r plomin   
a region splitting strategy for physical database design of multidimensional file organizations jh lee   yk lee   ky whang vldb   1997.0 
dynamics of ip traffic : a study of the role of variability and the impact of control   acm sigcomm a feldmann   ac gilbert   p huang   w willinger acm press   new  
rising above the hate of warâº   translated by yoshida jiro s hiroya unpublished  
irani . combinatorialandexperimentalresults for randomized point matching algorithms p raghavanands proc . 12th . acm . scg    
injury prevention coordinator : an opportunity for emergency nurses ka hansen   se shapiro journal of emergency nursing   1996.0 
the determination of efficient record segmentations and blocking factors for shared data files st march   dg serverance acm transactions on database systems   1977.0 
the yellow active queue management algorithm c long   b zhao   x guan   j yang   c long   b zhao   x computer networks   2005.0 
efficiently monitoring relational databases op buneman   ek clemons acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1979.0 
supernova neutrinos ( abstract only ) j peltoniemi oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
the nag library '' machine '' b ford   j bentley acm signum newsletter   1977.0 
mining generalized association rules ( expanded version ) r srikant   r agrawal technical report rj9963   ibm research division   almaden research  
mining association rules between sets of items in large databases r agrawal   a swami  1993.0 
market response to product-strategy and capital-expenditure announcements in singapore : investment ss chen   
jointschedulingand admissioncontrolforats-based switching nodes jm hyman   aa lazar   g pacifici proceedings of acm sigcomm    
access protocol for a broadcast channel w xu   gcadq ransom proc . acm  
upper cambrian-lowermost ordovician stratigraphy and microbialites of the great basin   usa rs shapiro  1998.0 
strictly nonblocking grooming of dynamic traffic in unidirectional sonet/wdm rings using genetic y xu   sc xu   bx wu computer networks   2003.0 
thoughts on inverse orthogonal matrices jj sylvester phil . mag    
a two-torus oscillator r rassai   rw newcomb proc . 28th midwest symp . on circuits and systems   louisville & hellip ;    
a study of subcrustal earthquake pair occurrences in the vrancea ( romania ) region v mã cents rza   z malita proc . xxiv gen. assembly esc   athens   greece    
completion of pilot wind energy survey in southern queensland cn jones   td berrill   po fries  1987.0 
business models for electronic commerce p timmers electronic markets    
true-view videoconferencing system through 3-d impression of telepresence lq xu   a loffler   pj sheppard   d machin bt technology journal   1999.0 
electronic commerce : enhancing performance in specialty retailing jw palmer electronic markets    
software tools for the calculation of lightning-induced voltages on complex distribution systems a borghetti   ja gutierrez   ca nucci   m paolone   e proc . of 26th int . conf . on lightning protection   iclp   & hellip ;    
mining association rules between sets of items in large databases 1993 . 10p r agrawal   t imielinski   a swami proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod conference washington dc    
why do national labor market practices continue to diverge in the global economy ? the '' missing link '' s christopherson economic geography    
only you can prevent an mis shortage f withington computerworld    
pattern recognition using a family of design algorithms based upon the generalized probabilistic s katagiri   bh juang   ch lee proceedings-ieee   1998.0 
some properties of a novel far uv xenon excimer barrier discharge light source k stockwald   m neiger contributions to plasma physics   1995.0 
a designer for dbms-processing logical database structures k irani   s purkayastha   tj teo-rey proc 5th int . conf . very large data bases ( acm )   oct    
proton-neutron symmetry in boson models of nuclear structure ( abstract only ) po lipas oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
fixation and isolation of microorganisms by local viscosity control of methyl cellulose solution f arai   a ichikawa   t fukuda   t katsuragi procs . of the micro total analysis  
beauty production at the cern proton-antiproton collider ( abstract only ) c albajar   r kinnunen   j tuominiemi   v karimaki   m oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
evolving greenfield passive optical networks e bonsma   n karunatillake   r shipman   m shackleton bt technology journal   2003.0 
'' cultural industries '' in sweden : an assessment of their place in the swedish economy d power economic geography    
efficient algorithm for projected clustering enk ka   aw fu   
â ?? finite-element coupling matrices p daly electronic lett    
'' measurement of the value of for 235u   238u   and 239pu in the active zone of the bor-60 reactor vs prokopenko   av inchagov   yb novikovâ ? ¦ at .  
an approximate search engine for structural databases jtl wang   x wang   d shasha   ba shapiro   k zhang proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod int . conf . on management & hellip ;   2000.0 
architectureand applicationsof the connectionmachine   '' l tucker   g robertson ieee computer    
â ? ³ making deductive database a practical technology : a step forward.â ? ³ acm sigmod international g kiernan   c de maindreville   e simon sigmod record    
cytophotometry of nucleic acids ad deitch introduction to quantitative cytochemistry    
statically checkable pattern abstractions . in the acm sigplan international conference on functional m fahndrich   j boyland  1997.0 
t1gukat : a uniform behavioral objectbase management system mt ozsu   r peters   d szafron   b irani   a lipka   a vldb journal    
a short study on the success of the gene ontology m bada   r stevens   c goble   y gil   m ashburner   ja journal of web semantics   2004.0 
improvement of a digital pid algorithm with rate limitation on mv change k hiroi   k nagakawa proc . 28th sice annual conference    
limiting disclosure in hippocratic databases k lefevre   r agrawal   v ercegovac   r ramakrishnan   proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
fast algorithms for projective clustering cc aggarwal   cm procopiuc   jl wolf   ps yu   js park proc . of acm-sigmod intl. conf . on management of data    
conflictingrulingsoncarpaltunnel m blodgett   r scheier computerworld    
venus behind the clouds ( abstract only ) j raitala   t tormanen   k kauhanen proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
an empirical study on gas '' without parameters '' t back   ae eiben   nal van der vaart lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
towards a pattern language for web services architecture a arsanjani   
evaluation of a laparoscopic video trainer with in-built measures of performance j hance   r aggarwal   s undre   h patel   a darzi proc . 13th sls meeting and endoexpo 29th septemberâ ?? 2nd & hellip ;    
handbook of optical constants of solids ii 1academic ed palik san diego    
fastâ ?? a research project in electronic commerce al neches electronic  
'' salina e svelto '' : the symbolism of change in '' il gattopardo '' a evans   c evans wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 
mdâ ?? 94 & keith s. somers dr moss   
overpressure protection in silicon low-pressure sensor u aljancic   d resnik   d vrtacnik   s amon proc . int . conf . microel .  
the use of session control in davic to provide interactive multimedia services rd miles   pw reece   l boon bt technology journal   1998.0 
scanningaugermicroscopyoflaser-producedcuionsimplanted in silicon am mezzasalma   l torrisi   s gammino   g mondio   g proc . 28th eclim    
â ?? radioactive change e rutherford   f soddy phil . mag    
between mdps and semi-mdps : learning   planning   learning and sequential decision making rs sutton   d precup   sp singh  1998.0 
integrating video and text via representations of narrative a salway   m graham   e tomadaki   y xu procs . aaai spring symposium    
a framework for projected clustering of high dimensional data streams c aggarwal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
indoor scene reconstruction from sets of noisy range images rt whitaker   j gregor   pf chen 3-d digital imaging and modeling   1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ;   1999.0 
shrikant . mining association rules between sets of items in large databases r agrawal   t imielinski andr proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of  
directory of evaluation training programs rm may   m fleischer   cj scheirer   gb cox new directions for program evaluation   1986.0 
visual studio takes big step s gaudin computerworld    
ve4ma   '' selection of an optimum dish feed   '' bw malowanchuk proceedings of the 23rd conference of the central states vhf  
pattern classification and scene analysis ro duda   pe hart  1973.0 
inorganic ion exchangers in chemical analysis m qureshi  1991.0 
comment on a proposed two-stage theory of relationship formation : first   repulsion ; then attraction me rosenbaum journal of personality and social psychology    
calculation of transient processes at direct lightning stroke into thin wire structures hd brã 1/4 ns   h singer   f demmel & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatability   zurich   switzerland    
bidirectional migration of seqa-bound hemimethylated dna clusters and pairing of oric copies in s hiraga   c ichinose   t onogi   h niki   m yamazoe genes to cells   2000.0 
thouzot   '' une prã © sentation de la mã © thode des ã © lã © ments finis ''   maloine sa   paris   1981 g dhatt   
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ é ?? è ¯ '' æ ² '' ç ?? æ ³ ? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # tiger drs   seattle   washington   usa    
fast algorithms for mining association rules in large database a rakesh   r srikant  1994.0 
assessment of basic social skills re riggio journal of personality and social psychology    
managing uncertainty in sensor databases r cheng   s prabhakar sigmod record   2003.0 
immunoregulatory and cytokine imbalances in the pathogenesis of iddm : therapeutic intervention by a rabinovitch diabetes-new  
an imprecise real-time image magnification algorithm ld nguyen   amk cheng proc . int &#39; l conf . multimedia systems    
generalized sobolev inequalities and asymptotic behaviour in fast diffusion and porous medium m del pino   j dolbeault submitted for publication   1999.0 
efficient query refinement for image retrieval   ieee conf . on comp c nastar   m mitschke   c meihac vis . and pattern recognition   santa barbara   california    
mapping contested terrains : schoolrooms and streetcorners in urban belize c rutheiser see ref    
schema mapping as query discovery rj miller   lm haas   ma hernã ¡ ndez proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;   2000.0 
the affective responses of ethnic minority readers to indigenous ghetto literature : a measurement ll sherrill  1972.0 
a theory of communicating sequential processes sd brookes   car hoare   aw roscoe journal of the acm ( jacm )   1984.0 
svâ `` footballâ '' ve encarta  1993.0 
an in-vitro immunological assay for diagnosis of coeliac disease a ashkenazi   d idar   zt handzel   m ofarim   s levin lancet i   1978.0 
on secure scalar product computation for privacy-preserving data mining b goethals   s laur   h lipmaa   
get to telework . j halpin pc magazine    
the next 10 000 ~ 2 years : part ii t lewis ieee computer    
mining generalized association rules ; proceedings of the 21 r srikant   r agrawal vldb  
a   poore   jh   '' statistical testing for cleanroom software engineering   '' j whittaker proceedings of the 25 thhawai international conference on  
toxic contaminants in puget sound wildlife j calambokidis   jb buchanan   gh steiger   jr us environmental protection agency   seattle   washington    
optimization of the tractive performance of four-wheel-drive tractors : theoretical analysis and jy wong   nb mclaughlin   z knezevic   s burtt proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   1998.0 
wang tiles for image and texture generation mf cohen   j shade   s hiller   o deussen acm transactions on graphics ( tog )   2003.0 
generalized entropy functions and bregman divergence ap dawid unpublished manuscript    
mining quantitative association rules in large relational tables r agrawal   r srikant  1996.0 
on the identification of categories and choices for specification-based test case generation ty chen   pl poon   sf tang   th tse information and software technology   2004.0 
active measurement for multiple link failures diagnosis in ip networks hx nguyen   p thiran lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
grid data management systems & services a jagatheesan   r moore proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
investigations on the establishment of dgps services in china c peng-fei technical university of graz    
quality-of-service differentiation in an integrated services gsm/gprs network r litjens   rj boucherie submitted for  
efficient construction of regression trees with range and region splitting m yasuhiko   i hiromu   m shinichi proceedings of the 23rd vldb conference   1997.0 
gender inequalities in the labor market in turkey : differentials in wages   industrial & occupational r selim   ä ° ä ° lkkaracan   
culture traits   strength   and organizational performance : moving beyond '' strong '' culture gs saffold iii the academy of management review   1988.0 
netbook-knowledge based support for readers and writers d shasha proceedings of vldb    
shallow parsing with conditional random fields f sha   f pereira proceedings of hltnaacl   2003.0 
history mystery : a documents-based lesson on women 's rights as libresco social studies and the young learner   2000.0 
v. chi   fp brooks   jr.   wv wright   rs williams   and ej snyder ( 1993 ) . the nanomanipulator : a virtual ii taylor   wr rm proceedings of acm  
vhdbs : a federated database system for electronic commerce b holtkamp   n weiã?enberg   
seattle system frees courts from paper chase . js bozman computerworld.   1991.0 
algorithms for imprecise computations jws liu   kj lin   wk shih   ac yu   jy chung   w zhao ieee computer    
notkin   decoupling change from design m van hilst proc . acm sigsoft    
ii . 1986 . are age-structured data and analysis necessary for fisheries management jt quinn & hellip ; international biomathematics conference   seattle    
comments on '' a practical ( t   n ) threshold proxy signature scheme based on the rsa cryptosystem '' g wang   f bao   j zhou   rh deng ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
automatic optimization of high gain antenna arrays s lindenmeier   p russer proc . int . conf . microtechnologies    
protection of documents t matsumoto submitted for  
youâ ?? ve got dirty mail c lindquist computerworld    
the display style file sources are contained in the source directory graphics d styles   
a q-factor enhancement technique for mmic inductors in silicon technology m danesh   jr long   r hadaway   d harame proc . int . microwave symp    
representations of bundles of semichained sets and their applications vm bondarenko algebra i analiz    
preserving mapping consistency under schema changes y velegrakis   rj miller   l popa the vldb journal   2004.0 
industrial ecology . 2nd prentice hall 2003 te graedel   
on sensor fusion between a pair of heterogeneous robots l andersson   
the use of a linguistically motivated language model in conversational speech recognition w wang   a stolcke   mp harper   
coupling developmental rules and evolution to aid in planning network growth r shipman   p botham   p coker bt technology journal   2000.0 
java tools get real rv dragan pc magazine-american edition -    
beckler family tree homepage   ( http://home . cdsnet . net/beckler / )   '' s beckler   
cityof long beach   â ?? do clarke   
mining generalized association rules in large relational tables r sirkant   r agrawal proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management data    
sniffer tracks more than just web hits c babcock computerworld    
o'connor   picojava : adirectexecution engine for java bytecode   '' h mcghan andm ieee  
a and enderby je 1967 r howe phil . mag    
geodetic sets in graphs g chartrand   f harary   p zhang discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2000.0 
resource description framework ( rdf ) schema specification . proposed recommendation http://www . w3 . d brickley   rv guha proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
a novel method for replacement of the dislodged tracheostomy tube : the nasogastric tube '' guidewire '' js young   wj brady   b kesser   d mullins journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
non-linear time-series models of ethernet traffic k chandra   c you   g olowoyeye   c thompson   
an international survey of industrial applications of formal methods . technicalreport   us d craigen   s gerhart   t ralston   
draft of a paper ( or series of papers ) on chaitinâ ?? s work ... done for the most part during the rm solovay unpublished  
the asilomar report on database research b authors sigmod record 27 ( 4 )    
topics in combinatorial games jm ettinger  1996.0 
functional morphology of the mouthparts of varroa jacobsoni and tropilaelaps clareae as a basis for da griffiths see ref    
parametric probabilistic sensor network routing cl barrett   sj eidenbenz   l kroc   m marathe   jp proceedings of the 2nd acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
on page-based optimistic process checkpointing d hulse proceedings of the 4th international workshop on object - & hellip ;   1995.0 
second-order semantic web t margaria   b steffen   
adaptive scheduling for master-worker applications on the computational grid e heymann   ma senar   e luque   m livny lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
whither data mining ? r agrawal   r srikant   
psychiatric services on campus . rl arnstein new directions for higher education   1973.0 
si-y . dynamic buffer allocation in video-on-demand systems sh lee   ys moon   ky whang technical report 00-11-006   advanced information technology  
negative ecological effects of the musk thistle biocontrol agent   rhinocyllus conicus frã ¶ l sm louda see ref    
punti funzione uml : stato dellâ ?? arte e ipotesi di modelli di valutazione g calavaro   g cantone   d pace procs . of aica03   trento   italy   sept    
intracellular myocardial recordings in vivo during sustained and transient ventricular fibrillation m manoach   rf wyatt d &#39; alche p. advances in electrocardiology ( proceedings on the & hellip ;    
faster deterministic dictionaries r pagh   
gisicas : a gis-interfaced computational-process model for activity scheduling in advanced traveler mp kwan  1994.0 
orthogonal optimization of subqueries and aggregation ca galindo-legaria   m joshi sigmod conference   2001.0 
homogeneous transmutation of am   cm   and np in a fast brest reactor ik ganev   av lopatkin   vv orlov at .  
manufactured vulnerability : eco-activist tactics in britain b doherty mobilization-san diego -   1999.0 
database graph views : a practical model to manage persistent graphs a gutierrez   p pucheral   h steffen   jm thevenin proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 
s-plus for arcview gis-users guide version 1.0 '' and '' s-plus spatial stat . '' m inc data analysis products division   seattle   washington   april    
using catalogues to track institutional viability and change . mj amey new directions for higher education   1992.0 
scott corson institute for systems research university of maryland college park m authorsâ ?? addresses   
decentralized multi-echelon supply chains : incentives and information h lee   s whang management science   1999.0 
application of dc transfer characteristics in the elimination of redundant vectors for transient s chandrasekar   ti india   v visvanathan   gk   
utilisation of vesicular-arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in citrus orchards t ishii   k kadoya proc . int . soc . citriculture    
a close look at flenfluramine and dexfenfluramine le vivero   po anderson   rf clark journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
seer cancer statistics review   1973â ?? 1991 : tables and graphs . nih pub . 96-2789 . national cancer cl kosary   lag ries   ba miller   bf hankey   a md    
cost-based selection of path expression in object-oriented databases g gardarin   j gruser   z tang proc . 22nd international conference on very large data bases  
the categorial status of determiners g giusti the new comparative syntax   1997.0 
dynamic parsers and evolving grammars s cabasino   ps paolucci   gm todesco acm sigplan notices   1992.0 
manual for the laboratory temperament assessment battery ( version 1 ) hh goldsmith   mk rothbart unpublished manuscript    
ypaâ ?? an intelligent directory enquiry assistant a de roeck   u kruschwitz   p neal   p scott   s steel bt technology journal   1998.0 
implementation and evaluation of decision trees with range and region splitting y morimoto   t fukuda   s morishita   t tokuyama constraints   1997.0 
evaluating the effects of transient faults on vehicle dynamic performance in automotive systems f corno   f esposito   ms reorda   s tosato   
fit   simplicity and risk : multiple paths to strategic it change pw yetton   jf craig   kd johnston proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1995.0 
musil 's anselm and '' the motivated life '' w braun wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
invertebrate predator-prey interactions in streams kw kratz  1997.0 
irrigating fluids and their absorption and exceretion during transurethral resection of the prostate po madsen university of  
chaos in electronic circuits t matsumoto ieee   proceedings   1987.0 
116 : limitation of exposure to ionizing radiation . national council on radiation protection and n report md    
the value of flexibility : the case of a dual-fuel industrial steam boiler n kulatilaka   
distribution of 137 cs and 90 sr reserves in the techa floodplain in the region of brodokalmak ap govorun   av chesnokov   sb shcherbak at . energ    
smart cards in electronic commerce nt trask   mv meyerstein bt technology journal   1999.0 
quest synthetic data generator r agrawal   r srikant ibm almaden research center   san jose   california   h ttp : / /  
evaluating integrated electronic commerce systems dm lincke electronic markets   1998.0 
ohio marriage index   ( http://198.30 . 212.15 / )   '' c county   
the international itb database working group ( 2001 )   â ?? formation condition of internal transport t fukuda proc . 28th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma  
on lines and planes of closest fit to systems in space k pearson phil . mag    
a topic in '' the waste land '' : traditional rhetoric and eliot 's individual talent r bates wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1964.0 
'' the alexandria quartet '' : form and fiction lt lemon wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1963.0 
a prosody-only decision-tree model for disfluency detection e shriberg   r bates   a stolcke   
geology of the olympus mons region of mars kl tanaka ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1983.0 
a flat panel detector for digital radiology using active matrix readout of amorphous selenium w zhao   i blevis   s germann   ja rowlands   d proc . spie   1996.0 
hierarchical compactor design for diagnosis in deterministic logic bist p wohl   ja waicukauski   s patel   c hay   e proceedings of the 23rd ieee vlsi test symposium ( vts &#39; 05 ) - & hellip ;   2005.0 
caps-plasma spectrometer for the cassini spacecraft [ abstract only ] p tanskanen   k mursula   v kelha   h huomo in its proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
prevention of type 2 diabetes : the role of pancreatic b-cell rest ta buchanan   ah xiang   rk peters   sl kjos   a submitted for publication    
on processing xml in ldap pj marrï?n   g lausen proceedings of the 27th conference on very large data bases  
ramakrishnan srikant fast algorithms for mining association rules r agrawal proc . 20th tnt . conf very large data bases    
just talk to me : a field study of expertise location finding and sustaining relationships d mcdonald   m ackerman proc . acm cscw  
clustered principal components for precomputed radiance transfer pp sloan   j hall   j hart   j snyder acm transactions on graphics ( tog )   2003.0 
axiomatic homotopy theory for operads   preprint 2002   available on http://xxx . lpthe . jussieu . fr / c berger   i moerdijk   
on the uniform motion of a sphere through a viscous fluid h lamb phil . mag    
library for architecture-independent development of structured grid applications m lemke   d quinlan acm sigplan notices   1993.0 
gender   the home-work link   and space-time patterns of nonemployment activities mp kwan economic geography   1999.0 
faculty stress : the tension between career demands and '' having it all . '' . md sorcinelli   mw gregory new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0 
an introduction to the web services architecture and its specifications   version 1.0 lf cabrera   k christopher   d box  2004.0 
correlating events for monitoring business processes j schiefer   c mcgregor   
elastogenesis in rat arterial grafts : elastin deposits on microfibrillar and non-microfibrillar c lethias   e chignier   r garrone   dj hartmann   r the histochemical journal   1988.0 
enhancement and bandwidth compression of noisy speech js lim   av oppenheim ieee   proceedings   1979.0 
database systems management and oracle8 cg doherty sigmod conference   1998.0 
toward rapid   '' green ''   predictable microwave-assisted synthesis . ba roberts   cr strauss acc . chem . res   2005.0 
long abstract and poster in 5th world congress of the institute of american chemical engineers m wijk   e wikstad   m kritikos   r norrestam   g san diego    
dyadic decision trees cd scott  2004.0 
the grimke sisters from south carolina : pioneers for womenâ ?? s rights and abolition ( 1967 ; oxford : gl see dixon    
hardwood bii and net primary producdon following clearcnningâ ?? in the coweeta basin lr bating   wt swat & im rt. brooks   jr. ( editor )   procs    
get ready for agile methods   with care b boehm   
1   1996   all primary care services ( excluding hospital outpatient services ) have been free for all s april   
paradoxical embolism : diagnosis and management to cheng journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
long and winding road : collaborative it and organizational change h karsten   m jones proc acm conf comput support coop work   1998.0 
san vs. nas : do n't get hustled j seymour pc magazine    
comments on '' note on the expected size of a join '' . acms anthology sigmod record   1982.0 
statistics on views ca galindo-legaria   mm joshi   f waas   mc wu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
molecular beam epitaxial growth of vertical-cavity lasers for optical cummunication mg peters  1995.0 
an improved method for microscopical diagnosis of intermittent fevers r ross lancet   i    
a study on the management of semantic transaction for efficient data retrieval sm huang   i kwan   ch li sigmod record   2002.0 
human service organizations as communities of learning . vj marsick new directions for adult and continuing education   1990.0 
evaluation of avector space similarity measure in a multilingual framework r besanã § on   m rajman procs . 3rd international conference on language resources & hellip ;    
efficiently mining long patternsfrom databases r bayardo proc . of the acm sigmod conference    
intravenous pyelography in penetrating trauma . e tang   t berne journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
multicast support in mobile commerce applications u varshney   
mos-controlled thyristor turns off 1 mw in 2 mu s. f goodenough electronic design   1988.0 
industrial applications of asf + sdf m van den brand   a van deursen   p klint   s lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
tablet pc quick reference jv west  2002.0 
tourism and climate change k smith geography   1986.0 
cards . '' a goodenough   serfp line electronic design    
the evolution of income poverty in the netherlands . results from the dutch socio-economic panel hj dirven   j berghman unpublished manuscript    
another approach to polychotomous classiã ¿ cation jh friedman technical report   department of statistics   stanford university    
a software evaluation framework g boloix   np robillard ieee computer    
evaluation of executive educational session for printcafe annual user conference tb quinn  2003.0 
panel session : panel table of contents cs jensen & hellip ; of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 
the two general activation systems of affect : structural findings   evolutionary considerations   and d watson   d wiese   j vaidya   a tellegen journal of personality and social psychology    
fuzzy smoothing of hmm parameters in speech recognition m koo   ck un electronic letters   1990.0 
larval fish from the pelagial region of two wisconsin lakes dj faber  1963.0 
large data sets and confusing scenes in 3-d surface matching and recognition o carmichael   d huber   m hebert 3-d digital imaging and modeling   1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ;   1999.0 
fast subsequence matchingin time-seriesdatabases c faloutsos   m ranganathan   y manolopoulos proc . acm sigmod    
tungsten refractory metal-1994 mc hogwood   r bentley proc . int . conf   1995.0 
cooperative learning : making '' groupwork '' work ka smith new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
implementation of two semantic query optimization techniques in db2 universal databaseâ ''   atkinson q cheng   j gryz   f koo   tyc leung   l liu   x qian   international conference on very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 99  
torts and tales . teaching about personal injury law in the primary grades . mm peters   ec bjorklun social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
the scaling hypothesis : simplifying the prediction of network performance using scaled-down k psounis   r pan   b prabhakar   d wischik   
an axiomatic model of dynamic schema evolution in object-base systems j randal   m peters   t ã?zsu acm transactions on database  
power-supply rails plummet and proliferate f goodenough electronic  
algorithm for compression of stereo image pairs j jiang electronic  
tourism and human rights t concern isbn    
agreement morphology   argument structure and syntax m kracht unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
'' bend sinister '' : nabokov 's political dream ll lee wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
'' students passionate about their learning '' : the end products of the profession . pg beidlerâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
embodiments for mixed presence groupware a tang   c neustaedter  2005.0 
profitable predictability in the cross-section of stock returns jd hanna   mj ready  2001.0 
concerning liquid metal embrittlement   particularly of zinc monocrystals by mercury arc westwood   mh kamdar phil . mag    
enhanced artificial neural network model for chinese economic forecasting q wang   x sun proceedings of the international conference on management & hellip ;    
excuse me   but are you human ? y rui   z liu proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
a feature-based algorithms for detecting and classifving scene breaks . z ramin   m justin   m kevin  1995.0 
bmp signaling is required locally to pattern the dorsal telencephalic midline jm hã © bert   y mishina   sk mcconnell   
resist metrology for lithography simulation   part 2 : development parameter measurements a sekiguchi   ca mack   y minami   t matsuzawa proc . spie   1996.0 
experiments of a duckbill valve ( dbv ) jet in coflow jhw lee   hw tang   
algorithms for finding attribute valuegroup for binary segmentationof categorical databases t tokuyama   
aatp : auction agent transfer protocol gus chkaiban electronic markets   2000.0 
image watermarking for owner and content authentication c rey   jl dugelay proc . acm multimedia technical  
mythologies   vintage   london r barthes  1993.0 
high-spin states in cd-109 ( abstract only ) s juutinen   p ahonen   j hattula   r julin   j oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
evolving behavioral strategies in predators and prey t haynes   s sen lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
shock waves and entropy pd lax contributions to nonlinear functional analysis    
a study of the marine resources of salem sound   1997 bc chase   j plough   w castonguay massachusetts division of marine fisheries technical report & hellip ;    
a cost model for clustered object-oriented databases zh tangot   stg france   
study of double-stage anode layer thruster using inert gases so tverdokhlebov proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion  
cddlib reference manual   cddlib version 0.92 k fukuda ethz   zurich   switzerland ( 2001 ) http://www . ifor . math .  
volumen ii   tomo i   catã ¡ logo a de mã © xico   
fast subsequence matching in time-series databases c faloutsos   m ranganathan   y manolopoulos proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference  
a phase ii study of cpt-11   a camptothecin derivative   in patients with primary lung cancer . cpt-11 s negoro   m fukuoka   h niitani   a suzuki   t gan to kagaku ryoho   1991.0 
multimedia content screening using a dual watermarking and fingerprinting system d kirovski   hs malvar   y yacobi   
experiences in federated databases : from iro-db to miro-web . 24st conf . on very large databases p fankhauser   g gardarin   m lopez   j munoz   a new york   ny    
on unipolar induction : another experiment and its significance as evidence for the existence of the eh kennard phil . mag    
user-oriented smart-cache for the web : what you seek is what you get ! - group of 4 & raquo ; z lacroix   a sahuguet   r chandrasekar proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1998.0 
efficient indexing methods for probabilistic threshold queries over uncertain data r cheng   y xia   s prabhakar   r shah   js vitter proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
assembly with robots in presence of uncertainty r suarez   l basanez proc . int . symp . industrial robots    
an effective test generation system for sequential circuits r marlett proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
stack-based algorithms for pattern matching on dags l chen   a gupta   me kurul   
finding generalized projected clusters in high dimensional spaces   sigmoid record v. 29   no. 2   2000 c aggrawal   ps yu on management of data   dallas   tx    
advanced trauma life support training for ambulance crews d sethi   i kwan   am kelly   i roberts   f bunn cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
a prospective multicenter randomized trial of the herbal supplement   pc-spes vs. diethylstilbestrol ej small   p kantoff   vk weinberg   s nguyen   m proc asco    
fast algorithms for mining association rules in large databases ra as941   r srikant proceedings of international conference on very large & hellip ;    
color quantization by dynamic programming and principal analysis x wu acm transactions on graphics ( tog )   1992.0 
electronic commerce comes to the â ?? netâ ?? ja edelheit   mr miller bt technology journal   1997.0 
you get what you donâ ?? t pay for m schrage computerworld    
bir1/cut17 moving from chromosome to spindle upon the loss of cohesion is required for condensation   j morishita   t matsusaka   g goshima   t nakamura   h genes to cells   2001.0 
analysis of factors affecting productivities of construction firms z sozen   h giritli istanbul technical university   turkey    
narrative abstraction model for story-oriented video b jung   t kwak   j song   y lee proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
simple alternate routing for differentiated services networks sd patek   r venkateswaran   j liebeherr computer networks   2001.0 
a framework for clustering evolving data streams c charu   h jia-wei proc the 29th vldb conference . berlin : johann christoph & hellip ;    
dunnill   p.   humphrey   ae   lilly d wang md    
generalized additive models . dept tj hastie   rj tibshirani  1984.0 
binary membrane structure in chloroplast lamellae cj arntzen  1970.0 
der fremdenverkehr in rothenburg ob der tauber : eine fremdenverkehrsgeographische untersuchung r ehnes  1974.0 
robust classification for imprecise environments f provost   t fawcett machine learning   2001.0 
on the selection of efficient record segmentations and backup strategies for large shared databases st march   gd scudder acm transactions on database systems   1984.0 
pond use   patterns of reproduction and juvenile recruitment in a mixed waterfrog population g abt  2003.0 
a new algorithm for faster mining of generalized association rules j hipp   a myka   r wirth   
intelligent multi-modal systems kc tsui   b azvine   d djian   c voudouris   lq xu bt technology journal   1998.0 
in ubiquitin and the biology of the cell jm peters  1998.0 
data visualization : data exploration on the grid i foster   j insleay   g von laszewski   c kesselman   ieee computer    
break-over diodes for transient suppression j foster electronic engineering    
hydrothermal synthesis molecular sieves solid-state chemistry dj jandeleit   ts powers   hw turner   wh weinberg   g acc . chem . res   1996.0 
men arefrom mars   women arefrom venus j gray  1992.0 
assessing measurement system acceptability for process control and analysis using gage r & r study j wang  2004.0 
a review of the technologies for mapping within-field variability rj godwin   pch miller   
heterogeneous database query optimization in db2 universal datajoiner s venkataraman   t zhang vldb   1998.0 
circadian physiology r refinetti  2000.0 
distribution of 137 cs reserves in the techa floodplain in the region of muslyumovo village ap govorun   av chesnokov   sb shcherbak at . energ    
mining fuzzy quantitative association rules w zhang   
learning communities   curricular reform   and the future . f gabelnick   j macgregor   rs matthews   bl smith new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
sensate mediaâ ?? multimodal electronic skins as dense sensor networks ja paradiso   j lifton   m broxton bt technology journal   2004.0 
the value of dynamic enhanced mri in the early diagnosis of hip pain in patients having received cf tan   ps yen   hf wong   kk ng   yl wan transplantation proceedings   2001.0 
datajoiner : a practical approach to multi-database access p gupta   e lin parallel and distributed information systems   1994.   & hellip ;    
kentucky   ( cd-rom   c2001 by intellectual reserve   inc. )   '' us census   l county electronic   '' ed    
factors that influence career uncertainty in high school students lm schmidt  2001.0 
pressure corrections for potential flow analysis of capillary of two viscous fluids j wang   dd joseph   t funada  2004.0 
if you are not a premier customer isatyown risk   
robinson-schensted procedure and combinatorial properties of geometric order in ( n ) a melnikov cras i    
andez . schema mapping as query discovery r miller   l haas   m hern proc . of vldb    
additional resources ek ikeda new directions for higher education   2001.0 
sound off ! is erp in trouble ? if this is trouble   where can i get some j shepherd computerworld    
evolving orbit : a progress report on building locales t mansfield   s kaplan   g fitzpatrick   t phelps   m proceedings 1997.0 
tappi pulp . conf s wang   h chang   h jameel  1994.0 
performance analysis of file organizations that use multibucket data leaves with partial expansions g matsliach acm transactions on database systems   1993.0 
on using orthogonal functions for the analysis of singular systems w marszalek iee proceedings  
on death   taxes   and the convergence of peer-to-peer and grid computing i foster   a iamnitchi lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
communications services in support of collaborative health care ba bowles   r teale bt technology journal   1994.0 
a logical model of trust in electronic commerce yaohua tan electronic markets   2000.0 
randomization in privacy-preserving data mining av evfimievski   
graphpad software ii biostatistics san diego    
experimental study of inlet lips designed to create a uniform exit velocity profile ( abstract only ) p steranka proceedings : techfest 17 p 25 ( see n 91-18004 10-01 )   1991.0 
survey of robot lawn mowers ii hicks proceedings of the spie   2000.0 
nationalism and the politics of culture in quebec r handler  1988.0 
mediating buyer-seller interactions : the role of agents in web commerce rd macredie electronic markets   1998.0 
barriers to success in quantitative gatekeeper courses j gainen new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
a framework for clustering evolving data streams cc aggarwal   j han   j wang   ps yu vldb   2003.0 
possibility of using skeletal tables for pipes to calculate critical heat transfer in rod bundles in ym zhukov at .  
database technologies for electronic commerce r agrawal   r srikant   y xu vldb   2002.0 
streaming pattern discovery in multiple time-series s papadimitriou   j sun   c faloutsos proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
on-line services replacing central location services la debula proceedings of the 23rd annual acm siguccs conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
fast algorithms for projected clustering cc aggarwal   c procopiuc   jl wolf   ps yu   js park sigmod conference   1999.0 
timing and volume of fluid administration for patients with bleeding i kwan   f bunn   i roberts cochrane database syst rev    
industrial applications of software measurements o anderson information and software technology    
ncsaâ ?? s world wide web server : design and performance r mcgrath   t kwan   d reed ieee computer    
modern management in the developing world : the success of eis in mexican organizations de leidner   
estimation of the effect of desulfotomaculum ruminis bacteria on the process of degradation of z domagala   f domka environment protection  
a direct photoelectric determination of planck 's '' h '' . ra millikan  1916.0 
airborne automation on boeing 757   767 takes over flying   landing   making pilot '' a true manager '' . p gillin computerworld.   1983.0 
tides of change : new themes and questions in workplace learning t fenwick new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0 
on the formation of interstitial loops in bcc metals bl eyre   r bullough phil . mag    
an axiomatic model of dynamic schema evolution in objectbase systems rj peters   mt oezsu acm transactions on database systems   1997.0 
mapping the terrain of church-related colleges and universities . ds guthrie new directions for higher education   1992.0 
deformation and volcanism in western turkey and the aegean d mckenzie   y yilmaz bull . technical university of istanbul    
evaluation systems are more than information systems . la braskamp new directions for higher education   1982.0 
financial consulting solutions ( fcs ) support papers for water rate study e cebron   k seat seattle   washington    
the biology of the laboratory rabbitâ ''   2 ndedition academic press pj manning   ce newcomer   h rongler san diego    
some results on ( a : b ) - choosability s gutner   m tarsi to  
a thermodynamic '' vocabulary '' for metal ion interactions in biological systems . mt rodgers   pb armentrout acc . chem . res   2004.0 
fast policy/local discipline : the politics of scale and the neoliberal workfare offensive b jessop   j peck annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;    
ag   and dale   nb   '' schema and occurrence structure transformation in hierarchical systems   '' pt dale proc . 1976 international conference on management of  
reduction of redundant laboratory orders by access to computerized patient records to stair journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
nonverbal affect responses to male and female leaders : implications for leadership evaluations d butler   fl geis journal of personality and social psychology    
computational frameworks for the fast fourier transform   society for industrial and applied c van loan   
a software system evaluation framework b germinal   r pierre ieee computer    
trust and communicated attributions in close relationships jk rempel   m ross   jg holmes journal of personality and social psychology   2001.0 
m. taylor   r. evolving orbit : a process report on building locales t mansfield   s kaplan   g fitzpatrick   tf phelps proc acm group    
housework as work j miller  1983.0 
dynamic path-based software watermarking c collberg   e carter   s debray   a huntwork   j   
on the production of vibrations by forces of relatively long duration with application to the theory l rayleigh phil . mag    
nonlinear optics of free atoms and molecules dc hanna   ma yuratich   d cotter  1980.0 
fast algo . for mining assoiciation rules r agrawal   r srikant proc . the 20th vldb    
biogeochemistry : an analysis of global change : academic press wh schlesinger san diego    
fast sequential and parallel algorithms for association rule mining : a comparison   university of a mueller md    
dynamic storage allocation : a survey and critical review pr wilson   ms johnstone   m neely   d boles lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
a geochemical assessment of sedimentation and contamination distributions in the hudson-raritan cr olsen   il larsen   rh brewster   nh cutshall   rf md    
optimal grid : grid middleware for high performance computational biology j kaufman   t lehman research report   ibm almaden research center . email : { kaufman  
structural chemistry of silicates f liebau  1985.0 
statistical sampling strategies th andres procs nea workshop on uncertainty analysis for performance & hellip ;    
effect of sod culture system of bahia grass ( paspalum notatum flã 1/4 gge . ) on vesicular-arbuscular t ishii   yh shrestha   k kadoya proc . int . soc . citriculture    
alpha-interferon for acute hepatitis c in liver transplant patients v vargas   r charco   l castells   r esteban transplantation proceedings   1995.0 
'' lolita '' : the springboard of parody a appel jr wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
mixed reality applications in urban environments j bulman   b crabtree   a gower   a oldroyd   m lawson bt technology journal   2004.0 
fin-syn repeal has yet to pay off d mermigas electronic media    
data mining using two-dimensional optimized association rules for numeric attributes : scheme   t fukuda   y morimoto   s morishita   t tokuyama acm sigmod conference proceedings    
case veterans say : look before you leap . r hamilton   
'' four quartets '' : setting love in order ak weatherhead wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1962.0 
turbocharger motorâ ?? generator for improvement of transient performance in an internal combustion j panting   kr pullen   rf martinez-botas proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
resolving a conflict situation with a reference outcome : an axiomatic model s gupta   za livne management science   1988.0 
griddb : a relational interface for the grid dt liu   mj franklin   d parekh proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2003.0 
the next 10 000 ~ 2 years : part i t lewis ieee computer    
implementing distributed and dynamic resource allocation in watm c sinner   m wolf computer networks   1999.0 
the evidence for a superlattice in the nickel-iron alloy feni3 p leech   c sykes phil . mag    
c   f. yu   '' mulfiprocessing of combinatorial search problems   '' bw watt   gj li ieee computer    
translating aggregate queries into iterative programs   n goodman vldb   1986.0 
ipv 6 traffic with multi-class qos in vpn l zhang   l zheng computer networks   2001.0 
query optimizationby simulatedannealing yeie wong proc . of the acm sigmod int &#39; l. conf . on management of  
generalized seizure in a 30-year-old man with presumed intracranial hemorrhage : a case report s mcfarlane   c doty   s zehtabchi   g casey journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
design and development of a new gasoline direct swirl injector yk park   sy moon   cw lee proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2002.0 
the second generation of digital commerce solutions s mott computer networks   2000.0 
electric contacts handbook r holm  1958.0 
effects of the tansui river education programs on high school studentsâ ?? environmental education sm wang proceedings of the national science council   part d    
homoplasy   the recurrence of similarity in evolution : academic press mj sanderson   l hufford san diego   ca    
preparing management plan for khao yai park : the process involved and the lessons learned s chettamart proceedings of the 25 thworking session of iucnâ ?? s & hellip ;    
accommodation processes in close relationships : theory and preliminary empirical evidence ce rusbult   j verette   ga whitney   lf slovik   i journal of personality and social psychology    
a ~ d popek   gj a proposal for distributed concurrency control for partially redundant distributed dz badal proc . 3rd . berkeley conf . distributed data management and  
intra-uterine versus cervical insemination of donor sperm for subfertility po ` brien   p vandekerckhove cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
activation of the human immunodeficiency virus-1 long terminal repeat by respiratory burst oxidants sj klebanoff   cm headley blood-new york -   1999.0 
analysis of a cuticular spacing pattern after metamorphosis in vitro of larval integument cr roseland   lm riddiford see ref    
parallel processors were the future ... and may yet be . mj flynn ieee computer    
preparation and characterization of redox active molecular assemblies on microelectrode arrays cd frisbie   i fritsch-faules   ew wollman   ms  1992.0 
nd '' the care and feeding of vector fields w tobler & hellip ; presentation   university of california   santa  
a nalysis of a local-area wireless network d tang   m baker proceedings of acm mobicom  
fast discovery of association rules . '' advances in knowledge discovery and data mining . aaai/mit r agrawal   h mannila   r srikant   h toivonen   ai proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;    
fast algorithms for mining association rules . ( 1994 ) r agrawal   r srikant proceedings of vldb   international conference on very large  
rights protection for relational data r sion   
'' messy '' research   methodological predispositions   and theory development in international joint a parkhe the academy of management review   1993.0 
algorithms for complementarity problems and generalized equations sc billups  1995.0 
the jyvaskyla ( finland ) k 130 cyclotron project ( abstract only ) e liukkonen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
bridge building by the state university . oa singletary new directions for higher education   1979.0 
identifying exemplary teaching : using data from course and teacher evaluations ka feldman new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
a uniform behavioral temporal object model ia goralwalla   y leontiev   mt ozsu   d szafron   
algebraic theory of hamiltonian superoperators   monograph x xu to  
structural damage to citrus leaves from spider mite feeding lg albrigo   cc childers   jp syversten proc . int . soc . citriculture    
queens college . bo wireman   aw lee new directions for higher education   1986.0 
binary resistive networks cmu analog ieee computer    
henry roth and his novel '' call it sleep '' hu ribalow wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1962.0 
cytochrome b me nelson   g finazzi   qj wang   ka middleton-zarka     
an access path model for physical database design rh katz   e wong proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1980.0 
in-service evaluations of experimental traffic barriers : an interim report ca leonin   rd powers  1986.0 
srikant r. fastalgorithms formining association rules in large databases r agrawal proceedings of the 20th international conference on very & hellip ;    
microsoft windows 2000 active directory services j spealman  2000.0 
t.   and c. li . papadimitriou . '' an optimality theory of concurrency control for databases   '' ii kung proceedings of the 1979 sigmod  
adaptive stream filters for entity-based queries with non-value tolerance r cheng   b kao   s prabhakar   a kwan   y tu proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
a low incidence of grade ii to iv acute gvhd   but high mortality from infection using hla-a   - b   and - j mattsson   o ringden   j aschan   l barkholt   t transplantation proceedings   1997.0 
a and k. salem . sagas h garda-mol intl. conference on very large data  
constructing efficient decision trees by using optimized numeric association rules t fukuda   y morimoto vldb   1996.0 
sagas h gacia-molina   k salem acm-sigmod international conference on management of data    
profiting from value-added wireless services x geng   ab whinston   
orthogonal functions analysis of singular systems with impulsive responses ieeexplore.ieee.org   
functional morphology of the forelimb joints in the wooly monkey lagothrix lagothricha lk ziemer contributions to primatology   1978.0 
perceptual assessment of demosaicing algorithm performance p longere   x zhang   pb delahunt   dh brainard proceedings-ieee   2002.0 
the future of the ieee 1394 for instrumentation systems f tim  2000.0 
the oesign of a rotating associative emory far relational database applications cs lin   dcp smith   j smith   
ifo : a formal semantic database model s abiteboul   r hull acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 
framework for measuring distributedness in multi-site projects j lehto   p marttiin   g nyman procs . of sci    
time-resolved fluorescence imaging and background rejection by two-photon excitation in laser dw piston   dr sandison   ww webb proc . spie   1992.0 
statistics on views f waas   c galindo-legaria   mc wu   m joshi proceedings of the 29th international conference on very & hellip ;    
loran augmented dgps/eurofix preliminary demonstration w roland proceedings of the 23rd annual technical symposium   wga    
semantic approach to service discovery in a grid environment sa ludwig   sms reyhani journal of web  
a model for web services discovery with qos s ran   
a technique for translating states between database schemata t imieliå?ski proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
long journey in place : refugee women and social transformations in exile j bascom american association of geographersâ ?? annual conference   & hellip ;    
native xml support in db2 universal database m nicola   b van der linden   ca san jose proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
relational data rights protection through watermarking r sion   m atallah   s prabhakar ieee trans . knowledge and data eng    
promotion of electronic commerce by a regional centre cc charlton   s grant   ph leng   ie neilson electronic markets   1998.0 
watermarking maps : hiding information in structured data s khanna   f zane proc annu acm siam symp discrete algorithms   2000.0 
optical pattern recognition system i biosonics data acquisition program manual . seattle   washington    
fingerprint id system quick to solve criminal cases . r batt computerworld.   1984.0 
review of '' web services by g. alonso   f. casati   h. kuno   and v. machiraju ''   springer-verlag   2004   d wodtke acm sigmod record   2004.0 
mining generalized association rules r agrawal   r srikant proceedings of the 1995 international conference of very & hellip ;    
total cross section for p + pâ ?? p + p + ï ? close to threshold ho meyer aip conference proceedings   1991.0 
5   lannet ii . 5 and comnet ii . 5 wj garrison   ii network proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter  
designing a generalized nf 2 model with an sql-type interface p pistor   f andersen proc .  
mapping the genesis of helical structure in polymers of the haloaldehydes o vogl   gd jaycox   c kratky   wj simonsick   k acc . chem . res    
bats : the blind audio tactile mapping system p parente   g bishop   
daepack : a combined symbolic and numeric library for general numerical calculations je tolsma   pi barton technical report daepack web page   massachusetts institute of  
vernetztes lernen mit digitalen medien s uellner   v wulf proceedings der ersten tagung '' computergestã 1/4 tztes  
damping modelling and identification using generalized proportional damping s adhikari   
protection and resource control in distributed operating systems sj mullender   as tanenbaum computer networks   1984.0 
lt jr. fully parallel generic branch-and-cut framework trm eso   l ladanyi procs . of the 8th siam conf . on parallel proc . for & hellip ;    
comprehension by computer : analysis of sentences in context . yale university   dept. of computer c riesbeck   r schank  1976.0 
does the statutory overtime premium discourage long workweeks ? sj trejo   
an interferometric technique for measuring binary diffusion coefficients . ak grob  1967.0 
the five most important entry-level employability skills that employers of the chippewa valley seek sr thompson  2001.0 
structures for manipulating proposed updates in object-oriented databases m doherty   r hull   m rupawalla sigmod conference   1996.0 
wearable computing and the remembrance agent ib crabtree   b rhodes bt technology journal   1998.0 
m   '' algorithms for acychc database schemes   '' y yannakakls proc vldb    
developing an ed training program : how to '' grow your own '' ed nurses ke zavotsky journal of emergency nursing   2000.0 
implementation of diagnosis related groups in portugal j urbano & hellip ; of international conference on management and financing of & hellip ;    
of carbon nanotubesâ ?? govyadinov   a fedfa arrays & hellip ; p.   and routkevitch   d. electrochemical society proceedings    
on a proposed floating-point standard w kahan   j palmer acm signum newsletter   1979.0 
child immunization in madhya pradesh r munshi   sh lee   
a symmetric method for implicit time discretization of the stefan problem lt cheng   r fedkiw   f gibou   m kang submitted for  
dynamic environment generations for an astral process   '' z dang   ra kemmerer   
database publication practices pa bernstein   h meyer   d dewitt   mt ã?zsu   a heuer   
state inequalities approach to control systems with uncertainty a swierniak  1982.0 
the multimediation of the lifeworld g sonesson   
preliminary studies on serum antigens in carp j rapacz   e slota   j hasler rapp . procs verb . 161 : 170    
agents of change gh anthes   
convention on the rights of the child u nations   
watermarking relational databases r agrawal   j kiernan vldb   2002.0 
extenion of bond order dependent potentials to include long range interactions theo . chem . acct j che   t cagä ± n   wa goddard iii at  
'' my personal web '' : a seminar on personalization and privacy for web and converged services i fundulaki   r hull   b kumar   d liewen   a sahuguet data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
a model for optimal database allocation in distributed computer systems gm chiu   cs raghavendra ieee computer    
pattern matching and program theory w trochim & hellip ; - driven evaluation . new directions for program evaluation   & hellip ;    
join araoh and acyclic database schemes k chase proceedings of the seventh international conference on vldb    
fiber bragg grating sensor system for civil structure monitoring : applications and field tests st vohra   md todd   ga johnson   cc chang   ba danver proc . spie   1999.0 
session key distribution using smart cards v shoup   a rubin lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
o roloc toy vesmoy tuc klurwsuc kai u eã?armogu aytoy stu dikastiku exoysia twn arhaiwn ellunwn ( the k kevork   x kevork aueb bulletin   athens   greece    
identifying dynamic replication strategies for a high-performance data grid k ranganathan   i foster lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
'' sousveillance '' : inverse surveillance in multimedia imaging s mann proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
peer-to-peer information retrieval using self-organizing semantic overlay networks c tang   z xu   s dwarkadas   
usefulness of adenosine in diagnosis of tachyarrhythmias . j conti   l belardinelli   a curtis journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
on the characteristics of vbr mpeg streams m krunz   sk tripathi proc . acm sigmetrics    
thin film infrared detector arrays for integrated electronic structures c corsi   g cappuccio   a damico   g petrocco   g & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
implementation of a general purpose d at aflow multiprocessor gm papadopoulos technical report tr432   mit laboratory for computer science   545  
etal   combinatorial pattern discovery for scientific data : some preliminary results jtl wang   gw chirn   tg marr & hellip ; the 1994 acm international conference on management of data    
kinetic model of denitrification by bacillus bacteria m waligorska   f domka environment protection engineering   1992.0 
'' despair '' and the lust for immortality c rosenfield wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1967.0 
powerpc 603 ** tm microprocessor : an array built-in self test   '' c hunter   j slaton   j eno   r jessani   c dietz proc . int . test conf    
micromorphology of halloysite produced by weathering of plagioclase in volcanic ash k tazaki proc . int . clay conf.   oxford    
synthesizing full-systolic arrays for matrix product on xilinx 's xc4000 ( e   ex ) fpgas ak oudjida   s titri   m hamarlain proceedings of the fpga &#39; 2000 international conference   acm - & hellip ;    
bragg grating formation and germanosilicate fiber photosensitivity g meltz   ww morey proc . spie   1991.0 
idmp-based fast handoffs and paging a misraâ ? ¦ proc . int . conf . on 3gwireless    
creatine kinase and its ck-mb isoenzyme : the conventional marker for the diagnosis of acute dj robinson   rh christenson journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
a confluence criterion based on the generalized newman lemma w kuchlin proc .  
photoemission in solids m cardona   l leyâ ? ¦  1978.0 
structured databases on the web : observations and implications kcc chang   b he   c li   m patel   z zhang sigmod record   2004.0 
`` smart clothing '' : wearable multimedia computing and `` personal imaging '' to restore the technological s mann   
camera calibration for lane and obstacle detection s ernst   c stiller   j goldbeck   c roessig   
internet commerce basics d guay   j ettwein electronic markets   1998.0 
an implementation andperformance analysisof spatialdata access   '' inproc d greene acm sigmod    
recent bt patents l xu bt technology journal   2004.0 
distribution and growth of stone pine in greece . 14ht session of fao committee of sylva l romanas athens   greece    
com + v1 . 0 com services d cameron technical report   microsoft corporation    
query processmg ma relauonal database management system k youssefi   e wong proceedmgs of 1979 vldb conference    
advances in p/m and particulate materials o mars   s bengtsson   a bergmark proc . int . conf.   vancouver   mpif    
pattern matching for program generation : a user manual tj biggerstaff   
sept. 16â ?? 22   1979 . ????   ????   1979 ussr region   
another look at data-bases nh minsky   
the numbers game r garner   d weldon computerworld    
li 1 s photoionization and photoexcitation with satellites ( abstract only ) s aksela   h aksela   m levasalmi   y furusawa   a proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
e-mailiorating student writing s marcus electronic learning    
earthquakes and volcanic eruptions : a handbook on risk assessment h tiedemann  1992.0 
respirators   recommendations   and regulations : the controversy surrounding protection of health care r jarvis   a bolyard   j bozzi journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
mixed and hybrid finite element methods f brezzi   m fortin  1991.0 
a   and ochs   john b.   '' collaborative engineering experiences   '' p van kollenburg proceedings of the 22 '' d seed annual design conference  
munoza ( 1995 ) tigukat : a uniform behavioral objectbase management mt ã?zsu   rj peters   d szafron   b irani   a lipka vldb  
a sequential statistical mutation-based testing strategy m sahinoglu   eh spafford ieee proc . 28th annual spring reliability seminar    
adaptive locking strategies in a multi-node data sharing environment am joshi vldb   1991.0 
data exchange : semantics and query answering r fagin   pg kolaitis   rj miller   l popa lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
fault tolerance of the backpropagation neural network trained on noisy inputs ji minnix   
how far out is nanotechnology c levin pc magazine    
ny : hill and wang n yonk   
manipulating the distribution of liquid phases in ceramics k doyle  1996.0 
the pineal organ l vollrath  1981.0 
nature-materials 2002 w yang   je butler   w cai   j carlisle   d gruen   t   
student services and the politics of survival . dc tilley new directions for higher education   1973.0 
the analysis of variance h scheff new york    
learning the dimensionality of hidden variables n friedman   g elidan proceedings of seventeenth conference on uncertainty in & hellip ;   2001.0 
a million segments of oneâ ?? how personal should customer relationship management get ? nj millard bt technology journal   2003.0 
m. hern andez . schema mapping as query discovery r miller   l haas proc vldb    
some optimal in-approximability results j hã ¸ astad proc . of 29th acm symp . on theory of comp    
which group ( ware ) are you ? l ulanoff pc magazine    
association rules and mechanizing hypotheses formation j rauch proceedings of ecml workshop : machine learning as & hellip ;    
local scheduling techniques for memory coherence in a clustered vliw processor with a distributed e gibert   j sã ¡ nchez   a gonzã ¡ lez   
shape coexistence in transitional ( 132   133   134 ) ba ( abstract only ) t loennroth   p ahonen   m carpenter   c fahlander   j oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
functional and dysfunctional impulsivity : personality and cognitive correlates sj dickman journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 
a logical framework for active rules b ludascher   u hamann   g lausen   
marketing for electronic market places : the relevance of two '' critical points of success '' t kollmann   
the cause and nature ofradioactivityi   ii ' e rutherford   f soddy phil . mag    
privacy-preserving data mining r agrawal   r srikant   
mining concept-drifting data streams using ensemble classifiers h wang   w fan   ps yu   j han proceedings of the ninth acm sigkdd international conference & hellip ;   2003.0 
il trattamento delle varianti hello spoglio elelttronico di un testo . una prova sui carmina di a bozzi   a nikolova   g cappelli   g giuliani md    
the electronic commerce trials platform pj wittgreffe   c dix bt technology journal   1999.0 
'' the comedian as the letter c '' f murphy wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1962.0 
demo . griddb : a relational interface to the grid dt liu   mj franklin   d parekh sigmod . june    
fatal tetanus in a drug abuser with '' protective '' antitetanus antibodies fm abrahamian   cv pollack jr   f lovecchio   r nanda journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
sagas h garcia-monina   k salem proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;    
an extension of the cayley-hamilton theorem for a standard pair of block matrices t kaczorek   
antibiotics for preventing recurrent urinary tract infection in non-pregnant women x albert   i huertas   ii pereiro   j sanfelix   v cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
the functional data model and daplex dw shipman acm transactions on database systems    
anchoring in the detection of deception and leakage m zuckerman   r koestner   mj colella   ao alton journal of personality and social psychology    
mining association rules between sets of items in large database ra may proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data   & hellip ;    
on optimal coverings by colored stable sets u faigle   b fuchs   b peis   
mining quantitative association rules r srikant   r agrawal proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
svmfu r rifkin   
discovery and evaluation of graph-based hierarchical conceptual clusters i jonyer   dj cook   lb holder journal of machine learning research    
a compiler to implement lotos specifications in distributed environments k yasumoto   t higashino   k taniguchi computer networks   2001.0 
the real-time cost of timing uncertainty : consensus and failure detection . sm thesis s ponzio report mit/lcs/tr -518   laboratory for computer science   mit    
transmission of information by orthogonal functions hf harmuth  1969.0 
image thresholding techniques : quantitative performance evaluation m sezgin   b sankur submitted for publication    
the brittle fracture of alumina below 1000 c j congleton   nj petch   sa shiels phil . mag    
a proof for a generalized nakayama conjecture a maroti   
engineers must make manufacturing a prior . ity l maliniak electronic design    
extending maple to the grid : design and implementation d petcu   d dubu   m paprzycki   
additional resources . wt daly new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0 
profile of mood states manual . edits/educational and industrial testing service m mcnair   m lorr   l droppleman  1992.0 
ullmannâ ?? s encyclopedia of industrial chemistry s topham electronic  
a multi-method for defining the organizational change s nurcan   c rolland information & software technology   2003.0 
solid modelling of post-tensioned bridge beams using finite elements p fanning   a znidaric at  
imprecise schema : a rationale for relations with embedded subrelations hm dreizen   sk chang acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 
semi-automatic bug localization in software maintenance   m kamkar   p fritzson  1990.0 
evidence of lower-atmospheric ozone '' sloshing '' in an urbanized valley aw ellis   ml hildebrandt   hjs fernando physical geography   1999.0 
outward foreign direct investment by central european economies and restructuringâ '' m svetlicic proceedings of the 23rd annual eiba conference on global & hellip ;    
tods -- the first three years ( 1976 -- 1978 ) dk hsiao acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   1980.0 
a study on the management of semantic transaction for efficient data retrieval t mun   h kong   
optimal mean-squared-error batch sizes bw schmeiser   wmt song management science   1995.0 
new teachers : unplugged jm barksdale electronic learning    
strategic sequential bidding in auctions using dynamic programming in aamas   bolgna   italy   2002 g tesauro   d bredin   
a close look at the ifo data model ms hanna sigmod record   1995.0 
a coalition-form analysis of the allocation of voting rights in the council of the ecb u bindseil unpublished manuscript    
in preparation dg long   kc ryan   rd stratton southern utah fuel management demonstration  
keeping faith with one another . gl van harn new directions for higher education   1992.0 
region-of-interest based image resolution adaptation for mpeg-21 digital item y hu   lt chia   d rajan proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
fuzzy neural hybrid position/force control for robot manipulators k kiguchi   t fukuda applied mathematics and computer science   1996.0 
f-logic   a higher order language for reasoning about logic   inheritance   and schemes m kifer   g lausen proc . acm sigmod int . conf : minagement of data    
theory of noisy fourpoles h rothe   w dahlke proc . ire    
ldap directory services-just another database application ? ( tutorial session ) s shukla   a deshpande proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2000.0 
fitting statistical distributions : the generalized lambda distribution and generalized bootstrap za karian   ej dudewicz  2000.0 
cn jenty and the mezzotint plates in his '' demonstrations of a pregnant uterus ''   1757 . jl thornton   pc want j audiov media med   1978.0 
seer cancer statistics review   1973â ?? 1992 : tables and graphs   national cancer institute . nih pub . cl kosary   lag ries   ba miller   bf hankey   a md    
an axiomatic model for deductive object-oriented databases zt kardkovacs   gm suranyi   
f.   kleinrock   l.   '' hierarchical routing for large networks kk kamoun computer networks    
on relativism and interpretivism -- with a prolegomenon to the '' why '' question pf anderson see hirschman    
deutsche meeresfische : bestimmungsbuch r fricke  1987.0 
student self-evaluations and developmental change rh haswell new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
documenting electronic commerce systems and software using the unified modeling language k saleh information & software technology   2002.0 
distinguishing between single and multi-source attacks using signal processing a hussain   j heidemann   c papadopoulos computer networks   2004.0 
glucocorticoids for acute viral bronchiolitis in infants and young children h patel   r platt   jm lozano   ee wang cochrane database syst . rev   2004.0 
sonar : system for optimized numeric associationrules . acms anthology   p edition   
integrated-services networks   '' jm peha   atm simulating proc . 29th annual ieee/acm/scs simulation symp    
microsoft quick c programming m waite microsoft  
'' quaker hero   burning '' ; of poetry and power : a poem and comment b noll wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1966.0 
advanced knowledge technologies : selected papers n shadbolt  2003.0 
cache invalidation scheme for mobile computing systems with real-time data jch yuen   e chan   hw leung sigmod record   2000.0 
a uniform geometrical theory of diffraction for an edge in a perfectly conducting surface rg kouyoumjian   ph pathak ieee   proceedings   1974.0 
rotating squares journal of pattern recognition a donafee   c maple  2000.0 
forbidden triples implying hamiltonicity : for all graphs rj faudree   rj gould   ms jacobson discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2004.0 
experiences in federated databases : from iro-db to miro-web p fankhauser   g gardarin proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ç ?? é ?? è ¯ '' æ ² '' ç ?? æ ³ ? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # ï 1/4 ? é '' ? é ¹ $ å ¹ ´ ï 1/4 ? ä ¸ ? è ?? â ? ¦ washington : tiger drs   seattle    
islam and economics   chapters 3 and 4 : '' islam and underdevelopment   â ?? university of southern t kuran  1999.0 
version 90.1 ''   computation structures group memo 284-2 rs nikhil   ir manual  1990.0 
the clothes have no emperor   or   cabining the commerce clause jt valauri san diego law review   2004.0 
simulated annealing and combinatorial optimization s nahar   s sahni   e shragowitz proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
diffraction data were kindly collected by amm a cryst acc . chem .  
digital watermarking using multiresolution wavelet decomposition k deepa   h dimitrios international conference on acoustic   speech and signal & hellip ;   1998.0 
a multiagent system for content based navigation of music d de roure   s el-beltagy   s blackburn   w hall proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   1999.0 
workshop report : international workshop on distributed object management mt ã?zsu   u dayal   p valduriez acm sigmod record   1993.0 
iddq testing finds further faults j novellino electronic design    
a privacy-preserving index for range queries b hore   s mehrotra   g tsudik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
manufacturing strategy   environmental uncertainty and performance : a path analytic model pm swamidass   wt newell management science   1987.0 
attitudes cause behaviors : a cross-lagged panel analysis lr kahle   jj berman journal of personality and social psychology    
griddb : a data-centric overlay for scientific grids d liu   mj franklin proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
maize breeding for drought stressed areas of ethiopia m nigussie   g bogale   g sebokesa proceedings of the 25 thanniversary of nazret agricultural & hellip ;    
job satisfaction and the good soldier : the relationship between affect and employee '' citizenship '' ts bateman   dw organ the academy of management journal   1983.0 
1994   '' block structured multigrid solution of 2 d and 3 d elliptic pde 's . '' technical report   afm 94 - ja michelsen technical university of  
applied bayesian and classical inference : the case of the federalist papers f mosteller   dl wallace  1984.0 
the illusion of courage : underestimating social-risk aversion in self and others . l van boven   g loewenstein   n welch   d dunning submitted for publication    
wk # m   and hf korth '' a model of cad transactions   '' f bancllhon proc vldb    
high-temperature irradiation behavior of structural graphite ip kalyagina   ys virgilâ ?? ev   vr zolotukhinâ ? ¦ at . energ    
a model for electronic documents r koo   
the role of planning in grid computing j blythe   e deelman   y gil   c kesselman   a agarwal   
gynaecological services in greece d niakas the economics of gynaecological services in greece . athens : & hellip ;    
mood   projection bias and equity market volatility r mehra   r sah university of california   santa barbara    
some optimal inapproximability results j hastad journal-acm   2001.0 
re-sends   '' j gemmell   srmu erasuring-correcting technical report msr-tr-97-20   microsoft research   june    
national marine fisheries service n commerce seattle    
interpersonal forgiving in close relationships : ii . theoretical elaboration and measurement me mccullough   kc rachal   sj sandage   el journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
complications of cornstarch as a donning agent for latex gloves mw brown-beasley journal of emergency nursing   1997.0 
a system for watermarking relational databases r agrawal   pj haas   j kiernan   
magnetic field settings for the k 130 cyclotron ( abstract only ) m rinta-nikkola oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
general hybrid orthogonal functions and some potential applications in systems and control a patra   
