a correctness proof for a practical byzantine-fault-tolerant replication algorithm . technical memo m castro   b liskov  1999.0 
load balancing in dynamic structured p2p systems ssy patel   
qualitative â ?? â ?? versusâ ?? â ?? quantitative methods in social research   dept of sociology   u t wilson california at santa barbara    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?conflict detection tradeoffs for replicated data   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? jm carey   m livny acm  
white christmas could become dream . w brandel computerworld.   1989.0 
progress in the development of large area sub-millimeter resolution cdznte strip detectors jr macri   dv boykin   k larson   m mayer   ml proc . spie   1996.0 
comparing data streams using hamming norms ( how to zero in ) g cormode   m datar   p indyk   s muthukrishnan ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2003.0 
efficient numerical error bounding for replicated network services hy aminvahdat technical report cs-2000-08   computer science department   duke  
initial results from the euv engineering test stand d tichenor   a ray-chaudhuri   s lee   h chapman   w   
integration of teaching and research : myth   reality   and possibility m weimer new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
prehospital cardiac arrest survival and neurologic recovery m hillis   d sinclair   g butler   e cain journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
a data warehouse intelligent cache manager [ c ] p schenermannâ ? ¦ proc of the 22nd vldb conf    
exploiting temporal parallelism for software-only video effects processing k mayer-patel   la rowe   
a selection combining scheme for rake receivers n kong   
safety of computer control systems 1992 ( safecomp ' 92 ) . computer systems in safety-critical hh frey proc . ifac symposium   zurich   switzerland    
comparison of systems with complex behavior i mezic   a banaszuk   
evaluation of a random access system with hardware simulation ( for satellite location and data gg delmas & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1975.0 
provably secure coin flip in a byzantine environment s awerbuch   b chor   s goldwasser   s micali  1985.0 
soft-link hypertext for information retrieval md ` inverno   p howells   mj hu   m luck information & software technology   2002.0 
the stimulation of reproduction in coelenterates by low levels of toxic stress . ard stebbing unep   athens ( greece ) . 1991.   1991.0 
computer implementation of thenite element method a george stanford university technical report stan-cs-208   stanford   ca    
four cheers for geography s jenkins geography    
dec. 1981 . [ black 1985 ] ap black . supporting distributed applications : experience with eden ca grove proc . 10th acm symp . operating  
blink measurement by image processing and application to warning of driverâ ?? s drowsiness in t nakano   k sugiyama   m mizuno   s yamamoto procs . ieee intelligent vehicles  
the lilog knowledge representation system t bollinger   u pletat acm sigart bulletin   1991.0 
pulsar-appropriate clock statistics d matsakis   f josties proc . 28th annual precision time and time interval ( ptti ) & hellip ;    
an evaluation of buffer management strategies for relational database systems / / vldb '85 ht chou   dj dewitt proceedings of 11th international conference on very large & hellip ;    
hierarchical dynamic router k kawamura   m umeda   h shiraishi proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
nonvisual presentation of graphical user interfaces : contrasting two approaches ed mynatt   g weber   
charge-based proportional scheduling . technical memorandum mit/lcs/tm -529   january 1995 u maheshwari mit laboratory for computer  
strong asymmetries in impurity distributions of jet plasmas . b alper   
responses of grizzly bears to seismic surveys in northern alaska pe reynolds   hv reynolds   eh follmann international conference on bear research and management    
repeated lumbar or ventricular punctures in newborns with intraventricular hemorrhage a whitelaw cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
m. arofalakis . sketching streams through the net : distributed approximate query tracking g cormode proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
capturing causality in distributed systems m raynal   m singhal ieee computer    
two-electron transfers and molecular x-ray radiation during heavy ion collisions c stoller & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;   1976.0 
predation and coloniality in seabirds m gochfeld proc . int . ornithol . congr    
monitoring of leakage in embankment dams through resistivity measurementsâ ?? a 2.5 d modelling study p sjã ¶ dahl   t dahlin   b zhou   s johansson procs . 8th eegs-meeting   aveiro   portugal    
freud   jung and hall   the king-maker . the expedition to america s rosenzweig  1992.0 
recent bt patents gm maclarty bt technology journal   2005.0 
effects of long-term and reduced-dose hormone replacement therapy on endothelial function and intima m hashimoto   m miyao   m akishita   t hosoi   k toba   menopause-new york -   2002.0 
price and service discrimination in queuing systems : incentive compatibility of gc scheduling ja van mieghem management science   2000.0 
principles of peptide synthesis m bodanszky  1993.0 
simplifying the representation of radiance from multiple emitters g drettakis submitted for publication   1994.0 
implementation of a mobile mpeg-21 peer s lauf   i burnett proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
for the pierre auger collaboration m mostafa proc . 28th icrc   ( tsukuba   japan   2003 )  
prolog session r hudson history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
khordeh avesta f shahzadi san diego    
beyond process : tqm content and firm performance r reed   dj lemak   jc montgomery the academy of management review   1996.0 
r. yavatkar . distributed file organization with scalable cost/performance . acm-sigmod int . conf r vingralek   y breitbart   g weikum on management of data    
finding hierarchical heavy hitters in data streams g cormode   d srivastava proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
ã ? .   srivastava   d.   and tan   m.   1996   semantic data caching and replacement s dar   mj franklin   b jã ³ nsson & hellip ; of the 22 thinternational conference on very large data  
mechanical behavior of steam-treated spruce wood under compressive strain pp kã $ renlampi   p tynjã $ lã $   p strã ¶ m submitted for  
odeview : the graphical interface to ode r agrawal   n gehani   j srinivasan proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
explaining away political crimes . hf dahl   ã ? sã ¸ rensen unpublished manuscript    
use of object-oriented constructs in a computational modeling system for earth scientists ka carlson  1995.0 
soil microbiology and biochemistry . 2 . ed . califã ³ rnia ea paul   fe clark san diego : academicpress    
j. cardiff-graphical interaction with heterogeneous databases - t catarci   g santucci vldb journal   to be  
topologically constrained manganese ( iii ) and iron ( iii ) complexes of two cross-bridged tj hubin   jm mccormick   nw alcock   dh busch acc . chem . res   1996.0 
calculation and mapping of critical loads in europe   status report 1993   rivm report 259101003 rj downing   jp hetteling   pam de smet   
fast   long-lived renaming m moir   jh anderson lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
efficient peer-to-peer keyword searching . february 2002 p reynolds   a vahdat unpublished  
generating machine specific optimizing compilers r hoover   k zadeck proceedings of the 23rd acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ;   1996.0 
products of modal logics   1997 d gabbay   v shehtman   
analysis-by-synthesis multimode harmonic speech coding at low bit rate c li  2000.0 
cost minimization allocation ( cma ) algorithm i chong technical report   univ. of massachusetts    
two-dimensional transesophageal echocardiography in early diagnosis and treatment of hemodynamic h steltzer   g blazek   a gabriel   k leitner   n transplant proc   1991.0 
history of the development of medical information systems at the laboratory of computer science at go barnett proceedings of acm conference on history of medical & hellip ;   1987.0 
quantum complexity of numerical problems s heinrich submitted for  
phase transitions in foods academic press inc yh roos san diego   california    
adaptive   application-specific garbage collection s soman   c krintz   d bacon   
independent components analysis and computational harmonic analysis dl donoho  1998.0 
a study of transitive closure as a recursive mechanism hv jagadish   r agrawal   l ness proceedings of acm-sigmod 1987 annual conference on  
gb dom . focused crawling : a new approach to topic-specific web resource discovery [ j ] s chakrabarti   m van den ber computer networks    
challenges for spoken dialog systems jr glass  1999.0 
a critical evaluation of the diffusion of cost and management accounting innovations d askarany   m smith   
co-operating mobile agents for distributed parallel processing rg hercock   jc collis   dt ndumu agents . washington . seattle    
conversational video over ip a auchterlonie bt technology journal   2004.0 
chord : a sclable peerto-peer lookup service for internet applications i stoica   r morris   d karger   mf kaashoek   h proc . acm  
panga ( 1998 ) exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained association rules r ng   lvs lakshmanan   j han proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of  
report on the 5th international workshop on knowledge representation meets databases ( krdbâ ?? 98 ) a borgida sigmod record   1998.0 
seven lightnings over californiaâ ?? don daniel   a palero in los angelesâ ?? a video documentary d erwan   p gã © rard santa barbara   university of california    
real-time numerical peak detector . f blais   m rioux signal proc.   1986.0 
physician-patient communication in the urban clinical setting dm levine bulletin-new york academy of medicine   1994.0 
micelles   membranes   microemulsions   and monolayers wm gelbart  1995.0 
semi-structured data extraction from heterogeneous sources x gao   l sterling   
examples of vlf emissions recorded in the auroral zone ( abstract only ) j manninen   t turunen   t turunen proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
kosower   e. m nr intermediates acc . chem . res    
electricity restructuring : deregulation or reregulation ? s borenstein   j bushnell   
obstacle detection using a deformable model of vehicles s denasi   g quaglia procs . ieee intelligent vehicles symposium  
estimation of parameters in nonlinear distributed systems ht banks   ka murphy proceedings of the 23rd conference on decision and control   & hellip ;    
closure of the nuclear fuel cycle : valence of actinides and safety vm poplavskii   vi matveev   ns rabotnov at .  
an empirical analysis of information sytems changes j heales proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1995.0 
where angels fear to tread and why ra berk new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 
business networking in the swatch group r alt electronic markets   1999.0 
virtual try-on in a department store b spanlang   t vassilev   bf buxton eurasia tex   athens   greece   november    
database and information systems research database and information systems research for semantic web a sheth   r meersman   
lipschitz maps on trees s todorcevic   
numerical modelling of 1d arterial networks coupled with a lumped parameter description of the heart l formaggia   d lamponi   m tuveri   a veneziani   
ida : an intelligent data access program d sagalowicz vldb    
an object-oriented application development environment m ganti   p goyal   r nassif   s podar   
ring satellite interaction in planetary rings ( abstract only ) j hanninen   h salo   j lukkari proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
new data on the winter ecology of the polar bear ( ursus maritimus ) on wrangel island sm uspenski   aa kistchinski international conference on bear research and management    
propositional attitudes   commonsense reasoning   and metaphor ja barnden procs . 10th annual conference of the cognitive science & hellip ;    
cantecleer kunstgeschiedenis f baumgart   
ode ( object database and environment ) : the language and the data model r agrawal   nh gehani   
the paradox of success : an archival and a laboratory study of strategic persistence following pg audia   ea locke   kg smith   
under-ice hydrodynamics at tioga lake   pa ks lee   ra bank water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
gral : an extensible relational database system for geometric applications rh giiting   
a translation approach to portable ontology specifications   knowledge systems laboratory tr gruber stanford university   technical report ksl 92-71   http://www-ksl .  
adding relevance to xml . a theobald   g weikum webdb ( informal proceedings )   2000.0 
knowledge sharing project overview r fikes   m cutkosky   t gruber   j van baalen  1991.0 
j. non-crystalline solids   33   411 ; 1980 os panwar   m radhakrishna   kk srivastava   kn phil . mag    
plan-per-tuple optimization solutionâ ?? parallel execution of user defined functions f carino   woâ ?? connell proceedings of the vldb conf    
seminar on deaf-blindness for interpreters for the deaf hc anderson a project report on demonstration and training of & hellip ;    
beam test results of ion-implanted silicon strip detectors on a 100 mm wafer ( abstract only ) i hietanen   j lindgren   r orava   t tuuva   r oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
native trout of western north america . american fisheries society   betheseda rj behnke md    
the basic dilemma : sovereignty or assimilation t schouls   j olthuis   d engelstad nation  
laser injection locking cj buczek   rj freiberg   ml skolnick ieee   proceedings   1973.0 
the parlay apiâ ?? allowing third party application providers safe and secure access to network rm stretch bt technology journal   2003.0 
elevated interferon-gamma mrna levels and inflammatory bowel disease in the ceca of helicobacter rs livingston   lk riley   cl besch-williford   rr   
internet scale string attribute publish/subscribe data networks i aekaterinidis   p triantafillou proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
ecology of biological invasions of north america and hawaii ha mooney   ja drake  1986.0 
designing filters for polyphase filter banks jh lee   wj kang   
the effects of barometric pressure on elementary school studentsâ ?? behavior aj staut  2001.0 
pure appl . chem . berg   h. schwarz m lown   he gunning   op strausz acc . chem . res    
teaching methods for medical education d ambrozy seattle : university of washington    
evaluation in israel : a conversation with arieh lewy a bank new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 
analysis and management of animal populations : academic press bk williams   jd nichols   mj conroy san diego   california    
a new conception of service : principles and strategies . j katz new directions for higher education   1973.0 
playing it safe e callaway computerworld    
information literacy at universities : challenges and solutions . me wiggins new directions for higher education   1992.0 
specifying and generating program editors with novel visual editing mechanisms m read   c marlin procs of the 10th conference on software engineering and  
sino-foreign high technology joint ventures : some factors affecting performance '' d bennett   hc xia proceedings of 4th international conference on management of & hellip ;    
perceptions of drug abuse resistance education ( dare ) : a review of select evaluations rp stengl  2000.0 
the electrical and optical properties of amorphous carbon prepared by the glow discharge technique da anderson phil . mag    
superconductivity in d-and f-band metals jw garland   kh bennemann proceedings of the conference on superconductivity in d-and  
fiorina charts hp 's new course m miller pc  
limnology : lake and river ecosystems . 3 rdedition : academic press rg wetzel san diego   california    
the method of equivalence applied to three state   two input control systems gr wilkens   
challenges facing shared governance within the college cc morphew new directions for higher education   1999.0 
the circumpolar active layer monitoring ( calm ) program : research designs and initial results pi introduction polar geography   2000.0 
experiences with hyperbase : a hypertext database supporting collaborative work uk wiil sigmod record   1993.0 
talking about money : public participation and expert knowledge in the euro referendum   cardiff r evans isbn    
international networking in long-term ecological research . rw nottrott   jf franklin   jr vande castle seattle    
biosynthetic origin and functional significance of murine platelet factor v tl yang   sw pipe   a yang   d ginsburg blood-new york -   2003.0 
computer lib   dream machines n ted  1987.0 
arid-zone ornithology in africa and south america gl maclean proc . int . orn . congr    
interactive television . m bisesi   bd felder new directions for higher education   1986.0 
efficient wavelength routing on directed fiber trees c kaklamanis   p persiano lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
object identification in compressed view-dependent multiresolution meshes m grabner   h tschemmernegg submitted for publication   2003.0 
odeview : the graphical interface to ode r agmwal   nh gehani   j srinivasan sigmod record    
the garbage collection advantage : improving program locality x huang   
designing for scalability s sundblad   p sundblad microsoft  
social capital   intellectual capital   and the organizational advantage j nahapiet   s ghoshal the academy of management review   1998.0 
testing syntax and semantic coverage of java language compilers as boujarwah   k saleh   j al-dallal information & software technology   1999.0 
molecular biology of adeno-associated viruses rm linden   ki berns   
to appear-b   the rationality of epistemology and the rationality of ontology au frank rationality and irrrationality   proceedings of the 23rd  
best-effort cache synchronization with source cooperation c olston   j widom sigmod conference   2002.0 
networking saves $ $ for new york school district . k forman electronic education   1983.0 
bounded aggregation : offering a precision-performance tradeoff in replicated systems c olston   j widom proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;    
after hurs : web excursions ' j triverio pc magazine    
partitioned garbage collection or a large object store u maheshwari   b liskov & hellip ; of the acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;    
poly3dgui   a new graphical interface for industrial use : architecture and functionality f maerten   l maerten d. pollard & a. aydin   eds.   proceedings of the stanford & hellip ;    
intelligent systems volume-1 : knowledge representation   social and psychological impact of pam gelepithis  2001.0 
two-dimensional electrophoresis of proteins discriminates aphid clones of sitobion avenae differing d papura   e jacquot   ca dedryver   s luche   g archives of virology   2002.0 
marine barite [ ph. d. thesis ] : university of california t church san diego    
a. defanti   t. 1993 . surround-screen projection-based virtual reality : the design and implementation c cruz-neira   dj sandin proceedings of acm  
home is where your phone is : usability evaluation of mobile phone ui for a smart home t koskela   k vaananen-vainio-mattila   l lehti lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
dynamic fine-grained localization in ad-hoc networks of sensor networks ch savvides   m strivastava proceedings of acm mobicom    
a conceptual model of wayfinding using multiple levels of abstraction s timpf   gs volta   dw pollock   mj egenhofer lecture notes in computer science   1992.0 
the myth of regionalisation in europe-rhetoric and reality of an ambivalent concept a grasse journal of european area studies   2001.0 
noise figures of radio receivers ht friis proc . ire    
s. dar   and hv jagadish.â ?? direct transitive closure algorithms : design and performance evaluation   ur agrawal acm trans . database syst . . to appear . ( preliminary version  
tutorial : constraint programming and database languages p kanellakis proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod sigart symposium on & hellip ;   1995.0 
on the type accuracy of garbage collection m hirzel   a diwan   
the light is polar b bank   m giusti   j heintz   lm pardo unpublished manuscript    
june 1998   exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained associations rules r ng   l lakshmanan   j han   a pang proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
the personality structure of affect e diener   h smith   f fujita journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
report on the first ieee international workshop on networking meets databases ( netdbâ ?? 05 ) c shahabi   r govindan   k aberer sigmod record   2005.0 
index research ( panel session ) : forest or trees ? jm hellerstein   hp kriegel   d comet   c falsutsos   acm computing surveys  
a. roger kaye   modeling and simulation of self-similar variable bit rate compressed video : a unified c huang   m devetsikiotis   i lambadaris proc.   acm siccommâ ?? 95    
may 1996 . [ sow84 ] a. shoshani   f. olken   and hkt wong . characteristicsofscientific databases . inproc i gubbio 10th international vldb  
impossible geographies of belonging . ' p gemeinboeck proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
generation of interactive multi-level video summaries f shipman   a girgensohn   l wilcox proceedings of acm 2003.0 
safety assessment principles for nuclear power reactors hmni inspectorate isbn    
load balancing for agile wdm networks b zhou   ht mouftah procs . of 21th biennial symposium on communications   & hellip ;    
exploiting inheritance and structure semantics for effective clustering and buffering in an object - ee chang   
coping with serrano : voluntary contributions to californiaâ ?? s public schools . e brunner   j sonstelie santa barbara : university of california at santa barbara . & hellip ;    
whereâ ?? s 3d now ? d salvator pc magazine    
fast on-line implementation of two dimensional median filtering g garibotto   l lambarelli electronic letters    
making judgments about ability : the role of implicit theories of ability in moderating inferences r butler journal of personality and social psychology   2000.0 
20910   usa   1991 md ver spring   
qualitative analysis by spot tests f feigl new york    
programmable arrays mix fpga and asic blocks d bursky electronic  
dbswitchâ ? cents â ?? towards a database utility s dar   g hecht   e shochat proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
utilization of forest resources by microbial   enzymatical and chemical conversion s tachibana   m sumimoto i. mokuzai gakkaishi    
exploratory mining via constrained frequent set queries r ng   lvs lakshmanan   j han   t mah sigmod conference   1999.0 
academic bargaining : power changes for everyone ? . rk carr new directions for higher education   1974.0 
numerical heat transfer and fluid flow sv patankar  1980.0 
numerical modelling of spatial and temporal lag effect in bed load sediment transport bc phillips   aj sutherland proc . 21st congress int . assoc. hydraul . res    
separating stages in the continuation-passing transform . in the acm sigplan-sigact symposium on j lawall   o danvy  1993.0 
reading for everyone : expanding literacy options . c miller   a rash   
n at natural abundance levels in terrestrial vascular plants : a prã © cis ll handley   cm scrimgeour   ja raven see griffiths    
control system design using graphical decomposition techniques fj evans   c schizas   j chan iee proceedings   part d - control theory and applications   1981.0 
living together : rationality   sociality   and obligation . lanham m gilbert md    
how should multifaceted personality constructs be tested ? issues illustrated by self-monitoring   cs carver journal of personality and social psychology   1989.0 
the economics of urban sewage disposal pb downing  1967.0 
andj . l. hermessy   balancing and data locality in parallel n-body techniques jp singh   c holt   t totsuka   a gupta technical report csl-tr-92-505   stanford university    
pm68k user 's manual pm inc san diego   california    
transitive closure algorithm disk tc and its performance analysis v hirvisalo   e nuutila   e soisalon-soininen   
19906 . access to information processing tools : an exploratory study jl gogan proceedings of the 23rd annual hawau international  
resource management in mobile computing environments s lu   v bharghavan proceedings of acm sigcomm    
07632   usa   1983 nj cliffs   
kernel extrapolation   2005 s vishwanathan   o guttman   km borgwardt   a smola unpublished  
on the qualitative representation of spatial knowledge in 2d space d papadias   t sellis vldb journal   1994.0 
fad   a powerful and simple database language   13th int f bancilhon   t briggs   s khoshafian   p valduriez conf . on very large data bases    
technology transfer through cultural barriers in three continents sc kitsopoulos   
virtuosi-virtual reality support for groupworking as rogers bt technology journal   1994.0 
ai o 5 bo loo qw nj n wq   
disk scheduling for mixed-media workloads in multimedia servers y rompoyannakis   g nerjes   p muth   m paterakis   p proc . sixth acm multimedia conf    
thromboembolic stroke due to acute ica occlusion l knepper   jj wehner   ca jungreis   h yonas   lr proceedings of the 23rd aha international conference on & hellip ;    
constraint programming and database query languages pc kanellakis   dq goldin lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
numerical simulation of a thermoacoustic refrigerator a worlikar   om knio   f sicherheitstechnik esaim : proceedings   1996.0 
a pcs hand-off model and its application yb lin   lf chang   ar noerpel submitted for publication    
the broadband boom m miller pc magazine    
empirical performance evaluation of concurrency and coherency control protocols for data sharing . e rahm acm trans . on database  
index concurrency control in firm real-time dbms b goyal   j haritsa   s seshadri   v srinivasan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 
mobile harbor   alabama   dump scow overflow test : preliminary report of findings fd imsand water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? on optimistic methods for concurrency control   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? acm trans ht kung   jt robinson database syst    
banks turn to it to reclaim most profitable customers t hoffman computerworld    
hierarchical file organization and its application to similar-string matching t ito   m kizawa acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
the technology revolution and the restructuring of the global economy u colombo  1988.0 
lazy consistency using loosely synchronized clocks a adya   b liskov   
virtual reality technology g burdea   p coiffet   
dosing recommendation for didanosina ( ddi ) in hiv-infected neonates and infants . 42 ndicaac b damle   h brett-smith   l reynolds   s kaul san diego    
welfare-improving competition for mobile capital . jd wilson unpublished manuscript   2000.0 
distributed file sharing : barbarians at the gates ? m macedonia   
whatâ ?? s hot and whatâ ?? s not : tracking most frequent items dynamically g cormode   s muthukrishnan acm trans . database syst   2005.0 
understanding and reducing web delays m zari   
sophtsticate 's mtroducuon to data base normahzatlon theory proc 4th int c beeri   pa bernstein   na goodman conf . on very large data bases   west berhn   germany   sept    
control of the energy distribution in vvã?r using offsetâ ?? offset diagram pe filimonov at .  
representational bias and test suite design l davis procs . of the 4th intl. conf . on genetic algorithms   ( eds . ) & hellip ;    
security model for the next-gerneration secure computing base wpd notes microsoft corporation    
george orwell : the satiric resolution r quintana wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1961.0 
myth and reality in the origin of american economic geography jd fellmann geography   1906.0 
automatic induction of rules for e-mail classification . um2001 : 8th int . conf . on user modeling j kay   e mccreath & hellip ; on user modeling   machine learning and information retrieval    
the flag taxonomy of open hypermedia systems . hypertextâ ¹ 96 proceedings k osterbye   uk wiil  1996.0 
transnational diffusion and the african american reinvention of gandhian repertoire s chabot mobilization-san diego -   2000.0 
the kalpa-sutra w schubring   ms burgess  1910.0 
move over   ascii ! unicode is here c petzold pc magazine    
evaluation of compacted area of heavy tamping by cone point resistance a oshima   n takada proc.   int . conf . centrifuge    
some recent studies on the polysaccharides of agarophytes c araki proc . int . seaweed symp    
c.   and cochrane   pa 1996 ab singhal proc . of acm  
concurrency control for distributed real-time databases lsr rajkumar   jp lehoczky acm sigmod record ( mar. .  
case study : on-site management in willard   new mexico c van lenten national on-site demonstration program   national & hellip ;    
the devolution of immigration regimes in europe g lahav   v guiraudon & hellip ; community studies association meeting   seattle washington & hellip ;    
case studies on real options agz kemna   
proactive caching of dns records : addressing a performance bottleneck e cohen   h kaplan computer networks   2003.0 
design of an intelligent interface for software planning md brouwer-janse   m grunes information and software technology   1987.0 
a hypertext system for cad applications nm delisle   md schwartz proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;    
ontology-driven geographic information systems ft fonseca   mj egenhofer   
fundaciã ³ n macarthur inventario del desarrollo de habilidades comunicativas [ macarthur communi - d jackson-maldonado   e bates   d thal san diego : singular    
ahinalp . comparing sequences with segment rearrangements f ergun   s muthukrishnan   s sc proceedings of the 23rd conference on foundations of & hellip ;    
more to hyaluronic acid than meets the eye j van brunt biotechnology   i    
oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil   and g. weikum . the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database disk buffering ej oã cents proceeding of the 1993 acm sigmod  
nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for primary dysmenorrhoea j marjoribanks   ml proctor   c farquhar cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
advanced program restructuring for high-performance computers with polaris w blume   r doallo   r eigenmann   j grout   j   
the incidence of wound infection following crotalid envenomation rf clark   bs selden   b furbee journal of emergency medicine   1993.0 
cml : a higher-order concurrent programming language j reppy proc . acm sigplan    
the aegis processor architecture for tamper-evident and tamper-resistant processingâ '' . rapport ge suh   d clarke   b gassend   m van dijk   s devadas  2003.0 
habitat utilization by black bears in northern california dg kellyhouse international conference on bear research and management    
west german dilemma : little turks or young germans j salt geography    
microsoft directx 9 programmable graphics pipeline k gray  2003.0 
annotating speech repairs pa heeman   j allen unpublished manuscript    
organizational and hrm strategies in korea : impact on firm performance in an emerging economy j bae   jj lawler academy of management journal   2000.0 
boogiepl : a typed procedural language for checking object-oriented programs r deline   krm leino   
some effects of artificial defoliation on pine and larch fc craighead i. forest    
monitoring juvenile chinook salmon migration routes with acoustic tags in the forebay of rocky tw steig   jh horchik   ma timko inc.   seattle   washington    
garbage collection in a very large address space : technical report tr-178 pb bishop mit laboratory for computer  
a two-dimensional interpolation function for irregularly-spaced data d shepard proceedings of the 1968 23rd acm national conference   1968.0 
design of approximately linear-phase allpass based qmf banks ck lu   m anderson   
a   abraham ( 2003 ) . agent systems today ; methodological considerations m paprzycki proceedings of 2003 international conference on management  
recent advances in wireless networking u varshney   
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us k woollard bt technology journal   1998.0 
koda - the architecture and interface of a data model independent kernel g arun   a joshi proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
jocaml : a language for concurrent distributed and mobile programming c fournet   f le fessant   l maranget   a schmitt lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
thermal plasmas : fundamentals and applications ( plenum   new york   1994 ) mi boulos   p fauchais   e pfender vol .  
structural change : farm and financial dimensions . dh harrington   sr koenig presentation at    
what ever happened to the pc revolution ? j kirkley computerworld    
the wealth ofnations a smith new york    
intelligent systems in patient monitoring and therapy management : a survey of research projects . s uckun technical report ksl-93-32   stanford  
systems analysis and design methods irwin mcgraw-hill   4th edition   1998 jl whitten   ld bentley   
dominance and heterosexual attraction ek sadalla   dt kenrick   b vershure journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
a hybrid model for specifying features and detecting interactions s siddiqi   jm atlee computer networks   2000.0 
safe query languages for constraint databases pz revesz acm transactions on database systems   1998.0 
compiling complex transition database triggers d cohen proceedings of acm sigmod    
space efficient mining of multigraph streams g cormode   s muthukrishnan   
real science in the introductory course . ap mcneal new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
the utility-directed presentation of graphical simulation j mclaughlin technical report tr-87-59   stanford university   december  
impact of the odra river nutrient load reductions on the trophic state of the szczecin lagoon : a m wielgat   g schernewski   
waiting for the wireless revolution b nadel pc magazine   may    
hate crimes d altschiller santa barbara   california ua    
ijade web-miner : an intelligent agent framework for internet shopping rst lee   jnk liu knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on   2004.0 
cost estimation of user-defined methods in object-relational database systems b jihad   o kinji sigmod record  
representation   imagination and virtual space : geographies of tourism landscapes in west cork and cv sarmento geography    
obligation   donorresourcesandreactions to aid in three cultures kj gergen   p ellsworth   c maslach   m seipel journal of personality and social psychology    
methods in enzymology l waxman san diego  
native state kinetic stabilization as a strategy to ameliorate protein misfolding diseases : a focus sm johnson   rl wiseman   y sekijima   ns green   sl acc . chem . res   2005.0 
the treatment of akinesia using virutal images [ masterâ ?? s thesis ] j prothero seattle : university of washington    
algebraic specification schemes for database systems . sb yao h ehrig   hj kreowski   h weber proc . 4th vldb   west { berlin ( 427 { 440 )    
omitted-ability bias   major-specific wage premia   and changes in the returns to college education . e eide   j grogger unpublished paper   university of california   santa barbara    
controlled-atmosphere cone calorimeter   intermediate-scale calorimeter   and cone corrosimeter fy hshieh   rr buch proceedings of the 23rd international conference on fire & hellip ;    
94022   usa   2003 ca los altos   
efficient management of inconsistent databases a fuxman   e fazli   rj miller acm sigmod international conference on management of data    
robby   hongjun zheng   and willem visser . tool-supported program abstraction for finite-state mb dwyer   j hatcliff   r joehanes   s laubach   cs proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software  
m and phillips wa 1978 am stewart phil . mag    
sedna : a native xml dbms m grinev   a fomichev   s kuznetsov   
applied speech technology a syrdal   r bennett  1994.0 
hytime : evaluation and implementation experience j buford proceedings of acm hypertext    
object serialisation and deserialisation using xml n bhatti   jml goff   w hassan   z kovacs   p martin   10th international conference on management of data ( comad  
terrain mapping of radar satellite images rd paget   d longsta electronic imaging    
writing post-soviet estonia on to the world map e berg   s oras political geography   2000.0 
ds   and m. tan . semantic data caching and replacement s dar   mj franklin   bt jonsson & hellip ; conference on very large data bases  
second order initial boundary-value problems of variational type d serre   
user groups go high ( er ) tech b machrone pc magazine    
diamond in the rough : finding hierarchical heavy hitters in multi-dimensional data g cormode   f korn   s muthukrishnan   d srivastava proc . acm sigmod   2004.0 
recent breaches raise specter of liability risks . j vijayan computerworld    
pitch estimation and voicing detection based on a sinusoidal speech model rj mcaulay   tf quatieri   
the hennepin county medical centerâ ?? s womenâ ?? s advocacy programâ ?? sixteen years of service hc jackson journal of emergency nursing   1992.0 
innovation potential and performance of medium-sized manufacturing enterprises in slovenia t kroslin proceedings of the 25 thconference podim    
social information processing factors in reactive and proactive aggression in childrenâ ?? s peer ka dodge   jd coie journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
the dynamic nature of conflict : a longitudinal study of intragroup conflict and group performance ka jehn   ea mannix   
new concepts of cattle growth . rt berg   rm butterfield  1976.0 
hypertext document generator in a computer supported cooperative work environment y chang   kh chang   l murphy   twd ii   bg lee   jd proceedings 1997 acm southeast  
a reduced-order model of time-delay induced combustion instability jp hathout   m fleifil   am annaswamy   af ghoniem technical report 2003   massachusetts institute of technology    
state space caching revisited . von bochmann   g.   and probst   dk p godefroid   gj holzmann   d pirottin proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer - & hellip ;    
revolutionary subjectivity : the cultural logic of the nicaraguan revolution jp reed  2000.0 
where is the home choke ? br schlenker   st phillips   ka boniecki   dr journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
a small-area high-performance 512-point 2-dimensional fft single-chip processor n miyamoto   l karnan   k maruo   k kotani   t ohmi   
nested tra # actzons for engmeenng destgn databases w ktm   r lone   d mcnabb   w plouffe proc 10th int conf on vldb   singapore   aug    
march 1975 . slope stability and mass wasting in the ashland creek watershed . us forest service   sa wilson   bg hicks unpublished  
semantic conflict resolution ontology ( scrol ) : an ontology for detecting and resolving data and s ram   j park ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
intravenous immunoglobulin for preventing infection in preterm and/or low-birth-weight infants a ohlsson   jb lacy cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
the german ideology   ed k marx   f engels new york : international    
exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained association rules [ a ] ng rt   vs lakshmanan   j han   a pang proc . of the 1998 aacm-sigmod int &#39; l conf . on management of & hellip ;   1998.0 
youth suicide risk and sexual orientation pa rutter   e soucar adolescence-san diego -   2002.0 
navigating nowhere/hypertext infrawhere j rosenberg acm sigweb newsletter   1994.0 
internet commerce emerges : bank of montreal   workview systems build proprietary add-ons to packaged r seeley application development trends   1997.0 
proactive caching of dns records : approaches and algorithms e cohen   h kaplan   
on the complexity of division and set joins in the relational algebra d leinders   j van den bussche   
using logical objects to control hypertext appearance pj brown   
hormone replacement therapy to maintain cognitive function in women with dementia e hogervorst   k yaffe   m richards   f huppert cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
for geometric objects 4th international symposium on spatial data handling pv oosterom   ecoii methods zurich   switzerland p    
turning over versus turning away of information systems professionals pcb lee   s ang   sa slaughter   
k. ramesh . 1987 . a parallel implementation of iterative-deepening a * vn rao   v kumar procs . 6th nat . conf . on art .  
matlab-simulink-stateflow oldenbourg 2003 a angermann   m beuschel   m rau   u wohlfahrt   
new orleans   louisiana   usa   2001 acm szgzr  2001.0 
data size optimizations for java programs cs ananian   m rinard   
partitioned collection of a large object store u maheshwari   b liskov proc . of sigmod international conference on management of  
a theorem of lie-kolchin for trees j tits contributions to algebra    
a theory of forest dynamics : the ecological implications of forest succession models hh shugart  1984.0 
consequences of priming : judgment and behavior pm herr journal of personality and social psychology    
knowledge ` czars ' fall from grace b cole-gomolski computerworld    
the price of e-payment rl scheier   
haccp for irish beef slaughter dj bolton   jj sheridan   am doherty isbn    
learning text editing tasks from examples ih witten   dm tels watch what i do : programming by  
d. schwartz   â ?? neptune : a hypertext system for cad applications   â ?? n delis1eandm proc . acmsigmod   acm   new york    
carson mccullers : a map of love jb vickery wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1960.0 
metaphorical mapping consistency via dynamic logic programming ja leite   fc pereira   a cardoso   lm pereira   
rice tt chang see ref    
clinical biochemistry of domestic animals   4th ed : academic press jj kaneko san diego   california    
march 16   2000   united states forest service   baker ranger district   telephone conversation j waldo ecology and environment   inc.   seattle    
individual differences in need for cognitive closure dm webster   aw kruglanski journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
soft selection in random global adaptation in rna biocybernetic model of development r galar  1990.0 
maintaining views incrementally a gupta   
variation in behavior perception and ability attribution d newtson   rj rindner journal of personality and social psychology    
â ?? parallel demand-driven evaluation of logic networks pe dunne   cj gittings   ph leng proc . 28th annual allerton conf . on communication   control & hellip ;    
ode as an active database : constraints and rules n gehani   h jagadish proceedings of the 17th international conference on vldb   & hellip ;    
integral : petri net approach to distributed software development ck chang   yf chang   cc song   m aoyama information and software technology   1989.0 
amicalola report : database and information system research challenges and opportunities in semantic a sheth   r meersman  2002.0 
a formai modei of trade-offs between execution and optimization costs in semantic query optimization js shekhar   s dutta intl conf on very large databases ( vldb ) ( reprinted in nhjdke & hellip ;    
frequency and clinical implications of increased pulmonary artery pressures in liver transplant m castro   mj krowka   dr schroeder   kc beck   dj mayo clinic proceedings   1996.0 
efficient peer-to-peer keyword searching p reynolds   a vahdat lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
3d scene reconstruction from uncalibrated images u topay  2002.0 
partitioned garbage collection of a large object store u maheshwari   b liskov   
on optimistic concurrency control methods ht kung   jt robinson acm trans . database syst    
self-injurious behav - penn   jv   esposito   cl   schaeffer   le   fritz   gk   & spirito   a. ( 2003 ) s herpertz suicide at    
electrical stimulation of the medial prefrontal cortex increases dopamine release in the striatum mt taber   hc fibiger neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
pre-operative endometrial thinning agents before endometrial destruction for heavy menstrual mc sowter   a lethaby   aa singla cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
smarxo : towards secured multimedia applications by adopting rbac   xml and object-relational database sc chen   ml shyu   n zhao proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
heterogeneous knowledge based systems and situational awareness d rochowiak   l interrante d. rochowiak and l. interrante ) . in proceedings of aaai &#39; 91 & hellip ;    
consistency for elimination of covert channels in real-time secure transaction processing systems n kim   s moon   y sohn journal of research and practice in information technology   2004.0 
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us s davies bt technology journal   2000.0 
fine-grained sharing in page server database systems m carey   m franklin   m zaharioudakis proc . acm sigmod conf    
protecting privacy in remote-patient monitoring a kara   
virtual hashing : a dynamically changing hashing w litwin vldb   1978.0 
the sequoia 2000 storage benchmark m stonebraker   j frew   k gardels   j meredith sigmod record   1993.0 
dressing animated complex clothes m carignan   y yang   n magnenat-thalmann   d proc . of acm  
towards human-centred intelligent systemsâ ?? the intelligent assistant d djian   n azarmi   b azvine   kc tsui   w wobcke bt technology journal   2000.0 
a classifier for semi-structured documents j yi   n sundaresan   
ã ? .   bã © jar   r.   muro-medrano   pr ( 2003 ) . distributed access to a hydrological administrative m latre proceedings   9 thec-gi & gis workshop esdi   june 25-27 2003   a  
elvin has left the building : a publish/subscribe notification service with quenching b segall   d arnold proceedings of auug97   1997.0 
a relational database design in support of standard medical terminology in multi-domain knowledge f naeymi-rad   l carmony   d trace   c georgakis   mh proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1988.0 
buffer management algorithms for relational database management systems . mec hull   ff cai   d bell information and software technology   1988.0 
image processing on compressed data for large video databases f arman   a hsu   my chiuâ ? ¦   
andr . krishnamurthy.â ?? query optimization for parallel executionâ ?? s ganguly   w hasan proc . of the 1992 acm sigmod intl. conference on management  
sirius-delta : un prototype de systeme de gestion de donnees reparties j lebihan   c esculier   g lelann   l treille d ~ str ~ buted data bases . proceedings of the international & hellip ;    
querying multidimensional databases l cabibbo   r torlone   
inferences involving embedded multivalued dependencies and transitive dependencies d stott parker jr   k parsaye-ghomi proceedings of the 1980 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1980.0 
environmental study of the dadia forest reserve t adamakopoulos   s gatzogiannis   k poirazides acnat programme   wwf-greece   eu dg xi . athens   greece : & hellip ;    
architecture of snomed . its contribution to medical language processing ra cã ´ tã © orthner   helmuth d. ( herausgeber ) : proceedings of the tenth  
suif : an infrastructure for research on paralleli zing and optimizing compilers s amarasingheâ ? ¦ technical report   stanford university   may  
practical knowledge representation for the web . in . fensel f van harmelen d. ( ed . ) . proceedings of the ijcai &#39; 99 workshop on intelligent  
deconvolution of images and spectra academic pa jansson san diego   calif    
ands . pink . smallforwardingtablesforfastrouting lookups m degermark   a brodnik   s carlsson proceedings of acm  
where have all the senior faculty gone ? . hw sheridan new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 
database support for efficiently maintaining derived data . acms anthology   
automatic categorization of query results k chakrabarti   s chaudhuri   s hwang proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
similarity search on the web : evaluation and scalability considerations th haveliwala   a gionis   d klein   p indyk proceedings of the 28th international conference on very & hellip ;    
reflection and semantics in a procedural language cs brian tecnical report 272   mit laboratory for computer science    
set-oriented constructs : fromrete rule bases todatabase systems dn gordin   aj pasik proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
freshwater ecology : concepts and environmental applications : academic press wk dodds san diego   california    
tools and techniques for memory system design and analysis ar lebeck  1995.0 
temperley-lieb immanants   2004 b rhoades   m skandera   
type inference in the polymorphic relational algebra j van den bussche   e waller proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst   1999.0 
synchronized mechanical ventilation for respiratory support in newborn infants a greenough   ad milner   g dimitriou cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
a guide to constructs of control ea skinner journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0 
mining association rules from semi-structured data k maruyama   k uehara icdcs workshop of knowledge discovery and data mining in the & hellip ;   2000.0 
testimony on temporary assistance for needy families and the hard-to-employ before the united states d butler  2002.0 
vertical partitioning for database design : a graphical algorithm bn shamkant   ra minyoung proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
harmonic analysis of spherical functions on real reductive groups ra gangolli   vs varadarajan  1988.0 
on 2-d polynomials and discrete-continuous systems z trzaska applied mathematics and computer science   1997.0 
edinburgh   2003 jm scott   tw green   
design of a generalized balanced multiple-valued file organization scheme of order two s yamamoto   s tazawa   k ushio   h ikeda proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference  
warm water vapour pixels over high clouds as observed by meteosat sa tjemkes   l van de berg   j schmetz contributions to atmospheric physics   1997.0 
standardizing the representation of user tasks . mr frank   
three studies for social housing d emmanuel  1977.0 
j neurosci meth ( 2003 ) m gazzoni   d farina   r merletti   
traffimaticsâ ?? intelligent co-operative vehicle highway systems g bilchev   d marston   n hristov   e peytchev   n bt technology journal   2004.0 
satellite crosspolar measurements at bt laboratories . rg howell   jw harris   m mehler bt technology journal   1992.0 
initial vascularisation of the pig placenta : 1 v dantzer   r leiser demonstration of non-glandular areas by histology and & hellip ;    
performance = motivation x ability : an integration-theoretical analysis . nh anderson   ca butzin journal of personality and social psychology   1974.0 
andâ ?? â ??   1984 : validation of the â ?? on-siteâ ?? precipitation processing system for nexrad p ahnert   m hudlow   e johnson   d greene   mr dias & hellip ; . on radar meteor.   zurich   switzerland   amer . meteor .  
a parallel strategy for transitive closure usind double hash-based clustering jp cheiney vldb   1990.0 
page-level cooperative garbage collection m hertz   y feng   ed berger   
dell blade : maximum power   minimum space j delaney pc magazine    
recent adv. high pressure sci . technol s le floch   m mezouar   b anterion   p toulemonde   a at  
broadband satellite networks : a networking perspective g morabito   s palazzo   c rosenberg computer networks    
efficient multicast flow control using multiple multicast groups gaia.cs.umass.edu   
efficient optimistic concurrency control using loosely synchronized clocks   acm sigmod int a adya   r gruber   b liskov   u maheshwari conf . on management of data    
sedimentology and stratigraphy of the miocene zia sand of new mexico : geological society of america ce gawne part i    
improving the precision of a closed-domain question-answering system with semantic information h doan-nguyen   l kosseim   
heat conduction at low temperature : a non-linear generalization of the guyer-krumhansl equation g lebon   d jou   j casas-vazquez   w muschik periodica polytechnica chemical engineering   1997.0 
first thoughts on closure : problems and prospects . dp fowler md    
firm and worker heterogeneity and employer-employee matched data in the national longitudinal survey jm abowd   h finer unpublished manuscript    
self-complexity as a cognitive buffer against stress-related illness and depression pw linville journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0 
human resource management   manufacturing strategy   and firm performance ma youndt   sa snell   jw dean jr   dp lepak the academy of management journal   1996.0 
microsoft corporation h. robinson   intelligent search test group . applying models in your testing s rosaria information and software  
approximate similarity search in high dimensions via hashing a gionis   p indyk   r motwani   
using sign all il # g messages instead of clocks j jaffe unpublished manuscript    
mv3r-tree : a spatio-temporal access method for timestamp and interval queries t yufei   d papadias  2000.0 
growth and characterization of high-performance photorefractive batio3 crystals c warde   mh garrett   jy chang   hp jenssen   hl  1991.0 
two examples of group exams from communication and engineering kl sandell   l welch new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
february 12   2003   professor of biology   eastern washington university   telephone conversation a scholz ecology and environment   inc.   seattle    
a distributed heterogeneoussutercomputing management system g arif   j yang ieee computer    
paper tigers : a model of the asian currency crisis g corsetti   p pesenti   n roubin  1998.0 
the principles of adult mentoring scale . nh cohen new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0 
data partitioning and load balancing in parallel disk systems p scheuermann   g weikum   p zabback the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
roles of adult males in grizzly bear population biology sf stringham international conference on bear research and management    
pierre auger collaboration s argiroâ ? ¦ proc . 28th icrc   ( tsukuba   japan   2003 )  
stereo depth estimation : the confidence interval approach g kamberova   r bajcsy proc . intl. conf . computer vision iccv98   bombay   india   jan    
fine-grained control of security capabilities d boneh   x ding   g tsudik acm transactions on internet technology   2004.0 
adenocarcinoma of the uterine cervix associated with pregnancy : a retrospective 10-year cl cook-glenn   s keyhani-rofagha   
scalable parallel data mining for association rules eh hanâ ? ¦ sigmod conference   1997.0 
bank re-engineers to fight mexican inflation t hoffman computerworld    
pitt   and wilhelm b mclennan phil . mag    
computer challenges ekg as heart saver of future . m johnson computerworld.   1990.0 
communications skills training c chambers intergenerational innovations   seattle   washington    
logic based modeling and analysis of workflows [ a ] d hasan   k michael proceedings of the seventeenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart  
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us a steventon bt technology journal   2000.0 
optimization of mixed-media communication networks k maruyama computer networks    
ode ( object database and environment )   the language and the data model actes r agrawal   n gehani acm sigmod   etats-unis   juin    
the design of a cots real-time distributed security kernel m correia   p verissimo   nf neves lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
coloring that reveals cluster structures in multivariate data s kaski   j venna   t kohonen & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems    
the other america : teens in prison gb stewart san diego : lucent    
comprehensive support for graphical   highly interactive user interfaces ba myers   da giuse   rb dannenberg   ds kosbie   e   
aspects of a high-performance parallel-architecture simulator ea brewer master &#39; s thesis   mit laboratory for computer science    
a graphical query language suplx ~ rting recursion if cruz   ao mendelzon   pt wood proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of data    
secure network management by delegation j schoenwaelder computer networks    
ncgia research initiative 3 technical report : multiple representation bp buttenfield  1990.0 
ecomrisk . org : an e-commerce security resource f makedon   c heckmanâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer & hellip ;    
the sequoia storage benchmark m stonebraker   j frew   k gardels   j meredith acm sigmod international conference on management of  
species number   stability   and equilibrium status of reptile faunas on the california islands ba wilcox the california islands : proceedings of a multidisciplinary & hellip ;   1980.0 
a method to extract the business rules from a large legacy system ab earls msc thesis   department of computer science   cardiff university (  
microphysical properties of single and mixed-phase arctic clouds derived from ground-based aeri dd turner  2003.0 
income inequality b nolan   b maitre bust to boom    
ontology management in enterprises z cui   vam tamma   f bellifemine bt technology journal   1999.0 
secure computation s micali   p rogaway unpublished manuscript    
minos 5.4 release notes   appendix to minos 5.1 userâ ?? s guide b murtagh   m saunders technical report   stanford university    
theophylline toxicity due to drug interaction . m tenenbein journal of emergency medicine   1989.0 
software snafu triggers order delays   loss t hoffman   
biogeography and distribution of three parapatric salamander species in coastal and borderland kp yanev the california islands : proceedings of a multidisciplinary & hellip ;   1980.0 
initial trust formation in new organizational relationships dh mcknight   ll cummings   nl chervany the academy of management review   1998.0 
in : soft x-ray optics and technology e pfeffermann   ug briel   h hippmann   g kettenring   proc . spie    
flowers offering oil instead of nectar s vogel xi bot . congr . abstr . seattle   washington    
imagine your telco is your bank   but a bank it ai n't a arbussã ¡ electronic payment    
a unifving framework for version control in a cad environment c chow   wk hong-tai proc . intl. conference on very large data bases   august    
topology optimization of an overlay atm network in an sdh infrastructure tv do   tt nguyen   ht tran   g kalvach   b varga computer networks   2000.0 
examples of automatic asymptotic expansions b salvy acm sigsam bulletin   1991.0 
bodhi : a database habitat for bio-diversity information sj bedathur   a kadlag   jr haritsa proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
evaluation of the 1998 forest fires in east-kalimantan ( indonesia ) using multitemporal ers-2 sar f siegert   aa hoffmann   
magnetic bubbles and relational data base h chang 4th international conference on very large data bases   sept    
broadband optimism mj miller pc magazine    
using technology in faculty development : practical examples kh gillespie new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 
qmf banks with approximately linear-phase analysis and synthesis filters   '' mm ekanayake   k premaratne   iir two-channel proc . 28th annual asilomar conference    
lanham boon thau loo scott shenker _ ion stoica   querying the internet with pier rhjmh nick proceedings of the 29th vldb conference   berlin   germany    
the rhizosphere ea curl   b truelove  1985.0 
one approach for generalization of real-time distributed systems benchmarking ni kamenoff proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;   1996.0 
reflecting on â ?? the limits to capitalâ ?? d harvey annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;    
sex-related social   mating   and foraging behavior in some sequentially hermaphroditic reef fishes sg hoffman  1980.0 
structures in the turbulent boundary layer and their interaction with particles d kaftori  1993.0 
bw   and watson   v. system r relational approach to database management mm astrarlan   mw blasgen   dd chamberlin   kp acm trans database syst    
blog tools nj rubenking pc magazine . retrieved january    
building a secure   location transparent object invocation system dm putzolu proceedings of the 4th international workshop on object - & hellip ;   1995.0 
clu session b ryder history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
hypertextas a medium for interactive learning mr kibby   jt mayes   c knussen procs . of 6th canadiansymposium on instructional  
a user interface toolkit based on graphical objects andconstraints . da szekely proceedings of acm oopsla    
phonetic alphabet for speech recognition of czech j nouza   j psutka   j uhlir radioengineering-prague -   1997.0 
privacy in data systems - group of 4 & raquo ; r agrawal proceedings of the twenty-second acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ;   2003.0 
spontaneous user behavior in vocal queries for audio-mining . m lesaffre   d moelants   m leman  2003.0 
the agrarian revolution in georgia   1865-1912 rp brooks  1914.0 
from ideas and arguments to hyperdocuments : travelling through activity spaces na streitz   j hannemann   m thã 1/4 ring proceedings of the second annual acm conference on hypertext   1989.0 
integrating triggers and declarative constraints in sql database systems r cochrane   h pirahesh   nm mattos vldb   1996.0 
secure real-time transaction processing jr haritsa   b george   
improving cisc instruction decoding performance using a fill unit m franklin   m smotherman proc . 28th ann . int &#39; l symp .  
europe safeguards privacy m betts   
thera and therasia jw sperling  1973.0 
exploring the tradeoff between imbalance and separator size in nested dissection ordering e rothberg submitted for publication    
to table or not to table : a hypertabular answer g santucci   l tarantino sigmod record   1996.0 
buffer overflow management in qos switches a kesselman   z lotker   y mansour   b patt-shamir   b   
acute lindane poisoning in three children1 sp nordt   g chew journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
curriculum vitae june 2003 sn durlauf  1987.0 
caterpillar to launch satellite video conferencing system j cope computerworld    
computer-aided control system design jm maciejowski   cy tan conference proceedings on data management 91 table of & hellip ;   1992.0 
on the motion of the lorentz electron ga schott phil . mag    
evaluation of chemical shift imaging using a two-dimensional presscsi sequence : work in progress rh wu   dj mikulis   d ducreux   a crawley   km kong     
psychological studies of doctor-patient communication p ley contributions to medical psychology   1977.0 
host-symbiont conflict over the mixing of symbiotic lineages sa frank proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
it is safe to manage selected patients with acute coronary syndromes in unmonitored beds am kelly   d kerr journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
birds of north america f alsop  2001.0 
pradiktive regelung der ammonium-stickstoffkonzentration in klaranlagen mit ausgleichsbecken m schuhen  1998.0 
managerial fads and fashions : the diffusion and rejection of innovations e abrahamson the academy of management review   1991.0 
black colleges and universities : challenges for the future am garibaldi   
implementing an on-the-fly garbage collector for java t domani   ek kolodner   e lewis   ee salant   k   
evaluation of function blocks for asynchronous design cd nielsen proceedings of acm   1994.0 
learning from native adult education ja orr new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
an evaluation of value-transfer within a modular supply chain d doran   r roome   
mobile computing with windows xp j calhoon   
soft computing-a tool for building intelligent systems b azvine   n azarmi   kc tsui bt technology journal    
object-oriented real-time systems : concepts and examples te bihari   
the role of initial flaw size and plasticity in adjacent layers in channeling crack growth in thin jm ambrico   mr begley submitted for publication   2002.0 
democracy in america a tocqueville   
la grande dã © sillusion   ã?ditions lgf   2003 je stiglitz   
a new dynamic geotechnical centrifuge and performance of shaking table tests . m sato proc.   int . conf . on centrifuge    
magneto-rheological fluid dampers for semi-active s eismic control jd carson   
constrained rotary mr damper design and its application   movicâ ?? 98 sh kim   y park proc . of int . conf.   zurich   switzerland    
numerical continuation methods : an introduction el allgower   k georg  1990.0 
gflops qr processor on a xilinx virtex-e fpgaâ ?? rl walke   rwm smith   g lightbody spie   san diego    
international forum on coating science and technology x chen   l wu   s zhou   b you  2002.0 
lexique et groupes consonantiques v aubergã ©   lj boã ``   jp lefevre proceedings of the 17th journã © es d &#39; etudes sur la parole    
the sequoia 2000 benchmark m stonebraker   j frew   k gardels   j meredith sigmod conference    
shared interactive video for teleconferencing c liao   q liu   d kimber   p chiu   j foote   l wilcox proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
the book of indian animals . 4th impression sh prater  1993.0 
mechanisms linking work and family : clarifying the relationship between work and family constructs jr edwards   np rothbard academy of management review   2000.0 
using artificial intelligence to solve problems in software quality management cj burgess software quality management-international conference -    
agents for process coherence in virtual enterprises ak jain   mp singh communications-acm   1999.0 
writing teaching assessment questions for precision and reflection wl rando new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
histopathology of graft-vs . - host reaction ( gvhr ) in human recipients of marrow from hl-a-matched kg lerner   gf kao   r storb   cd buckner   ra clift   transplant proc   1974.0 
developmental care for promoting development and preventing morbidity in preterm infants ( cochrane a symington   j pinelli cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
reasoning about binary topological relations   chapter `` reasoning about binary topological relations . m egenhofer  1991.0 
s-plus 4.5 for windows i math soft mathsoft   seattle   washington    
creating and maintaining team-taught interdisciplinary general education mb seabury   ka barrett new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained associations rules rtnlvs lakshmanan   j han   a pang proceedings of the acm sigmod-98   1998.0 
m.   franklin   m. . livny   m.   shekita   e. data cuchtng tradeoffs tn client-server dfims archftectures c carey proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;    
computing in america : electronic learning 's sixth annual survey of the states f reinhold electronic learning   1986.0 
mining periodic patterns with gap requirement from sequences m zhang   b kao   dw cheung   ky yip proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
the rendezvous language and architecture for constructing multi-users applications r gill   t brinck   s rohall   j patterson proceedings of acm tichi  
distributed fusion architectures and algorithms for target tracking me liggins   cy chong   i kadar   mg alford   v proceedings-ieee    
an environment for an operating system jr goodroe   gf leonard proc . acm 17th nat . conf    
a phonological model of intonation for use in speech synthesis by rule dr ladd procs european conference on speech technology    
w   halperin bi and varma cm 1972 p anderson phil .  
random testing revisited . ps loo   wk tsai information and software technology   1988.0 
good   a graph-oriented database system m gemis   j paredaens   i thyssens   jv bussche proceedings of sigmod   sigmod  
andâ ?? â ??   1993 : structure of a tropical convective system and associated vortex : a tamex case study bjd jou   ck yu proc . 26th int . radar  
sic power-switching devicesâ ?? the second electronics revolution ? ja cooperjr   a agarwal proceedings of the ieee   2002.0 
electronic applications for the calculation of static and dynamic elements of forest stands of beach l apatsidis   h sifakis & hellip ; research institute of athens publishers   athens   greece ( in & hellip ;    
hygienic quality of source separated urine based on the analysis of faecal indicator bacteria   ta stenstrã ¶ m   a sundin   h jã ¶ nsson   
an algorithm for linearly constrained adaptive processing ol frost proceedings of the ieee    
integrating geographic information systems and agent-based modeling techniques for simulating social hr gimblett  2002.0 
solving the load flow problem using grobner basis a montes   j castro acm sigsam bulletin   1995.0 
s. shenker   and l. zhang.â ?? macaw a media access protocol for wiiless lanâ ?? s : â ?? in v bharghavan   a demers proc . acm  
investigation of polymeric space-charge and optically-nonlinear dipole electrets g yang  1996.0 
tacit knowledge as a promoter of success in technology firms ku koskinen   
part three : where should leaders in adult and continuing education come from ? . p jarvis   ws griffith new directions for adult and continuing education   1992.0 
understanding the effects of developer activities on inspection interval dm mancl   aa porter   hp siy   lg votta jr proc int conf software eng   1997.0 
the performance of concurrency control algorithms for dbms & proc . 10th intl mj carey   m stonebmker conf . on very large data bases   singapore   august    
the independent factor analysis approach to latent variable modeling a montanari   c viroli  2004.0 
oberlander.   j. ( 2003 ) . understanding interactive graphical communication n fay   s garrod   j lee proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the cognitive  
applying an update method to a set of receivers u antwerp   
scalable hversus ip routing lookups m waldvogel   g varghese   j turner   b plattner proc . acm  
itâ ?? s time toimplement embedded networking and internetworking o pfeiffer   jr rodrigues electronic design   2002.0 
computational geometry by example m de berg   m van kreveld   m overmars   o unpublished manuscript    
a 3 2-approximation algorithm for independent scheduling malleable tasks g mounie   c rapine   d trystram submitted for publication    
conflict in south african cities dm smith geography    
a distributed database for biomolecular images ak singh   bs manjunath   rf murphy sigmod record   2004.0 
defining collaborative partnerships im saltiel new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 
verifying continuous-time markov chains a aziz   k sanwal   v singhal   rk brayton lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
min-cost matchmaker problem in distributed publish/subscribe infrastructures z ge   p ji   j kurose   d towsley   
improving software quality and productivity dn card   tl clark   ra berg information and software technology   1987.0 
perpendicular conductivity and self-consistent electric fields in tokamak edge plasma v rozhansky   s voskoboynikov   e kovaltsova   d   
estado y vitivinicultura . las polãticas pãºblicas de la transiciã ³ n. mendoza â ?? am mateu unpublished  
a history of system r and sql/data system ( invited paper ) dd chamberlin   am gilbert   ra yost vldb    
issues in the design of adaptive middleware load balancing o othman   dc schmidt   
low-rate speech coding based on the sinusoidal model rj mcaulay   tf quatieri advances in speech signal processing   1992.0 
excursions above the minimum for diffusions pj fitzsimmons unpublished manuscript    
corporate headquarters relocation and changes in metropolitan corporate dominance   1980-1987 sr holloway   jo wheeler economic geography   1991.0 
carbon cycling in the upper waters of the sargasso sea : ii . numerical simulation of apparent and wp bissett   kl carder   jj walsh   da dieterle deep-sea research i   1999.0 
a note on coloring random k-sets n alon   j spencer unpublished  
comments on the debate : data-structure-set versus relational j clymer acm sigmod record   1975.0 
how lossy compression shrinks images . b simon pc  
chatâ ?? s where itâ ?? s atâ ?? a hickman pc magazine    
modelnet : scalability and accuracy in a largescale network emulator k yocumâ ? ¦ proc acm sigcomm    
seven mile boots-implications of an everyday interface m pichlmair proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
nursing-physician communication breakdown : is it a basis for nurse liability ? je george   ms quattrone   m goldstone  1996.0 
measurement of silicon strength as affected by wafer back processing g hawkins   h berg   m mahalingamâ ? ¦ 25 thannual proceedings : reliability physics ieee    
ways to go in rama : a case study in polygrammaticalization ' cg craig approaches to grammaticalization    
disability identity development : an exploratory investigation sk grant  1996.0 
asymptotic observer design for constrained robot systems hp huang   
an optimal control approach to real-time vehicle guidance m vogel   o von stryk   r bulirsch   tm wolter   c submitted for  
theoretical and practical issues in the preferred argument structure of brazilian portuguese r dutra & hellip ; barbara : unpublished monograph . university of california    
exploratory trees for semi-markov processes o intrator proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface of & hellip ;    
cb or not cb r kibble centering theory applied to nlg . in procs . of acl workshop & hellip ;    
assessing pay discrimination using national data dj treiman   hi hartmann   pa roos see remick    
molecular selforganisation in a developmental model for the evolution of large-scale artificial h bolouri   r adams   s george   ag rust procs of the int . conf . on neural information processing and & hellip ;    
intentional iron overdose in pregnancy-management and outcome t tran   jr wax   c philput   jd steinfeld   cj journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
pier : using interactive multimedia m nilsson   u nulden submitted for publication    
on the precision measurement of air velocity by means of the linear hot-wire anemometer lv king phil . mag    
vacuum-assisted closure versus saline-moistened gauze in the healing of postoperative diabetic foot sk mccallon   ca knight   jp valiulus   mw cunningham   
enzyme histochemistry and immunohistochemistry with freeze-dried or freeze-substituted resin - gi murray the histochemical journal   1992.0 
object-relational database systems ( tutorial ) : principles   products and challenges mj carey   nm mattos   ak nori proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1997.0 
concerning restsite package vl . 1 jc miller university of wisconsin    
load balancing and data locality in parallel hierarchial n-body methods jp singhâ ? ¦ technical report csl-tr-92-505   stanford university   february  
future challenges for the residential conference center . ce kasworm   eg simpsonâ ? ¦ new directions for adult and continuing education   1990.0 
federated youth foundation scholarship award aa form   
on the reproductive biology of the strictly protected plants of cyprus cc kadis  1995.0 
a unifying view of knowledge representation for inductive learning af bowers   c giraud-carrier   jw lloyd submitted for publication    
5.0 ppc p fit quantum soft   zurich   switzerland    
routing on longest-matching prefixes w doeringer   g karjoth   m nassehi ieee/acm transactions on networking ( ton )   1996.0 
cognitive style   categorization   and vocational effectss on performance of rel database users dg egly   kt wescourt acm sigsoc bulletin   1981.0 
on frequency assignment in mobile automatic telephone systems a gamst   w rave proc . globecom    
michael tan . semantic data caching and replacement s dar   mj franklin   bã ? jã ³ nsson   d srivastava vldb  
integrating path and timing analysis using instruction-level simulation techniques t lundqvist   p stenstroem lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
kungl . svenska vetensk . akad . handl.   p. 327 ( 1852 ) ; poggendorff annalen 94   141 ( 1855 ) aj ã?ngstrã ¶ m phil . mag    
effect of the antimigraine drugs   ergotamine   dihydroergotamine and methysergide   on cranial elh spierings   pr saxena submitted for  
efficient frequency domain digital video scrambling for content access control w zeng   s lei proc . acm  
study of triaxial creep testing method and model for creep deformation on sedimentary soft rocks [ a ] k hayano   m matsmoto proc . of the 29th symp . of rock mechsl ] : [ sn ]   1999    
images of anrâ ?? s g kozlowski unpublished  
â ?? the strip rule system for efficiently maintaining derived data   & rdquo b adelberg   h garcia-molina   j widom proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . management of data    
principles of bone biology lf bonewald   jp bilezikian   lg raisz   ga rodan  1996.0 
long-term trends in the ionosphere and upper atmosphere parameters : results derived in the wp 1.5 of j bremerâ ? ¦ natl. obs . of athens   spetses island   greece    
parallel disk assembly packs 1.5 gbytes   runs at 4 mbytes/s n mokho electronic design    
evaluation of concurrency control strategies for mixed soft real-time database systems ky lam   tw kuo   b kao   tsh lee   r cheng   
moving assessment forward : enabling conditions and stumbling blocks tw banta new directions for higher education   1997.0 
the hot-blooded insects b heinrich  1993.0 
some locally 3 { arc transitive graphs constructed from triality m giudici   ch li   ce praeger   
temporal inferences in medical texts kk obermeier proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ;   1985.0 
supporting mobility in content-based publish/subscribe middleware l fiege   fc gartner   o kasten   a zeidler lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
anti-leukotriene agents compared to inhaled corticosteroids in the management of recurrent and/or fm ducharme   gc hicks cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
spruce-fir forests of eastern north america ps white   cv cogbill ecological studies   1992.0 
parallel processing network for adaptive controllers yz chang   
sagas ksh garca-molina proc . of the sigmod international conference on management & hellip ;    
crystallinity effects in the electron microscopy of polyethylene aw agar   fc frank   a keller phil . mag    
0 . shmueli . event specification in an active object-oriented database nh gehani   hv jagadish proc . of the 1992 acm sigmod intl. conf on the management of  
a hierarchical bayes approach to variable selection for generalized linear models x wang   ei george   
where were we : making and using near-synchronous   pre-narrative video sl minneman   sr harrison   
teg : a high-performance   scalable   multi-network point-to-point communications methodology ts woodall   rl graham   rh castain   dj daniel   mw lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
speech recognition - making it work for real f scahill   je talintyre   sh johnson   ae bass   j bt technology journal   1996.0 
handbook of batteries . d linden   
a formalism for consistency and partial replication m shapiro   k bhargavan   y chong   y hamadi   
ammar   andellenw . zegura   inter-receiverfairness : a novel performance measure for multicast abr mh tianjijiang proceedings of acm  
structure-sharing in lexical representation d flickinger   c pollard   t wasow proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ;   1985.0 
elxsi data management services   exhibition program n whyte 10th vldb conference   singapore    
matching range images of human faces jc lee   e milios   
screening op colorectaal kanker in nederland : tijd om te starten . ( â ?? cocast-reportâ ?? ) instituut m van ballegooijen   
a massive repository for the national medical knowledge bank wm sterling   
usa wa seattle to appear    
bulking agents   antispasmodic and antidepressant medication for the treatment of irritable bowel ao quartero   v meineche-schmidt   j muris   g rubin   cochrane database syst rev   2005.0 
using spatial segregation measures in gis and statistical modeling packages dws wong   wk chong urban geography   1998.0 
reconstruction and interpretation of 3d body surface images l dekker   bf buxton   i douros   t vassilev procs of scanning    
12   389â ± 395 ; f ) s. anderson   hl anderson   jkm sanders dhbji phenom acc . chem . res    
viki : spatial hypertext supporting emergent structure cm catherine   ms frank   hc james proc . acm  
partitioning before logic synthesis r camposano   rk brayton proc . iccad    
acceptance testing rw miller   ct collins   
tilebars : visualizationoftermdistribution infulltext informationaccess ma hearst proceedings of acm  
icatect : integrating design tools for preliminary architectural design r amor msc thesis   department of computer science   victoria university  
the building blocks for specifying communication of complex objects   an activity-driver approach l ling  1996.0 
ingham â ?? constructing reliable web applications using atomic actionsâ ?? sk little   sj shrivastava   db caughey computer networks    
specifying and analyzing dynamic software architectures r allen   r douence   d garlan lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
modeling of visual-vestibular interaction and the fast components of nystagmus cgy lau  1978.0 
measurement of distance and height in images based on easy attainable calibration parameters t bucher   
theory of difference equations : numerical methods and applications academic press v lakshmikantham   d trigiante san diego    
a surface temperature and moisture parameterization for use in mesoscale numerical models   paper cj tremback   r kessler am . meteorol . soc.   montreal   canada   june    
proton nmr studies on human blood plasma : an application to cancer research ( abstract only ) m ala-korpela   y hiltunen   j jokisaari   s proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
striatal function and stereotyped behavior sd iversen see divac    
asymptotics in statistics lm le cam   l marie   gl yang   
internet use by vocational education teachers in idaho jc thompson   jj connors proceedings of the 25 thannual national agricultural & hellip ;    
a technique for high-performance data coinpression ta welch ieee computer    
social conflict   social support   and psychological distress : evidence of cross-domain buffering sj lepore journal of personality and social psychology   1992.0 
do users dream of electronic libraries ? rl de prado electronic library   2000.0 
fehling   and saunders   â ?? specification based computing environments   â ?? m proc . 8th int r balzer   d dyer vldb conf    
l.   and eliã `` ns   a.â ?? style sheet support for hypermedia documentsâ ?? j van ossenbruggen   lr hardman proceedings of acm hypertext    
a primal-dual approximation algorithm for generalized steiner problems d williamson   mx goemans   m mihail   vv vazirani proceedings of the 25 thannual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;    
artificial intelligence : hype or reality ? aa hopgood   
node replacement in hypergraphs : simulation of hyperedge replacement   and decidability of confluence r klempien-hinrichs lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
collaborative analytical processing-dream or reality ? ( panel abstract ) wo ` connell   a witkowski   g graefe proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0 
analysis of wildlife radio-tracking data : academic press gc white   ra garrott san diego   california    
results from two years of owl surveys in the chequamegon/nicolet national forest a paulis  2002.0 
bilateral filtering for gray and color images ''   int ' l conf c tomasi   r manduchi comp . vis.   bombay   india    
context and collective action : four interactive building blocks for a family of explanatory theories e ostrom unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
neutrinos and long-range weak forces in cosmology vb jhangiani ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1978.0 
voltage-gated potassium channels in t lymphocytes-physiological role and changes in channel a teisseyre cellular and molecular biology letters   1996.0 
acoustics of classrooms in brazilian public schoolsâ ?? a case study in curitiba pht zannin   cp loro proceedings of the seventh congrã ¨ s franã § ais d &#39; acoustique & hellip ;    
kodama : mischievous echoes h yamakawa proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
satellite co-polar measurements at bt laboratories rg howell   jw harris   m mehler bt technology journal   1992.0 
constructing and integrating data-centric web applications : methods   tools   and techniques s ceri   i manolescu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
bayesian network model for semi-structured document classification l denoyer   p gallinari information processing and management   2004.0 
work-load balancing in highly parallel depth-firstsearch a reinefeld   
clonal variation in four-yearold loblolly pine in coastal north carolina lj frampton   da huber proceedings of the 23rd southern forest tree improvement & hellip ;    
future of equityâ ?? 2003 update mhr consulting june   at    
a structural english query language dd chamberlin   rfs boyce proc . acm sigmod workshop   ann arbor   mich.   may    
42nd interscience conference on antimicrobial agents and chemotherapy cl celum   c renzi   m fosterâ ? ¦ san diego   ca    
management of schema evolution in databases   17th int j andany   m leonard   c palisser conference on  
transitive closure algorithm memtc and its performance analysis v hirvisalo   e nuutila   e soisalon-soininen   
an overview of good j paredaens   j van den bussche   m andries   m gemis acm sigmod record   1992.0 
usa   january 1973 ny york   
an earthworm population and activity survey of selected agronomic areas in minnesota dj fuchs   dr linden unpublished manuscript    
the general use of tying in phoneme-based hmm speech recognisers sj young   
a graphical notebook as interaction metaphor for querying databases sf silva   t catarci   u schiel   
ethics of student-faculty friendshipâ ? in ethical dimensions of college and university teaching : r baker jr new directions for teaching and learning    
hordeiviruses : biology and pathology tw carroll see ref    
an efficient algorithm for discovering frequent subgraphs m kuramochi   g karypis ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
dietary effects on serum phytanic acid levels and on clinical manifestations in heredopathia l eldjarn   k try   o stokke   s refsum   o steinberg   lancet i   1966.0 
ii . the determination of the entropyâ ?? absolute temperature relation below 1 k jm daniels   fnh robinson phil . mag    
the eternity service rj anderson proceedings of pragocrypt   1996.0 
comparing data streams using hamming norms g cormode   m datar   p indyk   s muthukrishnan proceedings of 28th international conference on very large & hellip ;   2002.0 
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us ig dufour bt technology journal   1997.0 
the challenges to invisible computing g borriello   
a new dual wavelength hail signal derived from differential reflectivity ( zdr ) dual polarization k aydin   ta seliga   vn bringi conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
information architecture : a new discipline for organizing hypertext   opening keynote speech at p kahn proceedings of acm hypertext &#39; 01    
numerical solution of large quadratic programs in training support vector machines avl zanni   
arvind   and de culler . the price of parallelism . computation structures group memo 278 k ekanadham  1987.0 
population dynamics of yellowtail rockfish ( sebastes flavidus ) stocks in the northern california to jv tagart university of washington   seattle   washington   usa    
serial abdominal ultrasound in the setting of trauma1 so henderson   j sung   d mandavia journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
tumors and tumorlike lesions of bone and joints f schajowicz  1981.0 
selective markov models for predicting web page access m deshpanse   g karypis acm transactions on internet technology   4 ( 2 )    
advertising   r & d expenditures and the market value of the firm kw chauvin   m hirschey   
performance modeling of las based scheduling in packet switched networks ia rai   g urvoy-keller   m vernon   ew biersack proc . of acm sigmetrics-performance    
parallel functional languages and compilers bk szymanski  1991.0 
two layer vector quantization of images j mihalik   
artistic creation as stimulated by superimposed versus separated visual images rs sobel   a rothenberg journal of personality and social psychology   1980.0 
fehler und fehlerkorrektur   fernstudieneinheit 19   langenscheidt   mã 1/4 nchen   1997/98 k kleppin   
an american dilemma : the negro problem and modern g myrdal table  
the messy reality of socially responsible business j entine   
integrating the quantitative and qualitative er house new directions for program evaluation    
van der merwe   â ?? a flexible model for resource management in virtual private networksâ ?? n duffield   p goyal   a greenberg   p mishra   kk proc . acm  
temporal fds on complex objects   acm tans j wijsen database syst    
retrieving music-to index or not to index   a haapaniemi   e ukkonen   
d.   naughton   j.   1993   â ?? the 007 benchmarkâ ?? m carey   w de proceedings of the 1993 acm  
database support for efficiently maintaining derived data b adelberg   b kao   h garcia-molina   
quasi-exact region-of-interest reconstruction from helical cone-beam data m defrise   f noo   h kudo ieee medical imaging   1999   seattle   washington   usa   1999.0 
use of roles and policies for specifying   building and managing virtual enterprises e lupu   z milosevic   m sloman at  
the efficacy of intravenous droperidol in the prehospital setting cl rosen   af ratliff   re wolfe   sw branney   e jedd journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
handling real-time images comes naturally to systolic array chip w hannaway   g shea   wr bishop electronic design    
descent and marriage reconsidered f barth see ref    
a processand atoolfor creating service descriptions based on daml-s m klein   b konig-ries proc . of the 4th vldb workshop on technologies for e -  
numerical modeling of turbulent natural-gas diffusion flames twj peeters delft : delft technical university    
collaborative joins in a pervasive computing environment f perich   a joshi   y yesha   t finin the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2005.0 
the wavelengths of soft x-rays from radium b e rutherford   enc andrade phil . mag    
decoupling multivariable self-tuning controller for varying time delays f mahieddine   as morris   
query optimization in compressed database systems z chen   j gehrke   f korn   
semantic data caching and replacement . 22nd vldb conf s dar   m franklin   b jonsson   d srivastava   m tan bombay   india    
a performance study of the cambridge ring gs blair computer networks    
hypertext : a survey and introduction j conklin ieee computer    
chimie 2003   6   635-644 ; b ) hang   hc ; bertozzi   cr f peri   l cipolla   b la ferla   f nicotra acc . chem . res    
distributed file organization with scalable cost/performance r vingralek   y breitbart   g weikum sigmod conference   1994.0 
0 . shmueli . event specification in an object-oriented database nh gehani   hv jagadish proceedings   international conference on management of  
xerox parc   â ?? analysis and simulation of a fair queuing algorithm   â ?? a demers   s keshav   s shenker proc . acm sigcomm symposium    
graphical fisheye views of graphs msmh brown proceedings of acm  
understanding mcmc go roberts   rl tweedie to appear    
lock   and muirhead f cameriniâ ? ¦ phil . mag    
endometrial destruction techniques for heavy menstrual bleeding a lethaby   m hickey cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
dimension-exchange algorithms for load balancing on trees me houle   a symvonis   dr wood   
constraint grammarsâ ?? a new model for specifying graphical applications bt zanden acm sigchi bulletin   1989.0 
crooked beak of heaven b holm  1972.0 
cost estimation of user-defined methods in object-relational database systems j boulos sigmod record   1999.0 
preliminary argus reference manual . program . methodol . group memo 39 b liskovâ ? ¦  1983.0 
the 007 benchmark mj carey   dj dewitt   jf naughton proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference  
connecting the design of software to the design of work ka butler   c esposito   r hebron communications-acm   1999.0 
recent bt patents pc smythe bt technology journal   1998.0 
responding to success and failure . h mills new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
incremental generation of parser for knowledge manipulation in prolog i foucherot   i blot   f jacquenet 10th logic programming workshop   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;    
high-performance frontends for trace processors qa jacobson  1999.0 
human resource systems and sustained competitive advantage : a competency-based perspective aa lado   mc wilson the academy of management review   1994.0 
investigations on silviculture and productivity of the virgin forest scatlã © / brigels . fw hillgarter  1971.0 
the concept of the firm in economic geography m taylor   b asheim economic geography    
fine-grained sharing in a page server dbms m carey   m franklin   m zaharioudakis proc . of acm  
daml + oil : a reason-able web ontology language i horrocks lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 
aprendizaje con la internet : una aproximaciã ³ n crãtica bi enseã ± anza san diego university    
methods and application of phonetic label alignment in speech processing tasks j nouza   m myslivec radioengineering-prague -   2000.0 
preliminary clinical experience with biodegradable plate and screw fixation m ninkovic   a rumer   a kofler & hellip ; of the european union demonstration project bmh4â ?? 98â ?? & hellip ;    
on improved multiuser detection with soft decision interference cancellation a lampe   j huber proc . int . conf .  
the 1979 canada-usa cooperative bacillus thuringiensis spray trials against the spruce budworm   on morris washington   seattle   washington    
the national medical knowledge bank w sterling proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
a localizing geiger counter sgf frank phil . mag   1951.0 
the interaction of students ' self-reported motivation and strategies and situational motivation and s jaã?rvelaã ?   m niemivirta   k hakkarainen  1999.0 
ande m carey   m franklin   m livny & hellip ;   â ?? in proc . acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
instructional consultation in a statewide setting ma kerwin new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
territorial competition and locational advantage in the london region ir gordon american association of geographers annual conference   & hellip ;    
monolithic capacitive pressure sensor with cmos readout circuit m ylimaula   m ã?berg   j kiihamã $ ki   h ronkainen proc . 29th european solid-state circuits  
mutual dependencies and some results on undecomposable relations jm nxcholas proc . 4th int . conf . very large data bases { west berlin    
load balancing and data locality in parallel hierarchical n-body simulation jp singh   c holt   t totsuka   a gupta   jl hermessy technical report csl-tr-92-505   stanford university   february  
zippered polygon meshes from range images g turk   m levoy proceedings of siggraph   1994.0 
generalized trees to give denotational semantics to finite delay g winskel unpublished  
microsoft application center 2000 component load balancing   technologie overview c rees microsoft   september    
amodiaquine for treating malaria p olliaro   p mussano cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
institutional arrangements and government performance in the brazilian federation . vd lledã ³  2003.0 
c.   and damgard   i. multiparty unconditionally secure protocols dc chaum proc . acm  
note on the motion of fluid in a curved pipe wr dean  1927.0 
pretruncal nonaneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage efm wijdicks   gm miller mayo clinic proceedings   1998.0 
recent bt patents ad ellis bt technology journal   1997.0 
working with metafiles : modifying and sharing vector-oriented images c petzold pc magazine    
shostak 's congruence closure as completion d kapur lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
independent slip systems in crystals gw groves   a kelly phil . mag    
database management systems : relational   object-relational   and object-oriented data models ood models   
object-relational database systems : principles   products   and challenges mj carey   nm mattos   ak nori sigmod record   1997.0 
hancock . 3dsurface topography from intensity images p worthingtonande procs . international conference on computer vision    
experimental studies on seedling ecology of norway spruce in the intermediate alpine mountain forest p brang  1996.0 
a qualitative empirical study of case tool support to method learning d boukerroui   o basset   n guerin   a baskurt   lb information and software technology   1998.0 
the effect of single-family housing on multi-asset portfolio allocations dh gatzlaff unpublished manuscript    
of chemosterilants in the reproductive organs and tissues of insects v landa proc   int cong entomol   13th    
quality through people : a blueprint for proactive total quality management j choppin  1991.0 
section : forum on the history of computing ( april 20   1993 ) table of contents rf rosin history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
safe areas of computation ( sac ) for secure computing alm dos santos  2000.0 
querying the internet with pier n ahmed   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?on relaxation oscillations   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? b van der pol phil .  
improving interactive information retrieval effectiveness with 3-d graphics r swan   j allan   
intergroup effects in the mental representation of stereotypes sh babey  1998.0 
the role of large wood in the carbon cycle of central amazon rain forest jq chambers  1998.0 
on automatic annotation of images with latent space models f monay   d gatica-perez   
special issue on constructing software engineering tools j gray   a liu   l scott information & software technology   2000.0 
on not becoming a democrat : the ltte 's commitment to armed struggle p sahadevan international studies-bombay then new delhi -   1995.0 
overhead reduction in a architecture for quantum computers m oskin   f chong   i chuang ieee computer    
irs ready to award laptop pact . m betts computerworld.   1986.0 
generalized time-shift covariant qtfrs with arbitrary group delays a papandreou-suppappola proc . 29th asilomar conf . signals   syst .  
party structures and policy representation in multiparty elections : an application to norwegian j adams   s merrill iii typescript . santa barbara : university of california    
effects of cattle grazing systems on willow-dominated plant associations in central oregon bl kovalchik   w elmore mcarthur   d. bedunah   and cl wambolt   compilers . proceedings & hellip ;    
andm . pease . the byzantine generalsproblem l lamport   r shostak proc . acm toplas    
performance analysis of mobile packet radio networks in real channels with inhibit-sense multiple r prasad   
the oo7 benchmark . buneman p   jajodia s mj carey   dj de witt   jf naughton proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference  
recent bt patents mj adams bt technology journal   1997.0 
decidability and expressiveness aspects of logic queries o shumueli proc . acm sigmod-sigact symp . principles of database systems    
sandia national laboratories sciiiu manual san diego   ca    
international emergency medical services : assessment of developing prehospital systems abroad1 mj vanrooyen   tl thomas   kj clem journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 
voice   control   and procedural justice : instrumental and noninstrumental concerns in fairness ea lind   r kanfer   pc earley journal of personality and social psychology    
the effect of learning styles on student performance in interactive video courses r rudd   r telg proceedings of the 25 thnational agricultural education & hellip ;    
efficient incremental garbage collection for client-server object database systems l amsaleg   m franklin vldb   1995.0 
the bookmark and the compass : orientation tools for hypertext users m bernstein   
a framework for distributed management with mobile components m feridun   j krause computer networks   2001.0 
a dos-limiting network architecture x yang   d wetherall   t anderson proceedings of acm sigcomm   2005.0 
htpd conference 2004 m kuldkeppâ ? ¦ san  
the biology and therapy of acute myelogenous leukemia fr appelbaum   j downing   c willman & hellip ; program   american society of hematology   seattle   washington & hellip ;    
practical mostly-static information flow control a myers proceedings of acm sigplan-sigact symposium on principles of  
the building blocks for specifying communication behavior of complex objects : an activity-driven l liu   r meersman acm transactions on database systems   1996.0 
ductile shear zones ; a mechanism of rock deformation in the orthogneisses of the maggia nappe   c simpson  1981.0 
large-signal behavior of junction transistors jj ebers   jl moll proc . ire    
economics and scalability of qos solutions abd reid bt technology journal   2005.0 
index concurrency control in firm real-time database systems b goyal   jr haritsa   s seshadri   v srinivasan proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;   1995.0 
complexity of products of modal logics   1997 m marx   
juvenile hormone control of epidermal commitment in vivo and in vitro lm riddiford see ref    
a performance study of power-saving polices for wi-fi hotspots g anastasi   m conti   e gregori   a passarella computer networks   2004.0 
precision based precision timing without gps a pasztor   d veitch proceedings of acm  
medical ultrasound transducers and beamforming s holm   
an economic analysis of vegetative buffer strip implementation . case study : elkhorn slough   monterey fa rein coastal management   1999.0 
j.   girgensohn   a.   and l. wilcox   â ?? an intelligent media browser using automatic multimodal j foote   j boreczky proc . acm  
centralized end-to-end flow control in a best-effort network-on-chip p avasare   v nollet   jy mignolet   d verkest   h proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
arac protein from escherichia coli gl wilcox  1972.0 
publish/subscribe in nonstop sql : transactional streams in a relational context m hanlon   j klein   r van der linden   h zeller data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
a survey of concurrent metatem-the language and its applications m fisher lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
pricetg ( 1979 ) accesspathelectioninarelationaldatabasemanagement system amm selingerpg   lr chamberlindd proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
usa   1996 ca san diego   
q1650 k = 7 multi-code rate viterbi decoder technical data sheet . 6455 lusk boulevard i qualcomm san diego   ca    
virtual hashing dynamically changing hashing w lltwm proc of 4th vldb   west-berlin   sep    
table of integrals   series   and products ( 4th edition 1980   academic press ) is gradshtein   im ryzhik see  
graphical turns in multimodal communication i umata   a shimojima   y katagiri   n swoboda proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the cognitive & hellip ;    
a study of curriculum utilized in three carpenterâ ?? s apprenticeship programs in wisconsin and gt coenen  2002.0 
knowledge sharing technology project overview t finin   m cutkosky   t gruber   j van baalen technical report ksl-91-71   stanford university   november  
design and analysis of authentication of employ agreement [ c ] d bin   w jian proceedings of 2003 international conference on management & hellip ;    
neuroticism   marital interaction   and the trajectory of marital satisfaction br karney   tn bradbury journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
fast algorithm to find frequent item . sets for mining of association rules xp du   k kaneko   a makinouchi proc . int conf info society in the 21st century : emerging & hellip ;    
et ai . exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained associations rules nrl lvs   j han  1998.0 
computer graphics   prentice-hall d hearn   mp baker   
groups ask ftc to investigate amazon . com 's privacy policies l rosencrance   
guidance and control of ocean vehicles ti fossen   
exploiting and protecting 802.11 b wireless networks c ellison pc magazine   september 4th   2001.0 
the death of personal privacy c chaves computerworld    
a guide to the nests   eggs   and nestlings of north american birds   2nd ed : academic press pj baicich   cjo harrison san diego   california    
calcium-aluminumâ ?? rich inclusions from enstatite chondrites : indigenous or foreign ? jc phys   r lett acc . chem . res   1997.0 
local publicity and local press in greece n demertzis athens : agricultural bank of greece    
â ?? using multicast fec to solve the midnight madness problemâ ??   microsoft corporation   redmond   wa   e schooler   j gemmell  1997.0 
applying query structuring in cross-language retrieval d puolamaki   a pirkola   k jarvelin  2001.0 
reducing prejudice in children : guidelines from research ja banks social studies and the young learner    
the evaluation of thrombomodulin activity in porcine to human xenotransplantation jh lawson   lj daniels   jl platt transplantation proceedings   1997.0 
one-round secure computation and secure autonomous mobile agents c cachin   j camenisch   j kilian   j muller lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
query by diagram : a graphical environment for querying databases di e sistemistica   l sapienza   
psychosocial risk factors in the transition from moderate to heavy use or abuse of drugs js brook   p cohen   m whiteman   as gordon vulnerability to drug abuse    
a first experimental study of a dynamic transitive closure algorithm t miller   c zaroliagis   
weir s reis san diego   california    
v.   and waterfield el mayes md    
complex objects and their use m design trausacnons ra lone   w plouffe acm sig-mod conf on management of data    
global optimization using interval analysis . m er hansen new york    
context-sensitive learning methods for text categorization wc william   s yoram  1996.0 
new paradigms for constructing symmetric encryption schemes secure against chosen-ciphertext attack a desai lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
self-monitoring and speech in feigned and unfeigned lying aw siegman   ma reynolds journal of personality and social psychology    
singular distributed parameter systems z trzaska   
overview of the constrained expression design language lk dillon  1986.0 
xviith congress of the international union of crystallography ik larsen   bb nielsen   h rasmussen   js kastrup seattle   washington   usa abstract ps04    
performance analysis of coherency control policies through lock retention a dan   ps yu   
developing and maintaining contact with clients . wt vericker new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
a structured english query language dd chamberlin   fbs raymond proc . acm-sigmod    
approximation and operator scheduling in data streams s rizvi   
a short table of the functions ki   ( x )   from n = 1 to n = 16 wg bickley   j naylor phil . mag    
hypertext : anintroductionandsurvey j conklin ieee computer    
nonequilibrium numerical simulation of radiation cooled arcjets s miller   m martinez-sanchez proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion  
constructing and integrating data-centric web applications s ceri   i manolescu methods   tools and techniques   vldb    
in emulsion polymerization m nomura piirma   i.    
hypertext presentation of thesauri used in online searching . r pollard   
experimental evaluation of bi-directional multimodal interaction with conversational agents s buisine   jc martin   
the comparison of two merged rain gaugeâ ?? satellite precipitation datasets a gruber   x su   m kanamitsu   j schemm   
recent design trade-offs in sql3 n mattos   lg demichiel sigmod record   1994.0 
on computing correlated aggregates over continual data streams j gehrke   f korn   d srivastava sigmod conference   2001.0 
human factors comparison of a procedural and a nonprocedural query language c welty   dw stemple acm transactions on database systems   1981.0 
environmental effects on mechanical properties of silicon nitride joints with metallic interlayers   k suganuma   t okamoto & hellip ; of an international workshop   santa barbara california   usa    
helix : the architecture of a distributed file system m friorich   w older proceedings of the 4th international conference on d ~ & hellip ;    
fire in the ecology of the brazilian cerrado lm coutinho fire in the tropical biota   1990.0 
applying an update method to a set of receivers m andries   l cabibbo   j paredaens   j van den acm transactions on database systems   2001.0 
interval arithmetic for computer graphics j snyder proceedings of acm siggraph    
g.   and myers   hp   1970 hg liljenvall   ag mathewson phil . mag    
numerical simulations of dense collisional systems ( abstract only ) h salo proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
the component attenuation model for low and moderate seismic regions   procs . of the 2003 pacific ntk lam   jl wilson procs . of the 2003 pacific conference on earthquake & hellip ;    
and frank brodhead e herman demonstration  
entire majorants and euler-maclaurin summation f littmann   
the biogeography of fire in the san bernardino mountains of california . university of california ra minnich geography    
kumarv ( 1997 ) scalable parallel data mining for association rules eh han   g karypis proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of  
report on the 1st international symposium on the applications of constraint databases ( cdbâ ?? 04 ) b kuijpers   p revesz sigmod record   2005.0 
kernel partial least squares regression in reproducing kernel hilbert space r rosipal   lj trejo journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
beyond the electronic book s moulthrop proc . 3rd acm hypertext conference    
neptune : a hypertext system for cad applications n delisle   m schwartz proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference  
mobile multimedia services ja harmer bt technology journal   2003.0 
postpartum depression : causes and consequences mw o'haraâ ? ¦  1994.0 
an analysis of three gigabit networking protocols for storage area networks v kaladhar ieee computer    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?deforestation and the behavior of households in the dominican republic . ã cents â ? ¬ â ? t sagawe geography    
cold flow simula-tiono f vortex induced oscillationsi namodel of solid propeilant boosters j anthoine   d olivari greater seattle   washington   aiaa paper    
effects of a decrease in downwelling irradiance on the daytime vertical distribution patterns of tm frank marine biology   2002.0 
the effect of bank debt on optimal capital structure sa johnson financial management   1998.0 
efficient optimistic concurrency control using loosely synchronized clocks a adya   r gruber   b liskov   u maheshwari sigmod conference   1995.0 
a new model for macrocell partitioning s areibi   m thompson seattle   washington : 16th international conference on & hellip ;   2001.0 
maximum profitability with minimum risk and effort aj richmond proc . 29th apcom   beijing   china    
speech and language therapy interventions for children with primary speech and language delay or j law   z garrett   c nye cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
technology in america : education c wood pc magazine    
branch history table indexing to prevent pipeline bubbles in wide-issue superscalar processors ty yeh   yn patt proc . 26th annu . int . symp . microarchitecture   1993.0 
learning multi-digit multiplication by modeling rectangles a izsã ¡ k proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the north american    
independent effects of alzheimer 's disease on neuropsychological functioning ta salthouse   jt becker neuropsychology-new york -   1998.0 
reforming welfare and rewarding work v knox   c miller   l gennetian  2000.0 
the space of the dream : a case of mis-taken identity ? e cater area   2001.0 
htpd conference 2004 a malaquiasâ ? ¦ san  
specification faithfulness in networks with rational nodes d parkes   j shneidman proceedings of the 23rd acm symposium on principles of & hellip ;    
admission control schemes to provide class-level qos in multiservice networks s kalyanasundaram   ekp chong   nb shroff computer networks   2001.0 
genetic algorithms and their tuning j kubalãk   j laå 3/4 anskã 1/2 proceedings of casys &#39; 98 ( dubois d.    
interaction between water waves and vegetation   p. 2710â ?? 2723 t asano   h deguchi   n kobayashi proceedings of the 23rd international conference on coastal & hellip ;    
exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained associations rules tn raymond   lvs lakshmanan   j han   a pang proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
educause   p. 62 . rupley   sebastion ( july 8   2003 ) â ?? gaming goes to collegeâ ?? g kallules   g stine pc  
physical database design for data warehouses-the vis problem w labio   d quass   b adelberg technical report   stanford university   1996 . available by  
secure real-time transaction processing b george   
1995 . generalized search trees for database systems jm hellerstein   jf naughton   a pfeer proc . 21th int . conf . on very large data  
agility through discipline : a debate k beck   b boehm   
the spiritual dimensions of lay ministry programs cp zeph new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
adaptive time-frequency representation for sound analysis and processing f jaillet   b torresani   
mapping the dimensions of project success aj shenhar   o levy   b dvir project management journal   1997.0 
a study of predation and predatory behavior in the pacific starfish   pisaster de landenberger  1967.0 
the antenna theorem of optical heterodyne receivers ae siegman proc . ieee    
on the hydration and denaturation of proteins dm wrinch phil . mag    
triangulation algorithms for adaptive terrain modeling   proceedings of the 4th international m heler zurich   switzerland    
liquid and fluid agents for preventing adhesions after surgery for subfertility a watson   p vandekerckhove   r lilford cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
riemann 's hypothesis and tests for primality gl miller proceedings of seventh annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;   1975.0 
soil nitrogen changes in farming systems in the humid tropics wv bartholomew see ref    
fe-ms complexes derived from ms 4 2 anions ( m = mo   w ) and their possible as analogues for structural d coucouvanis acc . chem . res    
reasoning about gradual changes of topological relationships mj egenhofer   kk al-taha lecture notes in computer science   1992.0 
essential ingredients for success . jh daughdrillâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   1988.0 
he   sr   and ndisotope geochemistry of young pacific seamounts d graham   a zindler   l reisberg   m kurz   w jenkins submitted for publication    
status of the 118 ghzâ ?? 0.5 mw-quasi cw gyrotron for tore supra and tcv tokamaks c tran   e giguet   p thouvenin   p garin   m pain   s proceedings of the 23rd international conference on infrared & hellip ;    
the incidence and prevalence of congestive heart failure in rochester   minnesota rj rodeheffer   sj jacobsen   bj gersh   te kottke mayo clinic proceedings   1993.0 
initiation of sendai virus multiplication from transfected cdna or rna with negative or positive a kato   y sakai   t shioda   t kondo   m nakanishi   y genes to cells   1996.0 
introduction to constraint databases pz revesz  2002.0 
communication complexity of document exchange g cormode   m paterson   sc sahinalp   u vishkin proc annu acm siam symp discrete algorithms   2000.0 
restructuring for large databases : three levels of abstraction sb navathe   jp fry acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
ode : object database & environment r agrawal   nh gehani acm international conference on management of data    
the sibling bond sp bank   md kahn   
the development of social behavior in the infant rhesus monkey following a period of social rc boelkins  1963.0 
towards mobile service agents within an advanced broadband in environment m breugst   l faglia   o pyrovolakis   is venieris   f computer networks   1999.0 
indigenous movement representations in transnational circuits : tales of social capital and poverty s radcliffe   n laurieâ ? ¦ american association of geographers annual conference   new & hellip ;    
research methodologies and the doctoral process jw creswell   ga miller new directions for higher education   1997.0 
can quality survive amidst adversity ? wp burgess software quality management-international conference -   1998.0 
culture and the development of everyday social explanation jg miller journal of personality and social psychology   1984.0 
asbestos : medical and legal aspects db castleman   
on the scalability of fair queueing a kortebi   l muscariello   s oueslati   j roberts   
behavior and ecology of the asiatic elephant in southeastern ceylon gm mckay smithsonian contributions to zoology    
netpipe : a network protocol independent performance evaluator qo snell   a mikler   jl gustafson   
ownership types and safe lazy upgrades in object-oriented databases c boyapati   b liskov   l shrira   
13th psi-conference d hildebrandtâ ? ¦  1998.0 
personal intelligent communications dg smith bt technology journal    
the ontos object database t andrews conference proceedings on data management 91 table of & hellip ;   1992.0 
two phase locking performance and itâ ?? s thrashing behavior a thomasian acm transactions on database systems   1993.0 
the initial time layer problem and the quasineutral limit in the drift-diffusion model for i gasser   d levermore   p markowich   c schmeiser submitted for publication    
measurement-based admission control m grossglauser   d tse proc . acm  
dynamic file allocation in disk arrays g weikum   p zabback   p scheuermann proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1991.0 
load and traffic balancing in large scale cache meshes c grimm   js voeckler   h pralle computer networks   1998.0 
pascal session j cohen   ab mikel history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
example-based graphical database query languages   h wang   
solving the project time/cost tradeoff problem using the minimal cut concept s phillips jr   mi dessouky management science   1977.0 
design principles for software manufacturing tools portal.acm.org   
domain specific embedded compilers d leijen   e meijer   
tuiqiao : a hypertext tool for requirements analysis k takahashi   c potts submitted for publication    
felling of trees depletes thaneâ ?? s forest cover m ballal times of india   bombay   india   march    
storhouse metanoia : new applications for database   storage & data warehousing f cariã ± o jr   p kostamaa   a kaufmann   j burgess proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2001.0 
lira : an approach for service differentiation in the internet i stoica   h zhang   
comments on sdd-1 concurrency control mechanisms g mclean acm transactions on database systems   1981.0 
in situ studies of spore production and dispersal in the giant kelp ek anderson   wj north macrocystis . proc . int . seaweed . symp    
hanssen jr. aquanet : a hypertext tool to hold your knowledge in place cm catherine   gh frank   ar russel   c william proc . acm  
the structure of images . < i > biol jj koenderink cybern . < / i    
3-d seismic imaging b biondi   
challenges and trends in processor design : challenges   not roadblocks e killian ieee computer    
ne   \ \ gtrace-a graphical traceroute tool.   '' r periakaruppan usenix lisa   ( seattle   washington   usa )   novembeer    
dimensions of a theory of information flow j du bois   s thompson & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa barbara    
bureaucratic structure and economic performance in less developed countries j rauch   p evans uc san diego    
myocardial infarction in british white and asian adults : their health beliefs and health practices p laungani   d sookhoo 4th european congress of psychology   athens   greece    
territoriality on the shankill-falls divide   belfast fw boal irish geography    
distribution   parallelism   and availability in nonstop sql p celis proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1992.0 
ther oo7 bechmark m carey   d dewitt   j naughton proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod conference    
fourier principles for emotion-based human figure animation m umuma   k anjyo   r takeuchi proceedings of acm  
university courses m campbell-kelly history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
life-threatening luminal obstruction due to mucous plugging in chronic tracheostomies : three case bh rowe   j rampton   gw bota journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
selective molecular recognition   ch bond activation   and catalysis in nanoscale reaction vessels d fiedler   dh leung   rg bergman   kn raymond acc . chem . res   2005.0 
negotiation training and interpersonal development : an exploratory study of early adolescents in mj nakkula   ce nikitopoulos adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?macaw : a media access protocol for wireless lansã cents â ? ¬ â ? v bharghavan   a demers   s shenker   l zhang proceedings of acm  
a method for improving automatic word categorization ee korkmaz  1997.0 
on computing correlated aggregates over continual data streams databases j gehrke   f korn   d srivastava proc . of the 2001 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of  
where do the rural elderly obtain their primary care lg hart   ra rosenblatt   dm lishner   h friedman   lm seattle   washington : wwami rural health research center   in  
curative surgery for obstruction from primary left colorectal carcinoma : primary or staged resection gl de salvo   c gava   s pucciarelli   m lise cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
proof nets   garbage   and computations   1996 s guerrini   s martini   a masini submitted for  
efficient proofs that a committed number lies in an interval f boudot lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
monetary policy trade-offs in the open economy ce walsh unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
the settling behavior of marine algal spores d coon   m neushul   ac charters proc . int . seaweed symp    
biochemistry of hemostasis in bhagavan 4th edition   840-872 nv medical biochemistry academic press cm jackson san diego    
a first order interval logic z chaochen   mr hansen unpublished manuscript    
the oregon prototype metropolitan land use model p waddell   
the eden transaction-based le system wh jessop   jd nee   dm jacobsen   jl baer   c pu   
event specification in an active object-oriented database nh gehani   hv jagadish   o shmueli   
syynx solutions : practical knowledge management in a medical environment c herzog   g liuzzi   m diwersy proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
hulvey   and perkins d daniels phil . mag    
supporting real-time applications in an inlegrated services packet network : architecture and dc ii   s shenker   l zhang proc . acm sigcomm    
pre-operative endometrial thinning agents before hysteroscopic surgery for heavy menstrual bleeding mc sowter   aa singla   a lethaby cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
forthcoming urban growth as poverty alleviation in bolivia goâ ?? hare   m barke   
selective markov models for predicting web page accesses m deshpande   g karypis acm transactions on internet technology   2004.0 
linda meets mobility gp picco   al murphy   gc roman proc . of the 21st int . conf . on software engineering ( icse &#39; & hellip ;    
searching for dependencies at multiple abstraction levels t calders   rt ng   j wijsen acm transactions on database systems   2002.0 
on the performance of convolutionally-coded cdma/ofdm for mobile communication system k fazel   l papke proc . pimrc    
constructing database systems in a persistent environment r cooper   a dearle vldb   1987.0 
the unmaking of mondex r anderson computerworld    
polynomial time solutions of some problems in abstract algebra k friedl   l ronyai proc 17th acm  
exploring browser design trade-offs using a dynamical model of optimal information foraging p pirolli   
the qualitative/quantitative debate cs reichardt   sf rallis new directions for program evaluation . san francisco   ca : & hellip ;    
fast scalable level four switching vsgvs suri   m waldvogel proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 98    
a kernel design for a secure database management system . in proceedings d downs   gj popek 3rd ieee conference on very large databases    
a general hebbian learning for nonlinear neuron with application to laterally interconnected bl zhang   td gedeon & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems    
transmission of radiometer data from the synchronous meteorological satellite rs davies & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1973.0 
fear and loathing on the micro trail . jd spinetto computerworld.   1984.0 
a methodology for constructing communication protocols g singh proc . acm sigcomm symp    
animatmn of faces fi parke m proc . 1972 acm annual  
three principles of representation for semantic networks rl griffith acm transactions on database systems   1982.0 
quality of dicom header information for image categorization mo guld   m kohnen   d keysers   h schubert   b wein     
recent bt patents ide videlo bt technology journal   2000.0 
andries . the brown university student operating system ds wile   rg munck   dam van proc . acm 22nd nat . conf    
predicting the number and dimensio ns of key blocks of an excavation using block theory and joint ly chan   re goodman proc of the 28th syrup on rock mechanics   1987.0 
delay bounds for a network of guaranteed rate servers with fifo aggregation s jamin   pb danzig   s shenker   l zhang proc . of acm sigcomm    
mpi derived data types in virtus r cristaldi   g iannello procs . of  
textbook of glaucoma 4th ed.   153-176 williams & wilkins baltimore mb shields md    
mdl summarization with holes s bu   lvs lakshmanan   rt ng proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
betting on the dream fj derfler jr pc magazine   october    
a graphical data manipulation language for an extented entity-relationship model b czedo   r elmasri   m rusinkiewicz ieee computer    
leading a university during controversy : challenges faced by a new president j genshaft   j wheat new directions for higher education   2004.0 
w.   fc frank   and a. keller a agar phil . mag    
some design refinements and principles on the appearance and behavior of marking menus dialogues ma tapia   g kurtenbach proceedings of acm uistâ ?? 95    
corrosion ' 2003 nace sb farina   gs duffã ³   jr galvele san diego   ca    
arterial gas embolism and hemoconcentration rm smith   kb van hoesen   ts neuman journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
the multics kernel design project md schroeder   dd clark   jh saltzer acm sigops operating systems review   1977.0 
and dettinger gj mccabe jr md    
on the cirrus formation of cloud ws jevons phil . mag    
performance evaluation of algorithms for transitive closure r kabler   ye ioannidis   mj carey information systems   1992.0 
texor : temporal xml database on an object-relational database system k nã ¸ rvag   m limstrand   l myklebust submitted for publication   2002.0 
design-kit : an intelligent system for planning plant-wide process control strategies s george   j james   l rama lispe technical report   massachusetts institute of technology    
macaw : a media access protocol for wireless lans v bhargavan   a demers   s shenker   l zhang proc . of acm sigcommm    
error analysis for a satellite based air traffic control system ( satellite based atc system with cr traas national aerospace meeting   washington   d. c   proceedings   1973.0 
andd . kossmann . performance tradeoffs for client-server queryprocessing . inproc mj franklin   bt jonsson acm sigmod  
complete geometrical query languages m gyssens   j van den bussche   d van gucht   
creating competitive advantage : forest policy as industrial policy in chile . ra clapp economic geography   1995.0 
evaluating lan communications performance for a real-time environment rd harrison   dt marlow proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;   1996.0 
school violence and the effect on the guidance counselorâ ?? s role b anderson  2004.0 
formative and summative evaluation : parody or paradox ja centra new directions for teaching and learning   1987.0 
reducing the peak-toâ ?? average power ratio of schemes by selective scrambling [ j ] rw bauml   rfh fischer   jb huber electronic letters    
privacy and freedom af westin  1967.0 
compiling complex database triggers d cohen proceedings of acm sigmod    
host groups : a multicast extention for datagram internetworks s deering   d cheriton proceedings of acm sigcomm    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?the multicast backboneã cents â ? ¬ â ? h erikson proc . commun . acm    
entity-life modeling in a distributed environment bi sanden proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;   1996.0 
window control strategies for hypertext traversal : an empirical study j lifshitz   b shneiderman proc . 29th annual acm dc technical symposium    
viscous effects in control of near-wall turbulence ss collis   y chang   s ramakrishnan submitted for publication    
tensegric mobile controlled by pseudo forces kg kobayashi   t ichizawa   k nakano   k ootsubo proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
mystiq : a system for finding more answers by using probabilities j boulos   n dalvi   b mandhani   s mathur   c re   d proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
waveguide dammann gratings and kinoforms ( abstract only ) j saarinen   j huttunen   a vasara   j turunen   a oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
constructing group learning je heimlich new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service for internet applications p castro   b greenstein   i stoica   r morris   d proc . acm sigcomm    
the challenges of automatic summarization u hahn   
m stonebraker m 1991 segment indexes : dynamic indexing techniques for multi-dimensional interval cp kolovson proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on the management  
procedural skills in medicine : linking theory to practice g kovacs journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
object-relational database systems : principles   products   and challenges ( tutorial ) mj carey   nm mattos   a nori sigmod conference    
a simulation study of winnow and related learning algorithms n littlestone   c mesterharm unpublished manuscript    
speech recognition using a discriminative context-independent j verhasselt   jp martens   b baeyens segment-based speech recognizer   '' procs of ieee prorisc    
grief counseling and grief therapy jw worden   
combustion characteristics of compressed natural gas/diesel dual-fuel turbocharged compressed l shenghua   z longbao   w ziyan   r jiang   
treatment of recurrent hepatitis c virus infection after liver transplantation with interferon and g goetz   mr schoen   a haefker   r neuhaus   t berg   transplantation proceedings   1998.0 
gaze behavior of talking faces makes a difference . d heylen   i van es   b van dijk   a nijholt proc . acm-chi  
121 or 122 biology 120   121 or 122 ; calculus 120   chemistry 121 or 122   french 121 or 122 nb english   
population limitation in birds : academic press i newton san diego   california    
efficient incremental garbage collection for workstation/server database systems l amsaleg   
metallization of bacterial surface layer by cross-beam pulsed laser deposition w pompe   m mertig   r kirsch   aa gorbunov   a sewing proceedings of spie   1996.0 
knowledge partitioning in outsourced software development : a field study a tiwana & hellip ; conference on information systems ( icis   seattle   washington & hellip ;   2003.0 
morphometrical changes in eggs of rhodnius prolixus ( heteroptera : reduviidae ) during development lf chaves   p ramoni-perazzi   e lizano   n aã ± ez   
database repairing using updates jef wijsen acm transactions on database systems   2005.0 
the oo7 bechmark m carey   d dewitt   j naughton acm sigmod    
e-cient incremental garbage collection for client server object database systems   in â ?? vldb95â ?? l amsaleg   m franklin   o gruber zurich   switzerland    
packing of three copies of a digraph into the transitive tournament m pilsniak   
catalytic asymmetric synthesis . se denmark   en jacobsen acc chem res   2000.0 
marylandâ ?? s forests : a health report . maryland department of natural resourcesâ ?? forest service   ec schwaab   l alban   j riley   r rabaglia   ke md    
sizing buffer strips to maintain water quality jm broderson  1973.0 
embedding data mappers with distributed memory machine compilers r ponnusamy   j saltz   r das   c koelbel   a acm sigplan notices   1993.0 
interfacing a query language to a codasyl dbms . rm tagg sigmod record   1983.0 
reconstruction : america 's unfinished revolution   1863-1877 e foner   
an overview of the stanford real-time information processor b adelberg   b kao   h garcia-molina acm sigmod record    
data modelling versus ontology engineering   acm sigmod studer   r.   vr benjamins   et al. ( 1998 ) . '' p spyns   r meersmanâ ? ¦ data and knowledge engineering    
is environmental degradation causing drought in the sahel ? an assessment from recent empirical m hulme geography    
r-trees : a dynamic index for geometric data a guttman proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
large shareholders of banks : shareholder activism and the impact of the regulatory environment ka kim   sg rhee unpublished manuscript    
abstraction mechanisms in theta m day   r gruber   b liskov   
lifetime reproduction in birds : academic press i newton san diego   california    
touch and goâ ?? designing haptic feedback for a hand-held mobile device so ` modhrain bt technology journal   2004.0 
r   gruber   u. maheshwari   a   myers   and l. shrira . safe and efficient sharing of persistent objects b liskov   a adya   m castro   m day   s ghe-mawat proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
london : the stationery office b pharmacopoeia   
optimistic priority-based concurrency control protocol for firm real-time database systems jh kim   hs shin information & software technology    
design of pam and pwm controllers for sampled-data interval systems ls shieh   wm wang   jw sunkel proc . spie   1996.0 
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us i morphett bt technology journal   1999.0 
numerical study of a prototype needle-free powdered vaccine and drug delivery system mp hardy   nj quinlan   maf kendall   bj bellhouse proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on shock & hellip ;    
acquisition of soft taxonomies for intelligent personal hierarchies and the soft semantic web tp martin   b azvine bt technology journal   2003.0 
the std factor : speech   technology and distance'in stewart d thompson  1994.0 
service delivery assessment : qualitative evaluations at the cabinet level m hendricks new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
electromyographic study of the sidestep for development of electrical stimulation patterns r kobetic   jm pereira   eb marsolais proc . 9th annual resna conference   minneapolis   mn    
presentation at the high energy astrophysics division ( head ) meeting s boggsâ ? ¦ san diego   usa    
neurophysiological basis of the kluver-bucy syndrome : responses of monkey amygdaloid neurons to t ono   h nishijo see aggleton    
â ?? specifying and modeling computer security j mclean ieee computer    
approximation and collusion in multicast cost sharing   submitted . available in preprint form at http j feigenbaum   a krishnamurthy   r sami   s shenker  2001.0 
dehydrogenase enzyme histochemistry on freezedried or fixed resin-embedded tissue gi murray   md burke   swb ewen the histochemical journal   1988.0 
nonrigid registration of diffusion tensor images r sierra   
framework for mobile users j mysore   vvars orchestration 3rd international conference on mobile data management    
examples in trpl t sheard   d stemple university of massachusetts coins technical report  
the brazilian experience : the japanese immigrants during the period of the vargas regime and the pm fukunaga  1983.0 
evidence for a qualitative defect in factor-viii-related antigen in von willebrand 's disease . c thomson   cd forbes   cr prentice lancet i   1974.0 
offering a precision-performance tradeoff for aggregation queries over replicated data twenty-sixty c olston   j widom cairo   egypt   september    
nuclear reactions with heavy ions r bass  1980.0 
dj dewitt and jf naughton ( 1993 )   '' the oo7 benchmark mj carey proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
synopsis of psychiatry   8th edn . williams & wilkins : baltimore hi kaplan   bj sadock md    
adaptive precision in texture mapping a glassner acm siggraph computer graphics   1986.0 
hate crimes d bender san diego    
the dream of e-commerce : reality in 1999 b levine electronic news    
etal . anarchitectureforwidearea multicast routing s deering   d estrin   d farinacci   v jacobson proc . acm  
organic transactions : contract   frank lloyd wright and the johnson building s macaulay wisconsin law review   1996.0 
on the real neuronal ensernbles formed during the activity of cerebral shielding structures ab kogan neirofiziologiya   i    
diffusive representation of pseudo-differential time-operators g montseny esaim : proceedings   1998.0 
case study : scanning michelangeloâ ?? s florentine pieta f bernardini   j mittleman   h rushmeier acm siggraph    
a familial syndrome of maldevelopment of the brain   polycystic kidneys   congenital tapetoretinal m arima   k ono   k hisada   t handa no to hattatsu    
2 nded modern systems analysis j hoffer   j george   j valacich  1999.0 
diffusion of innovations em roger new york    
the inuenceof temperature on the pupil mechanism in the eye of turnip moth agrotis segetum wej nordstroã?mp  1997.0 
case study in human factors evaluation a whitefield   a sutcliffe information and software technology   1992.0 
palm probabilities and stationary queues f baccelli   p brã © maud  1987.0 
a new approach to interactive performance systems h kuå?cu   bt akgã 1/4 n proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
the strip rule system for efficiently maintaining derived data b adelberg   h garcia-molina   j widom sigmod conference   1997.0 
blocks of tame representation type and related algebras k erdmann  1990.0 
adaptive   best-effort delivery of live audio and video across packet-switched networks k jeffay   dl stone proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
virtual reality l von schweber pc magazine    
ibers f basolo   bm hoffman ja acc . chem . res    
adaptive design of locomotion and foot form in prosobranch gastropods sel miller  1972.0 
the bird collectors : academic press b mearns   r mearns san diego   california    
er timi-19 : testing the reality of prehospital thrombolysis cp cannon   aj sayah   rm walls journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
control flow analysis for thecalculus . concurrency theory ( concurâ ?? 98 ) c bodei   p degano   f nielson   hr nielson proceedings ( d. sangiorgi   r. de simone   eds . )    
asymptotics in statistics : some basic concepts lm le cam   gl yang  1990.0 
characteristics of heavy metal release from incineration ash   melted slag and their re-product m ozaki   h watanabe   b wieusch international conference in sludge management    
grid-graph partitioning ww donaldson  2000.0 
the gestalt of an information technology outsourcing relationship : an exploratory analysis t kern   
september 2003 as at 30 sept. 2003 $ m as at as at    
breeam 98 for offices r baldwin   a yates   n howard   s roa isbn   1998.0 
cml : a higher concurrent language jh reppy acm sigplan notices   1991.0 
constructing logically consistent special and general theories of relativity   math . dept.   us naval ra herrmann md    
lifetime reproductive success in birds i newton academic   san diego    
oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil   and g. weikum   ã cents â ? ¬ å?the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database disk ej oã cents proceedings of international conference on management of & hellip ;    
models of distribution of pollutants in the air j straszko   la paulo   a witkowski environment protection engineering   1996.0 
scott shenker ( xerox parc )   deborah estrin ( usc/isi )   '' sharing the cost of multicast trees : an s herzog proceedings of  
ecientlymininglongpatternsfromdatabases r bayardo proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
implementation of logic query languages for databases j ullman acm trans . on database systems  
fixit f echtler   h najafi   g klinker demonstration at the international symposium on augmented & hellip ;    
complex objects andtnew ... . use in design transactions r lorie   w plouffe proceedings o [ 1983 acm sigmod conference   engineering  
paleoenvironments   provenance and tectonic implications of the sespe formation   southern california jl howard santa barbara   university of california    
shmueli . eventspecicationinan active object-oriented database n gehani   hv jagadish eto acm sigmod international conference on management of  
dam-break induced bank erosion : exploratory investigation and perspectives s soares frazã # o   m poncin   v paquier   b spinewine proc . 29th iahr congress    
characterisation of mobile radio signals : base station crosscorrelation amd turkmani   
smalltalk session b ryder history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
comparative performance analysis of directed flow control for real-time sci rw todd   mc chidester   ad george computer networks   2001.0 
liberal education and professional programs : conflict   coexistence   or compatibility ? . j stark new directions for higher education   1987.0 
or j onsson   michael j. franklin   and divesh srivastava . interaction of query evaluation and buer th bjorn  1998.0 
misuse of the emergency department by the elderly population : myth or reality ? dj eagle   e rideout   p price   c mccann journal of emergency nursing   1993.0 
set-oriented constructs : from rete rule bases to database systems dn gordin   aj pasik proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1991.0 
for integrated environments d garlan   e ilias   atip low-cost proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer -  
event specification in an object-oriented database nh gehani   hv jagadish   o shmueli proceedings international conference on management of  
a guide to the nests   eggs and nestlings of north american birds.â ?? academic press pj baicich   cjo harrison san diego   california    
the heuristic search and the game of chess lr harris procs . 4th int . joint conf . on art .  
bandwidth-delay constrained routing algorithms y yang   l zhang   jk muppala   st chanson computer networks   2003.0 
augmented reality as a metaphor in mobile computing o bertelsen   c nielsen proc dis2000   acm   acm    
the incubation period   serial interval and lifetime risks of developing tuberculosis e vynnycky   pem fine   
interannual variability of carbon dioxide and water vapor fluxes above a boreal aspen forest z chen proceedings of the 23rd conference on agricultural and & hellip ;    
context-dependent perceptual and functional categorization in 10.5-month-olds vt kolstad   r baillargeon unpublished manuscript    
health maintenance organizations : dimensions of performance hs luft   
query by diagram : a graphical environment for querying databases t catarci   g santucci sigmod conference   1994.0 
a symbolic representation of time series   with implications for streaming algorithms j lin   e keogh   s lonardi   b chiu proceedings of the 8th acm sigmod workshop on research & hellip ;   2003.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?the bucky object relational benchmark   '' mj carey   dj dewitt   jf naughton   m asgarian   p proceedings of the sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
b ~ rnstein   pa on the updatability of relational views u dayal proc . 4th int . conf . very large databases   berlin   west & hellip ;    
index concurrency control in firm real-time databases sr narayanan  1997.0 
large-vocabulary data-centric dialogues dj attwater   sj whittaker bt technology journal   1999.0 
the interaction between sigmas   the stationary phase sigma factor   and the core enzyme of f colland   n fujita   a ishihama   a kolb genes to cells   2002.0 
nanogen c technology san  
xml data management : go native or spruce up relational systems ? pa larson sigmod record   2001.0 
observing ants : tracking and analyzing the behavior of live insect colonies t balch   z khan   m veloso agents ( agentsâ ?? 01 ) . montreal   canada . june    
impaired endothelium-dependent and independent vasodilation in patients with type 2 ( non-insulin - ge mcveigh   gm brennan   gd johnston   bj mcdermott   diabetologia   1992.0 
changes in serum progesterone levels and growth of fetuses in hokkaido brown bears t tsubota   y takahashi   h kanagawa international conference on bear research and management    
digital manipulatives : new toys to think with m resnick   f martin   r berg   r borovoy   v colella     
â ?? modeling technique for closure of transport equations in non-regular globular and capillary vs travkin   l gratton   l catton procs . asme/jsme thermal engineering joint conference    
modelling agent interaction in logic programming p quaresma   lm pereira procs . of the  
efficient dynamic mining of constrained frequent sets lvs lakshmanan   cks leung   rt ng acm transactions on database systems   2003.0 
web power tools : the cutting edge ? b machrone pc magazine-american edition -    
verifiable secret sharing as secure computation   eurocryptâ ?? 95   lncs 921 r gennaro   s micali  1995.0 
exploiting inheritance and structure semantics for effective clustering and buffering in an object - ee chang   rh katz proceedings of the acm sigmod conference    
development of double-sided silicon strip detectors ( abstract only ) i hietanen   r brenner   j lindgren   t tuuva   k oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
agents for integrated tutoring in spoken dialogue systems j hakulinen   m turunen   ep salonen   
a publish/subscribe system model supporting uncertainties h liu  2003.0 
loosely coupled systems : a reconceptualization jd orton   ke weick the academy of management review   1990.0 
similarity search in high dimensional via hashing a gionis   p indyk   r motwani proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;    
principles of operation : a practical primer adcp rdi-primer rdinstruments   san diego    
building competitive advantage by extending information systems m sullivan-trainor computerworld    
intelligent supervision of servo control mh perng   hh chang & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;   1993.0 
education for survival in a multicultural world . ja banks social studies and the young learner   1989.0 
imagining stereotypes away : the moderation of implicit stereotypes through mental imagery iv blair   je ma   ap lenton journal of personality and social psychology   2001.0 
biological clocks in birds j aschoff proc . int . ornithol . congr    
home country environments   corporate diversification strategies   and firm performance wp wan   re hoskisson academy of management journal   2003.0 
chance and necessity in the selection of nucleic acid catalysis y li   y liu   rr breaker acc . chem . res    
future strategies for control of bovine tuberculosis b buddle proceedings of the 23rd seminar of the sheep and beef cattle & hellip ;    
flair images of brain diseases f segawa   j kishibayashi   k kamada   n sunohara   m no to shinkei   1994.0 
andj . f. naughton . the oo7 benchmark mj carey   dj dewitt proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
a new proof of completeness of s4 with respect to the real line   2001 g bezhanishvili   m gehrke   
aliasing reduction in sub-bands of cascaded filter banks with decimation b edler electronic letters   1992.0 
survey : the challenges of mobile computing g forman   j zahorjan ieee computer    
heavy metal loadings from animal manures to agricultural land in england and wales bj chambers   fa nicholson   dr soloman   rj unwin   
peer-facilitated adult education s anderson new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0 
symons   > icr   george   p.   griffith   j je bennett   dje ingram phil . mag    
interaction of u-box-type ubiquitin-protein ligases ( e3s ) with molecular chaperones s hatakeyama   m matsumoto   m yada   ki nakayama genes to cells   2004.0 
charge-based proportional scheduling . technical memorandum mit/lcs/tm -529 u maheshwari  1995.0 
on the division of space with minimum partitional area l kelvin   w thomson phil . mag    
avulsion fracture of tendon of extensor carpi radialis longus : unknown mechanism kk jessa   jc hodge journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
the siamang in malaya : a field study of a primate in tropical rain forest dj chivers contributions to primatology   1974.0 
a knowledge representation system for integration of general knowledge and case-specific knowledge a aamodt procs . int . conf . on tools with artificial intelligence    
garnet : uses of demonstrational techniques ba myers & hellip ; what i do : programming by demonstration table of contents   1993.0 
gravitation and spacetime ch ohanian   
key iter plasma edge and plasma-material interaction issues 15th psi conf . ( gifu   japan   may 2002 ) j. g federiciâ ? ¦  2002.0 
structure and steroidogenic enzimes of the seminal vesicle of the urohaze-goby ( glossogobius k asahina   k suzuki   t hibiya   b tamaoki san diego    
the development of the c programming language dm ritchie history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
functional interaction of escherichia coli rna polymerase with inorganic polyphosphate s kusano   a ishihama genes to cells   1997.0 
setting environmental justice in space and place : acute and chronic airborne toxic releases in the sl cutter   wd solecki urban geography    
some high level constructs for data of type relation jw schmidt acm transactions on database systems    
opportunities in semantic web and enterprises i a sheth   r meersman   w grosky   m uschold sigmod record   2002.0 
issues in the writing of contemporary history jan lee history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
qualitative spatial representation and reasoning techniques ag cohn lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
the mlpq/gis constraint database pz revesz   r chen   p kanjamala   y li   y liu   y proceedings of sigmod 2000    
magmatism at an oceanic spreading-ridge examples from the samail ophiolite   oman js pallister ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1980.0 
nicklen   s.   and coulson   ar ( 1977 ) f sanger proc .  
viewfinder : an object browser ad ` atri   a motro   l tarantino information & software technology   1999.0 
recent disturbance-mediated vegetation change at cape cod national seashore u chokkalingam  1995.0 
short programs for functions on curves v miller unpublished manuscript   1986.0 
firm real-time concurrency control jr haritsa   mj carey   m livny & hellip ; of concurrency control mechanisms in centralized database & hellip ;   1995.0 
scale frames and counter-scale frames : constructing the problem of environmental injustice he kurtz political geography   2003.0 
chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service lbr lntemet applications i stoica   r morris   d karger   mf kaashoek   h proc . acm sigcomm &#39;  
locating pc-based compilers for pl/1   fortran   and cobol ; improving performance on slower or older j salemi pc magazine    
type inference in the polymorphic relational algebra jv den bussche   e waller proc . acm pods    
houben   gj   and wu   h. aham : a dexter-based reference model for adaptive hypermedia p de bra proceedings of acm hypertext  
a fast version of the atros system . d llorens   f casacuberta   e segarra   mj castro   ja procs .  
541.201 ( b ) 68 fed pwc regulations reg .  
d marwood . real time groupware as a distributed system : concurrency control and its effect on the s grcenberk proc of acm conf on  
microarchitecture evaluation with floorplanning and interconnect pipelining a jagannathan   hh yang   k konigsfeld   d milliron     
the bucky object-relational benchmark ( experience paper ) mj carey   dj dewitt   jf naughton   m asgarian   p sigmod conference    
distributed music trioâ ?? media synchronization over wide area networks j escobar proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0 
the rise and fall of festivals ; reflections on the salzburg festival bs frey   
principles of medicinal chemistry   4th ed. ; williams & wilkins : baltimore wo foye   tl lemke md    
setting the climate for effective teaching and learning . br sisco new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
recent bt patents cs ormston bt technology journal   2004.0 
sunday observer   18 may 2003 j burke   
fundamental limits and tradeoffs of providing deterministic guarantees to vbr video trac ew knightly   d wrege   j liebeherr   h zhang proceedings of acm sigmetrics   1995.0 
concurrency control performance modeling : alternatives and implications . acm trans . database syst . r araival   mj carey   m livny acm trans . database syst    
karmen 2 : a new precision in the search for neutrino oscillations j kleinfeller   b armbruster   m becker   a benen   g   
culture : coherent or incoherent nj smelser see ref    
multiple implementation of a type   clu design note 53 b liskov  1975.0 
are speech recognisers still 98 accurate   or has the time come to repeal ` hyde 's law ' ? rd johnston bt technology journal   1996.0 
biochemical tests ibr the identification of medical bacteria . williams and witkins   baltimore jf mcfaddin md    
the usage of systems development methods : are we stuck to old practices ? a giorgio   l tarantino   n mariniello   g de stefano information and software technology   1998.0 
j. grandbois   m. jou   n. mattos   b. tran   and y. wang . high level indexing of userâ ?? defined types w chen   j chow   y fuh 25th vldb conference    
likableness ratings of 555 personality-trait words nh anderson journal of personality and social psychology   1968.0 
face-to-face with peer-to-peer networking d clark   
strip speed measurement using distributed infra-red detectors em deeley   
the california gap analysis project fw davis   dm stoms   ad hollander   ka thomas   pa & hellip ; report ( university of california   santa barbara   california & hellip ;    
a riemann problem for an elastic bar that changes phase y lin  1992.0 
organizational characteristics and information systems : an exploratory investigation ph cheney   gw dickson the academy of management journal   1982.0 
global positioning system for mobile robots with distributed sensors jh lee   h hashimoto proc . int . conf . iros    
zellweger   automatedtemporal layoutmechanisms m buchanan andp proceedings of acm  
a new algorithm for ionospheric tomography g fehmers proc . int . beacon satellite  
implications of an aging faculty for the quality of higher education and academic careers . lk george   i winfield-laird new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 
y2k : reality and myth mj miller pc magazine    
the wisdom of teams : creating the high-performance organization jr katzenbach   dk smith   
distributed transitive closure computations : the disconnection set approach vldb.org vldb   1990.0 
automatic detection of mesocyclonic shear test results ds zrnic   dw burgess   y gal-chen conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
tension and information systems r veryard information and software technology   1987.0 
communications issues in concurrent life-cycle design and construction cj anumba   g baron   nfo evbuomwan bt technology journal   1997.0 
enhancing the competitiveness of small and medium-sized tourism enterprises d buhalis electronic markets    
sex typing and the avoidance of cross-sex behavior sl bem   e lenney journal of personality and social psychology   1976.0 
bayesian inference for non-gaussian ornstein-uhlenbeck stochastic volatility processes p dellaportas   o papaspiliopoulos   go roberts submitted for publication    
on computing correlated aggregates over continuous data streams j gehrke   f korn   d srivastava   
personality and speech rw ramsay journal of personality and social psychology   1966.0 
enhancing p2p file-sharing with an internet-scale query processor bt loo   jm hellerstein   r huebsch   s shenker   i proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
quantitative and qualitative assessment and clinical meaning of molecules removed with bk membranes u buoncristiani   f galli   s benedetti   r errico   s contributions to  
sequoia 2000 metadata schema for satellite images jt anderson   m stonebraker sigmod record   1994.0 
musicality and music before three : human vitality and invention shared with pride c trevarthen   s malloch zero to three    
the trade-offs of multicast trees and algorithms l wei   d estrin proceedings of icccn    
advanced data networkingâ ?? acronyms atm aesa bt technology journal   1998.0 
traversing itemset lattices with statistical metric pruning r ng   l lakshmanan   j han   a pang in proc . of acm sigmod    
drought tolerance of cool season turfgrass [ j ] dd minner   jd butler proc . int . turfgrass rec . conf    
02140   usa   tel : + 1 617 354 5800   january 1989 ma cambridge   
contribution to the accapp03 conference a boudardâ ? ¦ san diego    
constructing difference in public spaces : race   class   and gender as interlocking systems s ruddick urban geography    
dialogues : a basis for constructing programming environments acm sigplan notices   1983  1983.0 
effects of straw polls on group decision-making : sequential voting pattern   timing   and local jh davis   m stasson   k ono   s zimmerman journal of personality and social psychology    
conf . on management of data   san diego   ca bs int sigmod  
electronic publishing : publish without paper ! 14 ( 3 ) l grunin pc  
voice over ip . mitp rd kã ¶ hler  2002.0 
automatic tcp buffering tuning j semke   j mahdavi   m mathis proceedings of acm sigcomm 1998    
wesco/ic expo 98 delves into system-on-a-chip lssues j desposito  1998.0 
the aegis processor architecture for tamper-evident and tamper-resistant processingâ ''   rapport   ge suh   d clarke   b gassend   m van dijk   s devadas mit laboratory for computer  
data and knowledge representation models of distributed frame systems d soshnikov proc . of pre-conference workshop of vldb-2003â ?? emerging  
active data hiding for secure electronic media distribution h yu   a gelman   r fish proceedings   acm  
dialysate and substitution fluids for patients treated by continuous forms of renal replacement a davenport contributions to nephrology   2001.0 
endometrial resection and ablation versus hysterectomy for heavy menstrual bleeding a lethaby   s shepperd   i cooke   c farquhar cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
a lexicograc method for recognizing proper interval graphs   proper circular arc graphs and p hell   j huang   
the bucky object-relational benchmark m asgarian   mj carey   dj dewitt   j gehrke   jf proc . acm sigmod conf    
in quest of insectresistant forest trees hd gerhold see ref    
decimalisation table attacks for pin cracking m bond   p zielinski unpublished manuscript   2002.0 
issues and approaches to design of real-time database systems m singhal sigmod record   1988.0 
study of native xml database systems cs report   
innovative firm behavior and local milieu : exploring the intersection of agglomeration   firm effects b harrison   mr kelley   j gant economic geography   1996.0 
cellular and molecular bases of biological clocks ln edmunds  1988.0 
brownfields redevelopment : programs and strategies for rehabilitating contaminated real estate . ms dennison md    
offering a precision-performance tradeoff for aggregation queries over replicated data c olston   j widom vldb   2000.0 
a class of data structures for associative searching ja orenstem   th merrett proc of sigact-sigmod    
the complexity of near-optimal graph coloring mr garey   ds johnson journal of the acm ( jacm )   1976.0 
designer zinc finger proteins : tools for creating artificial dna-binding functional proteins . m dhanasekaran   s negi   y sugiura acc chem res   2006.0 
the dimensions   antecedents   and consequences of emotional labor ja morris   dc feldman the academy of management review   1996.0 
impacts from the youth incentive entitlement pilot projects : participation   work   and schooling over g farkasâ ? ¦  1982.0 
stable dislocations in the common crystal lattices fc frank   jf nicholas phil . mag    
magnitude and spatial distribution of urban flammable materials in the san jose area   california ds simonett  1986.0 
concurrency control hjrr index ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering    
value-added education : a president 's perspective . lm thor new directions for higher education   1994.0 
1-800-hypertextâ ?? browsing hypertext with a telephone m wynblatt   s goose   h mollenhauer proc . of acm hypertext    
trees from glue : chemical biogeography of nasute termites bl bentley   gd prestwieh   t gush see ref    
interval logics for temporal specification and verification ys ramakrishna  1994.0 
independent components of relations j rissanen acm transactions on database systems   1977.0 
basic timestamp   multiversion timestamp and two phase locking wk lrn   j nolte proc 9th vldb ( florence   ott  
cautious transaction schedulers with admission control n katoh   t ibaraki   t kameda acm transactions on database systems   1985.0 
generating all permutations by graphical derangements df rall   pj slater unpublished manuscript    
her-2 / neu genomic aberrations in pituitary carcinoma v nosã ©   bw scheithauer   vl lloyd   k kovacs   e & hellip ; 8th pituitary pathology meeting   delphi-athens   greece    
an approximation preserving reduction from graph coloring to the consistency problem of obdds   1994 p fischer   hu simon unpublished  
pruning the design space for wide-bit multipliers : an estimation approach for programmable logic - g quan   jp davis   h devarkal submitted for publication   2004.0 
table de radionuclã © ides vp chechev isbn    
enveloping computers and users in a collaborative 3d augmented reality a butz   t hã ¶ llerer   s feiner   b macintyre   c proc . iwar    
object reusability : the making of data management m fowles conference proceedings on data management 91 table of & hellip ;   1992.0 
old pharmaceutical vessels a diamondopoulos   m marsellos athens medical society   athens    
cohomology of sheaves b iversen  1986.0 
a qualitative approach to organisational goal setting for information systems development pdc bennetts   s mills   t wood-harper software quality management-international conference -   1998.0 
soft toys with computer hearts : personal storytelling environments . m umaschi proceedings of acm sigchi    
the locked medicine cabinet : hmong health care in america es kirton  1985.0 
proceedinas 14th ieee photovoltaic soecialists conference ss li   wl wang   pw lai   ry loo   gs kamath   rc san diego    
welfare-to-work choices and challenges for states a after  1997.0 
searching for . com-ponents t harbert electronic business    
on the possibility and impossibility of achieving clock synchronization d dolev   j halpern   hr strong proceedings of the sixteenth annual acm symposium on theory & hellip ;   1984.0 
international study for outstanding students : a case study m gage new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
designing development rules for artificial evolution ag rust   r adams   s george   h bolouri   
adaptive backtrace and dynamic partitioning enhance atpg a lioy proc . int . conf . computer design    
optimal load sharing in soft real-time systems : an on-iine algorithm using likelihood ratio ekp chong   pj ramadge proc . 29th ieee conf . on decision and control    
scheduling support for multicasting sessions in broadband communication networks kh sheta   m singhal computer networks   1999.0 
towards a spatial query language : user interface considerations mj egenhofer   au frank vldb   1988.0 
qualitative modeling and simulation : promise or illusion fe cellier proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter simulation   1991.0 
leslie carr and wendy hall ( 2003 ) '' decentering the dancing text : from dance intertext to hypertext t miles-board   jl deveril proc . of acm conference on  
on optimistic methods for concurrency control ht king   jt robinson very large data bases   1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ;   1979.0 
recent bt patents sm gannon bt technology journal   1998.0 
differential qos and pricing in networks : where flow control meets game theory pb key   dr mcauley iee proceedings software   1999.0 
development of large high-performance lenses for astronomical spectrographs hw epps proc . spie   1998.0 
high level indexing of user-defined types w chen   jh chow   yc fuh   j grandbois   m jou   nm proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;   1999.0 
professor of materials d clarke university of california santa  
express multicast : an extended service model for globally scalable ip multicast h holbrook   dr cheriton proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 99    
the basic building blocks for modeling communication behavior of complex objects : an activity-driven l liu   r meersman acm transactions on database systems    
source-location privacy in energy-constrained sensor network routing c ozturk   y zhang   w trappe   
s. 162 ff. ; ebenso jakobs b hake   
hysteresis current-forced three phase voltage-sourced reversible rectifier aw green   jt boys iee proceedings   1989.0 
on bayesian interval prediction of future records ek al-hussaini   aa ahmad  2001.0 
two-level models of hypertext j mayfield lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
enabling wide-area replication of database services with continuous consistency k walsh   a vahdat   j yang unpublished  
macaw : a medium access protocol for indoor wireless lans   '' v bharghavan   a demers   s shenker   l zhang proc . acm  
standardising and validating high spatial resolution satellite data in the kalahari rangelands of op dube proc 28th int symp rem sens and 3rd symp afr assoc rem sens & hellip ;    
brown . graphical fisheyeviews ofgraphs ms march proceedings of acm  
a relational model of data for large shared data banks ef cooo commun . acm    
an experimental study of dynamic algorithms for transitive closure d frigioni   t miller   u nanni   c zaroliagis   
netcash : a design for practical electronic currency on the intemet g medvinsky   bc neuman proceedings of acm conference on computer and communication & hellip ;   1993.0 
the relationship between the qualitative and quantitative research traditions cs reichardt   sf rallis new directions for program evaluation    
n.   colbrook   a. and w. weihl . proteus : a high-performance parallel-architecture simulator ed brewer technical report mit/lcs/tr -516   massachusetts institute of  
query by diagram : a visual environment for querying databases g santucci   pa sottile   
practical applications of triggers and constraints : success and lingering issues s ceri   r cochrane   j widom proc . 26th int . conf . on very large databases   2000.0 
mining association rules with non-uniform privacy concerns y xia   y yang   y chi   
effects of interviewer behavior on childrenâ ?? s statements of sexual abuse ra craig unpublished manuscript    
artificial intelligence meets natural stupidity d mcdermott acm sigart bulletin   1976.0 
lsi/vlsi building blocks jr tobias ieee computer    
contribution of the delta resonance to the gamow-teller decay of heavy nuclei ( abstract only ) j suhonen proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
monitoring juvenile chinook and steelhead migration routes with acoustic tags in the forebay of the tw steig   jh horchik   ma timko inc.   seattle   washington    
some host/parasite relationships between norway spruce ( picea abies ) and fomes annosus l dimitri see ref    
efficient garbage collection for large object-oriented databases bh liskov  1996.0 
soft typing r cartwright   m fagan   
characterizing pbd systems a cypher   ds kosbie   d maulsby & hellip ; what i do : programming by demonstration table of contents   1993.0 
le rã ´ le ã © purateur dâ ?? une zone humide renforcã © e : la dynamique de lâ ?? azote p merot   g dutin proceedings journã © e national dâ ?? etude des sols   orlã © ans   & hellip ;    
a geometric approach to threshold circuit complexity t kailath   a orlitsky   v roychowdhury   ky siu proc . 4th acm conference colt    
ownership types for safe region-based memory management in real-time java c boyapati   a salcianu   m rinard   
20910   usa   1979 md spring   
reconnaissance of the ground-water resources of the ellwood-gaviota area ga miller   jr rapp santa barbara county   california    
time independent invocation in java cms m hof   a ulbert periodica polytechnica electrical engineering   2000.0 
k   l.   wood   b. mj   and wolber lt heberlein   g dias d. a network security monitor . in proceedings of the ieee & hellip ;    
storhouse metanoiaâ ?? new applications for database f carino   p kostamaa   a kaufmann   j burgess storage & data warehousing   acm sigmod   usa    
tutorial : text dominated databases   theory practice and experience gh gonnet proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod symposium on principles & hellip ;   1994.0 
general and relationship-based perceptions of social support : are two constructs better than one gr pierce   ig sarason   br sarason journal of personality and social psychology   1991.0 
clinical review 73 medical treatment of androgen-dependent hirsutism rs rittmaster md   1995.0 
interval constraint logic programming f benhamou lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
education for adult development : the components of qualitative change rp weathersby new directions for higher education   1980.0 
effect of pharmacological agents on endoeytosis and coendocytosis oflge by rat basophilic leukemia k furuichi   j rivera   c isersky  1985.0 
product development in japan : evolution vs. revolution l young electronic business    
mapping scalp topographies of rhythmic eeg activity using temporal decorrelation based constrained cj james   cw hesse   
adaptive resource management for indoor mobile computing environments s lu   v bharghavan proceedings of acm  
a data modeling tool where associations come alive bk ehlmann proc . 21st iasted int &#39; l conf . modelling   identification   and & hellip ;    
the influence of random delays on parallel execution times vsamk vernon proc . 1993 acm sigmetrics &#39; 93    
latent semantic analysis passes the test : knowledge representation and multiple-choice testing tk landauer   pw foltz   d laham unpublished manuscript    
the prototype of the dare system t catarci   g santucci   
investigation of the load flow problem ll freris   am sasson  1968.0 
there 's more to menu systems than meets the screen portal.acm.org   
compressed vliw meets multi-media p clarke electronic engineering   1995.0 
evaluation of video summarization for a large number of cameras in ubiquitous home gc de silva   t yamasaki   k aizawa proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
paging performance with page coloring wl lynch   mj flynn   
timeline of computer history b carlson   a burgess   c miller ieee computer    
a mean value performance model for locking in databases : the waiting case yc tay   r suri   n goodman proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0 
legal education and entry into the legal profession : the role of race   gender   and educational debt la kornhauser   rl revesz new york university law review   1995.0 
concurrent clean e nocker   jew smetsers   m van eekelen   mj proc . parle    
an analysis of storage utilization in block split data structuring scheme t nakamura   t mizoguchi 4th international conference on very large  
the roles of expression and representation in language evolution jr hurford   
simple efficient load balancing algorithms for peer-to-peer systems dr karger   m ruhl   
mobile radio channels modeling in matlab n kostov   
anda . pfeffer   generalizedsearchtreesfordatabase systems . in proc j hellerstein   j naughton 21st intl conference on very large databases   zurich   & hellip ;    
conditional price trends in the aftermarket for initial public offerings j affleck-graves   s hegde   re miller   
in control of motion : from molecular switches to molecular motors cm switches acc . chem . res   2001.0 
proposizione xxxvi refers not to ptolemy 's v problema   
on the effectiveness of optimization search strategies for parallel execution spaces rsg lanzelotte   p valduriez   m zait proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
g. weikum . the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database disk buffering on ej   on pe  1993.0 
three rivers press dt gordon   
primary producers v alexander   dw stanley   rj daley   cp mcroy see ref    
from selective to adaptive education through human services . ha korn new directions for higher education   1973.0 
broadband access via satellite a ephremides   d friedman   mh hadjitheodosiou computer networks    
inhabited intelligent environments v callaghan   g clarke   m colley   h hagras   jsy bt technology journal   2004.0 
cyclers : an analysis of the welfare caseload c miller   s leavers  2002.0 
fixed-point query languages for linear constraint databases s kreutzer   
does nyse listing affect firm visibility ? hk baker   ge powell   dg weaver   
f. kaashoek   h. balakrishnan . chord : a scalable peer-to-peer lookup service for internet i stoica   r morris   d karger proceedings of acm sigcomm 2001    
statistics in epidemiology : methods   techniques   and applications h sahai   a khurshid  1996.0 
the bank of greece model of the greek economy n garganas  1992.0 
a path optimization signalling protocol for inter-switch handoff in wireless atm networks wsv wong   vcm leung computer networks   1999.0 
performance evaluation of prioritized scheduling with buffer management for differentiated services ae kamal   hs hassanein computer networks   2004.0 
issues in implementing a randomized experiment in a field setting ja devine   jd wright   lm joyner new directions for program evaluation    
an object oriented design data manager for vlsi cad a singhal   rm arlein   cy lo sigmod record   1993.0 
procedural context and culture : variation in the antecedents of procedural justice judgments ea lind   tr tyler   yj huo journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
growth rates and genetic parameters of loblolly pine in southern brazil gr hodge   d chaves   am moreira proceedings of the 25 thbiennial southern forest tree & hellip ;    
the007 benchmark m carey   d dewitt   j naughton 1993 acm sigmod international conference on management of  
glonass/gps time transfer and the problem of the determination of receiver delays g de jong   w lewandowski proc . 29th ptti    
rhythmic robot control using oscillators   in â ?? irosâ ?? 98â ?? mm williamson  1998.0 
the bucky object-relational benchmark dj dewitt   m carey   j naughton   m asgarian   j  1997.0 
a simulation study of load balancing algorithms in cellular packet networks i tinnirello   g bianchi   
exploratory and multivariate data analysis m jambu  1991.0 
high-performance generalized search trees m kornacker vldb   sept    
â ?? the computer revolutionâ ??   â ?? computer scienceâ ??   and â ?? software engineeringâ ?? have n't a kay proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 
architecture and implementation of the darmstadt database kernel system . acm-sigmod hb paulâ ? ¦ proc . int . conf . on management of data   san francisco    
automatic hypertext linking j allan proc . acm hypertextâ ?? 96 conf    
the surface impedance-a pertinent parameter to describe finite conductivity materials in numerical v gobin   jp aparicio   j grando   jc alliot & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatibility   zurich   switzerland   mar. & hellip ;   1991.0 
teaching about native americans . k harvey social studies and the young learner   1992.0 
pacific telesis head turns over firm to hand-picked heir . cw ross san diego  
grins : a graphical interface for creating and playing smil documents dca bulterman   l hardman   j jansen   ks mullender   www7 / computer networks   1998.0 
denial-of-service resilience in peer-to-peer file sharing systems d dumitriu   e knightly   a kuzmanovic   i stoica   w   
models of attention in computing and communication : from principles to applications e horvitz   c kadie   t paek   d hovel communications-acm   2003.0 
years of naerm : hallmark of tradition and excellence rb radhakrisha proceedings of the 25 thannual national agricultural & hellip ;    
creating generative models from range images r ramamoorthi   j arvo   
goâ `` sele   u.   and mughrabi   h.   1981 u essmann phil .  
p3p and the privacy legislation in germany : can p3p help to protect privacy worldwide r grimm   a rossnagel   
a knowledge acquisition tool for intelligent computer tutors t murray   bp woolf acm sigart bulletin   1991.0 
begey 's manual of determinative bacteriology   8th edn . williams and wilkins : baltimore re buchanan   ne gibbons md    
visual metaphors for interacting with databases t catarci   mf costabile   m matera   
the 3w model and algebra for unified data mining t johnson   lvs lakshmanan   rt ng vldb   2000.0 
secure computation ( chapters 1-3 ) s micali   p rogaway laboratory for computer science    
stress levels jump ; it burnout feared t ouellette computerworld    
serverâ ?? s advantage j clyman pc magazine    
thyrotoxic periodic paralysis and intravenous propranolol in the emergency setting rh birkhahn   tj gaeta   l melniker journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
hormone replacement therapy decreases markers of cartilage and bone metabolism in rheumatoid h forsblad dâ ?? elia   s christgau   lã ? mattsson   t   
reconstruction of evolutionary trees from pairwise distributions on current species jt chang   ja hartigan   
of xml and databases : where 's the beef ? m carey sigmod record   2000.0 
abstraction methods in hypertext pk garg proceedings of acm  
0 . ) and smith   bl   1960 go jones phil . mag    
ten easy pieces : assessing higher learning in four dimensions . ta angelo new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
an ethernet performance simulator for undergraduate networking b lewis barnett iii acm sigcse bulletin   1993.0 
association of apolipoprotein b gene variants with plasma apob and ldl cholesterol levels s deeb   a failor   bg brown   j brunzell   j albers    1990.0 
apoptosis as a mechanism of cell death in a rat model of liver allograft rejection sm krams   h egawa   mb quinn   om martinez transplantation proceedings   1995.0 
file allocation with balanced response time in a distributed multi-server information system k kristensen   p ostergaard   hj juhl   c wentong   bs information and software technology   1998.0 
night-vision equipment   reproductive biology   and nocturnal behavior : importance to studies of pd lingren   jr raulston   tj henneberry   an sparks see ref    
design knowledge and design rational : a framework for representation   capture and use tg gruber   m russell stanford university   technical report ksl 90-45    
reflection and semantics in a procedural language ph. d bc smith thesis   laboratory for computer science   mit    
case study of electronic banking at meridian bancorp rj kauffman   rd banker information and software technology   1991.0 
safe lazy software upgrades in object-oriented databases b liskov   c moh   s richman   l shrira   y cheung   c   
secure transaction processing in real-time database systems b george   j haritsa proc . of acm sigmod conf   may    
a framework for relocation in mobile process-centered software development environments s bhattacharyya   lj osterweil   
a developmentally regulated microsomal protein specific for the pigment epithelium of the vertebrate cp hamel   e tsilou   e harris   ba pfeffer   jj hooks md   1993.0 
network models with delays and fixed points g pecelli   bg kim  1999.0 
innovations in thermoplastic die attach adhesives for microelectronic packaging s corbett   p ongley   
diffraction and transmission of a detonation into a bounding explosive layer jc liu   jj liou   m sichel   cw kauffman   ja proc of the 21st int symp on combustion   the combustion & hellip ;    
data modelling versus ontology engineering p spyns   r meersman sigmod record   2002.0 
viki : spatial hypertext supporting emergent structure   to appear in c marshall   f shipman   j coombs proc . acm echtâ ?? 94    
adaptive   best-effort delivery of digital audio and video across packet-switched networks k jeffay   dl stone   t talley   fd smith lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 
epr of carbonate derived radicals : applications in dosimetry   dating and detection of irradiated f callens   g vanhaelewyn   p matthys   e boesman applied magnetic resonance   1998.0 
the challenges in building a carrier-scale ip network pj willis bt technology journal   2000.0 
direct transitive closure algorithms : design and performance evaluation r agrawal   s dar   hv jagadish acm transactions on database systems   1990.0 
defining and translating a â ?? safeâ ?? subset of simulink/stateflow into lustre n scaife   c sofronis   p caspi   s tripakis   f proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0 
an infrastructure for application level active networking a ghosh   m fry   g maclarty computer networks   2001.0 
rfi analysis applied to the tdrss system ( tracking and data relay satellite system performance ) ja jenny & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1973.0 
substitution of doctors by nurses in primary care m laurant   d reeves   r hermens   j braspenning   r cochrane database syst rev   2005.0 
smooth is better than sharp : a random mobility model for simulation of wireless networks c bettstetter proceedings of the 4th acm international workshop on & hellip ;   2001.0 
an efficient pyramid image coding system a tran   k liu   k tzou   e vogel proc . icassp    
official methods of analysis   17th ed.   aoac international   gaithersburg w horwitz md    
effects of climate dump closure   and other factors on yellowstone grizzly bear litter size sf stringham international conference bear research and management    
anita swinson anderson   6 sep 1999   '' as anderson   
performance evaluation of an adaptive and robust load control method for the avoidance of data -   g weikum   
protocol analysis using numerical petri nets gr wheeler   mc wilbur-ham   j billington   ja lecture notes in computer science   1985.0 
1991 . segment indexes : dynamic indexing techniques for multi-dimensional interval data c kolovson   m stonebraker proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
aiga san diego y design conference k mccoy san diego    
oi trois tantoties tis ellenikis oikogenias ( the three faces of the greek family ) c katakis athens   greece : kedros    
episodic lake acidification   weathering and evaporation in seasonally snow covered catchments in the a leydecker & hellip ; and marine biology   university of california   santa barbara    
restructuring   redesign   rationing   and nurses ' morale : a qualitative study on the impact of j shindul-rothschild journal of emergency nursing   1994.0 
independent component analisis of magnetoencephalography data m bucolo   l fortuna   n frasca   m la rosa   ds proceedings 23rd embc  
on the use of optimistic methods for concurrency control in distributed system s ceri   s owicki proc . 6th int . conf . on distributed data management and & hellip ;    
the geography of contemporary china : inventory and prospect k chang   
pahlavi yasna and visperad ebn dhabhar  1949.0 
a parallel software package for solving linear systems cd scarbnick   mc chang   mh schultz   ab sherman   
highly-available distributed services and fault-tolerant distributed garbage collection . programming b liskov   r ladin  1986.0 
social perception and interpersonal behavior : on the self-fulfilling nature of social stereotypes m snyder   ed tanke   e berscheid journal of personality and social psychology    
precipitation efficiency within a tropical squall line observed during ` copt 81 ' experiment d hauser   p amayenc   m chong conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
exploiting inter-operation parallelism in xprs . w hong   
predicting participation and production outcomes through a two-dimensional model of organizational rc mayer   fd schoorman the academy of management journal   1992.0 
qualitative plus/versus quantitative : the last word ml smith new directions for program evaluation    
graph partitioning and parallel solvers : has the emperor no clothes ? b hendrickson lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
anda . pfeffer . generalizedsearchtreesfordatabasesystems jm hellerstein   jf naughton proc . 21st int . conf . very large data bases    
enzyme nomenclature ( recommendations of the nomenclature committee of the international union of ec webb academic   san diego    
safe and efficient sharing of persistent objects in thor b liskov   a adya   m castro   s ghemawat   r gruber   sigmod conference   1996.0 
inferring document similarity from hyperlinks d grangier   s bengio proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
pas areanu   cs   robby   visser   w.   and zhen   h. 2001 . tool-supported program abstraction for finite - mb dwyer   j hatcliff   r joehanes   s laubach proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software  
sharing knowledge-based technology via knowledge-representation interchange : the stanford kif tr gruber technical report   knowledge systems laboratory   stanford  
applications of artificial neural networks to satellite systems gd bye bt technology journal   1993.0 
the automatic generation of test cases for optimizing fortran compilers cj burgess   m saidi information and software technology   1996.0 
distributive and procedural justice : combined impact of â ?? voiceâ ?? and improvement on experienced r folger journal of personality and social psychology    
earlyexperiencewithmessage-passingontheshrimp multicomputer ew felten   rd alpert   a bilas   ma blumrich   dw proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on computer & hellip ;    
hybridization in certain brazilian fringillidae ( sporophila and oryzoborus ) h sick proc . int . ornithol . congr    
core based trees ( cbt ) an architecture for scalable inter-domain multicast routing t ballardie   p francis   j crowcroft   
generating diagram editors from formal specifications f arefi   mt milani information and software technology   1992.0 
mccanne . amodel   analysis   and protocol framework for soft state-based communication s ramanands proc . of acm  
asymmetric fingerprinting for larger collusions   in â ?? 4th acm conference on computer and b pfitzmann   m waidner zurich   switzerland    
bank of america case study : the information currency advantage f carino   m jahnke vldb   1998.0 
transforming e-knowledge   a revolution in the sharing of knowledge   ( 2003 ) d norris   j mason   p lefrere   
schrodinger operators hl cycon   rg froese   w kirsch   b simon  1987.0 
international migrations   argentina   vol i ferenczi   w wilcox i statistics   nber    
becoming a faculty developer s wilcox new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0 
a simple bounded disorder file organization with good performance db lomet acm transactions on database systems   1988.0 
derived relations : a unified mechanism for views   snapshots   and distributed data me adiba vldb   1981.0 
modular program construction using abstractions   computation structures group memo 184 b liskov  1979.0 
the bucky object-relational benchmark mj carey sigmod rec   1997.0 
good : agraph-oriented object database system m gemis   j paredaens   i thyssens   
performance analysis of the two-dimensional polynomial phase difference operator algorithm jm francos   b friedlander submitted for  
recent bt patents rj briscoe bt technology journal   2000.0 
rec . 16th ieee photovoltaic specialists conf a rothwarf san diego    
gentrification and uneven development n smith economic geography   1982.0 
precision tillage : in-field   real-time control of seedbed quality aj scarlett   jc lowe   da semple procs . of    
a comparison of two approaches for simulating lake-ground water interactions with modflow sk nair   mm wilsnack proceedings for modflowâ ?? 98    
challenges for spoken dialog systems   spoken language systems group jr glass  1999.0 
from hopl to hopl-ii ( 1978â ?? 1993 ) : 15 years of programming language development je sammet history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
design   modeling   and performance of a high-force piezoelectric inchworm motor tp galante   je frank   j bernard   w chen   ga proc . spie   1998.0 
issues in the history of computing ms mahoney history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
a graphical environment for temporal reasoning g kutty  1994.0 
interrelations of autecological characteristics of prairie herbs . je butler  1954.0 
applications of dbms to land information systems . 7th internat a frank conf . on very large data bases   cannes ( france )    
intelligent support for epidemiological research through an organizational memory information system f burstein   h linger   a zaslavsky   n crofts   c   
nature of diamond coat m seal phil . mag    
avoiding non-termination in unification grammars c samuelss procs . 4th int . workshop on natural language understanding  
a support vector machine with a hybrid kernel and minimal vapnik-chervonenkis dimension y tan   j wang knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on   2004.0 
an observation on database buffering performance metrics rb hagmann vldb   1986.0 
numerical integration of bem singular integrals g criscuolo   
issues in large-vocabulary interactive speech systems dj attwater   sj whittaker bt technology journal   1996.0 
fabrication of cdznte strip detectors for large area arrays cm stahle   zq shi   k hu   sd barthelmy   sj proc . spie   1997.0 
corporate social responsibility and firm financial performance jb mcguire   a sundgren   t schneeweis the academy of management journal   1988.0 
effects of estrogen replacement therapy on plasma endothelin-1 and nitric oxide in postmenopausal pjm best   pb berger   vm miller   a lerman circulation ( suppl  
query processing and optimization in rdb g antoshnekov   m ziauddin vldb journal    
finding text in images v wu   r manmatha   em riseman   
andt wm cowan   di gottlieb   ae hendrickson   jl price wool-sey ( 1972 ) the autoradiographic demonstration of axonal  
representations for text categorization s dumais   j platt   d heckerman   msil algorithms technical report   microsoft research    
the optimization strategy for query evaluation in rdb/v1 a makinouchi   m tezuka   h kitakami   s adachi vldb   1981.0 
technology   consortia   and the relationship revolution in education gc godbey   gj richter new directions for higher education   1999.0 
methods for tamper detection in digital images j fridrich   
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us a mccormack bt technology journal   2005.0 
developmental observations on the auxiliary do and the optional infinitive hypothesis t sano proceedings of the 23rd annual boston university conference & hellip ;    
chromium : a stream-processing frameworkforinteractive renderingonclusters g humphreys   m houston   r ng   r frank   s ahern   pd proc . acm siggraph    
tcp-aware packet marking in networks with diffserv support m mellia   i stoica   h zhang computer networks   2003.0 
intelligent control for automated vehicles : a decision aiding method for coordination of multiple nd geddes   rj lee proceedings of auvsiâ ?? 98 25 thannual symposium and & hellip ;    
oneline one-dimensional conflict-free coloring a fiat   j matousek   e mossel   j pach   m sharir   s  2004.0 
highlights of material research for optoelectronics in the eighties   trends and challenges for the m razeghi oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
charge-based proportional scheduling . technical memorandum u maheshwari mit/lcs/tm { 529   laboratory for computer science   massachusetts  
load balancing and data locality in parallel n-body techniques jp singh   c holt   t totsuka   a gupta   jl hennessy technical report csl-tr-91-496   stanford university    
contours of constructive hypertexts m bernstein   m joyce   d levine proceedings of the acm conference on hypertext   1993.0 
a functional meta-structure for hypertext models and systems r furuta   pd stotts   
recovery of yellow-poplar ( liriodendron tulipifera ) embryogenic material following cryopreservation   pm montello   sa merkle proceedings of the 23rd southern forest tree improvement & hellip ;    
performance improvement of half controlled three phase pwm boost rectifier jun kikuchi  1999.0 
applying reinforcement learning to instruction scheduling within basic blocks d scheeff   c brodley   e moss   j cavazos   d submitted for publication    
chord : a scalable p2p lookup service for internet applications i stoica   r morris   d karger   mf kaashoek   h proc . of acm sigcomm    
archives specializing in the history of computing bh bruemmer history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
land use changes in the environs of moscow g ioffe   t nefedova area   2001.0 
constrained example generation e michener university of massachusetts at amherst technical  
supporting the meeting report process . c costa   p antunes   j dias   
john zahorjan the challenges of mobile computing gh forman ieee computer    
. 8th east-european conference on advances in databases and information systems ( adbis-04 )   22-25 a albani   b bazijanec   k turowski   c winnewisser budapest   hungary    
the 1998 htk system for transcription of conversational telephone speech t ham   pc woodland   tr niesler   ewd whittaker   
successful use of nasal bipap in three patients previously requiring intubation and mechanical jm poponick   jp renston   cl emermanâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
developing and applying the study of comparative cultures . jl barth social studies and the young learner   1990.0 
the thermal conductivity of ice : new data on the temperature coefficient eh ratcliffe phil . mag    
improving the performance of interactive tcp applications using service differentiation w noureddine   f tobagi computer networks   2002.0 
where to start a geometric walk l lovasz   s vempala microsoft technical  
recent bt patents dd milne bt technology journal   1999.0 
w. mackrell and r. bunt   mobile multicast ( mom ) protocol : multicast support for mobile hosts t harrison   c williamson proc . of acm mobicomâ ?? 97    
antidepressants for depression in medical illness d gill   s hatcher cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
experimentelle analyse der mischungstruktur in turbulenten nicht vorgemischten flammen m flury  1999.0 
the price of wireless shopping b machrone pc magazine    
multi-modal perception mp hollier   an rimell   ds hands   rm voelcker bt technology journal   1999.0 
estimating aggregates on a peer-to-peer network m bawa   h garcia-molina   a gionis   r motwani submitted for publication   2004.0 
a phonology of ngyemb oo n-bamileke sc anderson unpublished manuscript    
data base machines with large content-addressable blocks and structural information processors ds kerr ieee computer    
obstruction-free synchronization : double-ended queues as an example v luchangco   m moir   n shavit proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;    
safe passage . k bannan pc magazine    
report on the lgth razilian symposium on databases ( sbbd 2004 ) sc lifschitz   ahf laender sigmod record   2005.0 
handhelds go to school d tatar   j roschelle   p vahey   wr penuel ieee computer    
a guide to the identification and natural history of the sparrows of the united states and canada : jd rising san diego   california    
composite event specification in active databases : model & implementation nh gehani   hv jagadish vldb   1992.0 
real-time content analysis and adaptive transmission of lecture videos for mobile applications t liu   c choudary proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
circulating icam-1 in amniotic fluid   maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein levels and intrauterine c salafia   e mainolfi   p almaguer   ja kelly   j  1992.0 
response of riparian shrubs to declining water availability . p. 48-51 k boggs   t weaver & hellip ;   d. bedunah   and cl wambolt ( compilers )   proceedings - & hellip ;    
primary maternal preoccupation dw winnicott through paediatrics to psychoanalysis   1956.0 
control-flow semantics of use cases in uml kg van den berg   ajh simons   
international union of crystalography congress v pichon-pesme   h lachekar   c lecomte seattle   washington   usa    
multiphase flow and fluidization academic press d gidaspow san diego   usa    
graphical interaction with heterogeneous databases t catarci   g santucci   j cardiff the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
using children 's literature to teach about the american revolution . jj drake   fd drake social studies and the young learner   1990.0 
an anytime algorithm for scheduling of aircraft landing times using genetic algorithms v ciesielski   p scerri & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems   1997.0 
relational data-base management systems dd chamberlin acm computing surveys ( csur )   1976.0 
findingcandidatekeysforrelational data bases fj fadousr & hellip ; - sigmod international conference on management of data   san & hellip ;    
personalize or perish af lã 1/4 di   
on selfish routing in internet-like environments l qiu   yr yang   y zhang   s shenker   
savage inequalities : children in americaâ ?? s schools j kozol   
calcification of rachitic cartilage to study matrix vesicle function hc anderson   sw sajdera fed proc   1976.0 
the lbfs structure and recognition of interval graphs dg corneil   s olariu   l stewart submitted for publication    
medical management of ectopic pregnancy-the role of methotrexate ds ander   kr ward journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
recursive and on-line graph coloring ha kierstead to  
beyond location : hypertext workspaces and non-linear views ms frank   cm catherine   l mark proc . acm  
characteristic errors in programming jd gannon proceedings of acm national conference    
information literacy : developing students as independent learners jk olsen new directions for higher education    
arcojp : an architecture for comparing joins in parallel f freitas   s lifschitz   jaf macedo procs brazilian symposium of databases ( sbbd )    
compositing digital images [ c ] p thomas   d tom proceedings d sic    
compositing digital images t porter   t duff acm siggraph computer graphics   1984.0 
equity financing : real estate . r thomas   j davies new directions for higher education   1987.0 
a procedural approach to authoring solid models [ a ] c barbara   d julie   m leonard proceedings of acm siggraph    
fractalsforsecondarykeyretrieval cfs roseman proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of data    
browsing the mobile internet l george ieee computer    
translocation of nuisance grizzly bears in northwestern montana sj riley   k aune   rd mace   mj madel international conference on bear research and management    
generalized search trees for database systems jm hellerstein   jf naughton   a pfeffer vldb   1995.0 
0 . gruber . efficient incremental garbage collection for client-server object database systems l amsaleg   m franklin procs . of the international conf . on very large databases   & hellip ;    
bristle blocks : a silicon compiler '' proc 16 thacm ieee dac d johansen san diego   june    
78 /   '' a software engineering view of data base systems h weber proc . 4th int . conf   on vldb   berlin    
black studies in california higher education   1965-1980 kk miller  1986.0 
towards development of secure systems using umlsec j jurjens lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
thermally activated mobile ejector refrigeration system analysis m salim proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2004.0 
analog modeling language spans all system design levels i getreu electronic design    
programmable secure coprocessorâ ??   sean smith and steve weingart ba high-performance computer networks    
discourses of regeneration in early twentieth-century britain : from bedlam to the imperial war s cooke   l jenkins area   2001.0 
experimental investigation into the penetration of soft solids oa shergold   na fleck  2004.0 
modeling and simulation in reactive systems m boasson proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;   1996.0 
the role of diuretic agents in the management of acute renal failure r venkataram   ja kellum contributions to nephrology   2001.0 
freshwater fishes of virginia . american fisheries society   bethesda re jenkins   nm burkhead md    
vigilance impairment : assessment by driving simulators cfp george sleep-new york -   2000.0 
our load of mutations . hj muller  1950.0 
activity-driven clock design for low power circuits ge tã © llez   a farrahi   m sarrafzadeh proceedings of the 1995 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
flow characteristics of gas and fine particles in a two-dimensional space of packed bed h yamaoka tetsu-to-haganã ©    
usa   2001 ma boston   
9511 ridgehaven court ar electronics san diego    
bank considers outsourcing m fitzgerald computerworld    
load balancers   '' l freed   hw tested pc  
retention of internal aqueous contents during fusion of semliki forest virus with liposomes g li   p schoen   jm smit   lc bijl   j corver   k lin   submitted for  
characteristics and treatment of patients with heart failure in the emergency department jd welsh   rm heiser   mp schooler   dy brockopp   mb journal of emergency nursing   2002.0 
synthesis and preliminary evaluation of the biological properties of a 1 alpha   25-dihydroxyvitamin mr uskokovic   ps manchand   s peleg   aw norman proceedings of the 10th workshop on vitamin d 1997   & hellip ;    
a thermal-dissipation-based approach for balancing data load in distributed hash tables s rieche   l petrak   k wehrle   
a system for using r & d project evaluation methods we souder research management   1978.0 
a descriptive analysis of european office real estate cycles : comparative modelling with us real s laposa   b ashton   r barkham   b gilbertson  1999.0 
paleocene geography of southern california [ ph. d. dissert . ] og sage jr santa barbara   university of california    
watchman : a data warehouse intelligent cache manager p scheuermann   j shim   r vingralek proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 
eating disordered adolescent males ao eliot   cw baker adolescence-san diego -   2001.0 
mobile video-streaming md walker   m nilsson   t jebb   r turnbull bt technology journal   2003.0 
on the influence of the kernel on the consistency of support vector machines i steinwart journal of machine learning research   2001.0 
two-dimensional high-lift aerodynamic optimization using neural networks rm greenman   
auxiliary partial orthotopic liver transplantation as a rescue for small-for-size grafts harvested m kasahara   t kiuchi   k uryuhara   k takakura   h transplantation proceedings   1998.0 
study of human-robot interaction at the aaai robot rescue competition ha yanco   jl drury   j scholtz  2002.0 
join indexes p valduriez acm tods    
extending query rewriting techniques for fine-grained access control s rizvi   a mendelzon   s sudarshan   p roy sigmod 2004.0 
forest offences and impediment to forest resources conservation in akwa-ibom state es udo proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the forestry & hellip ;    
the chronicle of the bank of greece e venezis  1955.0 
consolidating and applying the sdl-pattern approach : a detailed case study r gotzhein information and software technology   2003.0 
conceptual modeling for distributed ontology environments dl mcguinness lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
mediating interface between hypertext and structured documents k hayashi   a sekijima   
constrained dynamics k sundermeyer  1982.0 
relational learning with statistical predicate invention : better models for hypertext m craven   s slattery machine learning   2001.0 
strategic planning and firm performance : a synthesis of more than two decades of research cc miller   lb cardinal the academy of management journal   1994.0 
efficiency-quality tradeoffs for vector score aggregation pkc singitham   m mahabhashyam   p raghavan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
plan-per-tuple optimization solution-parallel execution of expensive user-defined functions f carifio   woâ ?? connell   
permeability response to tumor necrosis factor alpha in brain microvessel endothelial cells involves wj trickler   wg mayhan   dw miller   
setting two variables at a time yields a new lower bound for random 3-sat d achioptas proc . 32nd acm stoc    
an improvement over : '' an improvement over deeply nested if-then-else control structure a lakhotia acm sigplan notices   1983.0 
graphical analysis patterns sj mellor procs . software development west98    
search architectures for the automatic design of graphical presentations jd mackinlay acm press   new york   1991.0 
setting economic leakage targets c report   
distribution-dependent hashing functions and their characteristics rf deutscher   pg sorenson   jp tremblay proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1975.0 
negotiating between competing interests in planning continuing medical education rg maclean new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
computational complexity of itemset frequency satisfiability t calders   
graphical representation and feedback in a pbd system f modugno   ba myers & hellip ; what i do : programming by demonstration table of contents   1993.0 
primitive passions : visuality   sexuality   ethnography   and contemporary chinese cinema r chow  1995.0 
principles for modeling language design rf paige   js ostroff   pj brooke   
r-trees : a dynti index structure for sparial searching a guttman proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   boston   & hellip ;    
is fast : five optimizations in the design of an experimental database system for cad/cam m hardwick   r why proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference  
recent bt patents cr carrington bt technology journal   2001.0 
an inventory model with commitments r anupindi   r akella submitted for publication    
reai-time index concurrency control jr haritsa sigmod record   1996.0 
laws governing interactions between railroad roadbeds and permafrost na peretrukhin   tv potaueva proceedings of 4th international conference on permafrost   1983.0 
s-plus for windows user 's manual   version 3.3 m soft math soft   seattle   washington   usa    
the multiple dimensions of sustainable development . m redclift geography   1991.0 
frustrated networking pros say efforts not appreciated b wallace computerworld    
creating a community of learners : constructing opportunities for learning and negotiating meaning in a floriani  1997.0 
a kernel for temporally correct reactive systems m ackerman msc thesis   computer science department   university of  
â ?? a cry for privacy d radcliff computerworld    
human chromosomes : structure   behavior   effects e therman  1986.0 
indexing and matching of polyphonic songs for query-by-singing system tw leung   cw ngo proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
dekeyser   and seitz b amelinckx phil . mag    
soft computing for intelligent knowledge-based systems jf baldwin   t martin   b azvine bt technology journal   1998.0 
restructuring to sustain excellence rs myers new directions for higher education   1996.0 
evaluation of a mobile coronary care unit protocol in patients with acute onset chest pain . g bertini   c rostagno   t taddei   s lazzerini   a journal of emergency medicine   1991.0 
differential equations over polynomially bounded o-minimal structures jm lion   c miller   p speissegger proceedings-american mathematical  
developing culture curriculum for native american children : the rough rock experience . g johnson  1981.0 
compiling complex database transition triggers d cohen   
the validation of a two-dimensional transient catalyst model for direct injection two-stroke g mccullough   r douglas   g cunningham   l foley proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
complex objects and thetr use m design transacuons r lone   w plouffe proc database week   sigmod   may    
index maintenance for object-oriented databases using semantic information . submitted to the 1995 d hwang   b liskov mit laboratory for computer  
leesons from a â ?? living in a databaseâ ?? graphical user interface d fogg proc . acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
of xml and databases : whereâ ?? s the beef p discussion   mj carey acm sigmod conference    
emergency department d-dimer testing at sadosty   dg goyal   et boie   ck chiu journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
wch jr. aquanet : a hypertext tool to hold your knowledge in place cc marshall   fg halasz   ra rogers proc . acm  
research thrusts in small firm strategic planning rb robinson jr   ja pearce ii the academy of management review   1984.0 
scalability of spatial operators h kemppainen   j albrecht gis lis-international conference -    
steroid sex hormones for lower limb atherosclerosis jf price   gc leng cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
security and privacy in sensor networks c haowen   a perrig ieee computer    
design considerations and performance optimizations for real-time orbs a gokhale   i pyarali   coâ ?? ryan   dc schmidt   v submitted to  
the case for a hybrid p2p search infrastructure bt loo   r huebsch   i stoica   jm hellerstein   
probe interval graphs and its applications to physical mapping of dna p zhang unpublished  
flow-directed lightweight closure conversion jm siskind by  
geographic routing without location information a rao   c papadimitriou   s shenker   i stoica proceedings of the 9th annual international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
hybrid transitive closure algorithms r agrawal   hv jagadish vldb   1990.0 
optimal policies for handoff and channel assignment in cdma cellular networks yw chang   e geraniotis proc . 29th conf . on information sciences and  
progressive forest split compression g lazarus proc . acm siggraphâ ?? 98    
characteristic changes in erythrocyte nucleotides in haemolytic anaemia with basophilic stippling of a laurence   ja duley   ha simmonds   m layton cellular and molecular biology letters   1999.0 
interaction of electromagnetic field with rain medium with respect to the satellite link attenuation o fiser czech technical university   prague    
the annals of the history of computing and other journals ba galler history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
issues   examples   and challenges in formative assessment e hunt   jw pellegrino new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
university of california at santa barbara ss sweet department of biological sciences . santa barbara   california & hellip ;    
134th meeting of asa s sato   y ando san diego    
diffraction contrast from spherically symmetrical coherency strains mf ashby   lm brown phil . mag    
barriers to the advance of organizational science : paradigm development as a dependent variable j pfeffer the academy of management review   1993.0 
development of a grade eight taiwanese physical science teacherâ ?? s pedagogical content knowledge hl tuan   rc kaou proceedings of national science council   part d    
the transportation revolution gr taylor new york : rinehart    
united states of america v dcc opinion  2001.0 
data modelling versus ontology engineering r meersmanâ ? ¦ sigmod records    
m and beshers dn 1963 sm ohr phil . mag    
efficient management of transitive relationships in large data bases r agrawal   a borgida   hv jagadish   
near-surface circulation in the northwestern pacific as derived from lagrangian drifters n maximenko   g panteleev   p niiler   t yamagata proc . int . symp . triangle &#39; 98    
research findings on the seven principles md sorcinelli new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
basking in reflected glory : three ( football ) field studies rb cialdini   rj borden   a thorne   mr walker   s journal of personality and social psychology    
geology of the frazier park-cuddy valley area em duebendorfer california [ m s. thesisi : santa barbara   california   & hellip ;    
secure concurrency control in firm real-time database systems b george   jr haritsa distributed and parallel databases   2000.0 
990 f h holding supp .  
wear and friction characteristics of pvd-coated roller bearings pw gold   j loos   m kuhn icmctf san diego    
semantic data cachingand replacement s dar   mj franklin   b jonsson   d srivastava   m tan proceedings of the 22th vldb  
object-relational database systems-principles   products and challenges k kulkarni   n mattos   a nori  1997.0 
traffic barrier systems initial report-installation of a thrie beam guardrail rl blost demonstration project  
design techniques for transformer active reset circuits at high frequencies and power levels b carsten  1990.0 
cerius   9658 scranton road m simulation san diego    
automatic 3d to 2d registration for the photorealistic rendering of urban scenes l liu   i stamos   
hands/knees posture in late pregnancy or labour for fetal malposition ( lateral or posterior ) gj hofmeyr   r kulier cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
performance appraisal : maintaining system effectiveness . dc martin   km bartol public personnel management   1998.0 
complex objects and their use in design transactions r lop lode   w plouffe engineering design application proceedings from sigmod & hellip ;    
userâ ?? s guide for cfsqp version 2.5 : ac code for solvinglarge scale ! constrained nonlinearminimax ! c lawrence   jl zhou   al tits md    
manual of fumigation for insect control hau monro journal of pest science   1971.0 
neuromuscular blocking agents in the emergency department ma rubin   n sadovnikoff journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
wildlife feeding and nutrition . 2nd ed : academic press ct robbins san diego   california    
optimistic parallelization of communicating sequential processes df bacon   re strom acm sigplan notices   1991.0 
the rhetoric of sustainable development k chaharbaghi proceedings of international conference on management of & hellip ;    
neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy for operable hepatocellular carcinoma es chan   pk chow   b taiâ ? ¦  2000.0 
geography and the national parks l bennett social studies and the young learner   1997.0 
14â ?? 18 november 1993 . the fifth acm conference on hypertext proceedings acm siglink   s sigir acm press   seattle   washington  
conquer : efficient management of inconsistent databases a fuxman   e fazli   rj miller proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
storms over europe : losses and scenarios a schraft   e durand   p hausmann  1993.0 
on the feasibility of peer-to-peer web indexing and search j li   bt loo   jm hellerstein   mf kaashoek   dr lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
odeview : a user-friendly graphical interface to ode r agrawal   nh gehani   j srinivasan proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1990.0 
the role of isdn in data networking chw everrett   km blakey   lnc morgan bt technology journal   1998.0 
technology speculation : uses and benefits . 8th rb ward international conference on management of technology   iamot . & hellip ;    
evaluation of sctp multistreaming over satellite links m atiquzzaman   w ivancic   
compaq : reality sinks in m hamblen   k ohlson   
mining web informative structures and contents based on entropy analysis hy kao   sh lin   jm ho   ms chen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
multicast routing in internetworks and extended lans se deering   
a comparison of self-esteem lability and low trait self-esteem as vulnerability factors for ac butler   je hokanson   ha flynn journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
writing secure code 2 ( 2 ndedition ) â ?? ch 5   10   and 23 m howard   dc leblanc microsoft  
numerical and experimental studies on adiabatic and nonadiabatic capillary tubes with hfc-134 a   e dirik   c inan   my tanes proc int refrig conf   1994.0 
guiding principles for evaluators dl newman   ma scheirer   wr shadish   c wye new directions for program evaluation    
direct algorrthmi for computmg the transrtlve closure of database relations a agrawal   hv jagadlsh proc international conference on very large data bases    
9685 scranton road i accelrys san diego    
recent bt patents r hatton bt technology journal   2000.0 
the nonlinear dynamics of focussed wave groups in two and three dimensions tb johannessen   c swan submitted for  
the birds of san diego county : san diego society of natural history p unitt san diego   ca    
generation of geometric model by registration and integration of multiple range images t masuda 3-d digital imaging and modeling   2001 . proceedings . third & hellip ;   2001.0 
low disturbance audio for awareness and privacy in media space applications ie smith   se hudson   
a fatal incuriosity m dowd ny times   new york   ny   usa . september    
endovascular repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms : where do we stand ? mh seelig   wa oldenburg   ag hakaim   jw hallett   a mayo clinic proceedings   1999.0 
a robust category guesser for dutch medical language p spyns   
active modeling of 3-d objects : planning on the next best pose ( nbp ) for acquiring range images h zha   k morooka   t hasegawa   t nagata 3-d digital imaging and modeling   1997 . proceedings.   & hellip ;   1997.0 
the interaction of dislocations and boundaries ak head phil . mag    
high-concurrency in r-trees m kornacker   d banks proc . 21th international conference on vldb    
a trace semantics for long-running transactions m butler   t hoare   c ferreira   
real business processing meets the web j chong   
l. r onyai . polynomial time solutions of some problems in computational algebra k friedl proc . 17th acm  
feff 8.00 manual a ankudinov   b ravel   jj rehr  1999.0 
building a visual ontology for video retrieval l hollink   m worring   at schreiber   
extensible/rule based query rewrite optimization in starburst j hellerstein   h pirahesh   w hasan proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
antifibrinolytics for heavy menstrual bleeding a lethaby   c farquhar   i cooke cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
implementation of logical query languages for databases . r source   m zentralblatt acm trans . database syst   1985.0 
lockett f drell  1958.0 
spinal deformation following multi-level thoracic and lumbar laminectomy in children . d bell   j walker   goâ ?? connor   j orrel   r submitted for publication    
the oracle warehouse g hallmark proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;   1995.0 
extensible content protection f pestoni   c drews proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
on experiments with a transport protocol for pervasive computing environments s avancha   v korolev   a joshi   t finin   y yesha computer networks   2002.0 
communication in reform md george new directions for higher education   2002.0 
aufklã $ rung vor schutzimpfungenâ ?? empfehlungen fã 1/4 r die praxis a nassauer   g maass inffo i/98    
critical analysis of 1î ±   25-dihydroxyvitamin d 3 response elements c carlberg proceedings of the 10th international vitamin d workshop    
recent tourism development in cyprus . da gilmor geography    
multimethod communication for high-performance metacomputing i foster   j geisler   s tuecke   c kesselman proceedings of acm/ieee  
on the design of a query processing strategy in a distributed database environment ct yu   cc chang acm sigmod record   1983.0 
semi-join algorithms for multiprocessor systems p valduriez proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
tax changes   retirement   and pensions . ad sumberg new directions for higher education   1989.0 
educating the virtual architect . promise and reality j petricâ ? ¦ proceedings of ecaade conference   weimar [ ed donath    
software testingâ ?? searching for the missing link m roper information and software technology   1999.0 
evidence on economies of scale in software development rd banker   h chang   cf kemerer information and software technology   1994.0 
modern times : the industrial revolution and the concept of time . fh doppen social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
radiomap : experiential interactive environment m hohl   
nearest neighbor queries in road networks cs jensen   j kolar   tb pedersen   i timko   
buffer management in relational database systems gm sacco   m schkolnick acm transactions on database systems   1986.0 
effect of electric fields on fracture behavior of pzt ceramics ag tobin   ye pak proc .  
a compressmn techtuque for large stattsttcal databases ' s eggers   f olken   a shosham proc  
the interaction of clouds with the surrounding aerosol environment ip mazin meteorologiia i gidrologiia   1982.0 
t.â ?? papatheodourou   evaluation of hypermedia application development and management systems   â ?? s christodoulou   g styliaras proceedings of acm hypertext â ?? 98  
search via laser receivers for interstellar communications m ross proc . ieee    
three practical strategies for peer consultation bj millis new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0 
choosing an appropriate buffer strategy for an optical packet switch with a feed-back fdl buffer c develder   m pickavet   p demeester proc . 28th european conf . on optical communication    
modeling the primary productivity of the world h lieth primary productivity of the biosphere   1975.0 
for the pierre auger collaboration r clayâ ? ¦ proc . 28th icrc   ( tsukuba   japan   2003 )  
equation of state and structural changes in diaminodinitroethylene from experimental studies and ab m suhithi   p chak   m maijaâ ? ¦ san diego   california    
continual permutations of action al strauss  1993.0 
jacquet   r. & hirsh-pasek   k. ( 1993 ) . lexical principles underlie verb learning rm golinkoff unpublished  
achieving dynamic interfaces with agent concepts t juan   l sterling   
soil erosion in the west midlands : an act of god or agricultural mismanagement i foster   s harrison   d clark geography   1997.0 
formac session tj bergin history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
medisyn : a synthetic streaming media service workload generator w tang   y fu   l cherkasova   a vahdat   
analysis and simulation of a fair queueing algorithm a derners   s keshav   s shenker proceedings of acm sigcomm   pages    
marital interaction : physiological linkage and affective exchange rw levenson   jm gottman journal of personality and social psychology   1983.0 
automated authoring of coherent multimedia discourse in conversation systems mx zhou   s pan   
recent bt patents acc brennan bt technology journal   2001.0 
michael tan . data caching and replacement s dar   mj franklin   bã ? jã ³ nsson   d srivastava proc . very large data bases conference   bombay   india    
hypertext systems and applications pav hall   s papadopoulos information and software technology   1990.0 
full text pdf format pdf ( 190 kb ) source acm sigmod record archive t catarci   if cruz acm sigmod record   1996.0 
segmenting the breast border and nipple on mammograms r chandrasekhar   y attikiouzel & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems    
attitude strength : one construct or many related constructs ? ja krosnick   ds boninger   yc chuang   mk berentâ ? ¦ journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
heavy metal toxicity   part i : arsenic and mercury ka graeme   cv pollack journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
multidimensional binary search trees used for associative searching . com-mzm . acm 18   9 ( sept. 1975 )   jl bentley acm transactions on database systems    
purine and pyrimidine levels in cultured skin fibroblasts from control and lesch-nyhan patients sp hussain   ja duley   gp connolly cellular and molecular biology letters   1999.0 
design principles of the internet architecture dd clark proc . acm sigcomm    
oktober 1993 a over de nwo-organisatie   
dasd dancing : a disk load balancing scheme for video-on-demand systems jl wolf   ps yu   h shachnai proceedings of acm sigmetrics    
numerical database management system : a model ooa daini proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
offering a precision-performance tradeoff for aggregation queries over replicated data . submitted c olston   j widom stanford technical report http : / / ~ w ~ - db   stanford   edu/pub /  
issues in developing real-time multimedia applications for a multiprocessor system pa subrahmanyam   a sharma proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;   1996.0 
and the american obesity association . guidance for treatment of adult obesity . shape up america !   su america md    
formalization and correctness of a concurrency control algorithm for an open and safe nested sk madria   sn maheshwari   b chandra proceedings of 8th international conference on management of & hellip ;    
on improved performance guarantees through the use of slack times s baruah   j haritsa submitted for  
braids   trees   and operads   arx iv : math j morava   
machine learning for intelligent information access gj karakoulas   g semeraro   
a note on the determinents of corporate debt capacity sc myers unpublished manuscript    
o. shmueli-composite event model specification in active databases : model and implementation nh gehani   hv jagadish proceedings  
for the pierre auger collaboration p ghia proc . 28th icrc   ( tsukuba   japan   2003 )  
educator and architect partnerships for success j butz new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
atmospheric deposition and forest nutrient cycling dw johnson   se lindberg  1992.0 
vhdl   langage   modã © lisation   synthã ¨ se   2ã ¨ me ã © dition   presses polytechniques et universitaires r airiau   jm bergã ©   v olive   j rouillard   
evaluation of the forest fires of 1998 in east kalimantan   indonesia using multi-temporal ers-2 sar f siegert   aa hoffmann & hellip ; conference on data management and modelling using remote & hellip ;    
searching for components t harbert electronic business    
the reaction of ammonium dinitramide under thermal load kj krautle   aj atwood proc . 29th jannaf combust . subcommittee  
social behavior of black bears at a garbage dump in jasper national park s herrero international conference on bear research and management    
stopâ ?? andâ ?? go queueing framework for eongesticm management sja golestani proc acm  
exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained association queries rt ng   lvs lakshmanan   j han   a pang proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data    
garbage collection for a client-server persistent object store l amsaleg   mj franklin   o gruber acm transactions on computer systems   1999.0 
improvement of haart-associated insulin resistance and dyslipidemia after replacement of protease r walli   gm michl   jr bogner   fd goebel european journal of medical research   2001.0 
passing over easter : constructing the boundaries of messianic judaism s feher  1995.0 
uniting teacher learning : collaborative inquiry for professional development jn bray new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0 
query optimization for parallel execution sg ghk   w hasan   r krishnamurthy proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
ba.   and santos   sm   triggers in a logic data base using query-by-example jcf neves proceedings of the colloque international d &#39; lntelligence & hellip ;    
on the use of optimistic methods for concurrency control in distributed system [ a ] c ovickis proc . 6th int . conf . on distributed data management and & hellip ;    
a fast and versatile path index for querying semi-structured data m barg   rk wong database systems for advanced applications   2003 . ( dasfaa & hellip ;   2003.0 
an approach to monitoring and assertion-checking of real-time specifications m brockmeyer   f jahanian   c heitmeyer   b labaw proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;   1996.0 
the real and financial decisions of unionized firms in a dynamic setting . sg bronars   dr deere university of california at santa barbara . processed    
pseudomonas aeruginosa infection due to contaminated vaccination equipment v mireles   c alvarez proc . 28th western poultry disease conference and 13th & hellip ;    
evaluating program impact : a time to cast away stones   a time to gather stones together as bryk new directions for program evaluation    
graphical process definition language and its application to a maintenance project am christie information and software technology   1993.0 
cortical and subcortical localization of response to pain in man using positron emission tomography akp jones   wd brown   kj friston   ly qi   rsj proceedings : biological sciences   1991.0 
lessons from a â ?? living in a databaseâ ?? graphical query language d fogg proceedings of the acm-sigmod conf . on management of data    
on parallel stability of two-dimensional dynamics t ooba  2000.0 
vmcwd : a fortran subroutine for constrained optimization mjd powell acm sigmap bulletin   1983.0 
specifying software quality with the extended iso model rhj van zeist   prh hendriks software quality management-international conference -   1996.0 
importance of physical attractiveness in dating behavior e walster   v aronson   d abrahams   l rottman journal of personality and social psychology   1966.0 
the qq { estimator and heavy tails   available as tr1122 . ps m kratz   s resnick z  
treatment of acromegaly with b2036-peg   a growth hormone receptor antagonist ( abstract or14â ?? 6 ) . a barkan   e dimaraki   gm besser san diego    
landscape-level effects of the interaction between residential development and public forest bc ward  2004.0 
a data warehouse intelligent cache manager p scheuerman   j shim   r vingralekâ ?? watchman vldb journal    
performance and scalability of ejb applications e cecchet   j marguerite   w zwaenepoel   
why rose is fast : five optimizations in the design of an experimental database system for cad/cam portal.acm.org   
a o.   and sagiv   y. testing imphcauons of data dependencies d mamr   mv ndelzon acm trans . database syst    
concurrency control performance modeling : alternatives andimplications r agrawal   mj carey   m livny acm trans . database systems    
policies for systemic innovation : the case of the brazilian biotechnology network tmm guedes & hellip ; of the ninth international conference on management of & hellip ;    
performance tradeoffs in multistreamed superscalar architectures mj serrano  1994.0 
mobile web services p farley   m capp bt technology journal   2005.0 
structure in sanderling ( calidris alba ) populations : the magnitude of intra-and interyear dispersal jp myers   ct schick   g castro proc int ornithol congress    
interface issues and interaction strategie for information retrieval s heminger   n berlkin proceedings of : acm    
weight-by-sonority in cowichan v bianco ms. university of california   santa barbara    
fine-grained version control for collaborative software development b magnusson   u asklund   s minã ¶ r proceedings of acm  
concurrency control in generalized search trees m kornacker   c mohan   jm hellerstein proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
mergers and the performance of the acquiring firm m lubatkin the academy of management review   1983.0 
of xml and databases ( panel session ) : where 's the beef ? j widom   a bosworth   b lindsay   m stonebraker   d proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2000.0 
self-tuning cost modeling of user-defined functions in an object-relational dbms z he   bs lee   r snapp acm transactions on database systems   2005.0 
estimating the size of generalized transitive closures rj lipton   jf naughton vldb   1989.0 
practical neural network recipes in c++ : academic press t masters san diego   california    
the dec oo7 benchmark m carey   dj dewitt   jf naughton proc . acm sigmod conf.    
j. volmer v. welch r. butler   d. engert . a national-scale authentication infrastructure d engert   i foster   c kesselman   s tuecke ieee computer    
application of dbms to land information systems au frank vldb   1981.0 
minsal   marzo 2003 g perinatal   
a global garbage collector for federated database management systems m frã © dã © ric   t jean-marc   b pierre   
filtering algorithms and implementation for very fast publish/subscribe systems f fabret   ha jacobsen   f llirbat   j pereira   ka sigmod record   2001.0 
clustering based on association rule hypergr ~ phs   the acm sigi40d workshop o ~ res ~ rch issues o ~ eh han   g karypis   v kumar   b mobasher montreal   canada   june    
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? concurrency control performance modeling : alternatives and implications   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? acm trans rk agrawal   mj carey   m livny database syst    
video summarization based on user log enhanced link analysis b yu   wy ma   k nahrstedt   hj zhang proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
secure buffering in firm real-time database systems b george   jr haritsa the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
functional specifications ofa subsystem for database integrity k eswaran   d chamberlin proc . jc vldb    
a comparison of entropy constrained still image subband coding and transform coding   '' jm lervik   ta ramstad proc . int . conf . digital signal  
inner-block operations on compressed images b shen   
the fiasco kernel : system architecture m hohmuth unpublished manuscript    
a qualitative approach to recognition of man-made objects in laser-radar images e jungert unpublished manuscript    
a and fourkas jt 2003 r farrrer acc . chem .  
a-topss : a publish/subscribe system supporting imperfect information processing h liu   ha jacobsen   
helpmate autonomous mobile navigation system s king   c weiman procs . spie conf . mobile  
space-time analysis of forest fires cd avalos  1998.0 
structure and optical polarizabilities of small silicon clusters ( abstract only ) t rantala   m stockman   d jelski   t george proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
diorama table k takahashi   s sasada proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
the code 2.0 graphical programming environment p newton   jc browne proceedings of acm intl. conf . on supercomputing    
. enalapril : safe and effective therapy for posttransplant erythrocytosis rs gaston   ba julian   cv barker   ag diethelm  1993.0 
distributed speech recognition l burget   f grezl   
ecology and classification of north american freshwater invertebrates : academic press jh thorp   ap covich san diego   california    
the pantograph : a large workspace haptic device for multimodal interaction . c ramstein   v hayward proc . of acm chi    
reasonable expectations and the erosion of privacy sb spencer san diego law review   2002.0 
volatiles   magma mixing   and the mechanism of eruption of augustine volcano   alaska da johnston  1978.0 
real time obstacle detection in stereo vision on non flat road geometry through r labayrade   d aubert   jp tarel v-disparityâ ?? representation   â ?? in procs . ieee intelligent & hellip ;    
on the hardware-software partitioning problem : system modeling and partitioning techniques m lopez-vallejo   jc lopez acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems   2003.0 
a statecharts-based software development process for mobile agents g fortino   w russo   e zimeo information and software technology   2004.0 
plan-per-tuple optimization solution - parallel execution of expensive user-defined functions f carino   wo ` connell vldb   1998.0 
compiler group . an overview of the suif compiler system s stanford technical report   stanford university    
performance evaluation of two concurrency control mechanisms in a distributed database system wtk lin proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference  
a satellited human y chromosome p genest   m bouchard   j bouchard lancet i    
evaluation issues in medical research synthesis wh yeaton   pm wortman new directions for program evaluation   1984.0 
pulmonary embolism presenting as an acute surgical abdomen dc smith journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
speech pathology phonological screening awareness test a henty unpublished manuscript    
the stability   scalability and performance of multi-agent systems lc lee   hs nwana   dt ndumu   p de wilde bt technology journal   1998.0 
softech microsystems u pascal inc. san diego    
synchrotron radiation research and finnish beamline at max-lab ( abstract only ) s aksela proceedings of the 25 th annual conference on the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
chord : a p2p lookup protocol for internet applications i stoica   r morris   d karger   m kaashock   h proc . of acm sigcomm    
an object-oriented   procedural database for vlsi chip planning w wolf proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
dynamic fine-grained localization in ad-hoc networks of sensors a savides   b strivastava proc . acm mobicom    
macromolecules hr kricheldorf   p jahnke   
an e cient   fault-tolerant protocol for replicated data management a el abbadi   d skeen   f cristian proc . 4th acm sigact-sigmod conf . on principles of database & hellip ;    
erotic stimuli and aggression : facilitation or inhibition e donnerstein   m donnerstein   r evans journal of personality and social psychology   1975.0 
molecular biology of the hepatitis b virus a mclachlan  1991.0 
